  if the foreigner had ties to isis or radical muslims definitely, 
  i mean , you can simplify every sport like that , soccer is a bunch of grown men chasing a plastic ball and pretending to be attacked . 
  lol, 
  what the fuck does that have to do with this situation at all , he made no objection to our domestic policies , he lives in a country 10x worse so that would n't even make sense , he only cares that it 's the u.s. military that wants it , or any military at all . 
  he would n't give a shit if it was a different branch of the u.s. like nasa . 
  think before you speak or go off on rants silly german . 
  ok , we are still the richest nation in the world . 
  they will have a good nights sleep in their shitty house instead of their mansion . 
  they are foolish , if turning down millions - billions is n't foolish what is ? 
  of course it is not do or die but when offered a drone contract by the worlds leader in drone technology it is simple foolishness to reject it , and how exactly is taking a deal with the worlds leader on drone technology going to hurt there quality ? 
  it will do the opposite , the u.s. has amazing technology that it could have shared and now without that technology their product will be incredibly inferior to its potential . 
  and `` brand awareness '' does n't work like chocolate or wines , we are talking about drones which 9/10 people think are solely used for bombings . 
  and honestly the moral reasons do n't help either , the u.s. will simply go next in line and probably stifle this company out of business . 
  and that 's why you will not have business in europe , this company can have its morals but it just rejected help from the richest nation in the world . 
  idiocy and failure is the result of not having business goals for your ... business . 
  what does this have to do with what he said , were you just itching to share that story ? 
  the things redditors complain about most americans actually like about this country . 
  i doubt it has anything to do with high taxes . 
  still better than germany, 
  that 's not really true at all, 
  these people are suicidal and expect to die , we 're talking about the other people, 
  no , i 'm not a selfish european, 
  you think we should overthrow assad then ? 
  so his criticism is more valid if he takes off the american flair ? 
  do you also think brits should n't criticize america because of their past ? 
  or anybody criticize anybody ? 
  this is actually popular among liberals to say we ca n't control immigration because we are immigrants ourselves , or something retarded like that, 
  everything politicians say sound good, 
  mexico and canada are making fun of us ? 
  that 's a hilarious thought, 
  i disagree , i do n't see why people should be given the right of life when they have taken so many , it seems an injustice to me . 
  and think of the victims , they will know somewhere out there the man who ruined there life could come back , with death a large amount of relief is givin to them . 
  how is executing any different ? 
  it 's much more moral than letting them roy away for the rest of their life . 
  why put people through that ? 
  lol the death penalty is any less medieval then putting them in jail ? 
  the mental hoops people go through to seem civilized are amazing . 
  this calls for the use of the death penalty , to let these perpetrators live only sends the message that it is ok . 
  most of the u.s. population supports prison rape and honestly i ca n't blame them , you rape someone then kill them ? 
  then they deserve the rape , and should there selves lucky the second does n't occur . 
  how much do you pay for yours in american ? 
  nothing other other then a few brits complaining about them , i do n't think yours are much better than yours but i do n't really know either, 
  and i 've heard nothing good about british ones, 
  americans are constantly moaning about everything , but their often times better than the european or canadian counterpart, 
  i expect it from your general region, 
  lol i 've seen what people say about black people on / r/greatapes , the internet does n't mean shit . 
  as s matter of fact the internet is usually the opposite of the popular opionion as least in america . 
  lol the american left also thinks a lot of very stupid things , i 've heard that every violent death in the world is a indirect result of us actions one way or another . 
  and every american president who does n't dismantle nato and the military entirely should be tried for war crimes . 
  this is pretty much what every racist ever believes , that everyone secretly agrees with him but he 's the only one with the balls to say it . 
  i 'm sure you 're right this time , and not wrong like the millions of other times . 
  i 've always found it funny how you europeans have such shit and biased news sources but are always obsessed with fox news which is n't even as bad as some of the mainstream european sources . 
  you guys think about us so much it 's flattering . 
  or people with eastern european education ,, 
  exactly , so listen like the good little irrelevant country that you are . 
  or become iraq 2.0, 
  dear , bluechill , stop being a liberal suck up and whining like a little bitch . 
  not really , we buy videogames and have fun and what not but survival trumps all . 
  my point is we are all humans and we all will do what we need to do to survive . 
  western values are a facade used by westerners to feel above the `` savages '' of the world , there is nothing that sets us apart from them apart from the land we were born on . 
  this is the real world , and you must do what you can to makes your tribe thrive , no matter the cost, 
  that 's like most dudes i e met in general, 
  there is no use europeans , resistance is futile . 
  your country and turkey should not have to carry the load , especially since turkeys economy would crumble . 
  do not be so selfish , the western countries could easily handle 10x the load you are expected . 
  if not then they are no western country . 
  turkey should handle this alone ? 
  how selfish . 
  how many syrians are n't in danger ? 
  how many died staying in their state ? 
  it 's different , we can use ours for protection and can carry around , and anyone can get them , not just the people the government deems worthy . 
  the ability for the weak to protect themselves and a safeguard against tyranny . 
  and because they 're awesome and a lot of people enjoy them . 
  you mean a nation with easier access to guns has more gun related homicides ? 
  who woulda thunk ? 
  i would n't call it a problem that we have loose gun laws , more of a solution . 
  you are just reinforcing my prediction . 
  i did n't say you would reach a nazi situation , with u.s. 
  supremacy and the age of the internet this could n't happen in a modern western country . 
  but bad things will happen to muslims in your country within the next 20 years , religious persecution , ghettoization , and random acts of violence against muslims will be subtly encouraged by the government and media . 
  and any time there is a problem within germany it will be the fault of the muslims , do n't be so arrogant to think the german people are above minority scapegoats and the other things i 've listed . 
  you can already see these things start to form and it has n't even been a year . 
  you are already showing signs of what i am saying will happen , the muslims will stir up some trouble , enough that a conservative leader can pin any of germany 's problems on them , and then something bad will happen to them . 
  they might be bully 's in some district but the german majority still controls the country and the muslims will be used to scapegoat germany 's problems . 
  again , it is not you who should fear them , it 's the muslims who should be afraid , germany is just one financial crisis away from something bad happening . 
  i have n't guilt tripped anyone , you 've completely ignored my points because you have no answer to them . 
  and deep down you know i am right . 
  you , the german majority are scared of the muslim minority ? 
  let 's get things straight , it will not be the poor muslim minority that will be oppressing the rich jew minority , it will be the german majority oppressing the muslim minority . 
  in the coming years a extreme german conservative will be elected and most of germany 's problems will be scapegoated to the muslim minority , it 's common sense that the extremely heavy nationalism and barbarism of germans did not suddenly disappear after 1 generation , it was simply in hiding and the muslims are a fresh batch of scapegoats that do n't have the negative history of jewish scapegoats . 
  it is not you who should be afraid of them , it 's them that should be afraid of you . 
  most people think their opinions are . 
  i 'm sure that 's what your propaganda tells you . 
  he 's not wrong , your free speech laws are barbaric and tragically hilarious . 
  if that 's what passes for a joke then i fear for french comedy . 
  as if christianity is n't backwards . 
  it should n't be , many were children . 
  and the brutality and carelessness of the revolution was considered barbaric even back than . 
  i have n't beheaded any rich people so yeah by your definition i am pretty void of culture . 
  you became our bitch :d,
