  brits are so bad at taking criticism lol, 
  i think germans need to stop biting the hand that fed . 
  prisons are one of the hottest topics in america , it 's brought up pretty frequently , especially when talking about black people . 
  are you saying people who have been raped should n't whine about it because they do n't live in africa ? 
  i doubt it 's banned from public libraries , i can get actual porn from public libraries . 
  not nearly as much as english though , which is made up of loan words . 
  thanks for the spoilers asshole . 
  except you are n't saving lives , you are just pushing your agenda , i believe gun legislation deserves a large chunk of talk after shootings but anti-gun activist want that to be the only thing people talk about , as if legislating guns more will make the problem magically disappear . 
  they 're are many other things that need to be talked about including poverty , mental health , and culture of violence . 
  but anti-ga want to focus on the one thing and believe even mentio mintioning these possible causes is scapegoating from the real problem , when it is much more complicated than that . 
  there 's a agenda you believe is the truth and using children 's deaths to air that agenda . 
  it 's not that it 's easier , it 's just that no one knows a thing about austria to make fun of it except austrians . 
  everyone knows everything about america . 
  i have to ask the same lol, 
  you guys are obsessed with america . 
  would you ? 
  it seems like every american shooting europeans leftist love pushing their agendas . 
  it was funny , you are just upset because you are british , and refuse to admit it . 
  i do n't know , that 's what brits always say when they 're upset . 
  are you british ? 
  and yours to be fair . 
  killed to death ? 
  well that 's never good , poor paul . 
  i assure you i am not a vagina lip capable of typing on the internet . 
  we are getting surrounded with downvotes in here , where was paul revere to tell us there would be redcoats ? 
  where is paul ? 
  it is kind of funny though . 
  most things are . 
  i saw the title and was listening to j-z ( who always sings about new york ) and thought it up , i think it 's funny . 
  i do find getting a rise out of easily offended people enjoyable but do n't dare say i 'm ok with terrorist attacks , i just found the joke i thought of as funny , it 's gon na be fine . 
  we have to constantly get into your affairs because after all the `` civilized '' talk you are still a bunch of nations squabbling over petty reasons . 
  well it is very expansionist to call in debts to a country then offer it statehood , nazis should n't be mentioned though, 
  you did n't know puerto rico was a commonwealth territory , and has different rules than the u.s. 
  we are n't in the eu and have no obligation to greece, 
  or if one of our news sites makes a daily mail style headline euros jerk themselves into eternity . 
  my point remains . 
  it kind of annoys me too but i 'm so use to polandball that i ca n't help it . 
  but we would n't doom a whole state , we constantly are in a `` greek '' situation with many of our states but we always bail them out , because we are a whole . 
  eu obviously is n't even close to that if a member is willing to let another member drown . 
  are you saying the americans are n't being capitalistic enough ? 
  you ca n't be 100 % without being there , and people who donate large sums of money want to be 100 %, 
  to make sure it goes where it should . 
  there 's more than 1 person in america, 
  sigh ... america too the rescue again . 
  take this upvote, 
  i think that 's a fact , asians ( of the chinese/japanese variety ) are much more smarter and hard working , and produce at a much higher rate , they 'll be next in line for global dominance when america and the anglosphere fall . 
  they 're are pics of the holocaust , does n't matter to people . 
  sweden is always giving out ridiculously lenient punishments . 
  i 'm america germans are all seen as porn fetishist , it 's overtaken the nazi stereotype . 
  there 's a difference between blindly following and completely disregarding for no other reason than it is u expected . 
  do you forget that you 're country was the one who did the suppressing and extermination right ? 
  we did alot when we were a country but we confines our shit to the north americans until the mid 20 's at least , your country 's tentacles spread the world and destroyed everything it touched for centuries . 
  let 's not forget you guys did n't really abolish slavery until 20 years before us , so that 's not really a horse i would smoke up . 
  and again , until rather recently ( the last 120 years or so ) america stayed out of other people 's shit , and what was the reason for we stopped isolationism again ? 
  oh yeah , another war europeans started over a few miles of clay , the same kind of war europe had for centuries until america stopped you like an adult holding his children back . 
  i 'm not upset mate , no worrys . 
  i 'm not the one asking people to leave am i ? 
  you 're not good at this satire thing . 
  i do n't know , i 've never traces it , my father says we have irish ancestery but that 's the extent of my knowledge . 
  and war and genocide . 
  it 's done less harm on the world than the vikings . 
  many do . 
  i dont hate them , i 'm going backpacking in europe and will be in the uk a good chunk of time . 
  i just like calling them out because they ways get butthurt and go on rants about how terrible america is if you point out a flaw in their system . 
  i enjoy that . 
  i also do n't think i spend that much time talking about it , i mostly just talk about mundane bullshit . 
  do n't flatter yourself bud , i can call out your bullshit without being obsessed , i do much more things a day than call out european bullshit on reddit , i would n't exactly say i 'm obsessed with something i barely do . 
  hell the europeans on this sub talk about america more than i talk about europe . 
  but this is the way you guys act , someone does n't suck your dick so they must be obsessed with you . 
  not really an obsession , i just enjoy calling out the hypocrisy of europeans , and a lot of the absurd shit they say in defense of yurop . 
  to make snarky comments about europe and the uk . 
  except i 've had foreign friends from canada and uk and germany say they were very good and fast , but i guess they were brainwashed too . 
  and i 've known friends who have been to foreign hospitals and said they were shitty compared to ours . 
  but i guess if i do n't agree with you that all american hospitals are shitty i 'm brainwashed , that 's the british way of thinking . 
  read the comment above mine . 
  `` 90 % of europeans think gypsys should be genocided '' but i guess it 's easier to take things out of context . 
  i really do n't believe you , every hospital in the u.s. has to border on amazing or they 'll get sued , i 've never been to a bad hospital . 
  would n't want to remind euros how they 've pretty much fucked up the entire world . 
  sorry i see it said without sarcasm too much . 
  not to say it is n't important but it does n't need to be brought up everytime america is given a more positive light than yurop , and it 's not exactly a good reason to say your progressive considering countries like north korea and somalia also have it . 
  you guys fall back on that like a fence . 
  thanks for not using fear monger i g to target vulnerable minirities , oh wait . 
  it 's just going to sound like a shallow copy of true patriotism and freedom , kinda like europe in general amirite ? 
  no ones gon na torture or hurt him , that would make him a martyr , we 'll just lock him up and toss the key . 
  i 'm not muslim and i 'm calling you an asshole . 
  i assure you i will . 
  and because you do n't come from a country with the same freedom as mine . 
  because you ca n't spell . 
  and when some people are assholes you call them out , why is this so hard to understand . 
  rural swedes are uneducated ? 
  just ship in a german and they 'll all surrender immediately . 
  they 're probably beating on people 's cars who are n't courtney love too . 
   usa  not being relevant, 
  looks like aushwitz could n't handle the top bantz and razor sharp sarcasm, 
  you should be recongnized for your past actions and kicked out of nato , with the chance to join again when you reach at least .5 is that better ? 
  it would be much better for us too let russia and co war europe and co for a few good years than save europe and co , we would be insanely above everyone else at that point . 
  you should be kicked out of nato, 
  i 'm aware , i 'm saying no one would be offended by a drink called 9/11 , except maybe some war vet or bleeding heart conservative but they 're offended by everything . 
  the vast majority of americans would just be intrigued and order it . 
  nah i agree with him , that would n't offend anybody , i would know your trying to offend me and be mad but no one would actually care about the drink .
