  well at least one of us is . 
  that was an example . 
  there were daily negative news like i mentioned 3 times already ? 
  you guys are fun . 
  you asked for an example and when i give you one you downvote me or want another one . 
  i bet you can use google as well as i can . 
  plus : i never said it was `` propaganda '' , stop putting words in my mouth . 
  i 'm not blaming the baltics actually , because i can see why they 'd feel treated . 
  i 'm just saying that the whole invading scenario is excuse my wording : bullshit . 
  anyways i 'm out ca n't have too much of this sub at once . 
  there are nato troops more or less all around russia and only really few in the baltics . 
  plus that ` buffer zone ' would be tiny , weapons those days have a pretty big range mate . 
  what would that be ? 
  getting the whole nato against you for some ports that do n't really matter , a few more habitants of whom 3/4 will hate russia, 
  point is : the us is flying in syria and bombing isis , al-nusra etc. 
  so they 're ` flexing their muscles ' . 
  i was n't talking about any regime changes or anything on that matter . 
  thank you . 
  i 'll probably just stop commenting on that topic , people either do n't want to get the point or they 're trying to troll me or something . 
  i feel like i 'm talking to a wall . 
  are you trying to troll me ? 
  or you do n't get the point at all . 
  are you serious ? 
  there was crap on a daily base about it . 
  i 'm not going to dig around for those news , but for example some famous us moderator showed a clip about a wolf in a hotel lobby being filmed by a american olympia athlet and they reported it as a happening in sochi . 
  he later said that it was a fake made by them , but it still got posted on quite a few news sites and other ridiculous stuff like that . 
  for showoff reasons , the same way the us does it in russian airspace etc. 
  has nothing to do with invading . 
  plus most of those cases happen in international airspace , just close to the nations airspace , they just still get reported ( like many international water cases ) . 
  or do you believe greece is about to invade turkey because they violate their airspace ( and vice versa ) . 
  i do n't say that it 's okay to invade non nato states . 
  serious guys , not sure if you just do n't want to understand me , or if you 're just acting . 
  you agree that there 's a way bigger risk for a country to invade a nato state to a none nato state , right ? 
  i 'm not pro any wars . 
  i 'm just naming facts . 
  hm so russia did n't gain anything ? 
  okay , if you say so . 
  list of european countries that have invaded european countries in the past 4 years without any possibility to gain anything in it at all , but a good chance to lose a lot : - you 're welcome . 
  i know , but they 're the same people , just that those in azerbaijan had some turkification going on in the past . 
  so they may be like turks , but are still kind of not , if you know what i mean :p, 
  i understand czech better than i do ukrainian ... but i get what you mean . 
  i do n't even want to hold a conversation with you . 
  all you say is : putin lies . 
  so ... what does it change about the fact that there are still no benefits in invading the baltics ? 
  erm that 's not my `` world view '' . 
  i 'm not saying russia really needs those things . 
  but some things are of obvious benefit to a nation while others are not and there is nothing of benefit for russia to gain in the baltics . 
  you can talk around it all you want . 
  ps : i have no clue how my comment made you believe that would be my world view, 
  okay , okay . 
  but they 're not . 
  that 's like saying portuguese and spanish are the same language . 
  actually you 're not . 
  azeris are more persian ethnic wise . 
  it 's not . 
  those are different scenarios . 
  you ca n't compare ukraine to estonia . 
  you would n't compare mongolia to japan either or would you ? 
  sorry with ` you ' i did n't mean you , but the person who did it . 
  erm i was talking about their airstrikes not about a full on invasion . 
  the exactly same thing was already answered by me a minute ago . 
  was crimea part of nato ? 
  are there any cruicial things for russia to gain there ? 
  russia already has ports in kaliningrad and around piter etc. 
  serious mate , there 's nothing to gain for russia . 
  azeris and turks like each other . 
  was crimea part of nato ? 
  do the baltics have anything to offer to russia that it needs like any special ports ? 
  no , there 's kaliningrad for that ( and others ) . 
  there 's nothing to gain for russia . 
  ps : whoever is now downvoting all my comments : you 're hilarious . 
  you need to check some of the polandball comics about hungary and romania, 
  why would you consider german worse ? 
  i know it 's more a personal taste thing , but still d :, 
  such is life in / europe, 
  compared to most nato states you 're actually quite capable ( us excluded for obvious reasons ) . 
  do n't know about lithuania , but in germany for example a verbal contract still counts as contract . 
  ( why would you downvote this comment ? 
  that 's a fact . 
  german law and stuff ( `` m\u00fcndlicher vertrag '' ), 
  us was flexing their muscles in syria way before russia 's intervention tho . 
  that 's not true , as a russian living in the `` west '' , i can tell you that the west has been shitting on russia ever since i can remeber , not as much as now ( because of the crisis in ukraine , georgia etc. 
  ) , but still . 
  just a little reminder as example : how much invented and completly false bullshit was on the news about sochi ? 
  there is nothing to gain for russia in the baltics and a sh * tload to lose . 
  i have no clue why you guys still serious believe in russia trying to invade you . 
  that 's a classic for me , not that i 'd like it , but i used to gift it to friends lol, 
  so do i , even tho i know there 's only crap in it , but it 's sooo good, 
  there are also some romanovs ( or relatives ) living in germany , because they were pretty german mixed . 
  ah okay , thank you mate !, 
   i assume you would hate everyone in europe i do n't think so . 
  would probably be a lot of gray . 
  see poles for example hate us ( for well known reasons ) while most russians do n't really care about poles ( expect for some who might see them as somekind of us vassal ) . 
  why are hungarians their `` cousins '' ? 
  serious question . 
  i mean they 're not even slavic , or did you mean something else ? 
  ( again , i 'm not trying to insult anyone at all , just curiose ), 
  because commies, 
   most murderous regime in the history of mankind ?!, 
  yes way worse than being conquered by the mongols or others similar to them .
