  totally love reading your comments about russia , 
  same here , but that was a long time ago . 
  i 'm younger , but i played some atari , nes etc. 
  when i was ~ 5-7 and got an snes on my 6 birthday . 
  actually i think it 's pretty crazy how big some of this gaming events are , but they have already been like this since the early 2000s in korea . 
  their top gamers are famous like , well famous sport people , federer , mayweather and the likes . 
  nope , it 's really about the reflexes , because the game i was talking about was starcraft ( the first one , it 's from 1998 ) , which is still super popular over there and it does n't get any changes . 
  well he was talking about the collapse itself and if you 're aware how it affected the regular people wyou 'd kind of agree ( i 'm not talking about getting rid of teh soviet union , but about how it happend and how it affected the peoples lifes ) . 
  also 3 gen , pretty much the same issue as the 2 gen for some reason . 
  videos games , at least in korea . 
  serious . 
  their starcraft pros ( at least like 10 years ago , i 'm not up to date ) used to `` retire '' when they got around 20 + , because their reflexes ca n't keep up with the teenies and gaming is seen as an actual sport over there . 
  but they are , specially the female section . 
  if i 'm not mistaken some of the americans were from the former udssr ( and their trainers/parents ) too . 
  but i 'm not really interested in it , so i do n't know the names , sorry . 
  i 'm pretty sure squatting existed in the roman empire as well ( not only the eastern one ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was n't serious . 
  some people count it as in : you 're born there , so you 're that . 
  ( americans for example , if i 'm not mistaken ), 
  hahaha i have the same carpet !, 
  what the hell did i just watch ? 
  lol, 
   if lebanon could sort their shit out and establish itself as a stable and peaceful country , they 'd make an absolute killing off tourism from around the world easier said than done , unfortunately . 
   but damn , they actually leave those countries again . 
  like germany and japan, 
  or swiss cheese, 
  bloody and hurtfull, 
  that hu has been around way longer than icelands euro tour . 
  if i 'm not mistaken it 's actually a polish handball chant . 
  lol fdp ... 
  they did everything they could to get khodorkovsky out of prison . 
  not because he should be out , mind you . 
  i document you and follow you around ? 
  hahaha, 
  you mean when russia had to do whatever other countries told them to ? 
  sure that was great for those countries . 
  erm well i 'm pretty sure some russian channels are blocked in the baltics etc. 
  and anyways if i would have said something like that people would call it whataboutism . 
  haha i am ? 
  like i said he does this stuff even in threads that have absolute nothing to do with russia and most of the time i do ' t even comment on him . 
  i am obsessed with you ? 
  nah you 're just in every thread about russia and like i said you 're also in soccer those recent days etc. 
   anything that 's not under putin 's control that 's not-for-profit is technically an ngos in russia . 
  erm no , by your definition any russian company ( or mixed shareholders ) would be counted as ngo if it would n't be under direct control of putin and do n't tell me every russian company is . 
  the thing is that many ngos were and still are used by foreign agents ( or infiltrated by those ) and that 's a fact . 
  anyways i 'm going to bed . 
  can barely keep my eyes open . 
  good night . 
   anyway i love russia . 
  as much as a saudi prince loves iran . 
  you talk crap about russian people , invetions , achievments and pretty much everything , whenever i see you anywhere , even if the topic has nothing to do about russia . 
  recently even in / r/soccer and stuff . 
  you 're obsessed . 
  was n't ricardo the keeper back then ? 
  kind of mediocore , but else you 're right ( vitor baia on the other hand was a great keeper ) . 
   radio free europe is one of those ngos lol, 
  why the hell do n't you mention rui costa ? 
  just out of curiosity : do you have any hobbies beside of trying to shit on anything russian anytime possible ? 
  yes !, 
  things were absolute wonderful under yeltsin ... 
  could be worse . 
  you could be british . 
  but seriously , good luck finding a new job . 
  well for cooking, 
  scientology is illegal in russia and not considered a curch . 
  moldovia would lose [ gagauzia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gagauzia ) also if they give away transnistria . 
  yes but it 's a different mix than the ` usuall ' thermite, 
  but first you 'll have to answer one question : what is love ? 
  there got to be tea somewhere, 
  probably got drunk together first, 
  there are more of them , kosovo has/had at least one known as well . 
  our national team was a disgrace in the whole tournament ( and so were the hools ) . 
  if we take all 3 games together we played like 25-30 minutes of okay football and everything else was complete shite . 
  england reaching the finals ... well a man can dream , right ? 
  anyways , congratulations to wales , well deserved win . 
  oh yeah , because not even talking to him would make things way better . 
  he means the sanctions on the crimean peninsula . 
  at least i think so, 
  well i can understand that . 
  i was for iceland too for example , but most people in here were happy for another reason . 
  ( btw . 
  with 4 missing starters we 're not really much better than slovakia anyways ), 
  my problem is not that we lost , we deserved that lose . 
  i mean we 've been shit for like 5 years now lol, 
  yeah i know , thanks . 
  for example i actually have many polish friends ( tho we tend to not speak about politics ), 
  you forgot to mention , that your coach is n't any good . 
  wow that comment . 
  either you 're completly ignorant or you do n't know much about history ( at least ww2 wise ) . 
  i meant in a whole world view and you 're one of the best football nations all in all , not only in europe . 
  ah well i misunderstood you , must have misread something while i was watching france-albania . 
  yeah those leagues work great to make some cash once you 're ~ 35 and have made a name of yourself , but earlier is waste of talent and career . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  but russia is ( partially ) in europe and the teams play in the european competitions . 
  well you 're right , but it 's still overreacting . 
  i have doubts he 'll end up in russia . 
  the bigger teams look out for bigger names or younger talents , while the others wont be able to afford his sallery ( plus the foreign player rule wont help in that case at all ) . 
  ( ps : suspending him for the picture is pretty silly imo . 
  yes volkswagen owns the team pretty much , but how is he not allowed to own a mercedes ? 
  they could have asked him to put the picture down and everything is fine , but they also used him and 1 or two other players as somekind of scapegoat when the team started playing bad . ),
