  like `` the sun '' or `` bild '' etc. 
  i 'm not defending sputnik , but fabricating stuff is not a russian invention . 
  i think he does n't know how the internet works , neither does merkel , but i ca n't remember her asking to take videos down of her lol . 
  this , people outside of germany ( and maybe austria ) may not be aware of it , but bild is rubbish . 
  it 's a tabloid paper, 
  there are at least 2 lada chevrolet cars . 
  well if i 'd start calling myself polish i still would n't be polish . 
  well they are parts of moldova, 
   it 's not a myth , people do n't believe that . 
  there are many ( ! ), 
  people that do believe it, 
   prussians prussians were germanized ( or however you write that ) baltic people . 
  principality of moldavia was founded in 1359, 
  gagauzia also does n't wants to be part of romania as far as i know . 
  agreed , but that is something that could have been changed . 
  actually gorbachov planned to do this ( changing the planned economy to a more open system ) , but the hole union collapsed prior to it . 
   they have n't had free elections since the su fell . 
  yes they had and they almost made this fella [ zhirinovsky ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vladimir_zhirinovsky ) president, 
   sure , great terror , holodomor and kgb/nkvd do you really think the people who 'd like the soviet union back wish the darkest days of it back ? 
  next thing you 'll say they also wish the nazis would comeback and attack them , because that was also during the time of the soviet union . 
  ( downvotes incoming ), 
  the soviet union used to have pretty good healtcare , nowadays many qualified personal ( doctors etc. ), 
  left the country , because they get better payed in germany and otehr countries . 
   except everyone and their mother was pretty eager to get the fuck out the first moment they could because the last years of the soviet union were obvious not going well . 
  actually poland is pretty central based in europe . 
  ha i get this too , but from german police . 
  plus my regular look might be kind of unfriendly lol , at least i was told so . 
  yeah i do n't get why so many do n't like belarus 's flag in here . 
  best nilfgaardian i can come up with sir , white flame dancing on the barrows of his enemies . 
   to be fair being a dick to your neighbors is a national pass time for the balkans not only the balkans, 
  well it 's not really surprising and a win-win situation for both . 
  that 's beautiful , looks kind of like the alps, 
  i actually did n't know that . 
  thought milka would be the same milka : /, 
  as someone who has been to some of this countries i have to partially disagree . 
  the croatian food was n't better than the german , at all , in france it was a hit and miss , but that 's probably the case everywhere i guess . 
  it probably also depends on where in the us and where in europe we 're talking about . 
  i 've been to verona some years ago . 
  beautiful city , actually liked it more then venice . 
  or in most central , eastern and/or nordic countries in europe , because march and april will fool you . 
  for a president he actually is n't all too old . 
  haha you 're on something . 
  kaiserslautern is pretty ugly too . 
  brutalism is a very special style i 'd say, 
  belarus ? 
  then you should write as soon as lukashenko dies , not putin, 
  that might be a slavic thing ? 
  i 'm pretty sure tea is more popular in slavic ( and maybe magyar ( i 'm looking at you hungary ) ) counries than it is in the western ocne , expect for britain that is . 
  might as well just be the climate . 
  now that i think about it ... what 's the scandinavian few on tea ? 
  that 's not whataboutism . 
  i agreed with him , expect for the point that military interventions would be a thing of the past for european nations . 
  well european nations do n't do it to expand their territory , but they still do it to expand their influence , or at least they try so ( talking about france and libya here for example ) . 
  i 'm not living in russia , so it 's not `` my government '' . 
  just stating a realpolitic fact . 
  there 's nothing to gain for russia in the baltics and a lot to lose . 
  one does not simply occupy a nato member state ( or 3 of them ) . 
  the situation with ukraine is not similar with those of the baltic states . 
  ukraine is not the baltics and not a nato member . 
  i 'm talking real politics here . 
  i ca n't believe you guys really think the baltics would be attacked ... it 's ridicolous, 
  makes sense , i 've always been flying to holidays or stuff , so i had quite some luggage with me . 
  i 'm glad . 
  before anyone get 's that wrong , i 'm not pro trump , not at all , but i was seriously scared of ww3 with hillary as an us president . 
  they 're spoon fed fear from the very beginning , do n't even try it . 
  i did many times ... 
  oh my god , one of those cancer posts . 
   you mean like how european politicians have manipulated obama for the past 8 years ? 
  what ? 
  explain please . 
  i 've only seen it the other way round ( well maybe france with the whole libya fiasco , but else ) . 
  well the revolts inside the austro-hungarian empire lead to ww1 for example ( yes i know it would have happend anyways , maybe a year or two later , guys you do n't have to teach me ) . 
  and a full integration does happen in some cases ( like after centuries , but not even then sometimes ) or by forcing the population into it ( prussia into german for example ) . 
  if it would be a new introduced coat of arms kind of , if it would be an 100 + years old one , not at all . 
  sure there is , his name is putin . 
  that 's true . 
  if the ottomans would have been that fanatic we probably would have quite few less nationalities those days . 
  i first misread it as turkish and thought you were one of those turks that claim everything turkic as turkish achievments . 
  that 's mostly it . 
  side story about the gunner and mostly about the young , charismatic and fabulous and honorable ( if you know what i mean ) turkish sultan and military commander lol . 
  haha my sister gave me this movie as gift , because i like history and movies ( she did n't notice it was a turkish movie ) . 
  the totally arrogant byzantium looking down on the small , weak ottoman empire ... wait what ? 
  nordicgirl , estonian that is the most / r/europe think i 've seen in a while . 
  alright , just thought i 'll inform you . 
  the new id will be without religion . 
  some of ours do so too . 
  nope , i mean as in putting us bases there . 
  nato would take it right away , let 's be realistic . 
  we would n't mind taking it either . 
  well very western is the most anti russian part , but if you seriously believe there were/are no pro soviet native ukrainians you 're just wrong . 
  i mean i even know some . 
  hell i have ukrainian relatives who are . 
  this is a straight lie . 
  quite a few ukrainians were pro left pre war , now probably less , but if you say that 's not the case you 're either lying or you 're from very western ukraine . 
  gray , black and white . 
  still that way over here . 
  well that 's not really surprising , both statments actually . 
  it 's not really hard to find russians who hate russia , or americans who hate america , israelis who hate israel etc. 
  ( more the politics normaly than the country itself , but those exist too , i mean those who hate everything about it ) . 
  well i heard they like to get drunk ...
