  agreed , but i kind of do n't like any of the possible candidates ( expect for bernie , but i doubt that he 'll have a serious winning chance ) . 
  clinton is a warmonger, 
  not 100 % sure , but i think green ones exist too . 
  i had no clue there were aldis in the us and australia, 
  a title i did n't expect to read ... ever, 
  but there were `` crusades '' against byzanz and russia , because they were not the * right * way of christians . 
  yes , but it 's russia , so let 's shit on 'em, 
  russian ships in international water , but close to british ( put any other nato country inside ) make the news a few times per year as `` provocation '' by russia . 
  it happens all the time on both sides , but only one side gets reported on the news . 
  if you shoot down a plane in international waters while it was obvious not attacking ( yes it was provoking , but obvious not attacking ) you act like a little bitch and not the plane . 
  downvotes incoming . 
  in inernational waters ? 
  no problem . 
  ha i use a spanish version of my name on there :p w\u00fcnsche noch einen sch\u00f6nen abend , 
  i did , he is half ghanaian :p, 
  or his last name is h\u00fcbschmann :p, 
  but ... some of them are asian, 
  do n't know about a princess , but some nigerian prince wrote me an email recently . 
  i could link them both up . 
  i did n't know czechs felt that way . 
  i actually say poland and the czech rep are in central europe ( because well they are ) , but they 're slavic and i never knew they did n't feel slavic . 
  there are still ethnic poles living in russia . 
  your edit made me actually giggle, 
  well he became a dictator once he was too old to still work as a successful model, 
   miukumauku best @ name there is, 
  it was just a visit . 
  a historic one , but nonetheless still just a visit . 
  you should have rather asked about the maybe incoming us sanction stop on cuba ( but i thing it also did n't change much , if anything towards the view on cuba ) . 
  it 's german , but used in russia for pretty much all type of sandwiches . 
   majority of the posts are just stupid rhetoric . 
  it 's really disappointing . 
  how i feel when i see a thread about russia on / r/europe : /, 
  the austrian etc. 
  troops that had to fight on the eastern russian front could n't fight serbia . 
  how is that a moral support ? 
  and like i said the russian empire got into a civil war during world war 1 and could n't keep on supporting anyone , actually not even itself . 
  ( plus russia send troops to france what made it easier for france to put their own troops into other places as well ) . 
  ( i also ca n't see how you do n't get my point , but okay let 's agree to disagree . 
  i wish you a great weekend ! ), 
  my favorite ` russian ' word is butterbrot lol . 
  do you use it too by any chance ? 
  what 's the problem with it ? 
  i mean it does n't look all too realistic now , but anything can happen in that time . 
  plus it 's fiction so whatever floats your boat . 
  talking about prejudice against one , you should try to be russian on the internet ( or turk , or pakistani , etc. ), 
  in other words you agree that it at least was n't paranoia back in those times , or do you just ignore facts , because they are against your point of view ? 
   and i proved you wrong . 
  i disagree . 
  you are right about the russian empire not fighting austria-hungary in serbia . 
  they fought them closer to their borders , what makes sense , do n't you agree ? 
  that 's obvious still support and if the military campagne would have been successful they would have eventually went down to serbia , but at least once germany got involved on the eastern front it clearly was n't . 
  plus the russian empire than got more intern trouble than it could handle . 
  ( to the getting more territory point : nobody goes to war without having any benefits for himself/their own nation in mind , be it more territory , weaken an enemy , strengthen your position or something else ) also serbia ( and to a lesser level bulgaria etc. ), 
  are still thankfull for russias support in their independece of the ottoman empire ( ps : i 'm not saying that the russian empire helped them just out of kindness , but clearly to weaken the ottoman empire and strenghten their own position etc. , but i 'm not planning to write down a roman on here ) . 
  lovely picture , glad you enjoyed your stay . 
  erm putting words in the mouth of other people seems to be a hobby on here . 
  did i say that it was the only and sole reason ? 
  and sending troops ? 
  did russia declare war on austria-hungary and allies and fight with them or not ? 
  how naive of you to believe i 'd be naive out of a single sentence . 
  eh it was the start , world war i would have happend anyways , but maybe a year or so later . 
  i doubt that i 'm naive . 
   there is no historic reasons lol !, 
  dude russia and serbia have a loooong historic past and in more recent views . 
  the whole world war 1 thing were russia went to war to support the serbian ally ? 
  they 're still seen as old friends . 
  sure it was talked about in the news , but it did n't change a thing . 
  why should it anyways ? 
  there was a time were sugar was rare for a while in the udssr and cuba was sending it as aid and in general they 're seen as old friends . 
  as a brit you should know that in a historic view there obvious was a hostility towards russia ( from great britain and france for quite a bit ) . 
  thing is , most people do n't hate the regular folks . 
  that 's probably the case in many countries ? 
  people who dislike the us most of the time do n't like the politics and not the regular people . 
  ha i was there too on navy day 8 years ago !, 
  please stop talking out of your butt . 
  that 's the case with every nation . 
   there 's more for russia to gain by taking the baltic today than it was for the ussr to take it in the 1940s . 
  erm no ? 
  japan and mongolia are also near russia . 
  i had no clue there were czechs in kazakhstan . 
  i mean greeks , germans , poles , koreans yeah ... but czech ? 
  maybe in a historic view ? 
  or sport , i mean not long ago the czech rep used to be a really strong national team , unfortunately they 're only mediocore now : / ( always liked your players tho ), 
  now we need such a chart of scotland . 
  they 'll probably have scots as most liked and most hated people . 
  because nobody even takes japans requests of getting the islands back seriously . 
  plus people import a lot of cars and whatnot directly from over there . 
  he 's not batshit crazy if that is what you mean and not a lunatic either . 
  one name : rivaldo, 
   georgia how so ? 
  would like to know that . 
  what about persians ? 
  and the netherlands, 
   unreasonable dictator one can say a lot of things about putin , this is not one of them . 
  russia already has a direct access for the baltic sea ( even without kaliningrad there 's the whole part between estonia and finland ) . 
  i do n't . 
  you ignore things and try to run circles around me . 
  the baltics are n't even big enough to be considered a ` buffer zone ' . 
  i could also talk to the wall next to me and she 'll participate in the conversation as much as you have so far . 
  ha mister all i say is : `` putin lies '' is amused .
