  will it be better if i 'd put a ` remove kebab ' at the end ? 
  i was talking about the language . 
  do n't see why this would trigger anyone . 
  i actually never talk about any politics with my polish friends in general . 
  if someone starts i kindly ask him not to , for the sake of our friendship . 
   so they 're technically correct the best way . 
  judging by your badge you should be a ` schotte ', 
  i 'll give kongo a second go ( more like try ) and hope i wont get kicked out all the time by the game . 
   other european countries like hungary . 
  sorry , i had to lol, 
  okay , thanks . 
  i might have a wrong view of romanias view on russia , thanks to / r/europe, 
  also happens in the turkish part of cyprus ( do n't know if it happens in the other part , might be too ) . 
  the get hired as gogo dancers for nightclubs/discos etc. 
  and are then getting forced into prostitution . 
  and over there they have to do it without a condom , because the customers demand it and other horrible stuff like this . 
  well it got even under british tabloid level i guess, 
  those were ethnic german bikes . 
  strange bikes in germany get mostly stolen by people who are n't german, 
  like who does n't those days ? 
  you forgot russia/the soviet union, 
   and they paid the price for it actually still kind of pay for it, 
  eh that 's normal . 
  france builds nuclear plants near the german border . 
  drug is the russian word for friend , so there 's that . 
  it 's possible , but i doubt that there are many paid guys on here , but last time i mentioned https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_earnest_voice i got downvoted . 
  serious it 's almost funny how everyone that is somehow pro russia , or just not completly against everything russian has to be a paid shill/troll . 
  at least that 's what people on / europe believe . 
  we were/are in the same boat my fellow african friend . 
  why would russia need any excuse to place missles in kaliningrad ? 
  kaliningrad being a huge military base , port and missile depot is the sole reason of it 's existence more or less . 
  pre syrian civil war russia and turkey were closer than they 've ever been if i 'm not mistaken . 
  you seem obsessed with talking negative about russia , mate . 
  yeah blaming all failures in the past 20 years on russia . 
  it 's easier that way is n't it zozulka ? 
  would have loved to keep on playing congo , but with crashes every few minutes it was n't any fun . 
  well i meant it in the way that mccain is an obvious warhawk , like a certain somebody . 
  thought i doubt zhirik would be as hot headed if he had any actually power ( as he is now , not as mccain ) . 
  plus he 's saying stuff like this : `` common knowledge and has been reported in the media that al-qaeda is going back into iran and receiving training and are coming back into iraq from iran , that 's well known . 
  and it 's unfortunate . '', 
  anyways i 'm going to bed now , good night . 
  and is kind of a war industry puppet ( good thing is the us will pick another one with hillary ), 
  he actually is and he was right when he was arguing with that one oligarch a while back , but i still do n't know what he 's doing in ukraine . 
  well if we consider youtube comments then i 've seen quite a few ( poles and others ) . 
  he 's the russian mccain and he 's said worse stuff than that ... 
  the russian space program gets budget cuts every few years . 
  it 's actually doing pretty fine considering the circumstances . 
  do americans count snce it 's the same direction on that topic ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_earnest_voice pretty sure i read also about a british one , but i ca n't remember how it was called . 
  why was i downvoted ? 
  i listed examples . 
  actually many countries have those things . 
  bohemia ( czechia ) used to be pretty significant as well mate . 
  hope i can make it next time . 
  tho i only played multiplayer with my buddy whom i 'm teaching eu4 . 
   beer-flavored carbonated water . 
  so it tastes like it 's ingredients ? 
  ah my fault , i 'm sorry gay capital , 
  or the smolensk war ( and others ) . 
  just tried to trigger you , because of this special thread :p, 
  wood, 
  i think that one is actually pretty well known, 
  only because they did n't have enough time . 
  if you think the nazis would have spared slavs you 're wrong my friend . 
  mozart was german !, 
  ( did i trigger something ? ), 
  dammit , your conversation made me actually laugh, 
   `` wilno belongs to poland '' or let me try that . 
  `` lithuania belongs to russia '' . 
   makeprussiagreatagain you mean baltic , right ? 
  i 'd say that we actually got quite some things in common . 
  kind of crazy that even newsstations mixed that up, 
  i 'm kind of surprised that malta is so much up there . 
  not that i 'd have anything against malta , not at all , but i have never met anyone from there ... have you ? 
  i expected this to be a real thing : /, 
  the russian 1 and 3 special infantary brigade also fought on the western front , in and for france . 
  was n't it some illegal village without electricity and stuff ? 
  have a romanian neighbor , can confirm . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://img01.lachschon.de/images/91413_meanwhile_in_bulgaria.jpg ), 
  are there many lithuanians in ireland ? 
  heard about england , but not about ireland yet . 
  thought it 's more a polish destination . 
  yeah i shake my head everytime i think about france in ww2 ( well the soviet tactics took quite some time to get updated , but i blame it on losing most of the higher up military man thanks to some great leader * cough * ) . 
  i think it is to mark the one revolution that lead to democratization of france . 
  in a historic view there were quite a few french revolutuions , but people mostly talk about that one . 
  i know a few turks who eat it ( or have eaten it ) , but i think it 's more a how you grew up type of thing . 
  ( for example many if not most of the jews from the former udssr eat pork too ( also a `` taboo '' for them ) ), 
  actually lithuanian or russians from lithuania ? 
  ( btw . 
  georgian looks so strange , but kind of pretty cool . 
  even tho i ca n't read anyting at all ), 
  what exactly do you mean ? 
  picking russias offer instead of the eu one ? 
  the one even western economic experts agree was way better for ukraine than theirs ? 
  oh there you are . 
  good to see you joe . 
  because he was n't , like lukashenko . 
  it 's just people on here want to believe whatever fits their narratives . 
  maybe the person that did this chart knows something we do n't ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there is .
