do yourself a favor and do n't try it the other way round lol, 
  ah cool . 
  i 've only been to bigger airports and you have to be there 2 + hours earlier ... 
  i 've actually seen people from germany saying something similar . 
  we only attacked the sovjet union in self defense !, 
  lol, 
  well bela means white and rus well you guessed it :p, 
  how much time is spent on the airport as well ? 
  am russian can confirm, 
  that it was an dumb and unnecessary war ( also part of ww2 like i said in the other post , not sure if it was n't clear ) . 
  should have probably mentioned the finish-sovjet war as well ( which i aslo count as part of ww2 ) , maybe it would have looked less biased . 
  well whatever . 
  what 's done is done . 
  i 'm sorry , it was already late at night and i was more or less on my way to bed lol well i got downvoted to death so whatever :p, 
  hey mate . 
  since i was talking about poland doing a similar thing , do n't you guess that i agree with you ? 
  expect for the part of poland that was taken prior away from belarus and given back after the annexion ( plus wilnus to lithuania ) . 
  the other parts of poland should have never been taken . 
  we 're talking about the second world war now , not the situation right now . 
  btw . 
  why was my last comment downvoted so harsh ? 
  what did i say that is n't true ? 
  just no . 
  those events i mentioned happend right before the other events and are obvious key factors/part of the war . 
  or are you tellng me a nation can just rump into another nation with their whole military and take it by force , but it would not count as war if they have not declared it ? 
  that 's just silly ... 
  your point is what exactly ? 
  i did not say that lithuania was stronger . 
  i just do n't see them being so weak that they would be simply swallowed by poland , what kinda happend over the time of the commomwealth . 
  well it 's not like i would n't benefit of a strong partner . 
   when i pick a tiny northern german state i always partner denmark ( so you get sweden and norway right with them lol ) . 
  anyways , nice talking to you and thanks for the info again . 
  i know , i should and i will . 
  ( btw . 
  i pretty often side with you guys in eu4 , if you know that game lol ), 
  thank you neiodas !, 
  i should read some more about it ), 
  i know too little about the polis-lithuanian commonwealth , at least not enough for someone who is into history lol . 
  so can you please explain to me , how poland became such a dominant partner ? 
  as far as i know lithuania was neither smaller nor `` weaker '' when they joined the commonwealth , but somehow poland took fully over ( more or less ) . 
  well poland invaded czechoslovakia prior with the nazis and even before that i would say japan started by occupying china and trying to get mongolia etc. 
  i only ever met one russian living in estonia so far and he did speak estonian, 
  from the udssr actually : , 
  sorry i did not get that . 
  i 'm still pretty new-ish to reddit . 
  i know you 're kidding , but most muslims in russia are from tatarstan < :, 
  no offense , but would n't it be pretty empty ? 
  like a fallout in eastern russia ... oh trees and trees and well maybe some bear :p, 
  polandball will love finland, 
  name me one country around those parts that is n't : /, 
  dude , your flair is hilarious ( not the flag , but the info ), 
  unfortunately this is the case with quite a few countries in eastern europe . 
  kinda offtopic , but i think the estonian language is pretty interesting . 
  just out of curiosity , but why are they called trolls ? 
  would n't propagandist or something like that be way more fitting ? 
  trolling is something different to me . 
  you missed out mate . 
  this happend between the us and russia a few times in the last 20 years . 
  also between other countries . 
  actually this happens way more often , it 's normally just not that public . 
  how is this news ? 
  i thought that was a known fact . 
  yeah but that was n't really finlands fault . 
   which you started and blamed us . 
  no i did n't d : and like i said it was a pretty shitty thing ... not on your part . 
  i would n't compare it with napoleon . 
  napoleon was more a butthurt situation because russia was n't supporting his anti great britain policy etc. 
  ( that could lead to a longer conversation , but i have to go in a few minutes ) . 
  the soviets were pretty obvious not prepared of a german attack . 
  if anything they were preparing to attack germany themself in a few years . 
  that 's why the blitzkrieg tactic was so effectiv early on ( well that and stalin killing a lot of the higher up military personal ) . 
  well regular finns had a better life than regular russians inside the russian empire , because you were comparable pretty independent and had better laws on rights etc. 
  and what exactly do you mean by : `` people like you '' ? 
  i actually think finns and russian would have a pretty decent relationships those days if it was n't for that dumb winter war ... 
  belarus is scary ? 
  having a non-aggression pact does n't mean you 're allied . 
  both knew they 'd go to war with each other sooner or later . 
   somewhat self-centered and we only think of ourselves . 
  kind of funny if you look at all those self centred japanese questions . 
  it 's probably because you were part of the russian empire prior to that . 
  those are still not all the countries , but nevermind . 
  gold ? 
  i know it 's been a while , but i have not been on reddit . 
  thank you anon !, 
  i want to say thank you to my parents , god and the potatoe salad i ate that day , it would n't have been possible without you, 
  poland and the baltics is not everyone . 
  in german it 's called : vitamin b b for beziehung aka connection/relationship, 
  lead by lukashenko, 
  i think he meant the pindos question . 
   that should have been the solution from the day 1 and how do you expect this would have worked out ? 
  there were way too many factions involved ( still are ) to get a halfways decent result . 
  lol the turkish `` no-fly zone '' in northern syria , with stationed turkish military was an indirect attempt of getting new territory and never leave it . 
  and here i thought he was rolling his head on the keyboard, 
  manga are also pretty big in germany and russia, 
   enko - ko no those are ukrainian endings ( like - chuk ), 
  agreed . 
  not a fan of obama , but hillary , the trumpster , cruz ... god no , keep obama . 
  it 's like everybody has a different view on what is east , but serious , you ca n't be more central europe than the czech rep. 
   if there 's one thing that eastern europe loves is refugees from the middle east . 
  and wars , do n't forget the wars !,
