  i know , right ? 
  some of them ( quite a bunch on youtube , i ca n't judge the others ) even count the mongols as turks and everything they did as turkish . 
  because i only read his statement on reddit and am not even sure what he actually said , because i did n't watch/hear the interview, 
  but seriously , all in all you 're one of the strongest football nations out there and population wise you 're not all too big . 
  i do n't know why he does n't get playtime at wolfsburg tho . 
  he actually performed decent when he played , but even when their mainstriker was injured he barely got any time on the pitch . 
  i never said it was 50/50 or anything of the like . 
  i just said it was not completly russians to blame . 
  plus judging by your and my flag we 're probably both biased on that topic . 
  his name is n't easy to say for a russian either lol . 
  it 's a turkmenish ( or however you write that in english ) name . 
  yes i do . 
  tommason was fabulous in seria a , for some reason he did not work out in stuttgart . 
  shevchenko back in the days said he was the best striker he ever played with as teammate . 
  ps : but is n't bendtner pretty alright for your nationalteam ? 
  i mean he clearly could have been better , specially on club level , but i thought he did okay for the national team . 
   gazprom owns zenith yes , they also have some decent youth players , but they never give them a chance in the first team , so they either land in some 1 division teams ( 2 league in russia ) or waste their time as part of zenit and never playing at all ( this is actually a problem for all the bigger clubs youth players in russia , they do n't get any playtime . 
  expect for dynamo this season ... but they got relegated , so there 's that ) . 
  recently some moved to foreign leagues ( simonyan to fc z\u00fcrich and khodzhaniyazov to aarhus . 
  aw , i like the danish dynamite team since back in the ebbe sand days . 
  a shame . 
  they have academies and the one of spartak is pretty good actually , but i thought you meant the newer ones which got investment . 
  you really had badluck in the quali games . 
  strongest missing team after the dutch . 
  some were , but they 'll need time for results . 
  plus for example saturn did build a good academy , but saturn went bankrupt a few years later . 
  he said that the british are also to blame ( not for the stadium situation but for the things going on for days ) and if you look for the things eyewitness in / r/soccer wrote that were there you 'd know that the brits also did stuff . 
  do n't get me wrong , what those hools did is not excusable . 
  if you consider zhirinovsky and/or his son lebedev as sole representatives of russia i hope you do the same for other countries . 
  for example mccain and trump as sole representative politicians for the us . 
  i have no clue . 
  by whos standards ? 
  yours ? 
  excuse me , but i 'm not going to keep on with this ridiculous conversation . 
  i hope you 'll find someone to argue with , since you 're looking out for it and have a great afternoon . 
  you forgot persians, 
  am i a politician now ? 
  good thing you told me about it , thanks mate . 
  no fights ( well maybe some minor things ) , but nothing serious and no i do n't mean by `` russian standard '' . 
  that 's my second conversation with him and he is looking for any chance to find anything offensive even if there 's nothing , he will find something ... it gets pretty annoying . 
  not at all . 
  in one of the countries . 
  when people say in eastern europe they barely ever mean all of the countries for example . 
  i said : it was invented in the baltics . 
  thats pretty neutral and not saying it was your country and does n't differ much from `` someone from the baltics '' . 
  but you obvious look out for any chance mate . 
  i know . 
  i just did n't remember who it was and i was n't planning to even look it up , but you asked , so i had to . 
  ( ps : it 's also used in lithuania ), 
  this thread is / r/europe in a nutshell . 
  everybody is happy . 
  not because slovakia won , but because russia lost . 
  you mean the stuff that got invented in the baltics?lol, 
  and you 're great !, 
  specially considering how small your country is . 
  wikipedia . 
  ice hockey is more popular and even basketball is . 
  in the south ( caucasus ) is wrestling , not wwe style but the olympic way . 
  why do you guys downvote this comment ? 
  do you really think you know more about which sport is popular in russia ? 
  you are right , but russia closed more or less all football schools in the 90s , we had bigger problems so we lost more or less a full generation . 
  plus football is only the 3 most popular sport in russia . 
  turkish people count everything turkic as turkish ( tatars , kazahks etc. ), 
  but on a serious note probably : serbia , armenia , kazakhstan . 
  russia obviously / s, 
  best comeback, 
  i 'm not sure if you know what terrorism is . 
  country size does n't mean much in football . 
  i mean look at the dutch ... oh nvm . 
  well those guys normally fight each other ( i mean spartak ` fans ' vs. cska ` fans ' etc. ), 
  and they seriously train for those events ( fighting each other , not the euros ) . 
  for the stadium situation yes , for everything that was going on prior ? 
  there were more factions . 
   latvia or lithuania has been russias enemy number 1 or 2 , they keep saying that baltic states are fake countries and these territories belong to them sorry but this is absolute bulls * it . 
  expect for maybe zhirinovsky and some similar nutshells nobody says anything like this . 
  i do n't know what they show you in the news , but those things are not true . 
  try to look on it in a neutral view and now look at what russia possibly could gain and what the possible looses would be . 
  serious why do i have the absolute same conversation over and over and over and over again on here ? 
  name one what ? 
  in this euro or in general ? 
  i will not explain why the balts do n't have to be scared for the 30 time on europe . 
  on / r/soccer was at least one german wittness who said that the english were also to blame for some of the things that happend . 
  but still , behavior like that is not excusable . 
   and yet it still wants more ... not really , but keep being scared if you want to, 
   great vacation spot they actually were popular vacation places in the soviet union , just saying . 
  no thanks, 
  my father was wearing one friday lol ( serious ), 
   i thought it was a german thing . 
  it is, 
  man we played shite, 
  deutsche bahn trains last year were all in all late over one full year ( no joke ) . 
  you could probably have my kongo if you want to . 
  since i always crash out of the sessions anyways . 
  no it 's not . 
  in german and russian it 's also something like czech rep. , but shorter versions are also used . 
  but germany is a football giant too . 
  it 's all fine . 
  i did n't mean you , i mean whoever did it should rather say why he does n't agree instead of downvoting me . 
  for example the in the west for some reason really liked opposition guy navalny is an open racist and nutshell [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8ilxqieemg&amp;feature ), 
  and ?
