  there 's a lot of people here who are quite a bit older, 
  compared to having max . 
  2 % ( or less ) they did gain a lot . 
  first of all , it 's actually not a joke . 
  see him being born then makes `` us '' feel old , because `` we '' remember seeing this in the news etc. 
  stop making us all feel old, 
   suspicious agreed , after he joined gazprom ( in hindsight is what i mean ) . 
  but western europe ( specially germany ) wanted a direct pipeline without having to rely on ukraine and other countries for quite a while prior to it . 
   building nord stream obviously , for what he was rewarded with a top position in that russian state corporation . 
  and that is not positive for germany because of what exactly ? 
  ( okay , i was n't sure about iraq any longer , all i remember is that merkel went straight to the us and said sorry for germany not taking part ... ) . 
  this !, 
  the afd in germany , front national in france etc. 
  gain massive votes , because the other alternatives all went `` full retard '' together . 
  like no matter who you pick they 're all the same in topics like refugees etc. 
  unless you pick some right wing crap . 
  plus many are just `` protest voters '' i 'd guess . 
  so what exactly did schr\u00f6der do that was so pro russian during his time as chancellor ? 
  not going to iraq ? 
  well depends on the sarcasm . 
  i thought you were just naming a fact and i have absolutely no clue about any horse sports . 
  best choice we have right now . 
  ( before you down vote me , look at the other possible candidates and tell me that 's not the case ), 
  he might not be president anylonger , but he still makes the news . 
   fucking joke if only , they will be way worse than a joke could be . 
  most turks i knew back in the days were really pro erdogan , but i do n't have contact with many any longer , so i do n't know if they might have changed . 
  else i know some who absolutely hate him too , so there 's that . 
   were even shown on tv at that time in motherland . 
  maybe not all , but quite a few were . 
  well if i think about it ... they could have not showed anything of him at all if they would n't have showed him drunk . 
  did n't know about the turks in the us , but turks in germany and the netherlands had similar statistics . 
   facing a nearly unstoppable military france had a better equipped and bigger military than germany did ( to that time , not compared to the later german military ) . 
  the situation of the soviet union was a bit different . 
  they had a huge army , but almost all higher commanders ( and even many not all too high up ) were killed thanks to stalin ( with the expection of those in the far east who fought against japan ( zhukov for example ) . 
  that 's a pretty good summary , yes . 
  they obvious did n't mean the sport version but on a regular way instead of cars . 
  it is historicly baltic . 
  isis is not pro turkish . 
  they obvious will not say no to weapons or hospital help things , but they certainly are not pro turkey . 
  they run under different banners , because like always everyone wants to be the one in power . 
  so they have the same idiology , but they do n't want to be under the other groups command . 
  the population do n't wants to was meant to : we do n't want to be in charge anyway . 
  germany goes with turkey on syria matters , just to please erdogan so he 'll take more refugees instead of letting them go trought to germany , sweden etc. 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boris_yeltsin *, 
  maybe the population do n't wants to , but the main party pushing for a no fly zone in the north of syria is erdogan and his akp . 
  sorry for wrongly accusing you than , just all my comments on that topic got downvoted at once and it looked pretty suspicious . 
  that 's not true . 
  i was talking about al-nusra ( which are pretty much like daesh , expect for the name and that they fight each other ) , ahrar al-sham , imam bukhari jamaat and the likes . 
  turkeys support for isis on the other hand is more so to use them against the kurdish parts of syria . 
  yeah i think it 's really strange that france now has that stereotype , because of ww2 ( and maybe their colony wars ) . 
  up to this point they have more or less always been a very respected military force . 
  my german buddy once visited the us ( california , 11 or so years ago ) and they asked him if the germans still ride horses . 
  i heard he 's an alcoholic ... is that true ? 
  the czech jelzin ... ( i hope for you guys that he 's not the czech jelzin ) . 
  many turks living in foreign countries are really nationalistic . 
  just check how high their vote percentage for akp is . 
  this is not an only turkish phenomeno , it 's also the case with russians and probably many other nationalities . 
  are you serious asking this question ? 
  because turkey openly funds and supports enemies of the saa . 
  i really doubt erdogan would ever give northern syria back if he would be allowed to put security forces there . 
  do n't you remember the leaked phone call of some turkish politican and military ( general ? ), 
  1 year or more ago that were talking about a false flag action in syria so that turkey would have a `` reason '' to use it 's forces . 
  that 's like asking why north korea is not asking the us for help against south korea man ... serious . 
  ( thanks for downvoting , but i 'd like to hear any arguments ) . 
  this has nothing to do with `` russia stronk '' , but more with turkey supporting anti syrian goverment rebells . 
  so obviously the saa would not be all too happy with turkey medling even more in their country . 
  plus turkey is a pretty minor direct player in iraq as well . 
  yes you train kurdish forces there and stuff , but there is rarely any actual action going on between turkish forces and isis ( well because the iraqi goverment actually wants your army to leave the country for example ) . 
   killed/captured more isis members than whole european countries combined ( including russia ) i have doubts . 
  turkey mostly uses it 's artillerie against them and that 's not an all too effective way without and following ground attack . 
  unless you count the pro turkish rebel forces as turkey too . 
  like i said : who are you and what did you do to that poor fin ? 
  no chinese ( huawei etc. ), 
  phones ? 
  there are quite a few russians in london, 
   in german , those are actually the same word nonnen und krankenschwestern ? 
  i 've seen those ducks sitting in trees before . 
  like / u/zetzet said they can do those fly-jumps, 
  who are you and what did you do to the original finnish account owner ? 
  may the holy potato spirit bless you . 
  i was not excusing anything . 
  you people seem to look for any possibility to be butthurt . 
  all i meant is that those germans were not the native people of those lands and that 's about all i said . 
  plus those things happend before there even was a third reich . 
  if i would have a latvian ( or another , just an example ) flair you probably would have said nothing at all . 
   how absurd is that - that you find defense shields a threat to your national security ? 
  maybe you should check what type of defense shield that actually is . 
  a defense shield that can easily be used as offensive rocket launcher shield . 
   germans in kaliningrad the same germans that ethnic cleansed the region prior ? 
  not even a few t-72s laying around ? 
   germany did n't invade switzerland becouse every swiss has an armory in his home this and because they knew that switzerland would not attack them . 
  so they kept them for ` after winning ' . 
  kind of worked for switzerland . 
  privet ) here is [ rhaktor 's new one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/comments/4mo537/reurope_mp_game_3_session_3_the_traitors_dance/ ), 
  thanks !, 
  was n't sweden played by the trump this week ? 
  i 'll give it a go , but i do n't see why it would a problem . 
  i had youtube ( music ) going in the background ( the stronghold crusader ost ) . 
  i 'll give it a go , but i do n't really know what else i could do to get it fixed . 
  glad at least it worked for you this time,
