that is sad . 
  just do n't visit if you are a homosexual . 
  over regulation killing business , impossible !, 
  russian jihad never left . 
   ( we still use g3 from the colonial war ) . 
  time to upgrade to the ar15 platform . 
  we adopted the hk416 . 
  tbf , turkey 's place is in asia . 
  starting in the paris suburbs . 
  germans are still trying to punish themselves for what the nazis did . 
  it would be nice if they leave the rest of us out of it . 
  i do . 
  slightly relevant https://imgur.com/gallery/ixa3q, 
  swallow your pride , pablo . 
  english is the most important language today . 
  french checking in . 
  it wo n't be too hard . 
  not a fan of merkel , but i have no idea what you are blabbering about . 
  it has been proven that a stale baguette is as dense as depleted uranium . 
  we will find a way to weaponize them . 
  so much tinfoil nonsense . 
  you people do love your siestas . 
  he is being attacked for his pathetic political veiws . 
  ivan is hard at work . 
  only willing idiots will trust the russian government . 
  they always deny at first and in a few decades they will admit to it and praise the murderers as heroes . 
  thanks for saving our asses from the germans and the reds . 
  no just no, 
  whatever you say m8, 
   none of that puritanism here  you either have a very sheltered life or are blind if you believe that . 
  i do n't think we are the top dog of europe either . 
  germany is without question the top dog of eu . 
  uk is not the top dog of europe either . 
  at least sweeden is a `` humanitarian superpower '' . 
  excuse me , i just vomited in my mouth . 
  i am not a uk hater but you guys are n't the top dog . 
  america is the top dog . 
  do n't mind low discrepancy . 
  he or she is an overly emotional d bag . 
  dude you are acting like my ex girlfriend after we broke up . 
  `` you 'll come crawling back '' the funny thing is that we eventually got back together . 
  ivan , put down the vodka bottle . 
  putin wants his asshole licked . 
   what good have you done lately ? 
  i called the police on some `` youths '' that were harassing women . 
  they can and they should , but instead they chose to harass a passenger jet . 
  mostly corrupt/hypocritical party members . 
  much like this champagne socialist mp . 
  it kind of does if there are thousands of homeless people living in the street and the 1 % are living a luxurious lifestyle . 
  they are in the middle of empty airspace yet they chose to fly under a passanger jet . 
  that is harassment , ivan . 
   left wing nutjob . 
  a bit redundant, 
  have you ever shoved a baguette up your ass ? 
  yes , we are surrender monkeys . 
  what makes you think i am not hiding ? 
  i already have my white flag ready just in case . 
  you are right . 
  black hawk down , captain phillips , zero dark thirty , the kingdom , body of lies , munich , argo just to name a few of the top of my head . 
  competition is good , protectionism is not . 
  hopefully the eu encourages competition and not try to attack tesla . 
  tbh , his famine jokes were pretty hilarious . 
  lol , you are being too sensitive . 
  try drinking some guinness to calm your nerve . 
  why do n't you pull the potato out of your butthole and learn how to take a joke ? 
   you ca n't just label every comment you do n't agree with as `` racist '' . 
  its 2016 everything is racist, 
  and 3/17 cherokee . 
  how much vodka/krokodil can you buy after a day at the kremlin brigade ? 
  i new someone would end up blaming the jews . 
  go drink some more cheap vodka , ivan . 
  only krokodil addicts beleive russia is not a threat . 
  russia is threat to all of europe . 
  if it was not a threat eastern europeans would not have rushed to join nato . 
  lay off the krokodil , ivan . 
  it is rotting your brain . 
  why would nato be training to fight one of its members ? 
  lay off the vodka , ivan . 
  i mostly notice a decrease in power and acceleration . 
  just like with fifa we will have to rely on the americans to punish the criminals our governments are too afraid to prosecute . 
  it is obviously not worthless , but it has lost a tremendous amount of value . 
  i basically owe the bank more than what that piece of shit is worth now . 
  i have gotten a software update and tubes and it drives like shit now . 
  thousands of consumers were defrauded and the perpetrators are getting a slap on the wrist . 
  vw has too much influence in the eu and therefore will probably escape justice . 
  just like with the fifa corruption it will have to be america that takes the lead and punishes the criminals that we do not dare go after . 
  yes . 
  the eu leaders will realize that they have to listen to the will of the people . 
  hopefully we get over our butthurt with uk and stop going out of our way to try and hurt and embarass them . 
  that type of illogical action will hurt us in the long run . 
  he is spouting baseless accusations . 
   did you even read my comments properly ? 
  honestly , your english is hard to understand . 
  it 's legal to keep driving , but the value of the vehicle has plummeted and the performance of the vehicle has gotten worse . 
  tempting but i still owe the bank more than 10 euros . 
  banning french cheese , american porn hub , and now egyptian citrus . 
  is there anything that is not banned in russia ? 
  hopefully america makes vw pay dearly . 
  i was foolish enough to buy a vw diesel . 
  now i basically own a worthless piece of junk .
