holy shit donegal has joined uk !, 
  when did this happen ? 
  are you able to stay though ? 
  not that i have the money to live in switzerland but i thought eu citizens could only stay up to 6 months . 
  im not trying to be funny but what about the eurovision security ? 
  plenty of people at it and millions watching at home ... could be exactly what these terrorists want . 
  very suspicious ... 
  the empire and the eurovision wins were the glory days !, 
  if you know someone is getting paid less for the same job then that person should report it since its against the law . 
  that looks lovely . 
  might do this today . 
  bloody auto correct :\\, 
  i love a chip buddy on occasion , cant beat it !, 
  what a joke ( pardon the pun ) . 
  unfortunately the idea of a `` european military '' is something i dont see happening any time soon since quite a few countries have disputed territories , such as the falklands for the uk , and i do n't see the republic of ireland being in much support of an intervention if something were to kick off again . 
  however some sort of larger european territorial army would be nice to see but again with so many countries having different levels of military spending i could see member states complaining about how much money is being spent . 
  i agree though that it should be european troops . 
  its something i would like to see , to feed my personal ego and `` pride '' . 
  i have nothing against the americans but honestly we should stop depending on them for our defence but no one wants to do anything about it . 
  not only that but there is a war still going on in the eastern part of the country . 
  northern ireland is 17 , not 18 . 
  i 've always found this falklands `` issue '' funny . 
  argentina make a massive stink about it , we went to war over it ( a war my father was days away from going to before it ended ) , argentina lost , and they still keep making a stink over it , the people of the falklands voted on their status with 99 % wanting to remain british . 
  its not as bad as the news makes it out to be , its times like around the easter rising were tensions may flare but i think the worst is when its the 12th july . 
  personally i am sick of it . 
  i have lived in belfast / northern ireland all my life and it is a good place to live when shit does n't start hitting the fan over something so trivial . 
  a few years ago the city council decided not to fly the union flag every day and only on certain public holidays . 
  then all of a sudden these so called `` unionists/loyalists '' went mental and started rioting and now there is some camp up in twadell as protest to the decision and its just a shithole and a waste of police time/money . 
  the silly fucks dont realise there is a massive statue of queen victoria right in-front of the city hall . 
  but at the same time despite me saying its not as bad as the media make out belfast still has `` peace walls '' in certain areas to separate religious groups/communities . 
  its a joke , i think we are the embarrassment of the uk and of ireland because it only takes one stupid thing to kick certain groups off here . 
  edit : here is the supposed cost of policing this stupid camp http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/sunday-life/revealed-the-massive-bill-for-policing-twaddell-protest-34225267.html, 
  this had nothing to do with unionism these people were bigots and scum , nothing more . 
  you dont have to be a protestant to be in favour of the union . 
  i just cant believe this . 
   from loch ness, 
  racist ? ... . 
  stretching of the definition there i think . 
  its just a superiority complex that western europe has , a complex i do n't share . 
  its sounding more and more like moving east is n't a bad choice . 
  seriously . 
  what the actual fuck is happening with sweden ? 
  if you 're an eu citizen then yes . 
  you can buy it in most supermarkets here in the uk . 
  i 've been in favour for a federalised eu for a while but mainly for my own selfish reasons . 
  we are n't ready to do something as radical as federalise but first we have make sure the eu works as it is now . 
  because im sure poland is far worse than living in north africa ... 
  we can survive if there was more of a united front but there is n't ... and it will be the death of this continent and of the union . 
  this sounds more and more like an invasion ... 
  this is an absolute joke , i cant believe it . 
  yeah i live in northern ireland and sometimes i go to places that are very close to the border with the republic of ireland and despite still being in northern ireland i get can get irish signal and sometimes without realising . 
  i was in a place called warrenpoint , had an irish signal and was calling my mother about something not realising i had an irish signal and it ate through most of my credit . 
  its about time . 
  always thought `` roaming charges '' were a joke . 
   belfast is actually one of the wealthiest places in europe, 
  what an absolute joke . 
  to be fair i do n't think the uk leaving would affect how we travel between ireland . 
  with northern ireland being in the uk there 's some sort of agreement that allows freedom of movement and work between the uk and ireland . 
  i remember i had a jehovah 's witness come up to me trying to `` convert '' me , i was having none of it and she asked what religion i was raised and i said `` roman catholic '' and she goes `` well hitler was a catholic '' i just laughed at her and said he also wrote a fucking book . 
  have you ever been to an eastern european country ? 
  i 've been to czech republic , poland and hungry all of which have been quite lovely . 
  does it have shitholes ? 
  what country does n't but to say the whole country is shit us just pure ignorance . 
  because that union makes a sovereign state ... 
   it is n't hostile to the eu, 
  seems as if there is a lot of support for an islamist state so any hopes of secularism is over . 
  what the fuck was this ? 
  that last question ... 
  this is n't destroying its just time wasting . 
  this is the main problem . 
  if thus immigration crisis had n't of happened we would of stayed i feel . 
  what about the ni and wales team ? 
  lol . 
  this cant be real . 
  no matter the result this would of been the case . 
  he 's not half wrong though . 
  i 'm from northern ireland . 
  i 've been seeing these things pop up on facebook `` these people say we should remain , these say we should leave . '', 
  its like you 're equitable to someone because of how you vote . 
  load of shite this whole thing has been . 
  lol there would be no risk of the any kind of `` troubles '' kicking off , no one wants that . 
  it does . 
  roi , uk and channel island citizens can travel freely among each other . 
  i live in northern ireland and the border is non-existent , as i 'm sure you know . 
  i dont think much will change if we leave the eu ( not that i want us to ) . 
  id imagine there would n't be much of a change due the common travel area between the uk and roi . 
  broken britain . 
  there 'll be no border controls between us and the republic if we left . 
  well at least there is hope !, 
  do you think it will change anything ? 
  from what i have heard/seen any kind of objection or even questioning the mass immigration you are seen as a `` racist '' . 
  are the swedish people really going to elect someone who dares question this immigration policy ? 
  because it seems to be engrained in the swedish culture . 
  now you 're just trolling and talking shit . 
  so i speak out against mass immigration and thats enough for me to be a racist ? 
  get over yourself , people like you are the problem . 
  i wouldnt be surprised if you are one of these people who are against borders . 
  sorry just telling how it is . 
  i dont get what you 're saying . 
  are you saying i 'm i racist because i dare to question the people coming over from the middle east ?
