why is n't this making the news here in the us ? 
  fucking 2 faced news . 
  their names , origin , pictures , and that their drunk is immediately identified . 
  it 's never the same the other way around . 
  and the best part is that the government will pay for it with your tax money . 
  demand all you want but hungary has a reinforced border with guards and lookouts . 
  you shall not pass . 
  not a single woman or child in the picture . 
  bunch of cowards refusing to stay home and fight . 
  you mean when people come together and protest they can actually accomplish something ? 
  replace it with this instead https://news.artnet.com/app/news-upload/2015/06/duane_hanson_tourists_2-e1435570367600.jpg, 
  i think this article is over sensationalizing it . 
  one might say she had some issues to begin with . 
  fyi . 
  it was not a shy timid video . 
  she was being tagged hardcore by two dudes ( if not more ) . 
  how is this off topic ? 
  it happened in germany by a migrant , which is big news in europe . 
  so mentally ill, 
  seriously ? 
  again ? 
  nobody is making the connections ? 
  you know , having the actual video in the article would 've been nice . 
  good !, 
  good . 
  he 's doubling down , like in blackjack !, 
  no wonder tourism is way down . 
  there 's a big difference in the contribution to the economy between eastern europeans and syrians , north africans , afghans ... across europe . 
  i do n't understand why the french police and/or military can not put a stop to this and protect the truck drivers . 
  it 's making them look incompetent . 
  i 'm actually surprised that it is being enforced . 
  it 's definitely a hidden gem . 
  since it 's not as easily accessible not as many tourist go here but it has a lot going for it . 
  transylvania , some of the best mountains , hiking , great food , cheap prices , and a lot of bears . 
  some guy from england called charles also bought a couple of compounds there . 
  take my word , it will be at the front of every ` must visit ' list within 10 years . 
  yes , i 'm hungry for greecy turkey , i always say . 
  it does and it 's scary as fuck : http://www.politics.ie/forum/current-affairs/250265-george-soros-open-society-foundation-what-do-they-do-dcleaks-pulls-back-curtain.html, 
  that 's the one . 
  they 're a victim of their own success . 
  there 's a documentary about it but i ca n't find it right now . 
  everyone in the city center is renting out their apartments to tourists so it does n't even feel like a community anymore . 
  last time i went in 2008 i was shocked at the hordes of people everywhere . 
  when i studied there in 2000 it was n't that bad . 
  definitely not muslim . 
  move on people . 
  there 's nothing to see here . 
  does anyone know why they are burning the cars ? 
  the article does n't say . 
  where 's hungary ? 
  she 's going to drive this train all the way into the wall . 
  i hate this title so fucking much . 
  sounds so innocent . 
  almost like there 's no more info and we do n't what 's happening . 
  it 's more like ` muslim migrants who pledged allegiance to isis behead a catholic priest in his church and stab multiple nuns . ', 
  transylvania is an undiscovered gem . 
  good stuff . 
  thanks . 
  i believe most english people can ( if they can ) trace their descendants back to a king if they go back far enough . 
  interesting how the world changes every couple of hundred years . 
  imho it is an invasion when people illegally enter your country not using the set up diplomatic processes . 
  my parents went through the same in italy . 
  we had to ` go on vacation ' from hungary while leaving everything behind and not telling anybody , not even relatives for fear of being found out . 
  went through the whole process in italy just to come to the west . 
  just 30 years ago no one would 've thought of this happening . 
  illegally crossing a border and not getting shot ? 
  i 've been to some of these cities in romania and noticed the architecture did n't look romanian but more germanic . 
  interestingly , the current president of romania , klaus iohannis , comes from sibiu which is a saxon city and mostly german speaking ( at one time ) . 
  more like abrakadabra or something . 
  i 'm sure he was psychologically disturbed . 
  thanks for the research and showing the truth . 
  this is nice . 
  they 've been a problem for over 17 years and nobody seems to care , including the police . 
  i saw people get pick pocketed on the subway and told them what was going on . 
  the pick pockets would just run off . 
  i saw purses getting stolen or being gone through in bars and told the employees who also did n't seem to care much . 
  they were afraid the migrants would come back and break windows , try to destroy the business . 
  i studied in bcn in 2000 , and have returned in 2003 and 2007 . 
  the tourism aspect has gone downhill every time with less and less authentic catalans in the city center every time . 
  barcelona is a victim of it 's own success . 
  i have seen thousands of people swarming through the gothic neighborhood to the point you can barely move . 
  i 've seen moroccans pick pocket non suspecting tourist on las ramblas with no police in sight . 
  i 've had to tell them to leave me the fuck alone also . 
  it 's not that . 
  there are only a small few millions of people that speak catalan fluently . 
  i understand that they are proud but i felt more welcomed in madrid , malaga , or even marbella . 
  are you serious ? 
  they push the catalan language upon you whenever possible . 
  going to get lunch at pans n company and using your 6 years of learned spanish ? 
  well , let me repeat your order to you in catalan so you do n't understand . 
  also , at the university of barcelona there were many professors that refused to teach in spanish , only in catalan . 
  moroccans are looked upon the same as gypsies , sometimes ( not always ) rightfully since they do the majority of the stealing there . 
  there 's also a movement there to get the city back from the millions of tourists that visit yearly . 
  barcelona is like a disneyland for adults now . 
  i agree with you 100 %, 
  because they know through their networks that sweden and germany will give them a lot more in monetary assistance , as compared to spain or portugal . 
  in germany , they can even register multiple times through fake names/nationalities and pick up the assistance until they are caught months , if not years later . 
  really , if europe would focus more on increasing the birth rate a lot of problems would be solved and there would be no need for refugees or migrants . 
  just 30 years ago , there were borders all throughout europe and some had soldiers manning them 24 hours a day and you would be shot of if you tried crossing illegally . 
  now we have gone the complete opposite way .
