do people even realize what 's happening in europe ( ukraine ) right now ? 
  i watch the news , you know ... 
  i would guess that 's country-specific . 
  * the * queen ? 
  there are several in europe , specify , please . 
  the jante is strong with this one ... ` william ' is ` hipster ' now ? 
  wow ... 
  why do hungarians love to point out that slovakia is a young nation ? 
  when did i call anyone racist ? 
  it 's very tiresome arguing with you when you constantly start talking about things i 've never even said . 
  i was talking about the importance of being rigorous when it comes to interpreting european laws and not making exceptions to the left and right because `` we feel like it '' . 
  my second point is that i feel very strongly for the rights of everyone to speak their minds , and it baffles me that people do not realize that if they accept a society where some people ca n't express their views , they 're putting themselves in the line of fire also , because not everyone might think that * your * opinions are democratic/w/e ( do note that * i * never said you were though . ), 
  note that *** i 'm not discussing immigration policies *** so please , stop spitting immigration debate facts in my face , you 're in the wrong discussion . 
  why are you bringing the conversation away from the topic ? 
  we were not discussing swedish immigration policies . 
  i 'm not the one making the decision of such polices . 
  you do n't know whether i support them or not , which makes your fact-throwing in my face completely pointless . 
  god damn this is a tiresome opinion . 
  i argue my ass off with leftist friends to let nationalists in sweden voice their opinions without harrassments and death threats and shit , and then i 'm a nazi , and then i argue my ass off on the internet trying to tell people that no , just randomly expelling people because of a combination of their opinions and ethnicity ( oh i 'm sorry , * culture * , since apparently it 's okay to be prejudiced about culture and not ethnicity , idfk ) is n't a ) doable and b ) morally justifyable , then i 'm a weak ass not `` showing people what 's right '' and bla bla . 
  people are just the same shit to the left and right , narrowminded fucktards the lot of you . 
  maybe we should just dump all nationalists , islamists and leftist on a fucking island so i wo n't waste my energy trying to explain what the fuck democracy means . 
  show them how ? 
  because i totally said i was for open immigration ... how about arguing with things i 'm actually stating instead of things you * think * are my opinions based on generalizations ? 
  freedom only counts when it protects people with agreeable opinions !, 
  who cares ? 
  people who like things called `` laws '' and `` ethics '' like me ? 
  what the fuck 's wrong with people who lack moral rigor ? 
  the way i intepret it , these guys have been disruptive and sometimes aggressive in their persuasion attempts and should clearly be shown that that kind of behavior is hardly acceptable , but holy shit , you ca n't just walk through life just being `` i do n't like people like that , i do n't want them here ! '', 
  being morally rigorous is about having morals that are consistent and fair based on the situation , not this childish b.s. 
  you are spewing . 
  and no , do n't give me this `` do you like islamism/isis/terrorism !? '', 
  no , of course i do n't , but i do n't think having a retarded attitude to basic law and order is gon na help anyone fighting it . 
  walking around and handing out leaflets hardly motivates expelling . 
  / r/europe seems to have been a pretty weird mix of eu-optimism and stormfrontism ever since i joined like a month ago . 
  i usually try to steer clear of it now . 
  hey , do n't interrupt the circlejerk !, 
  well `` lucky '' is exactly how i 'd describe sweden , but one can definitely be happy over luck . 
  not that everything that 's good to sweden is due to luck , but i think our 200 years of peace can be ascribed to it . 
  the point about the uk and france being drawn into the conflict to guarantee polish security is not the complete truth , it was at this time apparent that nazi germany was a dangerous and expansive country that inevitably would pose a threat more serious to france and the uk than it was in 1939 . 
  the difference is though that both france and the uk had the power to enforce their own security policy through different means than sweden . 
  sweden was just a lucky bastard to never be invaded and did what i think was the most sane thing in order to stay out of it . 
  when it comes to canada , australia , and new zealand i do n't know really why they chose to participate , i have always just presumed it was because of their membership in the commonwealth . 
  [ something wrong ? 
  ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/large/pictures/6c/26/6c2664_4984723.jpg ), 
  you just confused a volvo with a saab , are you sure you 're swedish ? 
  like * really * sure ? 
  can scania really be said to have been `` danish '' before 300 ad ? 
  germanic tribes in the southern half ( third ? ), 
  of the country , ish , probably finnic tribes along the coast of the northern parts , proto-sami hunter gatherers in the other areas . 
  this era also saw material and very possibly cultural changes influenced by the roman empire in the southern , germanic part . 
  during this period and the following migration period , religious centra seemed to shift from bogs and groves to temples . 
  people started building large halls , thrones , fortresses . 
  the variation in size of farm houses increased , the largest farm houses became larger , an indicator of increased social differences . 
  perhaps young men traveled to the roman empire to be hired as auxiliaries and came back with new influences and new attitudes towards society . 
  they had seen the centurions , generals , governors and heard about the emperor , they had seen a world where power came from individual , powerful men surrounded by a retinue of professional warriors , perhaps it was a slower , more ` seeping ' process that radiated from the germanic lands closer to the roman border , but possibly it was a combination . 
  runes were first used probably in the borderlands between the roman empire and germania and would in time spread to scandinavia . 
  the runic alphabet is almost a copy of the [ old latin alphabet ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duenos_inscription ) . 
  so in general , a `` latinization '' of the scandinavian culture was going on , kind of how the 20th and 21st centuries are heavily `` americanized '' . 
  it was n't an assimilation or simple `` copying '' of latin culture , but latin culture was absorbed , combined , interpreted and fused with already existing customs into a new culture , and this culture would later `` give birth '' to the germanic cultures of the migration period and viking age . 
  which is pretty fucking sad . 
  you lose your ethnic identity once you do n't live up to a massive , negative stereotype ? 
  ah the space buses . 
  i turn into a giggly little girl every time i get a chance to ride one . 
   long answer : homosexuality was once socially unacceptable and thus it was punishable . 
  it became socially unacceptable due to multiple reasons and thus it was no longer punishable . 
  that 's my point , why should my individual freedoms be at the whim of the majority ? 
  this is more of a question of principle for me , either you let the majority decide for the rest what 's okay and what is n't , * or * you have a base set of rights that not even the majority can affect , no matter how much they hate it . 
   so , individual rights should be guarded and protected . 
  why are n't you protecting/guarding my right to threaten someone with death ? 
   there 's a boundary of individual freedom that should be guarded , and that boundary stops at displaying isis flags . 
  displaying an isis flag is legally and logically not a death threat , and saying that it is * kind of * a death threat since isis are extremists is not a proper motivation . 
  the problem is also that you assume that there 's always an easy answer to what is extremism and what is n't . 
  people in europe are already pointing fingers to the left and right and identifying `` fascists '' sometimes amongst the ranks of nationalists , sometimes islamists , sometimes left-wingers . 
  this is a dangerous development . 
  what happens when a relatively large nationalist movement - say the bnp in the uk for instance - is labeled `` extremists '' ? 
  then the voice of a relatively large portion of society becomes silenced just because the majority is uncomfortable with their opinions . 
  and what if we turn the scenario around , and nationalist hardliners all across europe gain more ground and * they * start deciding what is extremism and what 's not ? 
  i could easily imagine the feminist party of sweden being labeled `` extremist '' by a hard-line nationalist movement , and so would many of the far left-wing parties . 
  and will it stop there ? 
  how do we know that the definition of `` extremism '' wo n't start to creep into the political mainstream ? 
  are n't the social democrats of sweden extremists in the eyes of nationalists because of their vigorous defense of a liberal immigration policy and opinion that nationality and ethnicity are nothing but social constructs ? 
    besides , i 'd say waving any symbol i 'd like is freedom of speech . 
   and we 'd say it 's not . 
  then what * is * freedom of speech according to you ? 
    ... one could also easily reason that the suppression of their rights to express themselves will further radicalize them and make them paranoid , increasing the risk of terrorist attempts by them . 
   that 's funny because none of their rights is being suppressed . 
  that 's funny because you assume they think like you . 
  besides , i 'd say waving any symbol i 'd like is freedom of speech . 
  ... one could also easily reason that the suppression of their rights to express themselves will further radicalize them and make them paranoid , increasing the risk of terrorist attempts by them . 
  i 'd say , let them say what they want to say , but it 's the security police 's duty to keep any groups potentially dangerous to national security under surveillance . 
  as long as they 're not planning to cause any harm , let them throw their fits . 
  getting angry at someone you disagree with does n't motivate a ban , not to mention deporting european isis supporters to syria would not be a good idea , since many are not even * from * syria , it 's just dumping a european problem on the undeserving syrian civilian population . 
  i also think isis are fucking cunts , the whole lot of em , and it baffles me how anyone would want to support them . 
  still , temperance is a virtue , and i think it 's good to remain true to the moral principles of democracy and liberty . 
  yup , probably rural tribal societies in the southern 3rd of the country , and hunter-gatherers in the remaining area . 
  democracy in the modern sense ( and the original commenter , / u/alanlolspan explicitly said `` liberal democracy '' ) does n't mean `` mob rule '' . 
  individual freedoms * must * be respected and guarded , that 's what freedom of speech i all about . 
  afaik , the netherlands also has freedom of speech . 
  democracy is n't supposed to be convenient or comfortable for the masses , that 's easy to do . 
  most societies in the world accept differing opinions within a certain spectrum .
