  there was a referendum planned to decide this shit btw . 
  there 's even something in the changes that will make sure the justice minister wont be indicted for anything ( there were some ways he could get in trouble for passing these ) this could get really ugly . 
  it 's interesting that one lackey in the media said yesterday that live ammo can be used against protesters . 
  they were painting us as foreign agents , terrorists , literal nazis , soros shills , that we were doing a coup and literally a mineriad ( coming from the ones in power from the same groups who actually organised the mineriads ) . 
  he probably knew what will happen . 
  there should be some english articles popping up soon . 
  this is the 3rd time they tried this stuff and now it worked . 
  almost every year they tried to pass these things . 
  now tho they had a lot more support from other media ( there 's a lot of crooked media with their own legal problems ) and politicians that were supposed to be some kind of rivals but they now allied under the same front . 
  ie those of ex president 's basescu who were supporting the justice system but flipflopped when they too were having problems . 
  edit basescu quit from politics a few minutes ago . 
  a journo mind you the first time they tried to approve it there was a rumour just a day or two before cuz they try to be sneaky, 
  also who needs house of cards when you got this shit going on :d, 
  there 's a rumour that the ordinances are being modified tonight ( in an even worse way ) and that they will try to push it at tomorrow 's meeting while the president is out of the country, 
  it says at the bottom of the site  eu vs disinformation this website is part of a campaign to better forecast , address and respond to disinformation . 
  the campaign is run by the eu 's east stratcom task force . 
  the team was set up after eu heads of state and government stressed the need to challenge russia 's ongoing disinformation campaigns in march 2015 . 
  apparently it has something to do with gotland and another area denying a gazprom pipeline towards germany, 
  another donald troll trying to divert attention from issues with russia, 
  surprise . . the populist movements are scams, 
  putin 's, 
  meanwhile it moans about solidarity with the rest of europe, 
  why are you playing dumb all the time when it comes to russia ? 
  64 % upvoted hmm, 
  eastern sd is very conservative, 
   if psd vastly improves the lives of poor people , i will be glad . 
  i am skeptical , that 's it wont . 
  it needs poor voters dependent on gifts from the state . 
  it 's called the ` captive voterbase ', 
   but i do n't see him trying to pull us out of the eu like le pen does . 
  give him time he only now is switching to the orban type politics, 
  they are learning to camouflage it . 
  not openly the last guy who was running that party ( but who is still influential in it ) was very protective of lukoil when it started to be investigated for tax evasion . 
  his mentor who also led the party a longer time ago and is ex-pm just like him is very openly pro-russian . 
  there are others in this network of influence connected to voice of russia and dugin . 
  open corruption, 
  haha you just have to spin is as being again soros or some other conspiracy and the russia stuff will be ignored look at the gop or fidesz  and we face economical suicide ? 
  you make it sound as if they lose something personally  ) as if they are responsible people who wouldnt fuck up the country for their own interests . . as if they never did that before, 
   i doubt he 'll go full anti-eu you watch him . 
  he has no reason not to go further when he knows the tide is in that direction . 
  it showed to work for him . 
  for others of his type in the rest of the world too . 
  now is the time for him to push further and opportunists know this . 
  it 's mostly a meme now he depended on psd 's media for exposure to raise his new party . 
  lel the crooked love trump . 
  they can do anything they want from now on when it comes to rule of law/etc . 
   no , russia is highly unpopular in romania so every big party is pro-eu i have big doubts about psd 's real views when it comes to those psd 's own rhetoric for this campaign was the usual euroskeptic one you see with le pen and others, 
  on the bright side a new ` trump ' / jobbik type party filled with crooks craving immunity fails to enter parliament . 
  though it was mostly used as a proxy by socialdems ( some sort of trickery to bring the radical voters but their ads featured politicians still in psd so people thought of them and the votes went to them ) / / edit it 's actually 3 of those kind of parties that failed a new moderate/reformist party gets ~ 10 %, 
  surprisingly that link doesnt redirect to the_d, 
  nobody really is actually the liberals are more left than them ( who are supposed to be center-right ) unpr 's only official ideology was that of the ` state 's interest ' and was headed by some old crook connected to the commie secret police ( who is now investigated for manslaughter and abuse in office ) which is just bullshit . 
  now they were absorbed by a ` center-right ' minor party ( lead by someone who was supposed to be against people like him but he flipfloped ), 
   yeah but social and democrat , they must be good . 
  problem is that in practice they are far from that so it tricks lots of outsiders who arent familiar with them, 
  bad news for gazprom ? 
   r/the _ donald posters and russians themselves could easily be the same people  ) i saw lots of russian memes there and some obvious russian propaganda during the elections there 's also http://www.businessinsider.com/russia-internet-trolls-and-donald-trump-2016-7, 
  there 's quite a soros craze there because of the elections . 
  it 's kinda funny because soros is largely irrelevant and anyway actually more connected to the accusers . 
  but muh eu is a corporate puppet, 
   on an obscure website which after the backlash now pretends to be some kind of satire site but its obviously another fakenews site connected to a local politician, 
  yeah electronic payment is great against tax evaders, 
   the numbers are artificially kept low . 
  same everywhere tho, 
  it 's older http://blog.andriylesyuk.com/ruscism-or-russian-fascism/ https://web.archive.org/web/20141219153613/http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ruscism#history, 
  the usual suspects are always on cue, 
  the darkest example of state support for pseudoscience comes from the period between the 1930s and the 1960s . 
  that was the heyday of a biologist named trofim lysenko , who became a darling of joseph stalin . 
  lysenko was everything the dictator wanted in a scientist : a plain-spoken man from a peasant family , eager to put science to work for the people . 
  appointed to head the soviet agricultural academy in 1938 , lysenko went on to set soviet science and agriculture back decades by promoting baseless ideas , including methods for transforming rye into barley , and insisting that schools reject mendelian genetics . 
  what might have been a scientific debate between geneticists and agronomists like lysenko who rejected natural selection turned into something else entirely with stalin 's overt support for the latter . 
  the government amplified lysenko 's slander against his opponents ( state media discredited geneticists as `` misanthropic fruit fly lovers , '' proponents of eugenics and imperialism ) , and hundreds of russian scientists who challenged his ideas were sidelined , exiled , or killed . 
  the most famous victim of what came to be called lysenkoism was russian ethnobotanist nikolai vavilov , who dedicated his life to eradicating famine and created the world 's largest collection of plant seeds in st. petersburg . 
  vavilov came to be highly critical of lysenko 's ideas , however , and as a result was labeled a traitor and died in prison in 1943 . 
  lysenkoism was summarily discredited , and the taboo on genetics discarded in the 1970s and 1980s , after the departure of soviet leader nikita khrushchev , a lysenko supporter . 
  meanwhile , vavilov 's name now graces several prestigious russian institutes , including the institute of general genetics in moscow . 
  in recent years , however , lysenko has crept back into the realm of respectability , riding on the coattails of the rehabilitation of stalin himself . 
  in 2014 , a book that was at least partially sponsored by a state grant from the ministry of communications -- titled two worlds , two ideologies -- represented the argument between lysenko and opponents as one between `` patriots '' and `` national traitors . '' articles praising lysenko appear regularly today in national newspapers : one 2015 article in the newspaper kultura erroneously said , `` agricultural methods developed by the academic are still used in the entire world . '' it continued : `` if one were to analyze facts objectively , one would have to say that lysenko was without question an extraordinary man . '' `` pseudoscience exists in all countries , but it is like cancerous cells : a healthy organism rejects them and does not let them grow , '' said svetlana borinskaya , a geneticist who works at the institute of general genetics . 
  `` a sick organism is not able to react . '' there are signs in russia that the cancer is taking hold : an annual study by the higher school of economics , a research university in moscow , found in 2015 that the number of russians who felt that science and technology bring more harm than good was 23 percent . 
  the ratio of positive to negative views of science places russia 30th out of 31 countries in a ranking of how much they value scientific progress ; the study called it a `` worrying signal . '' `` even educated people are starting to talk about reptilians that have taken over and are plotting in the world government , '' borinskaya said . 
  the influence of such ideas on russian society has been strong enough that one news website , gazeta.ru , has created a special subsection in its science department called `` obscurantism '' to expose fake science . 
  `` pseudoscience and obscurantism harm real researchers and harm the public , '' said gazeta.ru 's science editor , pavel kotlyar . 
  `` they harm the elderly babushkas who absorb the nonsense about various health gadgets and water filters . '' russian scientists have begun to fight back . 
  in addition to the pseudoscience academy award and several independent popular science projects , a group of online vigilantes has been exposing widespread fraud in russian ph.d. dissertations since 2013 as part of a project called dissernet . 
  the practice is widespread in the social sciences , andrei rostovtsev , one of dissernet 's founders , told me . 
  the fake dissertations are then defended in corrupt dissertation councils in what amounts to a vast criminal business that has impaired entire fields , particularly economics . 
  many of these fraudulent dissertations were produced by people who go on to become parliamentarians , rostovtsev said . 
  others serve the kremlin as politically convenient `` experts '' : after malaysia airlines flight 17 went down over eastern ukraine in july 2014 , for instance , moscow brought out of them , ivan andriyevsky , on state television to back up its theory that mh17 had been shot down by a ukrainian fighter jet . 
  andriyevsky showed a crudely altered satellite image of a plane to a reporter as evidence . 
  a few days later , dissernet looked into his dissertation and found that 17 of 26 pages in the work on russia 's defense industry , for which he received a ph.d. in economics , had been copy-pasted from other work , with heavy plagiarism on most of the other pages as well . 
  rostovtsev describes dissernet as a symbolic tool for russia 's legitimate research community to maintain its reputation and build solidarity but doubts it will help hold any russian officials directly accountable . 
  the same is likely true for the academy 's pseudoscience award , whose trophy shows a sad reptilian creature posing like the thinker and sitting atop an egyptian pyramid . 
  a few days after the pseudoscience ceremony , i called the organizer , sokolov , to ask if irina yermakova had yet to collect it . 
  she had not . 
  by maria antonova, 
  its allowed because it 's not paywalled if you close the pop-ups it lets you read the text anyway here it is for you ----- russia has a proud history of scientific inquiry and advancement . 
  now the kremlin is investing in academic kooks and conspiracies . 
  moscow -- the award ceremony had all the trappings of legitimacy : a trendy loft venue not far from the kremlin ; a rapturous , inquisitive , and mostly young audience ; and a jury made up of top scientific minds . 
  the prize at stake , however , was not about whose research had been the most cutting-edge or who had made the greatest contribution to russian science that year . 
  the jury , instead , was charged with determining who had been most successful in `` bringing the light of ignorance to the masses . '' those voting cast their ballots into a tin-foil hat . 
  in the end , october 's inaugural `` honorary member of the pseudoscience academy '' award went to irina yermakova , a biologist and regular commentator on russian national television .
