   other scholars , he says , see the conflict along different lines , where putin himself divides the west into two camps : the anglo-saxon states ( the us , the * uk * , canada , australia ) and the first-line states ( the baltics , poland , * romania * ) . 
  according to this approach , there can not possibly be unity between the anglo-saxons and the first-line countries . 
  and that would be why farage is putler 's admirer . 
  they have common interests . 
  this site 's pages look bad but no other link yet ( news is pretty fresh ) here is text http://pastebin.com/vwxjmrmb we 're going through some kind of [ mani pulite ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mani_pulite ) here ( check this may [ report ] ( http://www.anticorruption-romania.org/home/news-from-romania/176-over-850-romanians-convicted-for-corruption-ministers-mps-judges-mayors-prosecutors ) for more info ) tldr ex-ms ( 3libdems in opposition and 1unpr 5psd in power ) of 4 different governments have paid way too much for microsoft licences and bribes are ~ 60m euros the contract was first signed by n\u0103stase 's cabinet ( who went to prison 2 times in different cases and who might be called for questioning in this case ) senate speaker and presidential candidate t\u0103riceanu could also be called because he was also pm back then and had some of these ministers under him another similar case for buying licences from siveco ( a local company i think ) this could be the biggest case since the bechtel [ one ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/comment-the-bechtel-contract-in-romania-a-very-scary-story/100686/ ) when we paid over 1b euros for 54kms of highway in which , btw , iirc nobody got sentenced  the dna sent requests to the european parliament , romania 's presidency and also to the senate and chamber of deputies to ask for their approval to start prosecution , i 'm 99 % sure that our parliament ( mainly the ones in power , they have something like 60 % strength ) will deny the requests , as done already in other cases , even though elections are coming very soon and this will hurt them . 
  yeah china is loving this, 
  there were polls from months ago that also showed that the people there do n't think much like the rebels and that it really is a minority thinking that way, 
   lowering the bar of entrance exams to universities for roma applicants to give the population some role-models but i do n't know if it was implemented . 
  we have this here . 
  somewhere under 1k free spots ( in all kinds of unis ) that do n't require taking more exams . 
  i dunno how effective it is . . 
  i do n't remember seeing any gypsies at my uni . 
  there are a lot, 
  reminds me of communism patriotic songs about the dear leader, 
  what great timing great excuse, 
  did gazprom cut hungary 's gas ? 
  if no then you did n't understand what i said, 
  is he worse than le pen ? 
  from what parties ? 
  they could do it but only short term maybe weeks, 
  speculation ? 
  it 's pretty open https://www.opendemocracy.net/od-russia/anton-shekhovtsov/kremlin%e2%80%99s-marriage-of-convenience-with-european-far-right putler has the same interest with these because they are all against the eu and the us even here there 's something starting to develop ( in polls we are among the most prowestern and antirussian in the eu but that might change in the next years ) but we do n't yet have groups like these relevant in politics which is very rare in the eu ( only us and one of the baltics i think ), 
  i hope they do it it will affect it much more than sanctions and it will make the eu more determined to look for other energy sources / / winter is coming so expect more blackmail from russia i doubt they would do it to germany , hungary and some other members . 
  i 'm guessing that this has something to do with russia 's gas threat to cut off gas to the eu because gas is resold to ukraine, 
  who 's not allowing them that ? 
  they do n't want to westernise , they are actually going more and more autocratic . 
  who 's doing that but themselves ? 
  they just have a whole different thinking  how about opening the country to trade and investment you ca n't do that when they deserve sanctions, 
  yeah especially if it happened recently like with strelkin it 's like they get activated for something more special, 
  such paranoid politicians would still find it worth legislating, 
  for the regime it is worth it because the risk of losing power is too big then foreign own media = less control from moscow which is now much more important than usual so media control is crucial the economy has never been an important subject in russia and anyway they have other ways they prefer to use to make money . 
  also , people are used to hard times . 
  * former *, 
   also we will have to take a more defined stance with russia if we want to join eu . 
  or just delay this as much as possible until the eu becomes prorussian enough for it to not be a problem, 
  more than half the people are for it and all parties too but a lot can change in 5 years, 
  we might join sometime around the end of the decade, 
  my favorite greek movie is the zorba one, 
   he is planning his strategy for world domination ( lol ) neo-ottomanism ? 
  it reminds me of russia 's new eurasianism . 
  i kinda feel that these 2 will become allies in the future . 
   while trying to not piss anyone off . 
  which is why he does n't close the option to join the eu . 
  appearances matter until it gains enough power or w/e * right timing it would like, 
   putin wo n't attack any nato state otherwise it would be ww3 i wonder if article 5 would mean anything if putler tries the same tactic from ukraine in one of the baltics i kinda doubt it and no ww3 then, 
  nope btw they are treated much better than romanians in hungary, 
   he must be out of his fucking mind if he thinks europe needs his kind . 
  he does n't his interest is n't with the eu ( or the us/nato * ) but with the middle east, 
   but those thousands have families and friends who will know this happened if they are really that many then the word will spread fast im guessing this is why putler wants to cut off the internet there ? 
  i wonder if the dislikes on the video there are from putinbots, 
  one reason is that the constitution does n't allow it it must be changed first most politicians had interest to do so a couple years ago ( it had to do with decentralisation mainly iirc ) but the referendum failed because too few turned up ( and anyway that kind of ethnic criteria based autonomy still would n't have been allowed with the new one ), 
   i wonder if the hungarian gov would ever agree to give the romanian minority the same rights we give to them . 
  never, 
   and i 'm on board with that , me too , just so i can see it fail . 
   and they are among the poorest in the country ; afaik they are average economically and they do depend much on what they get from the state . 
  most of the country is n't very productive , i mean i think they get more from the state budget than they give . 
  their income is mainly from potato farming and some tourism . 
  there 's also a lot of woodland cut ilegally by their own people . 
   the only reason why this is pushed mindlessly around is the hungarian party . 
  udmr ( the main magyar party , often part of government like now and with lots of mps ) relies on geting 5 % of votes . 
  they are having more and more of a truble geting there ( there a 5 % limit in elections for parties ) partly because of competition with a more radical , local magyar party so they have to come up with things like this . 
  there 's no real way that area can be separate and btw their plan is for autonomy which is n't legal because our constitution does n't allow that on ethnic criteria . 
  it 's just for votes , really . 
  elections coming soon . 
  the us just to piss off moscow, 
   btw , i have no idea about dota , never played it , but i did n't encounter such problems in wow . 
  mobas tend to have some of the worst communities, 
  or already ` accidented ', 
  will we see her after some years geting a top post in gazprom ? 
  we have that too ho\u0163ul strig\u0103 -- ho\u0163ii !, 
  hey that 's per post it adds up nicely if you spam enough ok it 's more like a part-time thing and consider that it does n't take much time to do this i mean maybe you do 20 posts in half an hour and that 's what , 40 bucks ? 
  not bad i bet the bots are mainly youngsters from the party youth organisations looking for pocket money ( we 've got our own bots here btw , some mps even admitted that this phenomenon is real so it looks like it 's kinda mainstream and going on in many countries ), 
  good enough here 's your 80 rubles, 
  they got enough fans in the west already . 
  some already kinda do it for free  ), 
  maybe they are n't humans maybe they are reptilians !, 
   here , even a prison sentence is not enough to keep them out of the parliament . 
  same here with this guy http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tudor_chiuariu his party did n't even drop support for him, 
  are * the ones in the caucasus geting ideas ? 
  conspiratards https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbjif7visqg it 's already on the conspiracy sub 221 upvotes atm, 
  lol, 
  i guess it 's because of all the military movements in the country ? 
  the sense of protection an army gives, 
  that seems to be it :\\, 
  typical whataboutism as if that would make it right and there 's a big difference there because the * states * of eu are not sending people on jihad . 
  meanwhile the * state * of russia * is * sending troops . 
   then you should n't start your comment with a ` bs ' . 
  yeah that really does mean one is angry or a kid / / i mean those guys are volunteers . 
  no shit btw . . blocking minority to block what exactly ? 
  most are n't so pretty, 
  the last edit was right after posting so i do n't see the problem the point is that none of this would have been an issue if you just did n't go invading politicians are the ones with decision power , that 's why . 
  i 'm not angry , nor am i a kid . 
  disturbed or annoyed would be better . 
  maybe it 's because they turn into tax havens ? 
  they were just making preparations, 
  safer ? 
  from who ? 
  the nazi gays ? 
  i can read very well , thank you . 
  they conducted the poll * in * russia .
