  preferably with mamaliga instead and pickled hot peppers ( fresh with spring cabbage ) for recipe i just googled ` varza calita recipe ' :d http://romanianfoodblog.blogspot.ro/2012/05/varza-noua-calita-cu-sunca.html, 
  varz\u0103 c\u0103lit\u0103 http://www.butterandcream.ro/retete-cu-carne/varza-calita-cu-ciolan-afumat/ one version is with minced meat but usually with different sorts of smoked meat or pork ribs , slanina people usually dont eat it without meat ( unless maybe its the very new and sweet kind of cabbage ), 
   some use just saurkraut , some takes fresh cabbage , others are mixing both . 
  here its either sauerkraut or fresh , no mixing, 
  wow 250 comments 15 upvotes the 4chaners on this sub got very triggered, 
  repost https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4bnzou/the_islamic_state_group_has_trained_at_least_400/, 
  1000 ppl is a normal sample, 
  nice a new right wing troll account, 
  we have some kind of bigos too but without shrooms and prunes can u show recipe link ? 
  . za is the internet country code top-level domain ( cctld ) for south africa, 
  if it wouldnt then people like you would just moan why the normal muslims dont respond, 
   `` we also informed the netherlands [ about this information ] , '' said erdo\u011fan . 
  why ? 
   in what may be the most representative event depicting the nature of these new islamist extremists , two british muslims , both 22 , purchased copies of islam for dummies and the koran for dummies in august 2014 just before they boarded a plane on the first leg of their trip to join isis fighters in syria . 
  this shows how representative they are of islam of course i got downvoted to the bottom, 
  lol :d, 
  full text : a glimmer of hope that the deadlocked minsk ii peace agreement could yet prevent a frozen conflict in the donbas is emerging in kiev . 
  ukraine previously blocked a proposal to hold municipal elections under ukrainian law in separatist-held territory before the end of june at a summit of the ` normandy four ' signatories to the minsk agreement in paris on march 3 . 
  this meant that , should the separatist authorities proceed with planned elections under their own laws in late april , the conflict would effectively be frozen . 
  equally , kiev threatened to hold a referendum on the question of granting the donbas autonomy which , if opinion polls are correct , would likely be lost , also freezing the conflict . 
  however , with kiev lacking an effective governing coalition and facing snap parliamentary elections , yuri boyko , leader of the opposition bloc political party , said on march 12 that he was in negotiations with president petro poroshenko over the implementation of minsk ii . 
  he said it was his aim to hold municipal elections under ukrainian law followed by the reintegration of these territories into ukraine proper . 
  in what appeared to be choreographed announcements , later in the day ukraine 's richest tycoon and major opposition bloc donor , rinat akhmetov , said he would `` do anything to stop the war '' in the context of minsk ii . 
  both boyko and akhmetov referred to a speculative article about the stalled minsk process published in the authoritative political magazine , mirror weekly . 
  that article referred to what has become known as the medvedchuk plan , after viktor medvedchuk a pro-russian but anti-separatist ukrainian politician who was president leonid kuchma 's head of presidential administration and whose daughter is president vladimir putin 's goddaughter . 
  this plan involves the political and commercial elite , which governed the donbas from the mid-1990s until president viktor yanukovich was forced from office during the euromaidan uprising in 2014 , returning to the region to oversee elections and its reintegration into ukraine proper . 
  it was speculated that akhmetov , who hails from donetsk city where he owns significant assets , could become the leader of the donetsk peoples ' republic ( dnr ) and boyko , whose wealth was derived from trading russian gas , could be appointed leader of the neighbouring lugansk peoples ' republic ( lnr ) . 
  while akhmetov might be considered as ultimately loyal to kiev , boyko it was suggested is trusted by moscow . 
  it was even hinted that the us government might tacitly endorse such a scenario . 
  if the flurry of speculation and press releases was intended to test public opinion then the proposal met with little enthusiasm and even indifference . 
  few of the euromaidan revolutionaries in parliament , the bureaucracy , the armed forces and in civil society took seriously the proposal which they regarded as an unthinkable betrayal . 
  after all if kiev was willing to entertain such a scenario what exactly was the war with its 10,000 casualties all about ? 
  nevertheless , mustafa nayyem , the opposition journalist turned pro-presidential mp who announced euromaidan to the world in november 2013 , considered the proposal credible . 
  the dnr 's militias have been protecting akhmetov 's assets in the region throughout the two-year conflict . 
  but moscow 's proxies flatly rejected the proposal , claiming a new well-armed elite had taken over the region and that akhmetov would be in danger if he attempted to return home . 
  igor plotnitsky , the anti-oligarchic leader of the the lnr threatened to arrest boyko given the opportunity . 
  it was not immediately clear whether the flurry of speculation over the weekend was born out of the opposition bloc 's and akhmetov 's fear of losing whatever influence and assets they have left in the donbas or whether it was a calculated disclosure of a plan that has been the subject of conjecture in political circles for many months . 
  equally , the detail associated with the plan , not least the relationship between rebel and government controlled territory in the donbas , remained to be clarified . 
  nevertheless , the medvedchuk plan should be treated with the utmost seriousness , however slim the chances of success might be , because it offers the best hope and last chance to reunify ukraine and give the country an opportunity to develop and prosper . 
  with poroshenko trying to form a new government to postpone elections , the opposition bloc and akhmetov seemed to be offering him a means not only to unblock minsk ii but also political support to resolve the ongoing political crisis . 
  however , were poroshenko to accept the opposition bloc 's and akhmetov 's support in the name of serving the greater national interest , thereby sacrificing support among his existing powerbase , he would shatter the post-euromaidan political landscape . 
  however , ultimately , and not withstanding its recalcitrant proxies in the donbas , moscow would determine whether the medvedchuk plan has a future or not . 
  it remains to be seen whether russia would make a positive gesture , such as releasing the imprisoned former ukrainian pilot nadiya savchenko , to explore the possibilities of the medvedchuk plan further . 
  the ball is now in moscow 's court . 
  adam swain is an associate professor of economic geography at the school of geography at the university of nottingham . 
  3 weeks old account just copy pasting the same comment, 
  its either a satire sub or a / pol / clone, 
  iirc bucharests is baghdad, 
  lol wut kind of blog is that ? 
  lucky putin the foreign press is now too busy with the belgium attack and this will get relatively little attention, 
  d'oh people dont like to invest in war torn countries, 
  weird found it in local shop for like 25, 
  now ? 
  no some time in the future ? 
  yeah , maybe . 
  explain the russification policies, 
  so where do i buy this game ? 
   well an eu army would go much further in terms of value for money spent , since you could pool purchases together and focus more on protecting the continent instead of having 28 unique stand-alone armies designed mainly for protection of one 's own borders , which do n't really exist anymore in many places . 
  btw between 2006 and 2011 eu governments spent around 20 percent of their equipment budgets on pan-european collaboration each year -- by 2013 this figure had fallen below 16 percent , according to the eda . 
  just over 2 percent of the combined defense spending of eu governments is spent on european collaborative equipment procurement . 
   why help people who hate you ? 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/database/indicator/1/survey/all/ there 's a positive rating in almost all nato countries http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/23/1-americas-global-image/ online propaganda and some very busy ` activists ' can make it seem different tho, 
  now putin needs new conflict to distract people with but he does n't have much money for that anymore, 
  did he really say that ? 
  maybe she got putins birthday wrong, 
  russia fears even georgia or ukraine, 
   he did not try to save his ally ( patriciu ) , his brother or his very close aid ( udrea ) from justice in public he does try to save udrea and otherwise i dont think he has much power which is the only reason he cant help some of his friends . 
   kovesi and morar are his doing . 
  he personally chose them from a list of young and ambitious prosecutors doubts are being raised now with morar about big cases involving people from his basescu 's clan that were n't worked on but are now, 
  kremlin approves, 
  china is much harder to bully, 
   it 's funny how people were raging and blaming pkk for every thing the last few days . 
  the last ones actually were their fault, 
   bulgaria shows that all the outside pressure does not result in commitment to fighting corruption . 
  one needs to explain the differences between the two countries and without political support at the top the difference would have been nonexistent . 
  yeah but i dont think he was the catalyst the guy won his first term on being against corrupt people of his opponent and surprise after he won power his group supported very much the crooks he criticised . 
   are you talking about nitu ? 
  this can not be blamed on him . 
  alina bica indicted in multiple cases involving millions of euros damages to the state, 
   what the hell is going on with the media , this is an unusual amount of erdogan/turkey hate it 's usually the same media if you notice anyway i noticed it this phenomenon increased a lot after russia 's conflict with turkey and the independent is russian owned, 
  why are his friends and relatives investigated in all sorts of cases then ? 
  even he spoke against prosecutors while was in power , named big crooks chief prosecutors and now when we lost immunity it has become much more obvious that he is against anticorruption he gave support only when he couldnt do much against and that because it looks good and its better than nothing, 
  yeah they 're from mars, 
   negotiations with the eu will be easier , as he is someone who went through that before . 
  doesnt matter since he did a 180 degrees turn on many policies including supporting the eu he turned populist overnight once he was out of office, 
   especially getting romania out of 2009 crisis the president here plays no role in that , he doesnt have executive power his puppet pm anyway delayed taking measures against the crisis for 1 year just because his presidentials were coming . 
   and setting the justice system on a straight path again no executive power and he spoke against the prosecutors and the system especially now after he lost his immunity the guy named a top tier crook chief of antimafia prosecutors, 
   black lungs and rotting teeth to grace german cigarette packs i think we had this for a while on our packs too, 
  the tzigan name is wrong anyway since they arent from egypt, 
   but yeah , the pc term is now roma . 
  how is it a pc term ? 
  its from their own language, 
  the rightwing on the internet is obsessed with sweden, 
  she 's right ask the neighbours of russia, 
   he 's very pro-union i think it 's more for show the guy has 0 principles , how come people forget this ? 
  elections are coming and he 's trying to sell a certain kind of image also if he hopes to be president of moldova as some speculate its because of the immunity it could bring him the guy 's relatives and associates are in deep shit and it 's only a matter of time until he too is indicted in more serious cases politically he is weaker and weaker here and he needs support from somewhere else now for his own future, 
  whos going to trust it ? 
   having a single institution to bribe and control is easier than dealing with the government of 27 countries . 
  ever heard of divide and conquer ? 
  id say breaking it apart would make it easier to manipulate , see what moscow is promoting,
