  it 's propaganda for his followers to show that he is actually good guy and wants cooperation he is right about things like common interests against terrorism but he is a big hypocrite and unreliable jihad ( in the caucasus ) is bad for putin but it 's ok to support other extremists in europe or sending troops to invade neighbours, 
   a local maidan is not even remotely close to happen . 
  those in power obviously think differently, 
  money for ukraine means ww3 ok do you have rt in france ? 
  i found that weird too maybe it 's because lots of them are from russia . . were n't there lots of jewish communists ? 
  i do n't see much difference between putinist russia and those ` shitty arab golf nations ' actually i may even like some of the golf ones more than russia diversification is still good regardless of where the gas comes from, 
   levada , the russian pollster , notes that putin 's approval rating is over 85 percent . 
  `` before the ukraine war , between 2008 and 2014 , the russian regime had a legitimacy crisis and lost one third of its support '' how beneficial war is for putin  the group of eu states pushing the project has grown to include germany , poland , the netherlands , and sweden . 
  their experts hold meetings in eu capitals , sometimes inviting us counterparts to join them . 
  but the enterprise faces internal hurdles . 
  one eu diplomat said the `` usual suspects '' - the same countries which oppose eu sanctions on russia , i.e. 
  cyprus , greece , hungary , italy , slovakia , and spain - say the project runs counter to eu values on media independence . 
  `` it was a battle , and it 's quite an achievement , that we 've got all the eu leaders to speak out on ` russia 's disinformation campaign ' . 
  we wanted conclusions that spoke of ` russian propaganda ' . 
  but some capitals did n't want to put ` russian ' and ` propaganda ' in the same sentence '' . 
  putin still has influence in the eu i wonder how strong sanctions would be if it was n't for that, 
   a relative calm in the ukrainian conflict will give rise to protest sentiments in russia , '' time for more tourists to come into ukraine then  gudkov believes putin will soon need a fresh escalation to prevent the newly achieved unity from falling apart . 
  yep  the new target will be those who are seen as agents of the external enemy : the relatively small but vocal and influential part of society that adheres to liberal values and favors integration with the west . 
  kremlin propaganda likes to refer to this group as a fifth column . 
  `` there will be more repression and more acts of provocation [ against dissidents ] , '' predicts gudkov . 
  so prevention of a euromaidan in moscow, 
  romanians are n't really religious . . just superstitious they have no problems mixing orthodoxy with astrology and some people even witchcraft, 
  i just like flair there 's no regional identity thing muntenia would be just ~ half of it btw, 
  kids want it too for the easy gained high grades, 
  ah so spending is going up by 5-6 % but as % of gdp it 's still 1.2, 
  recently the church paid for propaganda campaigns on tv channels . . :d mainly aimed at geting kids to opt-in for religion classes yeah that was all but symbolically the church saw that as a big threat so . . it did n't react well, 
  i do n't think cuba would mess around with that kind of stuff much now that they have reopened relations with the us . 
  ahaha russians complain about minsk agreement remember the budapest memorandum ? 
   we have respect the minsk agreement and every newspapers have acknowledge that . 
  it has n't been implemented so no, 
  religiosity in romania went down 8 % compared to last year because of some scandals with the church there are many reasons for religiosity to go down here ie priests saying during presidential campaing to vote with the pm because he is orthodox . . they even gave leaflets to people there are videos of that even in churches in the diaspora there are also problems with church financing which have attracted more and more attention recently the church is giving letters of praise to detained crooks ` good christians in service of the church ' for them to show to judges as reason to be released the crooks give the already very priviledged and rotten church lots of money ( in 2014 election year their funding was 3 times the normal one ) when others sectors like the medical one have very serious problems, 
   europe economic giant but not politically which may matter more we just have a bit bigger gdp but are still very fragmented, 
  our media said mud, 
   some extremists of theirs actually say that eminescu ( national poet ) was not romanian well the base name 'em in ' is eastern ( maybe turkish ? ), 
  and his dad 's name was emin ** ovici ** which is also foreign, 
  how much is that in % ? 
  lol http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/dec/07/nigel-farage-blames-immigration-m4-traffic-ukip-reception, 
  well this is new french flair for a new putinist propaganda account, 
  is it on votewatch.eu ? 
  i thought cooperation was suspended, 
  can i see how each mp voted ? 
  where can i see how each voted on the resolution ? 
   and they want to do it now , they want to do in bulgaria , in other countries , i wonder which are the other countries, 
   even the most rabid russian nationalist leaders do not envision romania to be part of the greater russian reich there is this nutjob https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2uaemn/dugins_vision_for_austria_hungary_romania_and/ russian nationalist philosopher aleksandr dugin has spoken about his vision of a russian-led eurasian union - which would include austria , as well as hungary , romania , serbia and slovakia . 
  the new president iohannis did say romania will protect moldova tho he was only president elect ( a week or two before actually geting the mandate ) when he said it  if romania 's proposal to exempt military procurement from the eu 's 3 % budget deficit limit had not been vetoed by angela merkel now i know who to thank in case of a war involves us . . it 's not as if we neighbour a warzone . . im not sure but i think we signed to the eu in 2011 that we will respect a certain small deficit 1 . something, 
  greece has money for missiles ? 
  biased but shows reality ? 
   / zionists continue genocide of civilian population of donetsk and luhansk people 's republics the usual propaganda from russia and it 's useful idiots all over the internet, 
  grabs popcorn, 
  no thanks . 
  multipolar means a lot more trouble from russia and the rest . 
  wow and i thought we had it bad with 2.2 bn euros for 54km tho ive read that at one point the contract was somehow worth 10 billion, 
   and pretend we do n't know what they 're trying to do to the eu . 
  that 's the real problem willful ignorance, 
   good lucking trying to force higher prices if the eu is a single customer is n't merkel agains that ? 
   lavrov added that the s-300 is an air defense missile system , which is of a purely defensive nature . 
  it is not designed for attacks reminds me of nato shield, 
  nice more threats will help push forward with this, 
   but the 1997 nato-russia founding act forbids the presence of permanent bases in eastern and central europe . 
  make it last 10 years and just renew it  but in a statement , the russian foreign ministry warned that this could undermine co-operation in the region that had been developed over several decades . 
  lavrov being lavrov . 
  russia brings cooperation , there is no war nearby . 
  no worries , comrades . 
  do expenditure per capita too, 
  afaik greco-catholics in ukraine use 7 january for christmas and today for easter so i guess they do n't use gregorian grecos here tho use 25 dec but eastern date for easter, 
  tell me about it the president gets 1.5 k a month and the pm something lower a bit mps ~ 1k and a tenth are indicted, 
   the issue is that nato , an organisation set up with the intention of countering russian influence has continuously expanded into eastern europe when they had previously been promised it would n't . 
  bad idea and i very much doubt putin ever had any real interest in western ties that mobster is very very deceitful in the last period it is becoming more obvious what putin and his russia 's true faces are, 
  did n't sarkozy sign mistral deals soon after the invasion of georgia ? 
  mmm time for some good food omnomnom, 
   do you guys '' wrestle '' eggs ( one person holds an egg upright and another person hits the egg with another egg ( with the up side pointing down ) , yes and i usually win ( totally not using a wooden egg ) no foraging for eggs tho won 5/5 this morning, 
  che guevara https://imgur.com/a/cmpth 2nd pic with the pm last pic voting in summer time votes the girls go in swimming suits iirc, 
  im not sure if he 's allowed to as mayor which he has been since like 2000 he probably has many millions hidden away ( in one case he 's indicted in he got a 7m euros bribe for giving a 335m euros contract ), 
  it brings votes, 
  maybe super high too, 
   the russian media will begin an offensive as if it needed something to happen and they ca n't just make shit up anyway, 
  or us, 
  btw recently there was a visit from putin in india iirc i guess it did n't work so well :d, 
  according to these guys http://www.globalfirepower.com/ india 's army ranks 4th in the world in . . im not sure what . . size ? 
  he changed his mind ? 
   milos zeman 's spokesman said the president had made a `` sovereign and independent '' decision to visit moscow on may 9 to commemorate world war ii victims but to skip the parade . 
  so he still visits ? 
  we did n't apply , the pm just showed interest in it though last october . 
  dunno why we did n't apply, 
  http://pastebin.com/6qy3viw6 just google the title and then click the link there, 
  syriza privatizing ? 
  but but it 's so leftist, 
   transnistria , a breakaway territory of moldova populated by ethnic russians . 
  1/3 they are  no united nations member-state recognizes transnistria 's ruling regime . 
  as of 2011 , only abkhazia , nagorno-karabakh republic and south ossetia recognise its independence , all themselves states with limited recognition . 
  despite not officially recognizing transnistria 's independence , russia has established a consulate in the disputed territory . 
   ( although we have also seen agents oficially in retirement as leader of these groups ) so it 's probable, 
  got a source for that ? 
  im not finding any particular focus on ` greek ' or anything at least in our local coverage of this story, 
  i remember hearing there wont be expansion , not this decade . 
  moldova is not candidate . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/future_enlargement_of_the_european_union not even a potential one, 
  fsb agents ? 
  membership ? 
  no it is not,
