   for the past 25 years try centuries or since forever, 
  ive only met people on reddit that think like that or the trolls in comment sections on news sites, 
  the left seems really ideological even supporting things it shouldnt just because the us doesnt, 
  there 's no way we will do something about it just look at how weak ie juncker is with this recent comment, 
  the left loves him too for some weird reason, 
  even this guy had 3 opposing candidates in elections meanwhile the socialdem party in romania ( the biggest party ) had internal elections yesterday to decide new president there was only 1 candidate ( the interim guy who btw has a sentence for referendum fraud - replacing pm ponta who also has indictments ) and the other 2 or 3 guys that wanted to participate too were blocked by some sort of party commission won with 97 % of votes with 81 % turnout, 
  there were reports that kids there were crying of hunger or cold but the parents didnt care btw a few days ago some priests stole some old saint bones from greece, 
  it 's good standard to do polls on around a thousand people, 
  wild carpathia ? 
  he also wants turkey to be part of the ttip deal http://www.eurasiareview.com/10102015-ttip-and-turkey-eu-relations-why-should-customs-union-be-revisited-analysis/, 
   radio guerilla was my favourite , but they closed it . 
  still works at least online, 
   in french it 's paradis fiscal exactly the same in romanian, 
  tax havens, 
  pew is suddenly bad because it doesnt support the antittip side, 
  was expecting this, 
  anything binding the eu and the us is very bad for it from the kremlin pov, 
  myeah back then you just wouldnt find out about this because of censorship, 
  butthurt or something ? 
  because of populist propaganda and the opposition is much smaller than it seems online on some particular sites and forums, 
  it 's interesting the support rt gives to the antittip campaign, 
  it 's because of people like you being pissed because things like this are found out about that the problem exists in the first place, 
  commie mentality im not surprised he supports psd, 
  well the hospitals are from that time period so it is fitting, 
   i do n't understand why so many romanians take the visa requirements personally . 
  i do n't know anyone who applied for a us visa and got turned down . 
  yes we have 10 % turn down rate  meanwhile the same visa requirements keep the scum out , which is why romania 's reputation is n't as tarnished across the pond . 
  yeah imagine us support when their public has to do with a few thousands of beggars, 
  it would upset russia so at least some members including the vestehrers would be against maybe that :\\, 
  no its a dacia car http://i.ytimg.com/vi/cavln6h3gvu/maxresdefault.jpg, 
  you forgot the guillotine, 
   i do n't know about the rest of the organization the local offices do good work too just a couple days ago they raided main townhalls in 5 counties, 
   and is there no way to get her to stay longer ? 
  she can get another 3 years mandate next year but its not sure since most politicians and their media dont like her the government must name her, 
  yeah he is clueless, 
   in all fairness , the eu should probably see this and do what ? 
  local officials make bad projects , try to steal or some other screw-up and then funding is cut bruxelles cant do much about these things without federalisation, 
  eu shoveling money isnt enough when officials dont know well enough how to use it ie just last week there were 2 stories about how a couple of hospitals could lose funding because of some mess-up with the projects on our end also the townhall in craiova ( run by big crooks and the last mayor is in jail ) prefers to invest some tens of millions in it 's football team 's stadium, 
   and most middle class people go to private ones anyway http://www.mediafax.ro/social/gfk-doar-2-dintre-romani-abonati-la-clinici-private-93-sunt-asigurati-in-sistemul-public-13802916 gfk study : 93 % of romanians have only public health insurance , not private . 
  there 's also much mobster influence there, 
  and that is not relevant, 
  somebody had to make this about merkel :\\, 
  the eu ? 
  russia should it 's the other way around, 
  they should have let it be blocked, 
   another important national projects are euro and uni\u00f3n with moldova . 
  union only for propaganda purpose when elections come and the euro thing we keep advancing the joining date, 
  if protests were useless ponta would be president now, 
  doesnt make sense because schengen would help a bit with trading and investing, 
  yeah the pm did say he wants the agency dismantled, 
   main goal is collective eu bargaining for gas with russia so states that are almost 100 % 1 dependent on the do n't get shafted each time the price comes to renegotiation and suffer political pressure each winter . 
  merkel said nein to that, 
  and some local ones i think fujitsu , uti and felix something, 
  nah he cant remove him and parliament voted to keep him too ( when it voted to block some accusations that would have lead to him being removed ), 
  the pm who gave the contract , adrian nastase , went to jail 2 times so nobody cared because corruption, 
   relax , you have most of them already . 
  source ? 
  building a fence is the new fad, 
  for romania the money sent back by expats is still more than what we get from foreign investments . . so it 's a lot, 
   everyone with half a mind knows the `` corruption '' thing is bullshit well i got some news for you http://stirileprotv.ro/stiri/actualitate/scandal-la-serviciul-de-evidenta-a-populatiei-dambovita-procurorii-diicot-au-gasit-acte-false-pentru-imigranti.html just 3 days ago prosecutors found fake ids for migrants at a county hq of the service for administrating personal data records at least 40 were helped by local authorities to forge them, 
  anything happening with this http://www.novinite.com/articles/169114/us+senators+propose+visa-free+regime+for+bulgaria ? 
  disband the eu then or just leave it if domestic interests have priority lets stop pretending, 
  it 's an old quote from a right wing historian people keep repeating ( nicolae iorga ), 
  there 's the new craiova group but i dont really see it doing much, 
  they already have free movement, 
  in recent months , the ponta government has said that joining the schengen area is no longer a national priority , however . 
   can that really be true when the eu has shown to have no reservations about eastern european countries joining ? 
  apparently there 's a fear of it feeding populism ( tho it didnt stop merkel see her refugee stances ) populists mistakenly think us in schengen means more gypsies or w/e and others dont have the same ( image ) problem tbh i dont really think this is the reason . . but im not sure what else anyway, 
  bid from another company ? 
  there was no bidding process the contract was given straight to eads, 
  well now the pm 's reaction makes sense and . . it 's all even worse, 
   635 millions euros payed by romania ur own gandul article says 500 it also says that between 2007-2010 we used 600m euros from some sort of schengen facility and some other thing ( eu money ) also in 2009 2 billion euros worth of eu funds were signed for in preparation for joining schengen, 
  yeah it 's being investigated http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/03/us-airbus-group-corruption-iduskcn0jh0s920141203 going by rumours it could get schroder and a couple of our ex pms plus some other officials in trouble the bribes would be a few tens of millions, 
  i doubt our politicians want to . 
  some may not actually care for more western integration anyway . 
  just pretending . 
   not surprised . 
  yet this will have no ramifications in relation to the eu . 
  tusk said yesterday that `` some countries '' ( hint : turkey ) are using the migrants as a form of ` hybrid warfare ' , in other words , push them to europe in order to extract concenssions . 
  yeah i thought the same https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3nju2t/turkeys_erdogan_to_hold_migration_talks_with_eu/cvosu1y  i ca n't decide if erdogan is brilliant or if the eu elites are just amazingly stupid . 
  maybe both . 
  there 's a lot of crookedness in the west so there may be some cooperation or willful ignorance, 
  communists treated the orthodox church less bad than other ones like the catholics, 
  no energy prices going up did that, 
  are the prosecutors challenging it too ? 
  cuz then the sentence can be higher, 
  yes for conspiratards, 
  apparently the english fa still supports platini tho, 
  with the deal not even finished yet those 3 million europeans dont even know what they are against, 
  it 's funny to see socialists back orban, 
  um no there already were lots of them, 
  yeah but zeman got over 800 upvotes now, 
  its actually free money, 
  hahaha you have no clue how much romania is shaped by foreign influence, 
  no some random redditors know more, 
  na we keep getting blocked even tho we meet all requirements, 
  and populism does bring many votes, 
   i 'd hope so too , but the infrastructure projects are currently stalled because the government ca n't steal the money any more we were doing really bad at that even when they could steal with no worries so bs, 
  it was still like 19 % for everything, 
   do n't try to make this about nationality .
