  they are probably burned, 
  very good, 
  putin today lol, 
  1.31 euros in bucharest from apa nova owned by french veolia . . it says so on their site i checked my last apartment bill and it 's 1.62 euros hot water is double that, 
  lol ponta socialist  ) he and his party are more neoliberal than even the liberal parties, 
  reminds me of our pm who said at a visit in china last year that he ` admires the communist party for the way it lead the people on the socialist path ', 
   sometimes i think it might be better to reorganize whole balkans based on etnicity , there would be lots of small aromanian islands, 
  if there wasnt some western pressure we would be doing little about corruption, 
  low debt - may get ruined by bad tax collection after the big cuts educated - there is huge brain drain . 
  1/6th of our population left the country in the last couple of decades, 
   and eu + russian resources would be the world 's number one superpower for centuries it 's not that simple at all it would be too fragmented to challenge the us, 
  it 's a good sign of his degree of influence in belgium, 
  no worries we bring lube this time, 
  sunday morning, 
   it was done with american interests at heart , not the people of europe . 
  and the 2 can in no way be aligned, 
  something something broomsticks, 
  i suspect it could only just scare more people towards the west and romania even though the media sides more with russia it 's good there is now the support of kiev, 
  identity issues mainly created by moscow over many years transnistria is a problem too there is a movement for reunification ( both grass roots and at highest level ) but not strong enough plan a is to get them in the eu there is also the obvious problem of financing it ... 
  conflict in fn ? 
  good, 
  maybe if he gets a ` loan ' from russia he will have money to make himself more known at least he has russian media to support him, 
  lol we are imperialist :d, 
   extensive criticism was also received in the romanian press by kokkalis and the companies intralot and intracom for allegedly bribing romanian officials into signing and extending contracts between the greek firms and the romanian lottery that were thoroughly disadvantageous for the romanian side , with losses totalling up to 1bn euros as of april 2014 . 
  [ 8 ] [ 9 ] fuck . . 1 billion euros, 
  and there 's an investigation in how bucharest state owned subway firm bought trains from spanish firm caf for 310m euros . 
  it 's not strong enough to absorb it, 
  yeah i 'm sure there was a lot of anti-americanism when the marshall money was coming . 
  the file is about an illegal privatisation of an institute with damages of 60m euros http://english.hotnews.ro/stiri-top_news-17848522-romanian-mogul-dan-voiculescu-influential-businessman-and-politician-receives-10-year-prison-sentence-corruption-case.htm, 
  hmm we have half the population of poland but same nr of mps, 
  a parliamentary report showed that part of the money went into accounts of 4 russian banks, 
  this kind of story is used by many politicians and their media against the anticorruption campaign saying that it affects investment and damages the economy . 
  they are right in part but they mean it just as another reason again prosecutors . 
  that mayor quoted there is probably crooked too , many officials in her townhall are being investigated and there 's a rumour than she is also in trouble . 
  apparently because of the surplus money from the unspent budget the government is now thinking to reduce taxes ( like vat by 4 % ) . . you ca n't be investigated for reducing taxes , right ? 
  :d btw the ec does n't like this vat cut in the first 2 months of this year alone subsidies and state investing dropped by 40 % we had 3 billion lei ( * 0.6 b in euros ) deficit last year and now we 're on a 5b surplus after march ( including a social securities tax cut of 5 % since october worth so far ~ 0.5 b ), 
  this morning we caught 70 kilos of black cocaine that was heading to spain, 
  so the putinbots are n't effective enough maybe the useful idiots will try to help more, 
  1 april 2015, 
  what about america !, 
  did the sultan say anything about this ? 
  regarding speculation i wonder if some of that laundered money went into financing of prorussian parties in the eu, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaqbrxfjfj8 romanian cimbalom folk, 
   according to an unidentified source cited by forbes.ru who participated in the meeting . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/putin-is-infiltrating-europe-2014-12 https://reportingproject.net/the-russian-laundromat/russian-laundromat.php, 
  afaik the 50s and maybe 60s were n't so bad, 
  depends if he will be making reforms, 
  how many years he got left as president ? 
  is it likely he will win again ? 
  if he even runs what are the chances another politician with same foreign policy leanings becomes new president ? 
   if it does get formed by some miracle , it would probably be toothless . 
  for a while maybe but it could still be a step forward, 
  most boring : not us, 
  the baltics heartland of fascism ? 
  guess in which country most neonazis of the world are, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:easter_food here easter is next sunday but today the tradition is to eat fish, 
  probably just some kind of politics, 
  and moldova, 
  it 's not just divide and conquer and some kind of pragmatism , the far left and right are faces of the same antiliberal coin . 
  they are bound by that . 
   rather than worrying about le pen winning the french presidency , a more serious risk is the contagion of the front national 's ideas to other parties yeah with sarkozy and his group  the front national is also often undermined by its own contradictions : the party blames the eu for wasting taxpayers ' money , yet it is currently under investigation by the eu for allegations of fraud . 
  lol :d, 
   still , good to see that juncker 's comments have already led to serious thoughts on this . 
  he probably would n't have said anything if he did n't think there would be some support, 
  i thought it was 7, 
  the romanian 1989 revolution was actually a coup btw a revolt was planned since '81 or '82 by the guys who would become the new president and new chief of intelligence ( so said the intel guy himself ), 
   since 2000 , russia has forgiven and written off more than $ 140 billion debt to cuba , iran , vietnam , african countries , algeria and ethiopia . 
  someone probably got some fat bribes or other sort of deals to do that, 
  the chinese helped us too we had 3 engineers that needed evacuating, 
  btw i wonder how russia is supporting sarkozy too http://rt.com/news/230283-sarkozy-crimea-russia-blamed/, 
  you should see / r/newrussia, 
  very perverse, 
  4 days ago we had 74 years since this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/f%c3%a2nt%c3%a2na_alb%c4%83_massacre and afaik moscow ( russia is the legal heir of the soviet union ) does n't recognise it http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_in_the_soviet_union, 
  why would the media be that interested in nato , foreign affairs talks with the dutch ? 
  there 's probably nothing so juicy for them, 
   the dutch minister 's visit was focused on nato policy , the alliance 's readiness action plan ( rap ) and plans related to establishing a very high readiness joint task force ( vjtf ) , the polish defense ministry said in a statement . 
  so probably a russian spy planted it ? 
   i still remember going to store every other day to buy bread . 
  now you make your own bread or what ? 
  you could do that before too, 
  10 hours account  ), 
   will take more ~ ~ time ~ ~ business deals to the big countries before trust can be repaired . 
   give them to the * slavs * !, 
  wot ? 
  civil war with foreign troops invading ? 
  go back to / r/russia, 
  probably not so many can or will bother to so it would be less of a threat, 
  that could be lots of countries in the east, 
  far edge of it but yeah, 
  considering it 's ` cool ' to use lots of foreign words ( used to be french , now it 's english added too ) i 'd say . . 0.5, 
  yeah it 's bad here there was a recent report on it, 
   in the past people married at puberty , 12 or so . 
  / he survivors could take their pick from women and they picked the younger looking , whiter , blonder ones . 
  so our ancestors were pedos, 
  they have problems with magyars there ? 
  and in greece, 
   if you pick romanian forbes top 500 u get allot multi millionaires that made money on road building , one ask how the fuck they can make all this money 4/5 romanian millionaires made their wealth from business with the state and knowing how dubious state contracts are and other deals so you can imagine how rotten romanian ` capitalism ' is :d this nicolae guy probably got his first money from stealing from the securitate 's accounts after the revolution, 
  in his case i suspect it has something to do with russia, 
   in the 80s , it was fashionable for politicians to be `` close '' a masonic lodge . 
  it still is here btw just a week ago an arrested mayor ( the guy with 90m euros bribe case ) said as reason to judges to release him that he is a freemason i 've noticed more opening too here,
