  agitators of the most crooked politicians, 
  whataboutism does it have those neonazis too ? 
   illiberal democracy faux democracy, 
  2 of the biggest scumbags, 
   but you still ca n't compare him to orb\u00e1n yet, 
  belgrade -- european union leaders condemned russia on friday for its bombing in syria 's besieged city of aleppo but faced resistance from italy to impose new sanctions against moscow , ** reuters reports . 
  pff most of the damage was on iceland , china , cameron , lagarde etc not russia conspiracy 2/10, 
  again with the robot labour fearmongering, 
  that obviously has nothing to do with rebel zones being bombed, 
  caps lock is on tho so he must be right, 
  are you denying there is a cult of personality for putin ? 
   is it worth having gmo 's from canada in your food ? 
  i stopped reading there, 
  ask the spd, 
  when and who is likely to win ? 
  then why is fertility bad even in countries with lots of fat people ? 
  hopefully, 
  i think there 's a similar proposal in romania too, 
  wtf is going on in malta, 
  cnn and fox are private businesses, 
  radical transparency but not for his handlers in moscow, 
  how will he get his porn now ? 
  oh nvm he can just rape someone in the embassy instead to get his fix, 
  the guy btw was a collaborator of the secret commie police members of whom kept much influence after 1989, 
  ha the mods removed it sneakily huh https://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/50ioyi/analysis_of_russias_information_war/d7h745s same happened when i posted https://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/4uh6w7/how_putin_weaponized_wikileaks_to_influence_the/ it got removed with no warning and put back after i complained . 
  apparently it was a mistake . 
  kinda suspicious . 
  sweden so great :d i bet this triggered most of the edgy redditors, 
  yeah something similar is needed but for some reason debunking like that doesnt get the deserved attention, 
  why dont you post it on / r/geopolitics too ? 
  inb4 russian hackers attack france24 too after tv5, 
  maybe they have the same guys writing for both, 
  little green men . 
  the formula from their russian allies . 
  well i 'm not surprised to learn that agent corbyn is involved in this, 
   and putin is a anti-globalist anti western globalism eurasian globalism is fine with him, 
  i think he refers to other subs like worldnews and lately even geopolitics this one is an exception compared to most of reddit, 
  til, 
  russians courts arent private entities are they ? 
  circlebroke, 
  he does it on purpose to create mistrust with russians outside the country which would make them feel more alienated and more open to kremlin influence . 
  this applies ie in the baltics . 
  so much hacking by russia, 
  its funny that that sub has a boner for the kremlin, 
  techn russia is the legal heir of it, 
  russian revisionism continues, 
  an actual war would n't have started in the first place without it, 
  moscow thanks you, 
  is n't that interesting the post is 1 year old just like his account . 
  he made it for that reply ? 
  the upvote rate, 
  it 's funny how posts like these get some visibility only after russians go to sleep, 
  story buried 40 %, 
  those neonazis are literally terrorists, 
  but muh msm bias, 
  but muh nationalism hungary for hungarians !, 
  im surprised the nyt havent disabled the comments section its obviously trolled i wonder if turkey too is involved in any hacking of nyt like china and russia have done, 
  yep a federation just on paper, 
  there is much more support for the eu and western institutions in general irl than the trolled and botted reddit bubble makes it seem, 
  i love the damage control itt looks like all hands on deck for this one, 
  it 's very obvious who it was isnt it interesting how after assad gave away his chemweps the attacks with it stopped ? 
   any independence movement will result in some of that . 
  and ? 
  i knew this will trigger this alt-right sub, 
   i wonder whose purpose this serves , qui bono ? 
  who purposefully wants a more divided europe ? 
  italia 1 is owned by berlusconi who is a close friend of putin and promoter of his policies . 
  a few weeks ago the eu accepted bosnia 's application for membership http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/eu-accepts-membership-application-from-bosnia-and-herzegovina-a7319841.html now this story appears ... 
  something something saddam, 
  let me guess . . good foreign policies institutes that train politicians ? 
  so many putin clones, 
  kinda reminds me of trump, 
  it was so obvious, 
  61 % upvoted, 
   apparently , russia now has control over the greek public prosecutor 's office . 
  more like your local putinists in power who wield influence over those so indirectly, 
  how reliable is it ? 
  unbelievable, 
   are n't you just steps from electing donald trump ? 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/hillary-clinton-next-president_us_57f27efee4b0c2407cdee244 at the moment it 's really unlikely to happen, 
  2/10 effort you troll none of those were in the eu when those happened to them now shoo, 
  / r/enoughkrugmanspam /, 
   someone explain to me why nobel laureates opinions are viewed like gods ? 
  somehow only the opinion of very few of them matter on reddit . 
  krugman 's and stiglitz 's . 
  all other experts and laureats mean nothing . 
  so farage went down only for a while until waters calmed down a bit after the brexit vote backlash ? 
  i 'm surprised it got this much attention, 
  lets start with you :d, 
  lol -4 butthurt putinists, 
   make sure to not flush the success away by electing some nationalist meme party in the following decade . 
  it 's kinda hard to control them . 
  there are lots of populist spending ideas , much interest to mess it all up . 
  which will be dealt with next year when they change the law, 
   because russian courts are rotten . 
  especially the military court, 
  ahahaha busted, 
  better than drinking polonium, 
  like iran and hezbollah, 
  just let iran win their proxy war , huh ?
