  there 's also some energy interest in that region which may affect neighbouring countries who own part of that there, 
   too bad the kremlin has fully acknowledged the invasion they flipfloped some more back and forth a few times, 
   that 's pretty rich coming from a russian ... he knows ( or pretends to ) absolutely nothing about the [ russification ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russification ) policies, 
   legally ? 
  you 're right . 
  in reality ? 
  sudetenland will remain within german control for as long as they have the military might to back it up . 
  of course im downvoted, 
  redditor for 50 minutes another 50 roubles, 
  it may also be cuz of corruption . . iirc there is something dubious about the subsidies, 
  hmm i think i confused it with globalresearch.ca, 
  they are still pretending its just an error of communication and the protesters are agitators influenced by russia ( even tho their ambassador criticised the protests and sidedwith those in power ) , corporations , soros etc trying to create civil war ( there 's a lot of conspiracy now about romania 's territory being split in pieces by foreign forces ) . 
  they are hiring people and bringing party members ( they pretend they are all just concerned citizens but proven to be a lie ) to protests against the president , wanting his impeachment . 
  apparently we will try it next sunday the russian ambassador will go nuts lol he sides with the government, 
  not that much there was a positive report today for a pardons bill the amnesty ordinance canceled was canceled by another ordinance but the vote is wednesday ( the amnesty one had a 10day delay until going live which passed friday ) and if they reject it then its for nothing there is also in parliament another bill almost identical to the amnesties one anyway, 
  learning from moscow and the russophobia, 
  why is globalnews.ca allowed - . -, 
  / r/conspiracy leaking, 
  notice she never said this about russia, 
  some more than others, 
  romania 's patriarch is also a guy suspected of old commie secret police ties, 
  ordinance 6 and 9 havent been rejected either in parliament . 
  there was just a fix in the commission for 9 . 
  saw it on irstudies, 
  damn . . 
  i really hate this new anti-intellectualism wave, 
  it has something to do with propaganda methods copied from the us to france like that article about donald trolls learning french to get le pen to win, 
   i do n't want france to become the next italy . 
  instead it will be next greece, 
  they are shooting themselves in the foot like the left did in the us elections, 
  theres a law bill project in parliament almost identical to the ordinance 13 btw so this isnt over and there is a vote monday for parliament to reject or accept ordinance 14 ( which cancels 13 ) . 
  it 's likely that they will repeal 14 which puts ordinance 13 in function ( it had a term of 10days until going live which lasted until today ) / r/europe is rushing too much, 
   `` with trump , putin is much more comfortable '' -- borut pahor i wonder why hmm another buried thread 66 %, 
  its like they are camping the new section, 
  this comes from a country who very heavily pushes orthodox propaganda and sees itself as leader of this culture , the savior and the alternative to the decadent west . 
  http://blogs.wsj.com/brussels/2013/09/20/putin-depicts-russia-as-a-bulwark-against-european-decadence/ https://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/14/world/europe/russia-orthodox-church.html?_r=0 and an article on rt i cant link named russia : savior of the decadent west ? 
  to see straight from the propaganda source find it by googling the title, 
  and she 'd blame it on foreign enemies and globalists, 
  lol the same way russians were pretending to be americans http://www.businessinsider.com/russia-internet-trolls-and-donald-trump-2016-7, 
  so the drahi boogeyman is like soros ? 
  tabloid rag, 
   they used to support the left a lot . 
  still do in some cases like greece and corbyn in uk, 
  isnt sarkozy prorussian too ? 
  i remember him being supportive of what happened with crimea and his party members even going there . 
  he 's just misunderstood and it 's only cuz of he is being provoked !, 
  give in and it will all be for the better, 
  in a best case scenario, 
  https://www.yahoo.com/tech/julian-assange-reddit-ama-classic-internet-trainwreck-173851759.html http://mashable.com/2017/01/10/assange-reddit-ama/#xasutvdteqqz, 
   russia likes to kill whistleblowers maybe there 's been threats o sometime in 2010 assange promised to leak stuff about russia http://content.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,2028283,00.html . 
  then the fsb threatened him and it didnt happen anymore http://foreignpolicy.com/2010/11/01/russias-fsb-to-wikileaks-we-could-destroy-you/ . 
  later he got hired by rt. 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-assange-tv-idustre80p0tv20120126 seems legit https://20committee.com/2015/08/31/wikileaks-is-a-front-for-russian-intelligence/ move on , citizens . 
  nothing to see here . 
  fsbleaks has shown how partisan it is a long time ago http://imgur.com/a/t1cnm ffs they are lead by someone literally paid by russia via rt, 
  here 's one of the benefits : le pen wants france out of nato , eu and euro which are key western projects does it make sense now ? 
  buzzwords, 
  you cant influence whats already rigged, 
  itt lots of the_donald and conspiracy subs users doing damage control http://imgur.com/a/o7m8t its funny how they blame a leftwing conspiracy when le pen 's strongest opponents in the election are center-right , one of them fillon actually being a lot like le pen except on eu policy . 
  why do you keep deleting your posts ? 
  its because of things like this that its hard to believe in erdogan 's conspiracies, 
  it must be a sign of love, 
   according to the dgse , russia intends to support the campaign of marine le pen `` on social networks , using computer bots which will generate positive messages by the thousands or by revealing the data and confidential emails of its opponents '' . 
  i wonder in which other campaign this was used . 
  can anyone guess ? 
   we also know that the german non-profit outlet correctiv ( those are the guys who will be tasked with fact-checking facebook posts in the future and who have released amazing articles on e.g. 
  putin in english ) are currently under heavy threats , attacks and slander , it 's funny that even their fb profile is downvoted to 1.9 *, 
  a year or two ago the apologists would call you a conspiratard for believing these things same about trump, 
  those in power are focused more against the west right now and saying things like maybe the brits were right to do brexit . 
  the mfa , run by a guy who likely had ties with the old communist secret police , had it 's nato meeting postponed for no reason just a few days ago . 
  and for some reason trump is an example for them there 's also a propaganda narative that all the protests against corruption here now are feeding russian interests ( and even orchestrated by them somehow together with corporations and soros ) when in practice the ones in power are the ones steering the country in a way russia would like, 
  protests in general are a threat who knows maybe some russians get ideas, 
  whats with the downvotes, 
  its * almost * a populist party and the leader 's manager has links with very dubious people connected to crooked mainstream most people in the party are ok tho especially some ex ministers from the ex ciolos government, 
  this time the story came from a news site as from unnamed sources, 
  some people will never learn, 
  going into false equivalency there, 
   the psd argued that by indicting more officials from its party than from any other , the agency displayed political bias im sure it has nothing to do with psd being by far the biggest party, 
   a victory for the people not really they are trying for the almost the same changes to pass through parliament where they have strong control . 
  btw the magisters court has not yet been told that the government is giving up . 
  they arent going to quit or even fire the justice min which is too little because the guy is just a no-name pawn . 
  how can you not quit when you were caught trying to steal and dismantle justice agencies and just pretend that all will be normal from now ? 
  in 6 months they may try everything again ( which would be a 4th attempt ) . 
  they do not care about their party or anything else except a crooked elite . 
  they keep bringing counter-protesters though they dont admit they are theirs in part because too few of their own voters like whats happening and they pretend to want unity of the country because of the spooky enemies their party still mostly backs them though they are falling quick in polls . 
  nato just now canceled a meeting with the mfa giving no reason, 
  i wish, 
  meh macron is quite similar on foreign policy except on eu i feel like le pen is in it just to make macron look good and win, 
  its really one great scam, 
   with facts , proofs , economical theory whatever . 
  facts are elitist propaganda of the globalists . 
  trust in feels . 
  guess where i found these 2 gems http://imgur.com/a/zmwtw, 
  they have a cult for the kremlin and all its stooges be they far right or left ( see how mostly the same users pop-up on the corbyn threads ), 
  putin 's wet dream, 
   we deactivated them measurements stations in bucharest . 
  there 's no pollution if you ca n't measure it !!!, 
  we are so smart . 
  same with corruption . 
  where is corruption when it has been decriminalised and magistrates are defanged ??
