   after that a government official leaked the investigation report ( done by an american company btw ) on his fucking blog lol . 
  government ? 
  i thought it was the parliament speaker who did that, 
  and hopefully they keep attacking til they reach your home, 
  were n't there 40-50 thousands protesting recently ? 
  yep some posters in this thread alone show that, 
  til you are a mep, 
  let me guess . . the fringe groups that ` coincidentally ' have ties with moscow ? 
  he also has a blackmail case, 
  spring vacation coming, 
   there is planned reduction of 35 % in healthcare budget in 2013 -- 2017 period and military spending keeps going up , right ? 
  meanwhile mogherini wants more defense and security ` cooperation ' with china, 
   even ump make extremely favorable statements toward russian policies . 
  ie http://rt.com/news/230283-sarkozy-crimea-russia-blamed/, 
  that 's incredibly stupid putin 's troops would then just push forward for more land what then ? 
  cut their losses again ? 
  and then they would push even more, 
  surprise surprise another russian connection btw was n't some of the money moved into some russian banks ? 
  a populist government that ca n't be leftist when it governs with the far right and has some very dubious links with the kremlin . 
   and a lot of the background reasoning is to deflect attention from domestic matters at home . 
  just like in russia, 
  there is reason to believe that china is actually a dictatorship while russia is n't yet fully china is also jingoist china already had some nasty conflicts and still has border issues and some problems with some islands, 
   seeking closer cooperation with an anaconda ? 
  it 's gon na be very interesting how the west will tackle china once it starts to throw it 's weight around like putin 's russia . 
  huh china is holding joint military exercises with russia now in the mediterranean and the eu wants closer cooperation with it ? 
  it 's funny how you comment just on this ( btw that 's kind of how cartoons are and that is a cartoon ) but that russian tanks are rolling into ukraine does n't seem bother you . 
  not enough putinbots, 
  there 's a chance that our chief anticorruption prosecutor will be european prosecutor http://www.nineoclock.ro/kovesi-could-become-european-prosecutor/, 
  apparently for the full article you need to pay a subscription or something i dont understand what you say :d, 
  3rd is spg ? 
   then the rest of europe can make fun of it by saying that europe was ruled by gypsies thus properly offending both italians and romanians . 
  haha and ( r ) roma is gipsy capital, 
   in germany at least , there is no news coverage about this whatsoever . 
  nope http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/gint%c4%83, 
   ukip and 5 star , the two largest delegations ( in that order ) in the efdd , disagree on many issues , notably the use of public funding from the european parliament , of which ukip received $ 1.2 million this year , as member of the of the alliance for direct democracy in europe . 
  while 5 star has a policy of returning any public money that is left over after it has paid all staff and expenses , ukip 's approach is to take all the eu money it can get and focus on local politics . 
  the case of janice atkinson , kicked out in march by ukip after her assistant was caught on camera attempting to inflate expenses , is emblematic of ukip 's view of the european parliament as a cash machine , corbett said . 
  i wonder what ukip would do with it 's own state budget if it would be governing . 
  btw eu is bad but eu money is ok . 
  ours is a tabloid nsfw here 's an example of a frontpage from it http://www.paginademedia.ro/wp-content/uploads/libertatea-penis.jpg one story is about a homosexual priest , one about a pornstar and one about some cheating . 
  is russophobia, 
  we meet technical criterias but they keep inventing reasons to keep us out some think it 's because of some local electoral interests . 
  it 's strictly political, 
  you really believe moscow 's nuke bluffs ? 
  obviously you swedes should have asked permission from putin first, 
  http://pastebin.com/dd3fsalb the conclusion 7 . 
  concluding remarks there should be no illusions about the difficulties involved in achieving a ttip . 
  remaining transatlantic tariff barriers , especially in agriculture , often reflect the most politically difficult cases . 
  some of the most intense transatlantic disagreements have arisen over differences in regulatory policy . 
  issues such as food safety or environmental standards have strong public constituencies and are often extremely sensitive in the domestic political arena . 
  there is considerable debate about how and whether to include financial services and energy . 
  for the eu , ttip will really only be worth its salt if export barriers to energy products are lifted . 
  yet it is questionable whether either side is prepared to gore its sacred cows on the ttip altar -- audiovisual for the eu , the jones act25 for the united states . 
  defence trade is off-limits . 
  to complicate matters further , responsibility for regulation in the eu is split between brussels and member states , and in the us between federal and state governments . 
  investor state dispute settlement mechanisms envisaged under ttip could present the biggest risk of all . 
  some view the issue as a self-inflicted wound , offering little gain at great pain . 
  investment flows freely across the atlantic ; few potential investors are deterred due to fear of arbitrary , discriminatory court action or regulatory takings . 
  yet the issue has awoken an unholy alliance of sovereigntists and populists on both sides of the atlantic . 
  others argue that the investor state issue goes to the heart of ttip 's role as a regulatory pace-setter and that it is essential to a ground-breaking agreement .26 this list of difficult issues has raised concern that ttip could divide rather than unite europeans and americans . 
  the regulatory elements in particular have elicited a generalised concern in the eu that ttip could enable the american ` system ' to steamroll the european way of life . 
  gmo issues feed these fears , even though gmos are not part of the negotiations ; nsa revelations offer further nourishment . 
  both us and eu officials have been clear that ttip will not undermine existing levels of protection . 
  it will reinforce each side 's right to regulate , but now informed by common consultations and a process that should create greater trust and confidence in each other 's regulatory processes and decisions . 
  yet this message has not really come through . 
  part of the problem is that ttip costs can be translated into negative , personalised anecdotes , whereas ttip benefits are more abstract and broad . 
  arguably , us and european officials could do more to raise awareness with average citizens about the benefits of ttip .27 these concerns and uncertainties underscore the importance of managing expectations while building a more energetic and effective outreach effort to both public and elite audiences . 
  such strategies should convey not only what ttip is , but what it is not . 
  it is not the first step ( ( 25 the jones act , formally the philippine autonomy act of 1916 , was `` a statute announcing the intention of the united states government to ` withdraw their sovereignty over the philippine islands as soon as a stable government can be established therein . ''' ( www.britannica.com/ebchecked/topic/306000/jones-act ) . 
  26 see the debate between l. poulsen , j. bonnitcha and j. yackee , `` transatlantic investment treaty protection '' , ceps special report no . 
  102 , brussels [ also on the ctr website ] ; and f. baetens , `` transatlantic investment treaty protection -- a response to poulsen , bonnitcha and yackee '' , ceps special report no . 
  103 , brussels , march 2015 [ also on the ctr website ] . 
  27 the european commissioner for trade cecilia malmstr\u00f6m has been particularly active in this area since she assumed her new position in november 2014 . 
  14 hamilton & blockmans ) ) towards , or justified by , ` globalisation . ' it is n't a supranational regime and it poses no threat to the american or european way of life . 
  it is a means to generate jobs , open markets , and ensure high standards for the food we eat , the products we buy and the services we receive . 
  thus far both parties have signalled strong political commitment to a successful ttip agreement . 
  but as the going gets tough and other issues intrude , the open question remains whether both sides will consider that they need each other enough to make ttip a priority and invest the necessary political capital to see the deal through to a successful ratification . 
  unanticipated third issues might also emerge that could damage or even scuttle the negotiations , for instance a british referendum rejecting eu membership ; renewed economic crisis ; an environmental disaster or a terrorist attack , among others . 
  the most prominent issue is still the disclosure of extensive spying operations by the us national security agency against european allies and other governments , which has eroded mutual trust and confidence to such an extent ( especially in germany ) that some in europe have called for the eu to suspend various agreements with the united states and to halt ttip negotiations .28 thus far european leaders have resisted such demands , as they know that ttip is far more than just another trade agreement and that the eu has a great stake in a successful outcome to the negotiations . 
  but the issue remains unresolved and may become a bone of contention with a more critical european parliament . 
  it is also unclear whether an ultimate ttip deal will be considered a final agreement to be ratified only by the european parliament , or a so-called ` mixed agreement ' to be ratified by all 28 eu member states as well , an issue that may run into trouble with members of the us congress who may find it difficult to explain to their constituents that the entry into force of the agreement might be upheld by a single disgruntled eu member state . 
  ustr mike froman has committed negotiators to concluding an agreement on `` a single tank of gas '' , meaning before the end of president obama 's term in office in early 2016 . 
  but the administration has not yet secured trade promotion authority for either the tpp or ttip . 
  without it , each agreement would be subject to potentially debilitating congressional amendments . 
  and the outcome of negotiations and a subsequent ratification debate would be even more uncertain if extended to a new president and congress . 
  ttip is ambitious . 
  it will be tough to conclude . 
  but the potential payoff is high , and the geostrategic impact of such an agreement could be as profound as the direct economic benefits . 
  too much is at stake now for the initiative to fail . 
  either negotiators succeed or they must continue to work towards a successful outcome . 
  if one tank of gas is n't enough , then they should go to the filling station . 
  btw our pm 's father-in-law ( a senator ) is accused of abuse of power and supporting an organised crime group in a case where roughly 43,000 hectares ( 430 sq km ) of forest land ( worth 300m euros ) was illegally granted to private third parties in 2012 . http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/15/us-romania-corruption-iduskcn0i427920141015, 
  spoiled , bored youngsters . 
   the results of the polls , recently conducted by levada and state-run agencies are questionable at very least . 
  gallup said last summer he had 83 % http://www.gallup.com/poll/173597/russian-approval-putin-soars-highest-level-years.aspx, 
  yeah basically you either support the kremlin or you are a puppet you know merkel is trustworthy when you see kremlin media attacking her, 
   a lot of the current priests were state security collaborators our patriarch is said to be one too and his file with the securitate was burned during the revolution there are also high ranking priests proven to have at least colaborated with it hand in hand with politicians they steal, 
  how 'd he get to be part of the government in the first place then ? 
   it 's an anarchist/extremist-left thing . 
  the `` rich '' have to be `` equalized '' to the `` lower classes '' by force .
