  i get the feeling this guy secretly wants the quotas idea to fail, 
  you bolding your texts makes it all true though, 
   this is not democracy . 
  it is indirect democracy romanians voted for meps most of our meps voted for quotas with only 2 going against will you quit with this drama ? 
   we might as well create a new eastern union starting from the core of the visegrad 4 . not until orbanistan drops the illiberal bullcrap and russia policy how do you think we will get something done with them ? 
  we will only turn in a eurasian union lite, 
   currently unemployment in transilvania is 3 % ; it would n't be such a bad thing if some of our workers moved back . 
  you cant realistically have unemployment lower than that, 
  add holocaust denier paul eisen http://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/599327/jeremy-corbyn-deir-yassin-remembered-holocaust-paul-eisen, 
  i doubt he has many fans in eastern europe, 
   he will need to compromise on a lot of his ideals , he just does n't strike me as the person to do that compromise or . . 
  lie, 
   the royal family 's popularity will drop dramatically when charles becomes king . 
  what if it will be william, 
  left wing everywhere is quite fond of miners the one here in the 90s used it to beat and kill protesters ie, 
  ok i will delete that one because the bbc one is more detailed , k ? 
  i thought u meant same bbc link, 
  i dont see the duplicate, 
  should we rename the sub / r/orban ? 
  he does have some interesting friends and admirers berlusconi , chiraq , schroder , farage among some others, 
  dunno but they should considering russian influence in the war and especially what will follow next considering recent developments they have a share of the blame so they should get refugees, 
   but she said she panicked as the mass run towards her lol in panick she kicks a little girl ? 
  more interesting these days is that 2 ex ministers got some older criminal cases reopened and someone got sentenced for blackmailing the head of the highest court, 
  he may actually be a bit antisemitic http://edition.cnn.com/2009/world/europe/07/21/romania.nazi.uniform.mayor/, 
  yes, 
  the romans return !, 
  also next year gas 10 % cheaper, 
  i doubt it . 
  maybe temporarily but not for long because there 's a lot of money in there for barca and i suppose it has big influence in catalonia . 
  they could be a bit like monaco and ligue 1 ? 
   they are blocking romania & bulgaria because dear western european friends afraid that `` gypsies '' will invade their country . 
  while gipsies already are free to move, 
  gon na be stuck between rock and hard place then, 
  it also helps trade , brings more foreign investments and border guard spending will be much lower, 
  there is the eurasian union for that, 
  i kinda rather we just refuse quotas and not negotiate because we meet schengen requirements . 
  yes they belong to the richest man in the country who is currently jailed, 
  26 % efdd ? 
  not surprised 19 % enl 10 ecr is there a poll from before a couple months ago ? 
  i think there will be an obvious difference and it shows either a sudden big change in mentality or we have new very different politically posters here ( just look at the post history of some of the new posters a regular didnt see here until the last weeks ), 
   europeans did n't run during ww2 . 
  ie germans fleed even during the war lots of jews too, 
  sure mate lets give 100s of upvotes to a thread about a refugee refusing food and downvote to hell a video about a macedonian border guard beating refugees meanwhile with lots of mocking comments from / r/whiterights posters definitely nothing weird going on, 
  and it got downvoted to hell since it was against the subs new agenda that is being pushed, 
  anything else that looks ` scary ' i cant wait to see how ttip is dealt with in the end, 
   the emotional manipulation of the left the one of the right is ok tho with all the panicking and fearmongering of it 's own, 
  yes but not alone petrom , transgaz and exxon, 
  production went up 5 % last year and it will continue to raise we should be exporting more which i think is planned and apparently we have 20 billions cbm worth of gas in the black sea discovered earlier this year ( there 's oil there too dunno how much yet ), 
  i guess it means no more azeri gas to europe russian gas tho is good . 
  no big human rights problems there . 
  german approved . 
  i rather think its the spd influencing the deal, 
   i do n't lie , i just present the arguments which favor or strengthen my position . 
  lol wow, 
  havent followed you enough do you lie about other foreign people issues too ? 
  like now with the muslim crisis ? 
  yes m with capital letter, 
   they are so poor , my goodness they are poor - ganymede07011610 you are being dishonest about this . 
  picking pictures i can too ( he posted a pic of rich gipsy houses . . he must be jealous ) http://static.rnews.ro/image/201307/full/mg_0230.jpg / https://media.monitorulsv.ro/videolist/2011/08/24/09752dbde6e089768e182.jpg / https://teaca.files.word fix link press.com/2010/07/copii-saraci.jpg lots of them really are poor from the ministry 's 2013 data http://www.filedropper.com/2014-12-29hgsincluziune-anexa1 pdf 33 % absolute poverty for rroma in general , 37 % poverty rate for rroma kids national rate is 3-4  romania is not a net benefactor of eu funds , we give about as much as we take . 
  no more no less . 
  again bullshit total financing from eu in 2013 was of 5.5 billion euros we gave 1.4 this while we are absolutely retarded in the way we use the funds . 
  in the first 8 years of membership we spend 7 billion out of the 19 available in the cohesion funds . 
  http://economie.hotnews.ro/stiri-eurofonduri-17642931-document-absorbtia-fondurilor-prima-jumatate-2-56-puncte-procentuale-avans-cererilor-rambursare-transmise-romania-bruxelles.htm nobody else in the eu is as stupid as us http://www.mediafax.ro/economic/romania-a-fost-al-cincilea-cel-mai-mare-beneficiar-net-de-fonduri-ue-in-2013-13558145 between 2007 and 2014 we gained 23 billion ( 11b out of the post accession fund going to agriculture and villages ) and contributed 9 http://economie.hotnews.ro/stiri-eurofonduri-17178749-castiga-romania-13-9-miliarde-euro-plus-din-fonduri-europene-aderare.htm god damn automod deleting my post, 
  i kinda doubt fico really has a problem with this . 
  liar, 
   we have a tax on unemployment . 
  btw our new tax code added a tax for those who have no income signed just a few days ago, 
  wishful thinking ? 
  well even putin managed to fool it so why not luka too, 
  no i used a 21mbps stick and it was shit even for browsing and youtube, 
  but but that is impure, 
   or they get to kill a white european christian . 
  which may cause political problems for his government which is another win this is their main aim , not killing 1 random white guy, 
  unfortunately this is the smart decision, 
  you romanian ? 
  cute, 
  hear that , isis ? 
  why would decadent europeans be worried ? 
  slava putin, 
   i would n't consider opposing illegal immigration to be a far-right issue . 
  you havent seen the neonazi type comments then most get deleted but until that they get lots of upvotes and much of the support for the immigration threads is from them it 's more than just simple opposition to immigration, 
  hahah wtf for real ? 
  20 hours account, 
   a fraction i 'd judge some people 's ideas as a lot more than sharing a fraction, 
  thankfully we have a truther to wake us up, 
   can we please stop calling our adversaries racists why do i see new posters here against immigration also post on / r/whiterights and other racist subs ? 
   because of reddits open racist subs . 
  ive heard it 's good to let them be so the racists will stay in those areas and not spread all over other subs . 
  it 's because the immigration issue drew in a certain far-right crowd that was n't really active here before, 
  or albanian muslims, 
  czechia is central, 
  great sources  ) youtube and wikipedia stop replying im done, 
  what a conspiratard site, 
  is it their first chinese ? 
  what are the best teams in this euros ? 
  no clue, 
  well this is gon na get a tonne of downvotes, 
   the eu 's self-proclaimed president how is juncker self-proclaimed ? 
  yeah ive been seeing lots of new posters on this sub ( posters i have never seen here before suddenly being very active here ) pushing a certain agenda in the last weeks it 's interesting to go through their post history, 
  he 's a gipsy ?
