  to show that they dont care ? 
  * look it was us and you cant do shit about it !, 
  * fear us ( as a message to other of litvinenko 's type ) mafia state thinking, 
  is this trolling, 
  this is looking kind of like a reverse maidan there, 
  / r/balkanbrass /, 
  who cares, 
  38 is romanian you can pull a piece of hidden wood or something and make the mouth open and shut and make clank clank noises, 
  5 % here i think, 
  i understand some dutch are pissed about the eu but it 's weird that they had to pick ukraine to make a referendum against . 
  they could have picked many other issues . 
  . . like pretty much all networks here, 
  yes, 
  lol what russia is focusing more on rebels that time when turkey shot that plane ie they were flying above rebels, 
  they mean the ukraine bit, 
  also russia 's own sanctions, 
  so who are pis blaming this on ? 
  im curious to read their conspiracy, 
  but but russia stronk , slava putin, 
   are the next generation of genetic supermen only nine months away ? 
  bummer, 
  maybe ur populists in power actually want it to be attacked so to have propaganda fuel, 
  this pis problem in poland is much like we had with usl in romania in 2012, 
  big mistake, 
  u should check the post history of some . 
  they come from the whiterights sub, 
  hungary isnt eastern europe, 
  so do young people online vote wilders or its because of the rightwing trolls ? 
  he has immigrant ancestors ? 
  how democratic . 
  i bet he cares a lot this populist about the ukraine referendum though . 
  is it working ? 
  the reddit police, 
  it is actually mostly countries in southern and central europe that are less supportive of sanctions, 
  kek, 
  they can go freely already, 
   it is in our national interest that we are not confronted with increases in criminal statistics as a result of countries where such concerns are relevant joining schengen we already have free movement, 
  it doesnt have much to do with schengen and i dont see netherlands complain about corruption in other countries , in the ones already in schengen . 
   but the eu has more important issues to resolve currently than your national interest . 
  as if there is one country in the eu not working in it 's own interest, 
  we meet technical requirements so we should be allowed but apparently some countries ( like netherlands ) complain about corruption so they say no even though we made good progress . 
  the thing is these politicians and/or their voters think schengen expanding here means floodgates of gypsies and who else knows what will open which is bs . 
  maybe there are other reasons ( because of more competition from our port , maybe they want to be bribed with it and then they change their mind ) , dunno . 
  trivia according to our ambassador in germany we are the biggest contributor to frontex after germany and we already spent billions for schengen stuff, 
  i bet he made a new user now and wont ever say again that he 's from pol, 
  did he delete his user ? 
  his name iirc was something like words_build_bridges with brazil flair, 
  pm ciolos speaks french and english and president iohannis speaks german and english besides romanian, 
  master of chess, 
  lol, 
  maybe russia got something in return like some support from sarkozy in dealing with georgia . 
  i wonder how many pol users we have on this sub, 
  rt fans must live in some paralel reality, 
  just today we had a news piece about 8 billion euros eu agriculture fund for the next 5 years ( and we do manage to use almost all of this kind of funding ), 
  politics, 
  obviously, 
  its like people want only refugees threads, 
  it likely wont, 
  the new justice minister wants to, 
  an obsession only used once tho, 
  lel :d first the nazi comment and now this, 
  nice of him to care, 
  his old party is still in power sharing much of the same ostpolitik . 
  i 'd disable them on news sites like that . 
  it only leaves an open playground for trolls . 
  comments are usually shit anyway . 
  found a proofster, 
   the russians probably look at ukraine as not being worth the extra headache of defeating outright , because it would require making a serious military commitment and probably earn russia a nasty insurgency problem . 
  but if the russians outlast the ukrainians ( which they almost certainly can do ) and simply wait for ukraine to cry uncle , then it makes all the relevant political points , domestically and internationally , far more persuasively than a pure smash-and-grab would . 
  if the sanctions were strong and ukraine got good support then this would n't be an option for them, 
   the new ciolos government completely cuts all expenses for building and renovating churches [ major trolling it was . 
  1 day later he says he spoke with patriarch on phone and changes his mind . 
  this natural history museum is one of the first of it 's kind in the world ( the diorama stuff ) http://www.antipa.ro/en/categories/6/pages/2, 
  but trolls arent average users, 
   this sub is disgustingly pro-american foreign policy , i feel like i 'm reading the fucking national review im not forcing you to stay on this sub if you are so disgusted by it you complain about biases but you have no problem i see in ur history with circlejerks like / r/socialism, 
  yeah its surprising how naive some people are thinking that if we look only inward then it will all be great, 
  the ostridge position doesnt make one immune to effects of changes in other places, 
  i notice that any whatabout america is welcomed and encouraged in all threads but anything of the reverse brings great butthurt, 
  nope and i dont think it event wants to the legal status they have is great for mobsters, 
  yes but sweden and finland are n't like the rest of europe, 
  cute but realistically only a more fragmented europe could happen and with a lot more conflict, 
  rekt, 
  dunno who else people think write for theguardian, 
  i think russia will balkanise without a dictator like putin . 
  long term it could be for the best as i think its too big for its own good, 
  romania needs an update in maybe gray tho in practice its blue/red, 
  reddit does . 
  or maybe he has lots of trolls, 
  kek, 
  fight, 
  yes, 
  its their only damage control method, 
   is there something that is amiss substantively from the article ? 
  he would have already said if he could find something i doubt he even read the article, 
  im guessing the eu was easier on hungary because of putins connection with orban and his influence in europe ? 
  its just his job, 
  nice, 
  no numbers for romania but i found a poll done in august http://www.ziare.com/politica/politica-externa/increderea-romanilor-in-liderii-lumii-obama-versus-putin-sondaj-csci-1379083 16 % trust putin, 
  balkans wtf, 
   not particularly russian economy but just about everybody else yeah it killed shale in europe i think,
