  can i have a link pls, 
   the eu is not the problem at all here , it 's the fact that individual members find it easier to blame an entity that has nothing to do with the problem than admit that it 's leaders are incompetent baboons . 
  i wonder if a member like that leaves the eu , who will it blame for their troubles ? 
  there 's always america i guess, 
   the president is a guy who literally did n't do anything as a president moldova is a parliamentary republic what do you expect president there is mostly just an ambassador . 
  you want jobs and highways from him or what ? 
  ask the executive, 
  if rt says the same with them then i guess those leaders are of interest to them they are both against the prowestern ( particularly nato ) president notice that theyd be ignoring or downplaying it if it was against politicians they favor, 
   the pm himself is being charged by dna . 
  and had parliament block some of the accusations which his mps tried to legalise also this pm last year said that this mayor could be presidential candidate from his party ( 2 or 3 candidates from those elections are investigated , 1 already jailed ), 
   but not the entire illicit fortune built-up from the bribes how do you know it was so ? 
  all illicit he was n't investigated for that , iirc for illegal campaign funding . 
  you need a dictatorship to take away all the money a guy has built over time like that, 
   some say 100k the organisers said 100k are awaited, 
  and judges rejected his early release request . 
  btw damages always get paid when early release is allowed . 
  he has a new investigation too btw so he will be back in if he gets out soon  ) i dont think he gets released this year . 
  maybe next spring . 
  lots of older people i see . 
  are the leaders of this reformists , liberals ? 
  i doubt it . 
  op says 100k , articles says tens of thousands . 
  i 'm guessing it 's actually just some thousands . 
  too little too late, 
  1st of august last year http://en.rsf.org/russia-independent-journalist-murdered-in-01-08-2014,46745.html not so long ago, 
  that 's a very shit source :d tabloid level stuff with nutjobs aired that think ancient dacians were the bellybutton of the world and conspiracies, 
  show me a case where that book writing takes away more than a couple of months . 
  it 's really not that much like a certain part of the media pretends it is . 
  rumours from where ? 
  never heard of this, 
  our crooks arent really violent physically we dont have a proper mafia like in other parts . . just a lot of stealing mainly though a decade or so ago there was a lot of suspicion regarding a suicide of a prosecutor who was investigating someone important in politics but things like that dont happen anymore . 
  we still see comments from politicians against prosecutors investigating what they dont like them to . 
  what else will the lawyer say, 
  that 's not true they usually do a few years ( sentences in general are short here ) , some big guys do more . 
  who went to jail for a few months ? 
  nobody wealth * is * seized properly but the problem is with the tax agency which is only slow to recover it, 
  we are building new prisons to house them all, 
  he 's the only capital mayor ( the other ones were sector mayors . 
  3 of the last 6 ones and we might be close to a 4th all from different major parties ) tho there is iirc an ex one or two who have corruption charges, 
  great way to start the morning https://imgur.com/bdtxwkb tldr he was caught last night taking bribe ( filmed ) 25k euros ( a 10 % cut of a contract he was giving . . something related to cemetery business ) part of a bigger 60k bribe . 
  somebody ratted him out . 
  lots of searches going on and 30 days arrest is called for . 
  before this there were some townhall directors caught , people close to him . 
  he ran as independent but he is very very close to socialdems currently in power ( one cant win that with a red party logo ) . 
  a bit more background he had ties with the old commie secret police ( father was general there ) a few days ago the godson of a minister was caught too . 
  autumn prosecutors season has begun . 
  prosecutors found phone jamming technology in his house ( yay bigger sentence ! ), 
  and someone from the file said he bribed oprescu 1m euros over 2 years, 
  do they have the articles by categories ? 
  i want to see others by history/politics, 
  it already was far from stable, 
  so 60 % which is a lot more think otherwise, 
  beat us at u21, 
  make rpintscreen when u see much of that and post a thread, 
  romania capital mayor caught taking bribe this morning, 
  btw i think people overestimate how much influence merkel has ie she is governing with schroder 's old party, 
   poland investing in fracking nope no more fracking there, 
  if it was the us then we wouldnt see germany geting any closer to russia, 
   plamen oresharski took money to stop the south stream by the americans source ? 
  yay more city states more tax havens, 
   the aftermath can be negotiated not the key thing though i mean the oil pipes through syria to europe, 
  yeah there is this ` saviour ' type thinking i guess either that or shilling, 
  and then you look at their post history and you see that conspiracy link posts and other bs is all they do it 's like some sort of job, 
   seriously , what were they thinking ? 
  opening urself to such weakness is part of ostpolitik there, 
  i thought greek polls arent reliable ? 
  it went down much in quality since lots of conspiratards from worldnews joined here, 
  are you trolling ? 
   watch rt , see how `` sovereign '' the eu is not sure if serious . 
  this says much about you btw . 
  poster was sneakysnakex, 
   saw a video on youtube that was talking about that im curious to see it haha ur not gon na share the yt link ? 
  i bet it was some conspiratard crap, 
   wasn \u00b4 t aware of it . 
  how did you come across the op link in the first place btw ? 
  nice reward for being against nato bases, 
  the sources show support for opposition rebels , not much about isis it 's not the same faction, 
   i do n't know why people keep using a self-proclaimed state-propaganda outlet for news . 
  check op 's post history notice the conspiracy posts :d he 's like the target audience for for rt, 
  obviously they care more about their russian interests, 
  all 3 things, 
   makes you wonder why we have so many right-wing posts/threads raising to the top . 
  either we have a lot of brigading here or reddit including this sub is just populist, 
  so for russia will this be a new cechnia or a new afghanistan ? 
  western native gypsies dont like eastern gypsies, 
   kosovo becoming a part of albani, 
  u mean the orthodox church ? 
  here it seems quite right wing to me, 
  isnt politicalcompass quite biased ? 
  why no serbian flair ? 
  what do you think most serbs think about albania taking over kosovo ? 
  related https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia%27s_role_in_the_syrian_civil_war, 
  that balance of power thing is working really well for moldova , ukraine and georgia . 
  maybe something else would have been tried like geting the un involved but russia ( and china too btw ) blocked it, 
  i spilled my coffee earlier this morning . 
  damn you , america !, 
  when it comes to russia related problems you can always expect austria to side with it, 
  same with the orthodox brothers bullcrap, 
  i thought they have an interest with backing assad so he wont accept oil/gas pipes going through there from iran or w/e, 
   oh , they are n't even in parliament ? ...
