  same thing on loop, 
  who needs healthcare there just take an antibiotic for anything, 
   trumps decision now opens the door for the chinese free trade treaty rcep yep https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-11-20/china-russia-to-push-for-free-trade-area-in-asia-pacific, 
  get an eu commissioner who isnt influenced by russian lobby ? 
  in romania 's case it 's a glitch in the matrix that both the pm and president are moderates, 
   it is important to note to all left leaning readers that comrade fico was member of communist party before 1989 and to this day he is admiring communist regime . 
  an ex pm of romania ( another fico/pis type ) back when he was in office a few years ago and visiting china i remember he said he was an admirer of the cpc, 
  it 's not just there . 
  it 's global now . 
  fico reminds me of trump, 
   a nation in the downward spiral has consequences potentially for every citizen ( except the super-rich , who can simply leave in such a case ie trump, 
  ironic isnt it, 
   wall yet he forgot about it http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-trump-transition-20161121-story.html, 
   but that guy is almost impossible to read . 
  learning from putin, 
  nothing will change his mind . 
  he owes money to china and will answer to their interests . 
  ah yes shill calling a conservative, 
   outsider a ny real estate mogul is an outsider lmao an outsider who was in both the rep and dem parties and who bragged about paying politicians . 
  sure sounds like a man against the elite . 
  now he has billionaires who donated to him as secretaries . 
  turkey wants to join the shanghai group anyway, 
  the hungarian left wants to lift sanctions ? 
  any old commie roots there ? 
  such loyal pawns, 
  i remember russia not blocking france 's intentions vis a vis libya in the un thus giving a tacit approval to what was planned despite its propaganda . 
  next time both sides will be wildlings, 
  erdogan does that because he still doesnt have enough control internally before acting outward more . 
   putin also claims we should unite ( under the warm embrace of the eurasian union ) in order to stick it to the americans . 
  idd there is something for them to gain from this too . 
  remember the talks about a union from lisbon to vladivostok just a few years ago ? 
  iirc during a visit in berlin . 
  he cant attack the press while backing infowars , rt and breitbart . 
  his real problem is obviously not with journo quality . 
  dont worry , people are just now gon na get used to mention him too in that group, 
  only if the eu turns in some form illiberal, 
  it is camouflaged but the facts point that way if it walks like a duck ... 
  some of them actually are, 
   merkel is specifically against quotas , which is why she is criticised by large parts of the csu , so this does n't really make sense any sources ? 
  pls, 
  its more of a propaganda tool for illiberal unity, 
   every region has a lot of autonomy ... maybe on paper, 
   split between pro-usa that doesnt work with a new isolationist and prorussian leadership, 
  only very recently did the us turn in the opposite direction, 
  who still trusts fsbleaks ? 
  its biased as fuck, 
  yeah your wealth means nothing when you can be so easily subverted, 
  china looks good now that trump won . 
  there wont be much support for china 's neighbours from him . 
  russia has will power and strong intel services . 
  france has the corruption russia can use . 
  yes skip to the germany page http://www.atlanticcouncil.org/publications/reports/kremlin-trojan-horses `` gazprom '' schroeder 's old party, 
  hmm pis doing the same thing the prorussian meps do, 
  itt the_donald brigades in damage control mode, 
  rt should hire bannon . 
  but maybe they dont actually need to . 
  trump is like the poster guy of the ruling class tho, 
  shh dont let the daily sttormer readers know !, 
  he wont do that to his debtor, 
  yes its a slogan made originally for nazi sympathisers https://origin-www.bloombergview.com/articles/2016-04-27/trump-s-america-first-slogan-has-nazi-era-baggage, 
  its a form of `` the mother of the stupid is always pregnant ' . 
  similarly i 've seen hit pieces against montenegro from berlusconi 's media ( italian equivalent of murdoch ) canale5 some months ago, 
  the intentions are the same regardless of how they describe putin . 
  totally unrelated to the bias towards russia, 
  apparently they are minors so they invented new names for them to hide their identity, 
  which media ? 
  there 's nothing afaik at least from looking through this list https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_assets_owned_by_news_corp, 
  the likeliness to thatcher stops tho when it comes to russia, 
   does n't the british press have some sort of self governing body with some spine to at least cull these egregious lies ? 
  there 's nothing when it comes to printed press there afaik, 
  another hit piece against romania from murdoch media after the sky news bit with the arms smuggling story if you remember, 
  so many serbs in this thread trying to wash russia 's actions i wonder how many actually are serbs and not just hiding behind foreign flairs . 
  it 's very good cover for russian trolls . 
  same everywhere, 
   you need to have a quiet russia . 
  and how do you get that ? 
  you give it a finger and it takes the whole hand appeasement failed . 
  another putinist , sarkozy , appeased it during georgia and look what happened since then . 
  seems to be some kind of le pen male version politically, 
  they voted cuz he is against ` the system ' and not a globalist and then he promotes goldman sachs guys sounds legit, 
  because they saw how they got conned, 
   most people want stability and predictability yet they keep voting populists, 
  she 's the one who made the initial reforms, 
  yeah a life boat for the most corrupt its funny that their campaign theme is to impale the crooked, 
  the alde party in romania is their leader tariceanu ( euroskeptic now btw , what are euroskeptics doing in alde ? ), 
  during the coup-like event in 2012 was having meeting with a councilor of putin . 
  he also invited the russian duma chief last year even though the guy is banned in the eu . 
  his adoptive father , another high rank liberal but now dead , collaborated with the communist secret police . 
  there are lots of politicians with this kind of history among the liberals . 
  is breitbart state backed propaganda now ? 
  woah i have n't noticed that . 
  i '' m expecting lots of concerned redditors to be learning french on duolingo now, 
  both house and congress, 
  they will force you to if they see their siege mentality plot actually threatened or have pro-russians ruling in the neighbourhood play a game of pretend, 
  radical neoliberals with some far left guys in it buzzwords, 
  that info came originally from a dubious blog with no source . 
  the number of people working there ( btw including the usual staff because it has its own hospitals and lots of other shit ) is actually secret . 
  it 's funny how you blame the secret services while the most dubious securitate groups are the ones backing the extremes . 
  you are just butthurt they are n't backing far left populists instead but the right is the flavour of the month now the reasons for the weak extremist phenomenon are that russian propaganda doesnt have much success here ( episodes like euractiv nuclear weapons bit are rare ) , we have stronger institutions especially when it comes to tackling corruption , we have practically no issue with islamists here ( there are barely any muslims in the first place ) except for russia friendly nutjobs trying to force the issue by taunting actual moderates, 
  notice pru appeared quickly after the leader of the old prm satellite died,
