   the uk , france , germany and poland can hold their own against a russian invasion , germany , really ? 
  and poland alone cant . . it 's an open plain like ukraine the only 2 good armies are french and british and the french had some problems even against libyans, 
   europe feels pissed off because they feel like america is leading them by the nose . 
  there 's also the ideological interest of some in europe with russia, 
  something something putin chess, 
  bruxelles should be spending more money there for those centers, 
  is it shopped ? 
  i should open a business in north africa selling boats, 
  yes it looks exciting the eu has it 's own intel agency ? 
  says what about me ? 
  dont tell me im a cultural marxist  ) ) actually nevermind that i dont care what you think that explanation says about me, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukraine%e2%80%93european_union_association_agreement#ratification italy , greece , belgium , czechia and cyprus 4 of those are quite friendly towards russia and putin notice lots of votes against in italy btw back when putin was most isolated by the west , he had visit from renzi as if it was all good . 
  and putin visited back later . 
  now you see him friendly with berlusconi and supported by the 5star movement . 
  to ratify it there is a step involving the president who is an old communist . 
  that nation doesnt decide itself because it 's not direct democracy and it actually did show some leaning by supporting zeman, 
  control of the country ? 
  there wont be one anymore i think they will redraw borders with the intent of shaping them `` along ethnic , sectarian and tribal lines '' as a way to `` ease regional tensions . '', 
  maybe something like this http://i.imgur.com/l4yky6r.jpg http://www.armedforcesjournal.com/peters-blood-borders-map/ https://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/3kksn2/will_iraq_syria_survive_as_states/, 
  already tried and europeans drew some stupid borders that are part cause of the conflicts there today, 
  yeah btw the new trolls that came on this sub recently seem to be american to me , not europeans . 
  judging by what other subs they browse that dont seem of much interest to europeans like / r/libertarian, 
  yes http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/france-fn-militants-burned-cars-fuel-insecurity-political-gain-1505631 several militants with france 's front national ( fn ) have gone on trial to face accusations they went on a spree of arson , setting a dozen of vehicles on fire , in order to stoke feeling of insecurity and ultimately win votes in their neighbourhood . 
  the six right-wingers appeared before a local court on a series of charges , including vandalism , criminal association and arson . 
  among them is adrien desport , the former number two of the party led by marnie le pen in the seine-et-marne department , on the outskirts of paris . 
  vote fn to bring you peace !, 
  these guys if they could would just import jihadists themselves and arm them in europe just so they could score some points, 
  reminds me of that recent false flag in france i bet that 88 has nothing to do with hitler, 
  and you propose what ? 
  open dialogue over some warm tea with isis to solve the differences and misunderstandings . 
  that will work . 
  putin is making russians asians, 
   and every german politician ever is free to score political points on fucking us over . 
  but no , we have allies here - nigel farage in uk , marie le pen in france , sweeden democrats , pegida in germany - oh boy , those guys will surely stand united on our side ... briliant fucken strategy . 
  yeah the local rightwingers btw dont realise that this crisis is empowering the same kind of nutjobs in other countries who will clearly be enemies, 
  til the president there isnt czech, 
  czech politicians yes, 
   there are 8 countries that have n't ratified yet which ? 
  dunno im curious too, 
  there 's some strong leaning there towards russia, 
  it 's true that the crisis is fueling euroskeptics and makes brexit more likely, 
  he backed iraqi attacks against british troops he ` saluted ' the deaths of western troops he was associated with islamist extremist dyab abou jahjah he called hamas and hezbollah ` friends ' he refused to condemn the ira for terrorist attacks he supports nuclear disarmament he wants to give the falklands back this does n't make him look like a threat ? 
  he 'd be jailed or assassinated if the uk was more autocratic, 
  story was posted already but dunno why it got deleted https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kryvd/refugees_who_fled_to_europe_for_a_better_life_are/, 
  yep that mentality is very strong here there 's a saying that ` the neighbour 's goat should die too ' it 's obvious what it means, 
  a romanian , an american and a hungarian are travelling by train the american opens a bottle of whiskey , drinks a bit and then throws it all out the window the other 2 are surprised and the american says it 's no problem , there are plenty in my country . 
  then the hungarian does the same with a bottle of tokaji the other 2 are also surprised and the hungarian replies the same that he also has plenty of them back home then the romanian grabs the hungarian and throws him out the window the american is shocked and is told that no worry , we have plenty of them back home . 
  yeah he and some of his politicians are big fans of erdogan, 
  repost https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kp5os/eastern_blocs_resistance_to_refugees_highlights/, 
  ehem ehem, 
  who ? 
  their president putinist ? 
  not one bit, 
  he loves this kind of shitposts, 
   same like albanians were minority in kosovo over 80 % majority https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_kosovo#ethnic_groups, 
  i 'm glad you like me . 
  cant compare them you didnt have mass killings , manslaughters in crimea to warrant new protection ( kosovo was un protectorate approved by russia too ) . . except in russian propaganda of course . 
  it was actually relatively peaceful . 
  and kosovo wasnt annexed btw ( and crimea 's referendum was illegal ) funny thing when kosovo declared independence , russia cared about serbian sovereingty even though there was real danger ( which it recognised in the un ) but it gives 0 fucks about ukraine 's , georgia 's , moldova 's sovereingty kosovo was an autonomous territory in serbia after yugoslavia broke apart and there was no guarantee for its integrity to be that way by international agreements ( ukraine had the budapest memorandum - signed by russia btw ) 2 more differences i find on this issue : russia arguing it cared for minorities there but 40 % were non-russians ( see ie the bad treatment of tatars ) kosovo wasnt occupied by a foreign power ( russian special units involvement which btw was against ukrainian laws and constitution ) these things were arguments from russia and the sockpuppets to legitimise what it did i should make an infographic out of this in serbian and russian ... 
  this is a hard one ... 
  that is russophobia !, 
  the gulf states making oil price go down did that and they were n't in nato, 
  rogozin ( who 's btw now a minister in russia and from time to time likes to threaten us ) just said no in 2009 when some in nato brought up the idea ( it was poland i think ), 
   in russian media is it in rossiya1 or where ? 
  you mean this ? 
  we have a similar version too the american pushes a pig on one end of a machine and on the other bacon , sausages , etc come out, 
  he just replaces some crooks with his own, 
  but god is high above , and the tsar is far away, 
   it 's not a frozen conflict . 
  yes russia does not want one https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/ukraine/2015-09-09/forcing-kiev-s-hand it is easy to see how a frozen conflict scenario might appeal to the current government in kiev . 
  such a scenario would effectively separate rebel-held donbas from the rest of the country , turning the conflict 's current frontlines into a de facto border . 
  as a result of this separation , the donbas would lose its influence in ukraine 's national politics , thus drastically reducing moscow 's sway over kiev . 
  russia , meanwhile , would be forced to foot the bill for the massive reconstruction effort needed to prevent the socioeconomic collapse of its new protectorate . 
  it may also make lifting sanctions more difficult, 
  how do you know he does n't care about that too ? 
   national socialism is not leftist yeah it 's a myth, 
   what 's so bad with the far right ? 
  are you a leftie scum that cares more for other cultures and nations ? 
  not all far right equals unprovoked wars and repressions . 
  western europe is ruled by delusional leftie trash and look how many wars they made and make things even worse . 
  - nope_01 are you trolling ? 
  how do you know it will actually accomplish that ? 
  the reality i will find it harder to get used to is the far right and other extremists gaining more power politically because of that then those migrants will look like even a smaller problem no i dont expect a new hitler or anything that big, 
  so we get lots of refugees anyway great future ahead, 
  i kinda doubt thar article is really an issue since the only ones mentioning it are 1 populist politician and some fringe/far right sites . 
  i guess there is a way to go around it or otherwise our government and president would just say no from the begining instead of bothering to talk about rejecting quotas . 
  yes he does, 
   i think they 're quite happy with the situation now , they are likely to keep crimea , ukraine is pretty much being stopped any chance of entering into the eu or nato , and sanctions may be removed soon - france hopes to end sanctions . 
  yep they only waited to get to that stage before switching to syria, 
  except for the crimea annexation bit, 
  millions of muslims came to where exactly this year ? 
  do you have a source ? 
   if this becomes a a germans verses muslims thing , or european verses muslims or refugees , then it wo n't solve anything . 
  it will solve a problem of geting votes for some politicians, 
  yep, 
   who 's going to come after him ? 
  who has popular support ? 
  who is strong enough to take the country and fight isis after this ? 
  the rebels anyway with isis gone from there ( magically since i dont see russia pulling it off ) there will still be lots of migrants because of assad 's regime, 
  we may not have enough gas to matter enough and the politicians probably got a lot of bribes in that 12 billion euros nuclear deal,
