  georgia ? 
   russia has tried to seek closer ties with the west russia said no to joining nato when the idea was talked about russia just wanted to pretend that it plays nice for a while ( rebuilding the country with western support !, 
  ) , to gain strong enough energy deals and only then show it 's true interests , after it had leverage . 
  now we see what happens . 
  is it possible that the next government will be the red-brown type ? 
  like in greece, 
  so kinda like everywhere else, 
  also if erdogan somehow gets some free movement deal then he will have fewer of them to worry about, 
  i see you post on / r/whiterights you learned that ` fact ' there or where ? 
  more and more often i see posters from that sub come to / r/europe, 
   the funniest thing is , he 's playing right into the hands of terrorist scumbags and the question is how much of it is intentional, 
   i see a bizarre narrative on this subreddit where more conservative people are a suppressed minority afraid to speak out in case they are labelled xenophobic . 
  i have no idea where it comes from . 
  victimising bullshit to make themselves more believable, 
  but but you are a cultural marxist if you dare criticise right wingers, 
  http://time.com/3605080/russia-france-national-front/ the fn is highly supportive of russia including the annexation of crimea and the ukraine war the french investigative news site mediapart first broke the news that the national front had taken the loan , with a 6 % interest rate , from first czech russian bank , a small moscow-based institution , the chairman of which is roman popov . 
  mediapart said the deal emerged partly as a result of le pen 's visit to moscow last february , where she met alexander babakov , a russian lawmaker with connections to putin . 
  babakov , who owns businesses in ukraine , was placed under e.u. 
  sanctions in april in retaliation for putin annexing crimea from ukraine . 
  people want negative news i guess something to be disturbed by . 
  already done :d yes i recognised omar actor, 
  oz done bcs waiting for new season will check other 2, 
  already saw that, 
  1 more ep and i finish it all what else is similar to it ? 
  lol syria is a mess because of a dictator in the first place, 
  dont worry about europe juncker is probably ok with it, 
  why does this crap have so many upvotes ? 
   unless something massive changes , these attacks will keep happening short term it will happen regardless of what realistically can change, 
  with him i expect more of the same, 
  is this the leak ? 
  i doubt it wasnt done on purpose for propaganda, 
  meaning china 's, 
  lol you really doubted that, 
  putin must be so happy thinking about that, 
  domino effect le pen president is very bad for the eu, 
  there may have been more attacks without it, 
   congrats romania  btw next year we will have triple deficit , over 3 % . 
  that 's good it 's important to understand that politicians fear this lgbt support in conservative countries because it means many lost votes so if they see people support it then they do change stance . 
  it 's not like they really have an ideology , they do n't really care about the issue . 
  from the eu ? 
  bruxelles , germany first need putin 's approval for any positive move on ukraine, 
   the impact on the state budget has n't been determined yes they all voted for something so big without checking how it will be done . 
  even the opposition who supports a new pm who will have to deal with the budget mess . 
  there are elections next year ( more ideas like this will come ) and there are other spending reforms done ( for other wages including of politicians , higher allowances , etc ) but the big issue is that there is a very important liberal tax reform done and all this could get the deficit over 3 % next year doubling the one for 2015 . 
  the target deficit for next year is 1.2 . 
  the ec thinks tax reforms alone will get the deficit to 3.5 % . 
  some estimate the impact of the raise is 0.7 % . 
  the proposal was made just a few days ago and its very surprising that it all went so fast . 
  the mp who proposed is from the socialdem party who likely goes into opposition now ( helping make it hard for whoever replaces them to govern . 
  if they somehow block the raise then they get a big image hit ) . 
  their party chief said there should be responsability with the budget but he was either bullshitting or he cant control his party . 
  today he says he didnt know about the amendment lol . 
  the budget law for next year is still being worked on . 
  last year iirc we finished it in the last days of december btw there are many state workers , they are 1/4th of the total . 
   go sark did you see his crimea stances lately ? 
  and what his mps are doing there http://www.worldbulletin.net/news/162333/sarkozys-party-mps-to-visit-occupied-crimea https://www.rt.com/news/230283-sarkozy-crimea-russia-blamed/ he 's becoming as proamerican as le pen, 
  maybe no but i hope sarkozy or le pen do n't win either, 
  i thought portugal has some lng thing going on, 
  what are their policies on energy diversification , eastern europe , nato and russia ? 
  checked works for me, 
  also see the terrible results of the riga summit and minsk not negociating crimea ( hell , the eu didnt want to negociate anything , just france and germany who have bigger russian interests ), 
   the party on the third place ( pp-dd ) has dissolved and it 's mps went their separate ways . 
  mainly to another small party unpr which is in parliament without being voted for ( used psd 's electoral lists ), 
   the three baltic republics want to switch their electricity grid from a russian to a european system is there bruxelles support or does it bend over to russian interests ? 
  the way merkel and juncker like to, 
  why is there a but, 
  whats a guran ? 
  and siberia, 
  i know what you 're saying but ` non corrupt ' pm ? 
  do you know that there 's the same majority in power anyway ? 
  the one pulling the strings there is an ex minister sentenced for voting fraud i rather think of it as ` the lesser evil ', 
   does he have any non corrupt pm material in sight ? 
  theres no such thing just someone with better image and no criminal case ... yet, 
  its not just the 2 % theres a whole problem with ostpolitik, 
  notice the attention russian state press pays to separatists, 
  i am kinda surprised , since every bnd activity is supervised by nsa maybe its not really like that, 
  or maybe the vestehrers spy on allies as favour to russia, 
  only yesterday did we ask for eu/nato help and not even that was requested properly . 
  a week after the fire when it was obvious from the start we wont be able to handle this . 
  we had close to 10 more deaths just in the last couple of days . 
  relatives of a patient were sent to bruxelles when the patient was actually in austria such a mess, 
  this should confuse the conspiratards, 
  authorities knew it too the superficiality is telling of their stance on it, 
   currently * romania * , croatia and bulgaria are activelly working to join ez authorities wouldnt keep postponing the joining date ( happening long before the euro crisis btw ) if that was true most of the needed reforms arent being made ( even reforms needed for the economy 's sake , not just for joining ez ), 
  i know about nashi but what is stopham ? 
  yeah  ) dumbasses there 's also a hdd iirc sent to someone, 
  short term yes longer term no, 
  the owners of the pirotechnics firm were found to have destroyed evidence, 
  here 's a reason for you to understand the interim announced today that only 7 % of schools in romania meet safety regulations is that reason for you ? 
  german, 
  btw i wonder how russian state press portrays these events here, 
  so far he is very quiet he has mandate til 2019 btw, 
  no but when the sentence comes close he will invent tumours and all kinds of stuff i guess like the capital mayor did when he got arrested now that he is released we hear nothing about his tumours anymore that his lawyers speculated about, 
  there will be more details sunday i think from the president i dunno more than that, 
  maybe after some more politicians quit like the senate chief and the ombudsman and some others, 
  it 's not really the first visit since he was already sent to trial but before only lawyers came when asked by press he didnt want to answer much saying that now he is a private person ( he is a deputy ! ), 
  oh and his wife 's ( an mep ) bakery was closed because it ran without permits ( iirc after the fire the pm wanted checks everywhere . . most shops and clubs are closed though ) . 
  the interim pm said now that only 7 % of schools have safety permits he wants his case sent back to prosecution for some reason ( likely to buy time ), 
   corruption is seen by the thousands of people who have been taking to the streets for the past days as the main reason for the 32 deaths and the dozens of wounded that are fighting for their lives in the hospitals , with little hope . 
  it 's 34 today and only now , 7 days after the fire , is the government asking for eu help ( some sort of mechanism ) .
