  this is in addition to an annual gross salary of approximately $ 95,000 . 
  you have independence day ? 
  easy to confuse him :d, 
  how come you are always at the bottom on any germany related thread ? 
  with vucic yeah, 
  source pls i found 1.3 % for 2013 http://www.multpl.com/macedonia-military-spending, 
  especially now with a more antiwestern government, 
  no i wondered if there is a term for it :d ty, 
  yeah tshirt guys in parliament really are weird we have one like that and all he really cares about is dolphins being recognised as persons he 's an attention whore and a clown, 
  you are special then, 
  yes he is, 
  did he say eussr ? 
  lol is he a conspiratard ? 
  i like this method of trying to hide who 's side he is on and pretending he is balanced . 
  he makes a very small criticism of putin `` not a very nice individual '' and then goes all about the eu . 
  then only a few countries should be in it, 
   did n't get bombed by nato , it still looked like this in the 90s https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfx4gjbsi0g, 
  similar issue how did croatia manage to be much more succesful than serbia ? 
  the opposition itself knew from the start it has low chance to pass :\\, 
  til norwegian oil companies build nuclear reactors !, 
  the problem is jingoist russia with it 's very perverse policies like your putin promotes must not be depended on for energy and let this blackmail tool to be even more powerful . 
  allowing more russian subversion will make the eu even weaker . 
  tldr 417 mps of 554 were present so about 140 were missing . 
  214 mps cast their votes and 7 votes were annulled . 
  votes are secret and ruling mps were told to stay in their benches . 
  this is a trick to make sure there are no betrayal votes because you ca n't check who it was which was also used by part of the opposition that was governing in 2011 during that motion . 
  the motion was signed by 183 by 2 opposition groups pnl ( main opposition group who was led by the current president ) and psro ( formed recently by a senator kicked by the pm from his party because he 's a rival ) they needed 278 to pass the coalition in power has ~ 330/554 mps i think it 's likely that some in the opposition voted against another motion will come in autumn monday the parliament blocked the pm from being indicted with conflict of interests and now it saves him again . 
  trust in parliament is ~ 12 % ( april poll data ), 
  no because norway is trustworthy , russia is not . 
  but nevermind that , it 's obviously passionate russophobia . 
  only when putin 's troops win a battle, 
   still i can \u00b4 t understand why they didn \u00b4 t take that help here 's an idea politicians of countries like these are influenced by very rotten businessmen and they dont like paying taxes, 
  so varoufakis , this god of reddit , is manipulating iirc we also had offer from germany to help with tax specialists . 
  guess if we accepted . 
  judging by how some romanians react this could even be a boost, 
  the european union times ? 
  what dont u like ? 
  it has yuropean union in title so it is reliable also ` times ', 
  yes . 
  without the conspiratard bs which is 99 % of the rest of that article . 
   and in what is , perhaps , a fitting setting for these warmonger western leaders as our world stands , once again , on the verge of total war , this report concludes , this sunday , 6 june , they will all meet together to further plan their conquests at one of adolph hitler 's favorite estates called elmau castle in the bavarian alps , germany , surrounded by 17,000 police and military forces to protect them from their own citizens as befits such totalitarian monsters such as these . 
  so the fascist loving nwo is bringing ww3 really ? 
  straight kremlin narrative, 
  lol what a conspiratard source it has . 
  it 's amazing how both russian propaganda and conspiracies go hand in hand . 
  op you disappoint me http://www.whatdoesitmean.com/index1876.htm the source is yakubov http://sputniknews.com/europe/20150603/1022888233.html and the story is 2 weeks old and nothing happened  `` the ministry of defense is left with no other option than to supply russian forces with all the necessities by air bridge , with military-transport aircraft , '' yuri yakubov , a senior russian mod official , said after the ukrainian vote . 
  so does fn learn these things from the kremlin ? 
  cyberattacks from the us now after the g7 ? 
  it 's china or russia, 
   in a recent statement , russia expressed concerns about the potential threats that the pipeline poses to the caspian region 's ecology . 
  well maybe the russian government is a big supporter of enviromentalism . 
   the possibility of connection of turkmen gas to the southern gas corridor jeopardizes russia 's interests in the european gas market . 
  if the trans-caspian pipeline project is realized , moscow will have to divvy market share not only with azerbaijan , but also with turkmenistan . 
  it 's just a coincidence you russophobic op !, 
  its not my problem zvezda used it, 
  you were saying you were a communist some time ago iirc ? 
  and now it disturbs you that maybe this makes this holy ideology look bad ? 
  follow the links and they cite it from zvezda tv russian army 's tv channel which used a comment from an ` analyst ' from some kind of propaganda news site focused on ukraine http://www.politnavigator.net/, 
  who 's attacking ? 
  i know and you make it look like he is some kind of mastermind bringing romania and ukraine together to invade just like russian state propaganda says, 
  i can find the story on other more reliable sources if you want it 's been all over mainstream press, 
  til president of ukraine and romania is saakashvilli . 
  he doesnt get to decide invasions you putinist, 
  says * russ warrior * on twitter, 
  damn it !, 
  they found out, 
  see guys this is why guys like that minister get in power in the first place romanians like that kind of sayings , look at the other comments . 
  you vote psd iirc, 
  he still runs it but just until new elections soon ( early next year maybe ), 
  against were mainly from germany , france , uk , italy , spain and greece, 
  you are n't explaining how ` the eu is forcing mass migration ' are there soldiers or something rounding people up at gunpoint to send them somewhere else ? 
   migration forced by the eu really ? 
  not longterm tho, 
   the usual coalition of far-right and far-left russia 's far right and far left friends in europe analysis by the hungarian political capital institute - pdf www.wilsoncenter.org/sites/default/files/pc_prezi_wilsoncentre.pdf, 
  it 's an ancient study so it should stay in history and not in the present, 
  lol and our main ones are about crossing the carpathians, 
  yeah he does vote sometimes 11 out of 908 votes in the plenary . 
  and ? 
  well there is that horseshoe theory . . 
  * pat on the neck *, 
   and a year earlier kept parents of children killed in a plane crash waiting at a cemetery for two hours . 
  lovely guy putin is, 
  perverse isnt it, 
  i think he ca n't be so stupid to say then when there is that no confidence vote tomorrow and he secretly wants protests to pressure the pm . 
  big betrayals are common . 
  btw both his group and the opposition cancelled their protests . 
  he 's an experienced politician , been ( badly btw ) governing before . 
  the justice minister just 2 days earlier threatened the opposition with criminal complaints for organising protests and now he changed party . 
  something 's going on :\\, 
  it will be official when it 's in that official monitor thingy, 
  not yet official remember how valcov gave his resignation but the pm accepted it only a week later when prosecutors asked for arrest too ? 
  meanwhile he was still working at the ministry like normal, 
  related there was some propaganda last week in russian army owned zvezda tv that romania plans to attack transnistria, 
   farage is n't . 
  the admirer of putin ? 
  maybe there is still a lot of russian intelligence influence in france like back in soviet times http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/france%e2%80%93russia_relations#russian_intelligence_services_in_france, 
  he also said that his statement ( live on tv last night btw ) was positive , he is sorry if someone was hurt by this and maybe , eventually , sometime , he could offer his resignation to the pm . 
  there 's a generally negative attitude from his party agaisnt the diaspora since almost nobody there votes for them tomorrow is a motion of no confidence vote, 
  did some googling and it seems to be a thing look at stormfronters https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t729811/  european-nationalist need an international organization that promotes our values . 
  i know in europe there 's a small organization called alliance of european national movements .
