   marshall help people keep referring to it while completely ignoring the greater context . 
  if the greeks want german treatment then we should dissolve the greek government , place the country under an allied military government while it is restructured top-to-bottom , and force the greek people into a nation-wide re-education program . 
  and bind any kind of debt relief on a guarantee of trade - and budget-surpluses . 
  why not good news ? 
   average ~ ~ joe ~ ~ ivan, 
  no rains here all week and only 35-40 degrees weather :( only tomorrow it should rain, 
  try with another referendum, 
  rouble ? 
  the us is quite unpopular in greece , right ? 
  something like ~ 30 % in polls ? 
  i bet you would n't think the same if nd was in power instead . 
  the prosecutors are also investigating, 
  birthplace of democracy !, 
  many crooked politicians hoped for kovesi to stay in bruxelles in 2012 the current government sent her to work there for 3 years but after a few months she was named at the anticorruption agency so she came back . 
  i guess they changed their minds after some eu complaints about the naming procedures . 
  yeah interim oprea a few days ago allowed for them to get about half more prosecutors . 
  no extra budget tho or anything else to cover this . 
  so we could * potentially * go from ~ 80 to ~ 130 i think no reaction from kovesi yet, 
  that agency isnt our dna that one is focused just on checking wealth statements of officials and things like that . 
  they seem consistent at it too i mean this is no exceptional event here, 
  btw last autumn they had seizures on lukoil when they first started investigating ( 230m euros fraud ) and our pm ponta was critical of prosecutors and the next day they lifted the seizure . 
  older story in english http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/06/russia-lukoil-romania-probe-idusl6n0s13gx20141006 lukoil threatened to close the factory this new seizure is worth 2 billion euros, 
  castro too applauded tsipras ' victory, 
   former finance minister varoufakis , started out in pasok , and his father and mother were active in that party . 
  his second wife belongs to one of those 800 families that control 90 % of the gdp . 
  very interesting . 
  more details . 
   which are not populists in the ep ? 
  all that dont side with syriza obviously, 
   tsipras is a clown . 
  at best, 
   / r/enoughkrugmanspam lol there 's a sub just for krugman 's bullshit http://i.imgur.com/waomv.jpg  )  but now he is nothing more than a public `` intellectual '' pushing his agenda . 
  what agenda do you suspect ? 
   almost all the economists source ? 
   lots of friends and acquaintances ask for receipt now more than before . 
  this wo n't last long . 
  it 's very difficult to win something now at the lottery and people are giving up collecting so many receipts . 
   bs we call all osce watchers useless . 
  they only can watch for ukrainian forces , but ca n't control russian i wonder if it has something to do with the fact that serbian minister dacic is the chairman of osce, 
  do we know yet if this actually helped get more tax money ? 
   if your own prime minister travels abroad for an operation , what does that say about your country 's health care system ? 
  it 's very common for politicians here to go somewhere else for treatment . 
   ponta , for his part , is also facing charges of corruption and critics have said he used the surgery to sidestep the probe . 
  he left somewhere else for a ` much needed ' surgery on the same day when he first came to the anticorruption agency 's office where there were lots of press cameras like usual . 
  the thing is it was n't so important if he had time for , in the same day , go to baku for that sports event ( even tho he was supposed to be in budapest at a political meeting ) . 
  he then flew with erdogan 's plane to a clinic owned by erdogan 's family . 
  what helps him is staying away wont affect his bad image as much as going to the office there who knows how many times . 
   ponta told antena 3 btw this tv channel ( high viewership and a big promoter of the government ) is the worst media here , it has a financer already in jail and it 's directors ( relatives of his ) are on their way there too . 
  very partisan and deceitful , i like rt and fox more than that . 
  it cares a lot less than the us, 
   what most people think source ? 
  here on reddit ? 
  you really dont see it ? 
  the eurasian union awaits you, 
   i do n't quite see why romania would want one a favor to erdogan from our ` socialdems ' that have strong ties with him . 
  this i guess will help erdogan gain votes in the future . 
  most of them here vote with him i think . 
  bullshit the surface will be 11k sq m and the one in rome has 30k . 
  ours will service 2k people and rome 's services 12k . 
  build size i ca n't find but it ca n't be bigger than rome 's when it services 6 times less people . 
  london 's is probably bigger too http://www.dailysabah.com/nation/2015/06/24/turkey-to-build-mosque-in-romania-in-exchange-for-land-for-a-church english we have few muslims here btw . 
  a few tens of thousands i think and most are native ( turks and tatars ), 
   it 's cancerous because no one can actually have a discussion on the disadvantages of austerity without getting downvoted . 
  how terrible , the internet karma points !, 
  you get downvoted on reddit everywhere and on any issue . 
  it just happens . 
  really ? 
  and does somebody miss berlusconi as pm ? 
   national socialists nazis ? 
  ahahah it 's cancerous because not all of us eat syriza 's and the populist left 's bullshit i apologise, 
   main investigative deparment of the general prosecutor 's office nice aiming for big fish now the trick is now to hope they rat on others and catch bigger ones, 
   what is the incentive for the likes of romania or bulgaria to keep low deficits now btw our new tax reform will get us to ~ 3 % deficit next year currently we have 1 . something i think the gov rejects any criticism that it wont be sustainable, 
  well look who syriza governs with, 
  but muh cradle of democracy !, 
  really ? 
  most threads are progreece so quit complaining, 
   there is no point in granting putin a foothold in southern europe they dont actually care about geopolitics just look at how weakly orban and hungary are dealt with some in the eu may even be secretly glad to see it move towards putin, 
  yeah sure he is, 
  niculae got sent to jail a few months ago http://www.vanguardngr.com/2015/04/romanias-richest-man-jailed-for-illegal-financing-presidential-campaign/, 
  with the same deep problems ? 
  the same overspending , tax evasion and corruption ? 
  they will magically have a good economy then ? 
  i 'm expecting someone worse than varoufakis to replace him . 
  back to basics eh, 
  it 's funny how the kremlin and it 's media do n't recognise that . 
  everybody else in europe is literally homonazi , except the ones that actually are far right but it 's ok because russia supports them . 
  argentina with scotland, 
  latest poll in same month with elections https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_presidential_election,_2014#opinion_polls in 11 polls between july and november ( election month ) ponta had ~ 55 % in almost all of them including the last 3, 
  iirc it was giving a 45 % loss to iohannis, 
  yeah the homonazi junta coup how is it bringing the 3rd world war ? 
  it went on covering older debts of greece, 
  yeah blame the attacked one for bringing ww3, 
  i wonder how much it is here ~ 50 % i think btw sometimes prosecutors catch doctors allowing early retirement fraudulently ( because of ` medical problems ' ) to hundreds of people ( ie just a week ago 300 were caught ) . 
  i wonder how this is in greece . 
  and it 's just 1.8 billion compare that to how many in greece ? 
  lol, 
  he 's just the speaker of the russian lower chamber of parliament, 
  its better not to open the tv, 
  we could use a tax like that to invest in their original places but there 's war there, 
   he does n't care about the larger consequences for the eu , if they give in to his extortion attempts .
