  you guys starting to make progress , too ? 
  :d btw just today the psd deputies chief got accused in his 3rd case and an ex psd minister got his 2nd one, 
  quickly edit crimea blue or fsb will come knocking at the door, 
  any ban even selfimposed is spinned by local propaganda as being the fault of the decadent west anyway so more bans means more domestic support for kremlin, 
  plenty of them do but it 's not a majority, 
  http://imgur.com/wh2eeq7 mine is more nuanced we 're supposed to colour just europe , right ? 
  so the us is doing more about this than the eu . 
  is the epp the problem ? 
  who in epp cares much about protecting orban ? 
  is it the cdu and csu in germany ? 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/booming-silence-europe-s-conservatives-fail-to-criticize-hungary-a-810863.html i keep noticing how supportive germany is of putin and his allies in the eu . 
  i 'm starting to think it 's about more than trade and energy . 
  is this it ? 
  i think people would rather be unemployed there than here  ), 
   joining nato would just press russia furthuer into a corner and make them more aggressive than they are right now . 
  it 's likely that they will be more aggressive anyway, 
  i think they really want to be attacked . 
  cia propaganda or some gps problems . . they went there by mistake like when they said russian soldiers crossed ukraine 's border by mistake, 
  1 big reason talking much about it gives ammo to the parties that lean towards moscow and they have much support already another reason : money !, 
  who 's gon na pay ? 
  maybe after a while they make good use of eu funds and make it easier to reunify, 
  something around 35 000 says 2011 census, 
   sometimes they have a horse carriage which they drive on the road , like it 's 1899 proof https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31luajib7qa, 
  most people and politicians here are for reunification on the other side it can go either way ( more than half for it but that is not enough imo ) and the parties that do n't want this have pretty big support ( around a third i think ) a lot depends on the next elections in november, 
   people who go to work in other countries are a large contributing factor . 
  that 's not really relevant because they tend to not come back, 
  i suspect they actually live there or at least have some sort of . . ` business ' and they return here just for important events and to show how rich they are notice the german flag on one of the cars it 's there to brag about where they come from, 
  iirc sarkozy did just that, 
  it 's probably more than that but most are still here anyway, 
  btw soem of those houses are built ilegally i mean they do n't have all the permits and all that but they have connections so they dont get their houses bulldozed, 
  yeah what if they carry the homogay disease ? 
  maybe they put some additive in the paint because i still think it 's whitewash http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whitewash#additives, 
  ive never seen anything other than whitewash used, 
  * grabs popcorn * lukashenko going against putler is fun to see, 
  is there any recent not very unreliable poll on the next elections ? 
  i think they 're next month, 
  it 's a long time until 2024, 
   they then decide not to use because electricity and plumbing are products of vlach magic which they do n't want to be associated with . 
  lol, 
  they are his daughters-in-law , nephews , grand-nephews and daughters and another half of the family was n't there when the pictures were taken btw the men do n't want to use condoms and the women do n't know how to read the clock and things like that so they ca n't take pills properly source from the article posted somewhere above where op got the pics from, 
  problems because of http://www.belaruspartisan.org/economic/282936/ ? 
   this album gives a much more representative view of what life in romanian villages is truly like . 
  most villages do n't look that good, 
  there are also lots of gypsies that are very rich ie the clan ones and the manele singers http://imgur.com/a/np8mn see this video http://stirileprotv.ro/stiri/social/botez-cu-caleasca-de-aur-cel-mai-bogat-tigan-din-vestul-romaniei-a-fost-nasul-lui-rohan.html - gold carriage most of their money is from illegal business with real estate , scrap metals , begging , human trafficking, 
   `` our propaganda is better than your propaganda ! '', 
  it probably is though, 
  yeah but not soon, 
  there 's talk about that too but afaik that is the back up plan it 's best for both to stay separate at least for a couple more decades, 
  maybe they are required to pick a date and it does n't really matter if it feasible or not iirc we picked 2019 for euro and i really doubt we will be ready, 
  few as much as you, 
  more competition leads to more wars if you have n't noticed, 
   solzhenitsyn btw is n't he a big support of putin ? 
  what about food though do you have any swans left ? 
   you will be very disappointed . 
  i do n't think many expect to be well seen . 
  yeah, 
  i dont think there 's 1 country in the balkans that actually likes their neighbours much, 
  i bet they get at least merkel 's support that way . 
  good, 
  can you tell me how prorussian each of the parties in parliament are ? 
  yeah, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_african_federation what 's that white bit in the middle of it ? 
  is it a non eac country ? 
  nvm african great lakes, 
  gib moni plus they have really bad media, 
  17 % green is really interesting it shows we do n't really know what to think of them same with ukraine now, 
  but we do n't play the same hurr durr save our poor oppressed minorities even though we 'd have a lot more to complain about than you do, 
  the eu is n't very disturbed by orban so it could work anyway it wo n't join soon and until then business will be more or less back to normal with russia i do think it will still divide the eu even more, 
  i ca n't find any polls on how the uk views other eu countries or just romania . 
  it 's because you moan a lot i mean you have lots of vocal irredentists especially when you have elections, 
   muslim countries would be added there , you would be even higher up in the chart . 
  ( there are other polls that show that so do n't down vote me for such a generalization . ), 
  they are n't rated high because we just do n't really have ties with them so there 's no reason for that i mean what do we have to do with , say , tunisia or bangladesh ? 
  he can make water into palinc\u0103, 
   when i went to romania there were germans everywhere we went that was even mildly touristy , and they were genuinely rude to the locals . 
  maybe i just got a bad batch of tourists that week and they 're normally alright ? 
  they could piss on their heads and they 'd still be high in polls, 
  bingo if we judge by history then france should be 1st or at least higher though but maybe not so many know history well, 
  in the 90s there were lots of belgian pedos around here giving candy to street kids to do u know what - i remember it was on the news pretty often germany because of historic relations ( back to king carol ) or idk there 's some stereotype about germans and it gives them great image, 
   ukraine - snake island that is n't the reason it 's because it was in russia 's orbit for so long these kind of countries are n't popular here, 
  are you serious . . ? 
  only 2 or 3 you can thank history for that and orban and putin do n't help at all to improve ties, 
  they never pick many countries to ask about for polls like this poland sides much with hungary historically so that 's why . . guess against who, 
  there 's ' \u021a\u0103rile de jos ' too but nobody really uses it :\\, 
  i 'm guessing it 's because of their 2nd last ambassador ( he left to moscow recently ) because he was often in the media so maybe that helped . 
  is this a repost or did they do a new poll ? 
  btw reader 's digest asked 10 european countries which country they like less in a recent poll guess who 's nr 1 http://fbx.ro/5k6mlmqtfjngger0 http://imgur.com/h7an8b6 i want source, 
  no worries we all live in camps in parks, 
  is n't that already kinda the case with the ep ? 
  meps voted by them make rules for you too, 
  yeah http://www.anticorruption-romania.org/home/news-from-romania/176-over-850-romanians-convicted-for-corruption-ministers-mps-judges-mayors-prosecutors i wonder if there 's an up to date article because we 've had quite a lot more politicians sentenced since then, 
  oh yeah good idea, 
  why ? 
   to be honest , if this keeps up for another 5 years , we 'll be a corruption free government for the first time in the history of the country . 
  5 years is very optimistic, 
  psd is in power and mitrea is psd deputy in the microsoft case ( a big thing now ) we got top politicians from both power and opposition in trouble most big cases here seem to be like that in the last years most of the ones in trouble are from psd and it makes sense to me because it is usually the biggest party and probably the crookedest one since the 90s, 
  also in this case are involved judges , another psd deputy , prince paul and princess lia ( hohenzollerns )  in a case where roughly 43,000 hectares ( 430 sq km ) of forest land was illegally granted to private third parties in 2012 . btw half of our woodland ( 3m hectares ) was given back to their rightful owners in the last 25 years except 20 % which was given ilegally ( like in this case ) and most of forests that were left to the state were cut ilegally with damages being of around 5b euros that is from the accounting court 's report the general prosecutor 's office and the finance minister knew since 2011 about this and did nothing, 
  just 2 years but it 's not unlikely to see bigger sentences from the high court next and today an ex deputy got 6 months for conflict of interests, 
  there would n't be any problems here . 
  none at all .
