   he is studying medicine yes lots of middle easterners in general come to study medicine here . 
  it 's cheap for them i guess . 
  some north africans too ( francophiles ) . 
  hey that meat left here with the proper label fyi, 
  hmm we have something with midwife too fuck your midwife on ice or something, 
  got that too, 
  fuck your mother 's dead ones, 
  im gon na use winrar next . 
  apparently it has an option in settings to specifically delete leftover filesl ike that, 
  njet, 
  its very difficult to find that temporary file it makes . 
  i have a feeling it is n't 1 big one but multiple small ones hell knows where . 
  knife ? 
  * scratches knife on wall *, 
  it happed twice to me and always after extracting an archive, 
  but tetris sux, 
  i 'm ok with giving them more power locally but this greater hungary crap coming from orban and his local puppets only make matters worse . 
  we do n't yet have a jobbik type party in our parliament btw , these kind of politicians are still weak and this provocating will help them gain power and in no way help to descentralise which we plan to do . 
  this would only help hungarian populist interests since they will have something better to fight against so win-win for populists on both sides which is what i 'm worried about . 
  even to give autonomy out constitution doesnt allow ( minority rights btw are strong anyway in general ) and we tried changing it a few years ago but too few came to vote . 
  it 's just very difficult . 
  can i have gold ? 
  i know how it is with hungarian top politicians and their sponsored local rightwingers trying to stir shit up especially around elections . 
  i 'm happy ours are n't yet going the same full retard mode to feed the trolling because that would be more destabilising for both sides . 
   you always take info with a grain of salt a very big block in this case, 
  lol, 
  my favorite drink is some kind of sour cherries brandy, 
  dunno why but 7zip sometimes leaves some occupied space on my hdd even after the extraction is long done i unpacked something big last week and somehow after it was all done i had 3gb less space in c :\\ . 
  it cleared the next day ( i did try restarting and checking for any weird big file with windirstat , ccleaner too ) lol 7zip fanboys downvoting ? 
  looks like a painting, 
  i like stalker too but i havent seen solaris yet i dont like tetris, 
  nice i was actually thinking earlier about making this kind of thread i appreciate the dashcam videos :d if only we had them used more commonly here too . . 
  it talks about a russian made virus, 
  afaik at least in the 90s we had significant trade with them but it went down much in the last 8 years or so . 
  currently we dont even import energy from them . 
  btw permanent bases will be fully ready here in 2018, 
  they are much different sanctions btw with what reason to they suddenly ban food imports from them ? 
  you ca n't explain it because you understand little, 
  you mean something like this http://www.academia.edu/1705362/myth_in_romanian_folklore_themes_motifs_and_archetypes_poster_ ? 
   head of russian railways yakunin ranting about `` global financial oligarchy 's '' plans to install chips in every person on the planet how nice of russia to fuel conspiratards . . no wonder rt airs this kind of stuff . 
  i wonder if it somehow sponsors nutjobs like alex jones . 
   i do n't think it is feasible to go into apocalyptic war over 300 civilians . 
  so dont investigate russia because it brings ww3 ? 
  and you figured this out how ? 
  montenegro ? 
  i thought relations between the 2 were changing, 
  maybe it 's trolls, 
  imagine some kind of boardwalk empire tv show in russia with cola instead of alcohol, 
   they will grow also when good infrastructure reaches them if, 
  lots of sh cars from there get bought, 
  i understand nothing, 
  has there been any reaction from the west on this ? 
  beards ? 
  resentful in relation to what ? 
  aliens from mars did, 
  libya , ukraine , georgia ? 
  maybe it depends how well populists next door do, 
   well actually trust it when it comes to issues on west . 
  as if it doesnt have interests of its own against the west too, 
  source ? 
  howd you find out that out of the literally thousands of western mediums it is better ? 
  you trust it when it comes to issues on the middle east wars , israel , iran ? 
  our socialdems play this foreign conspirators thing too, 
   now they are neck to neck . 
  why ? 
  that we have some secret big lasers in the mountains that ceausescu used to fend off the russians that attacked melting their tanks after he rejected invading cz in '68 a different kind of theory would be that the romanian 1989 revolution was more like a coup organised by promoscow nomenklature, 
   switzerland would remain neutral of course . 
  it will be the battleground, 
  o.o we have a dino park ? 
  http://www.agerpres.ro/english http://www.nineoclock.ro/ http://www.romaniajournal.ro/ http://actmedia.eu/ http://www.balkans.com/country-romania_new.php, 
  no the trouble is many in the west have economic and maybe even more ideological interests with russia . 
  that 's why . 
  the way of zorba, 
  nope, 
  duly noted, 
  lets post rainbows !, 
  infesting ? 
  they are few, 
  weird . 
  i 've seen him often in the media . 
  the media shows it because some people do care check out any polls with them, 
  hmm i can then understand that the kremlin is disappointed with the influence gained by putinbots on reddit ? 
  im shocked the guy who wants out of nato wants closer ties to russia btw somebody tell this great leftist that russia is very right wing, 
  id be happy with a live stream, 
  wtf btw lol imagine a french president say hollande do that :d, 
   corbyn falling into the rhetorical trap set up by the russians . 
  falling into as if he does n't know what game he plays ... 
  is this for real ? 
  they are n't a commercial channel ( notice they dont have show pepsi ads and stuff like that , just their own services ) so all their funding comes from the mother firm rds btw they said they wont apply for funding like from that one ponta made, 
  hard to turn like that one reason is they dont depend on making ratings for their money . 
  yeah then it will somehow go full antena3, 
  it 's a lot more than a few cases more than 30 ministers ffs, 
  everyone is nasty in that game, 
  i bet this idiot is an admirer of putin too, 
  some idiots here btw think we are inferior because the rich countries have bigger debts and deficits, 
  we already had a few election seasons with them and they did great its not new anymore, 
  i suspect it was that cabbage meal the poles have too . . forgot the name, 
  its more than eu forcing otherwise bulgaria would do better too now, 
  what games, 
   the big fish in terms of corruption are not yet targeted ... and i do n't think they will be .
