  yermakova is on the record as believing that men , as a sex , evolved from early hermaphrodite amazonians . 
  she 's one of russia 's leading anti-gmo campaigners , claiming that genetically modified foods are actually an american bioweapon aimed at committing genocide against russia . 
  in handing her the award , russia 's scientific community was seeking to demonstrate that , even in trying times , it has n't lost its sense of humor . 
  the event organizer , alexander sokolov , a science journalist and award-winning author , issued a defiant proclamation from the stage : `` let as many people as possible see that science is alive in russia and that it can defend itself ! '' except there 's growing evidence it ca n't . 
  science is under assault in the land that has produced some 17 nobel prize winners in the sciences . 
  it 's not just that funding has been slashed ( though it has ) or that the field struggles with corruption and brain drain ( though it does ) . 
  members of the scientific community say one of the biggest issues they face is the recent embrace of pseudoscientists like yermakova by the russian state . 
  the kremlin has elevated and institutionalized their ideas , often mixing them with a healthy dose of anti-western rhetoric for good measure . 
  yermakova , for example , in addition to her tv spots , has appeared as an expert before the russian parliament , where populist lawmakers use her to back up their case against genetically modified foods . 
  `` russia has been pressured into gmo after its accession to the [ world trade organization ] , '' majority party member of parliament yevgeny fedorov told state channel rossiya 24 in 2014 in words that echoed yermakova 's views . 
  `` this is political pressure ; its goal is to create risks of sterilization '' to shrink the russian population , he said . 
  russia passed a law in july banning production of genetically modified foods , despite repeated protests by the russian academy of sciences . 
  other believers in fringe pseudoscience who have been elevated to positions of authority include mikhail kovalchuk , a physicist from vladimir putin 's inner circle who presides over the kurchatov institute , a nuclear energy research institution . 
  last year ( the same day moscow began its bombing campaign in syria ) , kovalchuk gave a presentation to russian senators warning that the global elite , overseen by the united states , is developing a special human subspecies -- a genetically different caste of laboring `` servant people '' who eat little , think small , and reproduce only on command . 
  ( buried beneath the wacky conspiracy theory and anti-western hyperbole was a lobbying pitch for more state funding so that his institute could stay ahead of the curve on groundbreaking research . ), 
  in some cases , these figures have already done real damage . 
  kovalchuk is one of putin 's top science advisors , a veteran senior member of his science council who is also the brother of yuri kovalchuk , a man the u.s. government has called the `` personal banker '' to senior russian officials . 
  kovalchuk 's connections were expected to make him an eventual shoo-in for russia 's top academic post as president of the academy of sciences . 
  the academy 's membership , which selects both members and leaders in democratic votes , unexpectedly resisted kovalchuk , however ; his bid to become a full member of the academy , a requirement to head it , was rejected in 2008 . 
  this and other moves by the academy to reject kovalchuk are believed to have led to a backlash in 2013 , when the russian government moved to dismantle the institution : it took away most of the academy 's property , diluted its ranks by combining it with the less rigorous agriculture and medical academies , and curbed its independence , subjecting it to the supervision of a newly created state agency for scientific organizations . 
  the reforms have done `` great damage '' to the academy , an institution that dates back to the 18th century and serves as the nerve center for a network of russian scientific institutions , said science journalist alexander sergeyev . 
  they 've buried scientists in paperwork and subjected them to the control of non-scientists . 
  meanwhile , kovalchuk 's kurchatov institute is becoming increasingly powerful and has assumed control over some of the academy 's research centers . 
  believers in , and peddlers of , pseudoscience now occupy positions throughout the russian government . 
  anton vaino , putin 's virtually unknown chief of staff , who was elevated to the post in august , published academic work in 2012 on the `` nooscope , '' a baffling mystical instrument that he claims can forecast and control society and the economy by scanning the universe . 
  the kremlin 's ombudswoman for children , anna kuznetsova , appointed in september , reportedly believes in telegony -- the archaic theory that a woman 's child bears the traits of all her past sexual partners . 
  `` such people in power is a new trend that shows that the authorities are no longer afraid of people that are overt carriers of pseudoscientific ideas , '' sergeyev said . 
  `` on the contrary , the authorities are ready to accept them and to be under their influence . '' the russian government 's seeming vendetta against legitimate science is no coincidence , critics say . 
  the kremlin has discovered that pseudoscience fits its present ideological needs . 
  in september , the academy 's special commission to fight russian pseudoscience published a report that found that its rise was in part tied to the country 's growing isolation and nationalism . 
  russians who reject global scientific norms have treated this ideological shift as an opportunity to lobby for government support for their projects . 
  the report concluded that unscientific ideas and projects have thrived in recent years in part by `` speculating on pro-regime ideologies . '' kovalchuk , for example , has theorized that russia could stay ahead of western science by funding an undefined field he calls `` convergent technologies '' ; another argument , currently popular in russia , is that established methods for fighting the spread of hiv , such as condom use , are in fact an american tool to weaken russia . 
  `` the pseudo-patriotic rhetoric that surrounds these para-scientific topics allows their lobbyists to rise to a level far higher than their competence , '' the academy 's report said . 
  meanwhile , the growing link between nationalism and pseudoscience has allowed pseudoscientists to accuse their critics of being unpatriotic russophobes . 
  anatole klyosov , a russian biochemist who worked in the united states before veering off into genetics , last year opened a moscow-based `` academy '' for dna genealogy , a field he claims to have discovered and upholds as a `` patriotic science . '' in the 10 books he has published since 2010 , klyosov has advanced outlandish claims , including the idea that the human species originated in the russian north and that the view that humans derived from africa is an expression of western political correctness . 
  in 2015 , a group of scientists from various fields wrote an open letter saying klyosov 's writing could fuel hatred by `` attracting readers whose nationalist and political ambitions are not satisfied with the world 's scientific body of knowledge . '' klyosov responded in his latest book , which he called lies , insinuations , and russophobia in modern russian science , dismissing his critics as members of a `` fifth column . '' in addition to creating a climate that supports pseudoscience , the kremlin seems to be making efforts to cut off legitimate russian researchers from the outside world , said sergeyev , who is part of the academy 's pseudoscience-fighting commission . 
  whispers last year indicated some universities are reviving the soviet-era requirement that administrators vet scholarly papers before publication while others have imposed a ban on professors giving interviews without first receiving permission . 
  russia has a mixed historical legacy when it comes to science policy . 
  science in the soviet union enjoyed relative prestige , especially fields that had applications for the military , space , and nuclear research . 
  students , beginning from a young age , were encouraged to pursue physics and mathematics in particular ( the country 's proud stock of nobel laureates and fields medalists attests to the success of those efforts ) , and universities headhunted promising students to work in secret government labs in relatively comfortable conditions . 
  but the country has also long been susceptible to the potent combination of political power and pseudoscience . 
  research on an idea known as the torsion field theory , for instance -- which claimed to be able to explain telekinesis and levitation , among other phenomena -- secretly received funding from the soviet military and the kgb in the 1980s despite rejecting basic principles of physics . 
  yeah its not a russia only thing ` illiberal ' type governments everywhere for some reason promote this particular kind of nutjobs, 
  it worked with my ff, 
   from germanic * walhaz ( `` foreigner '' or `` stranger '' ) basically the same ` barbarian ' the southerners were using, 
   the same is valid for garbagemen , for street cleaners , for green space maintenance , for janitors , for every kind of `` dirty '' and hard work that is paid minimum wage . 
  or digging through trash for cans and other metals . 
  it 's kinda eco what they do . 
  idk its more like australian because the ? 
  is upside down, 
  chad has darker blue the yellow looks more mustardy too, 
  no because it will fulfill its destiny, 
  some people overuse it and it works like a punctuation mark lol, 
   the city has a long tradition of winemaking , fishing , shipbuilding , and tourism . 
  lots of tourists come to see the pula, 
  no worries some duct tape will fix it, 
  apparently hungary banned it 's diplomats from participating lol, 
   but sometimes is too hard to resist . 
  they can come up with some very stupid things , that just beg refuting and call for your attention . 
   kind of ironic that the term `` fake news '' was coined and forced by a group of news outlets which led everyone to believe that hillary had a 98 % chance of winning the presidency do you know that even fox news and breitbart showed trump losing ? 
  just w8 this new era is far from finished . 
   general advice for reader is sane and obvius : ignore them . 
  tldr dont feed the trolls, 
  russia seems to be bumping it 's security budget by 1/3 next year . 
  there 's a lot riding on sanctions being lifted . 
  wheres the number for muslims ? 
  i dont see it, 
  stupid idea that wont work in practice, 
  awesome, 
  yeah not some kind of broadsheet, 
  and the rest can get fucked . 
   the_donald it 's more like the_kremlin these guys troll more for russia than even the usual putinists, 
   more so than a candidate who has a money trail which can be traced back directly to the russian government ? 
  both are great news for them . 
  at this point it does n't matter which one wins . 
  for some reason english media isnt picking this up, 
  lol, 
  you know this phenomenon sucks when even buzzfeed is looking at this, 
  this particular article seems fine . 
  actually all their recent analysis ( i do not care for anything else ) are ok . 
  for the awakened generation sounds like some hipster/conspiratard bait, 
  oh i thought it was n't yet decided, 
  what is this evolvepolitics.com ? 
  so he wants his cake and eat it too typical populist peddling, 
  tho it 's kinda green and greenland is the icy one, 
  by all accounts meaning feels, 
   dude ... i hope you 're trolling . 
  he 's likely a troll from the_dumb http://i.imgur.com/2ecwijg.png, 
  5 months ago but it became active only ~ 2 weeks ago judging by the top posts of all time . 
  around the time when trump won . 
  in the same time the other the_subs appeared for the other nutjobs in europe . 
  theguardian doesnt ignore privacy issues in the uk, 
  i wish juppe wins, 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2012/03/13/opinion/brooks-the-fertility-implosion.html  a woman in oman today has 5.6 fewer babies than a woman in oman 30 years ago . 
  morocco , syria and saudi arabia have seen fertility-rate declines of nearly 60 percent , and in iran it 's more than 70 percent . 
  these are among the fastest declines in recorded history . 
   in 50 years white europeans will be on the verge of extinction . 
  there it is / r/the _ europe not disappointing got a source for that btw ? 
  wtf its a real sub, 
  have you ever had a gf,
