   and the date is just coincidence . 
  lol sure, 
  good, 
  dont worry pol trolls you still have reddit, 
  they arent mandatory lessons, 
   but why do people hold up his opinions ? 
  judging by downvotes and comments it doesnt look like that really it would have been the reverse if he was a supporter tho, 
  quite influencial the kremlin is in central europe, 
  no wonder the kremlin backs trump, 
  woah now we 're getting foxnews here too, 
  good luck finding so many secular polaks, 
  guys notice how many non europeans are on this thread, 
  its a conspiracy against the white race !, 
  they are called https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/useful_idiot, 
  why are there so many trolls from donald on this sub ? 
  and usually on russia related threads, 
  too many oligarchs in londongrad, 
  pretty much every industry has corruption in it, 
  yeah the sockpuppets, 
   look , if you are citing breitbard , chances that you are not from europe are a bit higher . 
  he is another right wing american troll attracted recently on european subs because of the non white immigration, 
  siege mentality can see it in other societies too, 
  its not a requirement for trolls, 
  why would such an eeeviiill institution like imf admit this ? 
   polish government would ally themselves with putin in five seconds , if not for the long-standing russia hate and that plane crash . 
  i trust pis in time to work on making it acceptable for poles to more obviously support russian interests orban needed time too, 
  wtf, 
   but can we do business with them it 's more than just business, 
  bribes and a sensibility to kremlins pan orthodox influence the orthodox church is very corrupt and very close to kremlin views, 
   we do n't like putins policies thats why there are prokremlin radicals in power, 
  but but kievpost is kiev propaganda outlet thats what ppl say , right ? 
  why is it not hiding this shit that kiev authorities do to a russian ? 
  serbia and romania only champions from half of europe !!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  surprise surprise schroders old party ... 
  let me guess . . its a socialdem who is saying that, 
  lol :d, 
  also yesterday 2 mps and an ex minister got sentenced, 
  the sub 's new right wing karma immigrants have a problem with israel too, 
  always were a target of their subversive activities, 
  also boxer bute got caught doping btw are we using some foreign conspiracy on this ? 
  like the russians do, 
  direct democracy at work, 
  both in particular italy is putin friendly i remember renzi visiting putin when he was most isolated after the annexation . 
  not orban was first with that . 
  they didnt really want it anyway . 
  like transnistria . 
  they only want to better influence kiev with it either with it transnistrianised or part of ukraine under special rules . 
  focus is option 2 now . 
  imo its like a poisoned gift now . 
  many failures but fewer refugees came while it lasted it seems like for some turkish visa is a bigger issue than the immigration . 
  rightwingers must be having such a hard time picking the bigger evil here :d, 
  like voting for homeopathy, 
  foreigners are bad foreign banks ' money is good, 
  yeah lots of 4chan trolls recently . 
  usually non european . 
   why is this news important ? 
  cuz op is serb, 
  oh so putin doesnt really care about saving the white european race from the muslims ? 
  some people will be very disappointed unless they are just fanboys, 
   it used to fund europe 's socialist and communist parties idk if it stopped, 
   that might sound appealing for a moment , but when you think about it for a bit it would n't be so great . 
  same can be said about the far right, 
   kovesi was appointed by ponta in 2013 , at the time the romanian government was desperately trying to join schengen , so they needed someone who would make them look good in the eu tho the other chiefs named ended up arrested, 
  misleading, 
  everyone knew before the vote than epp will put juncker in power, 
  it claims jurisdiction over neighbours tho :d, 
   but you know what 's the interesting part here ? 
  most of the corporations involved in major scandals in romania are western duh because almost all our trade is western, 
  svr being ? 
  nop, 
  nice the 4chan candidate lost, 
  tldr hp romania shareholders and directors of the social security house ( idk how you guys call it ) are investigated by prosecutors for fraud . 
  hp got 16mil euros illegally for some kind of it support for the institution . 
  it 's lead by an ex eu commissioner and the president is some friend of juncker but there 's some fidesz/pis type coalition trying to reform like the failed one in 2012, 
  i bet those sneaky jews are behind this, 
  based polan, 
  whos this gefira ? 
   also does n't help that the romanian orthodox church is a vile organization that for some reason seems to have the trust of ~ 60 % of the population . 
  the good news is that the % is going down bit by bit every year now, 
  that reminds me does fidesz have orbanbots, 
  they will find a diversion if they are questioned more, 
  most of them are center right what bullshit, 
  and pis, 
  it 's basically all from turkey , greece up north until the danube including romania partly because of dobrogea area, 
   syria = same as iraq, 
  europeans watched on average x less porn during - insert major entertainment event -, 
   you have lots in common . 
  had . 
  i get the feeling you are envious btw . 
  cossaks gon na get medal from putin now, 
  that would ruin circlejerking, 
   you can only quickly and effectively fight corruption if you are a dictator , like in china . 
  is that confirmed to work yet ? 
  in dictatorship btw u dont even find out much about corruption because of censorship, 
  going full retard here telegraph, 
  i dont see the eu being against italy on that btw romania too had child allowance doubled recently and bruxelles didnt complain one bit where is the commie conspiracy ? 
  what an idiot, 
  does germany hack the duma ? 
  that was cia sabotage, 
  i dont understand this kind of people,
