  looks more like prorussian than antieu otherwise they would have a more relevant target iirc when they came up with the agreements the eu was very careful to not actually give the possibility of membership . 
  see also the riga summit which brought no good news for the eep countries . 
  those ` euroskeptics ' greatly exagerate how much support the eu , merkel , other members give to them, 
  probably wilders guys , the dutch far right , dont like it, 
  63 mp seats, 
   the likely fear-mongering from chinese troops being deployed this close to europe will help further eu integration wishful thinking not even events with russia nearby didnt really help it 's all even more fragmented, 
   from what i 've seen the mods are becoming much more relaxed and simply letting us write whatever yes this censorship thing is becoming a myth, 
  i know well about that same thing here too, 
  dna tests could still show him part slav  ), 
  local football is very crooked too at least ours is international football just mirrors the local , base one . 
  well yeah in order to protect european identity, 
   belarus has explained the situation with great details here is better https://dwigif.appspot.com/view/ktkessp, 
  great orban 's ancestors are immigrants ? 
  the defender of european identity and the shield of christianity ? 
   why hungarian is so different from other european languages because their origin isnt european, 
  it 's dumnezeu for romania loanword from pagan domne deus, 
   i 'm fine with the global warming . 
  btw it was a drought that was the spark that led to the syrian war in the first place the usual bad policies but this too the most intense drought ever recorded on syria which lasted from 2007 to 2010 and that resulted in a widespread crop failure , increase in food prices and a mass migration of farming families to urban center eyes should be in other areas with big climate problems like in africa . 
  east africa has the worst drought in 60 years and from there come somali refugees . 
  12 million people severely affected . 
  it was n't specifically for rugby . . fc steaua did really well too , gymnastics , lots of sports . 
   but to my knowledge rugby was n't really played anywhere else in the eastern bloc . 
  less competition -  easier to be better -  better sports team may mean better support of the people for the regime it may have had something to do with communist romania 's good western relations which the other easterners didnt have . 
  many coaches were trained in france in the 50s and ceausescu had good relations with them ie with de gaulle . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/sport/2015/sep/22/romania-france-rugby-world-cup-history the french , blackballed from the international rugby board until 1978 , cultivated a partnership with the romanians instead . 
  they sent coaches to work in the domestic league and arranged annual fixtures . 
  the bond grew stronger because the irb kept both countries at arm 's length for so long . 
  romania 's application for membership was rejected in 1953 , and in 1966 the board stopped australia from accepting an invitation to play in bucharest . 
   their nadir arriving in 2001 when they lost 134-0 to england , the same nation they came within eight points of beating at twickenham just 16 years previously . 
  also in 2001 dinamo bucharest lost 151 -- 0 to saracens in the european rugby shield . 
  several french-based players refused to turn up for the england debacle simply because their clubs refused to pay them for the week . 
  players in that romanian squad were getting # 30 a day in expenses while england 's top earners scooped # 6,000 for their afternoon 's work . 
   perhaps in five years ' time there will be no such thing as romanian rugby , it will just be something you read about in books , a curiosity in our history . 
  we need every bit of help that is available . 
  now is the time for rugby to show solidarity in 2002 bernard charreyre was appointed coach of the national team both supplied by and paid by the french rugby federation ( ffr ) . 
  under charreyre ( known by the oaks as ` little napoleon ' ) , the oaks ' decline has been stopped and the team has started to slowly climb from the basement of international rugby union . 
  i guess the french really didnt like to see english win like that . 
  there 's good history with french involvement in our rugby . 
  17 hours and still no ban, 
  reminds me of serbian ambassador lieing a few months ago in local interview saying very confidently that there are no russian troops in ukraine, 
  more and more in the west seem to also, 
  yeah that was russophobic, 
  myeah we should learn about good guys far right friends of kremlin from rt, 
   there is enough posts on r/europe that suits every agenda . 
  lol there 's an obvious bias towards one side and it 's not the pc one, 
  this is geting old . 
  always someone says oh this thread will be deleted by literally marx or w/e dclauzel and nothing happens all you get is a lot of easy karma why the victimising ? 
  pretty much every thread in this sub is about immigrants and almost always something negative is he just very bad at censoring or you speak bs ? 
  bullshit http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2015/09/economist-explains-4 citizens from countries that usually obtain protection in the eu ( like syria , iraq , afghanistan , eritrea ) account for fully 75 % of illicit arrivals by sea this year . 
  crunch the numbers further and we find that at least 81 % of those migrants entering greece can expect to receive refugee status or some other form of protection in the eu . 
  under the european commission 's new proposal to relocate 160,000 asylum-seekers from italy , greece and hungary to most other eu countries , only nationals from countries with acceptance rates over 75 % will be eligible . 
  for now that means syrians , eritreans and iraqis . 
  they didnt blame sweden for this too ? 
  ttip doesnt even exist and it is destroying europe wtf, 
  the timing is interesting, 
  yeah it may help them better negotiate whatever interests now ( ukraine , syria ) they are playing good guys suddenly, 
  its hard to doubt when both western and local polls give the same thing, 
  hmm same thing russia does, 
  not when all polls give over 80 % support for putin, 
  btw their profit here is 19 % and worldwide 1.4 water price went up 15 times in the last years, 
  i guess he means it has something to do with celtic influence in this region ie in transylvania ie the word wallachia is derived from the word `` walha '' used first by germanic peoples to describe celts, 
   russia launches drones in syria with no isis fighters in the area , the move raises serious questions about the russians ' intentions with their military buildup i wonder who they are searching for then ... 
  that 's pretty meh compared to this  the prosecutors also found that apa nova had its own `` secret service '' made of former intelligence service employees . 
  these people apparently kept tabs on the company 's employees to make sure that they would n't speak about the company 's illegal activities wtf ? 
  does veolia do the same in france ? 
  lol 99 % troublemakers ? 
  you exagerate much unrelated i notice lots of new noneuropeans moving on this sub recently caring very much about non-white foreigners here, 
  lol one big crook bribes another, 
  many syrians will still want to leave syria anyway because of assad what does leaving assad in power do for the world or the people of syria ? 
  which of the people that fled syria will want to return under assad ? 
  how does leaving a dictator in power , one that just participated in the slaughter of 250,000 + over 4 years , help anyone ? 
  remember that they had civil war years before isis got in there, 
  nobody can since it 's still being negociated it doesnt actually exist the conspiracy goes deeper !, 
  the jews must be behind this, 
  jihadists arent either, 
  they say isil but it will be mostly rebels they attack, 
  wasnt it fake ? 
  lots of gold in transylvania apparently the gold the romans took from there was quite a lot for the empire, 
  muh european identity, 
  lol betrayed it already proved broken see how it 's members tackled the ukraine problems, 
  prisoners ? 
  it could turn out quite ugly, 
  on this issue yeah some have quite a strong one, 
  http://www.dif.org.ua/en/mass_media/support-for-joining-n.htm a recent poll by the democratic initiatives foundation made headlines in ukraine : 64 percent of respondents said they would vote for nato accession in a hypothetical referendum . 
  ( only 28 percent would oppose . ), 
  nato said no anyway btw http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/22/us-ukraine-crisis-nato-iduskcn0rm1aw20150922  initially , defensive equipment , for the ukrainians , could include more communication equipment they probably mean anti-tank missiles and heavy artillery too those actually are called defensive since they are great to defend territory with and not so great for attacking http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-magazine-monitor-31141840, 
  im jelly the last ( only ? ), 
  cool thing from here was door kickers :( which is quite little, 
  new europe doesnt like this kind of stuff you need to post about how muslims doom europe, 
  well ex president basescu suddenly turned into a mini orban pretty much copying his messages and with support from a certain part of the media ( one very close to him ) it helped to get to that point, 
  potato and cheese pudding : smashed in big pieces boiled or baked ( which is better ) potatoes ( 2-3 times more grams than the cheese ) + minced onions , bell peppers , some dill , grated cheese , a beaten egg or two to tie it all and maybe a bit of butter mix it all , put in tray and in oven for half an hour or so medium fire it should look kinda like this http://www.codrosu.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/budinca-cu-cartofi-si-branza_poze_07-600x405.jpg and you can add sour cream on it another easy thing i really like is an omlette with sauteed chopped onions , bell peppers ( i add a smashed hot dry one too ) , a sliced boiled potato ( learned this from spanish omlettes ) and w/e meat is in the fridge . 
  for beating the eggs add some beer ( this is key :d / this from german omlettes ) , paprika , pepper and if u want to some dill, 
  wtf source ? 
  yeah it 's sometimes red , orange , yellow , purple or even pink a stupid expression, 
  does he own media ? 
  easy idea https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frig%c4%83rui basically the brochette also grillable http://www.claudiashomecooking.com/romanian-mici-meech/ it 's much easier to find the meat for it in a local romanian food shops there might be some if ur in a big city there http://www.efranta.ro/sunt-in-franta/restaurant-magazin-romanesc maybe find romanian restaurant and buy already grilled make some fries too , a salad ( tomato or cabbage ) and some sort of dipping sauce out of garlic and sour cream , mustard separately . 
  they should build a wall too, 
  a loud , very active one, 
  the little girl ? 
  the little girl ?
