  but the affinities outnumber the differences . 
  breitbart , the american alt-right 's favourite website , covers the ib in gushing tones and is planning to launch its own european division . 
  mr sellner hosted a pro-trump party in vienna on the night of the american election . 
  this points to the movement 's most curious trait . 
  its activists may preach love for the homeland and its unique character , but in practice they are impeccable internationalists , mixing and exchanging ideas like other millennials . 
  austria 's identitarians borrowed their look wholesale from counterparts in france ( as mr sellner , speaking good french , admits in one of his youtube appearances ) . 
  alt-right activists on both sides of the atlantic treat a cartoon frog , pepe , as a sort of mascot . 
  from indianapolis to innsbruck , they share the same open-source politics , fume over the same grievances and chortle over the same in-jokes . 
  their movement is a howl of anguish at the integration of different peoples . 
  it also epitomises that process . 
   you seem to be living in some sort of alternate reality . 
  the world of russia 's internet defenders, 
   i do n't believe putin had any relation with trump a russian minister said they were with touch with trump 's during the elections http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-11-10/russia-says-it-was-in-contact-with-trump-s-team-during-campaign and trump 's own words in a 2013 interview `` but i do have a relationship with [ putin ] , '' said trump . 
  `` he 's done a very brilliant job ... '' http://theresurgent.com/trump-vs-trump-his-own-words-prove-he-lied-trumplovesputin/, 
   but is dugin really that influential ? 
  i saw pics of him meeting with an ex pm , who still wields much influence over the biggest party , in romania . 
  after meeting with him he started promoting much more pro-russia/china and antiwestern views . 
  because the tories get donor money from russia and the ex-mayor of londongrad wants to improve relations http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/11/boris-johnson-says-britain-must-normalise-its-relationship-with/ http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/aug/27/may-must-explain-tory-donors-links-to-russia-says-labour-mp?cmp=share_btn_tw, 
  there 's a general election next month, 
  interesting chain below  ) you triggered the apologists, 
  please create a safe space for our propaganda to work better, 
  and szekelyland a big can of worms will open but for some people it 's all feels  reals, 
   hes independently wealthy . 
  to some that signals that he cant be as easily corrupted by promises of future favors and donations . 
  and owes hundreds of millions to foreign banks, 
  isnt stein an antivaxxer too, 
  so . . rigged ? 
  was it projection when trump said the elections are rigged ? 
   the_feelsfort  ) you made me spill my tea laughing, 
  i wonder who he will blame for his problems now . 
  republicans won everything . 
  will he blame the jooz ? 
  soros ? 
  ahh it will be the chinese conspiracy again to weaken america, 
  also the tory party has donations from russia too https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/aug/27/may-must-explain-tory-donors-links-to-russia-says-labour-mp kinda funny coming from labour when they got corbyn leading tho their mps dont seem to like him, 
   there 's also indirect money going in parallel to media corporations and publication editors which media ? 
   with minimal effort we dont really know that  the fact that they have completely taken over the online conspiracy theory movement has paid dividends . 
  its not that hard tho . 
  the conspiratards have a natural antiwestern bias so it 's incredibly easy to be manipulated in that path . 
  fuck the elites !!, 
  lets vote a ny real estate mogul !!, 
  that will show them power to the people, 
   are n't they socialists ? 
  socialists who voted against gay marriage ? 
  expect lots of trolls in the french subs, 
  in the last year or two sarkozy has also been growing more friendly with the kremlin . 
  it 's kinda interesting how le pen would need to meet sarkozy in round2 in order to win . 
  basically if the polls show le pen losing then she will win . 
  these damn pollsters are messing up everywhere wtf is going on . 
   johnson does n't know what aleppo is and jill stein thought that wifi gives you cancer . 
  source ? 
  not that i do n't belive you , just need a link . 
   bernie sanders would have had a bigger chance to attract those who were angry at the establishment jugding by what ? 
  polls ? 
  feels ? 
  the polls showed a big chance for hillary to win . 
  look how that turned out . 
  he bankrupted casinos like 4 times . 
  who does that ? 
  it 's quite a feat to bring such profitable business types into the ground . 
  yeah but europe is moving in the same direction, 
  there 's a cult following trump . 
  he could do anything , like he himself said ie killing someone , and still be supported . 
   the young speak romanian not moldavian and want to be european . 
  yet i see lots of youngsters campaigning for dodon, 
  and i bet the application will be rejected, 
   the longer we wait , the more chance they have to further launder everybody 's minds with anti-romanian propagandist bullshit . 
  pointless . 
  most moldavians do not want reunif . 
  never did in the recent times . 
   unwitting really, 
  it remains to be seen, 
  i think it has to reapply to the eu or something if the borders change, 
  its the campaign theme for the local trump/orban style politicians, 
  the state picked that representative and the state is attacking political dissidents , who else . 
  the babushka from the farmer 's market ? 
  yes thats what we are missing a trump of the left too . 
  tho i guess the uk arleady has it 's own . 
  something definitely will go bankrupt with trump  ) ), 
  you are so biased for russia of course you will not understand the baltics are not at all like you serb trolls, 
  sss yalta 2.0, 
  and the age of internet trolling, 
   and on the other side a former reality star who gets angry when people talk badly about him on twitte also someone with personal business interests in russia, 
  they stole all the western fiber . . thats why you lack it . 
  its time for trump to flipflop on nato too, 
  he flipflops way too much, 
   more eu integration or not . 
  the same movements similar to trump 's are growing in europe too . 
   less dependence on usa but more on russia instead just wait for le pen to win, 
  http://www.dailysabah.com/europe/2016/03/06/russia-trying-to-create-unrest-in-germany-to-topple-merkel-senior-nato-expert-says russia would like to help afd or an spd run by a schroder type again ( sigmar gabriel ), 
  and the alternative is ... 
  alternative media like breitbart or farleft blogs ? 
  troll-filled twitter ? 
  looks like pollsters fucked up again, 
  big if, 
  basically it 's confirmed now lol, 
  why do serbs care about that ? 
  lol be glad they misuse the monies if you dont like them, 
  iirc poland brought it up and russia said no, 
  and the locals know better what specific messages would influence opinion more,
