  its an exageration how much that mattered https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/, 
  so no arab apocalypse ? 
   millions upon millions coming in every year source, 
  it is sent to the constitutional court, 
  i 'm reminded of https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/14/death-russian-teenager-who-opposed-war-ukraine also i 'm expecting things like in op in western countries too in the future ie us if trump wins . 
  this violence against opposition is already happening just not at the same level yet . 
   turkey is about to become a member ffs . 
  source ? 
  u r all russophobes !, 
  there 's some antisemitism in the leftwing too, 
  more downvotes guys click harder such a trigger lol uhh what a leftwing circlejerk of a sub hurr durr, 
  see how risky direct democracy is ? 
  so this is the ` britain first ' type people ? 
  lol what he really did that ? 
  racial realism ? 
  literally 0.1 % of the population, 
   well when i look at her career i see someone so concerned with paving the road with good intentions she didnt see that they led to hell . 
  particularly her fondness for foreign engagements so you are saying she had it coming, 
  why is there so much anti-intellectualism in the western right wing ? 
  crazy comments usually made by americans from the_donald if you check the history, 
  you want him to link from thedonald or stormfront ? 
  is this in english yet ? 
  poll is done 3 months after the conflict in donbas started which is more than enough time to hear about what is happening do you have a better poll ? 
  yes the internet points dont really matter, 
  whilst renzi , juncker and others look favourably on a relaxation of sanctions , putin knows that the british government is strongly opposed . 
  thus , putin 's strategic hooliganism suits his vision for fragmenting european union and ending russian isolation . 
  football and fascism have an interesting historical lineage that putin has drawn upon for political effect . 
  unfortunately , the british press still think the game is beautiful and beyond crude national calculation . 
  and in all this international strategic gamesmanship we should , for once , perhaps have some sympathy for the poor , put upon , stereotyped , english fan . 
  david martin jones is visiting professor , department of war studies , king 's college london . 
  smith is professor of strategic theory and head of department of war studies , king 's college london . 
  david martin jones mlr smith 21 june 2016 \u2022 1:30 pm in the aftermath of the violence in the old port of marseilles last weekend , much of the british media -- together with the football association -- lamented the latest outbreak of the english disease . 
  geoff pearson observed in the times that `` england fans have form in marseilles '' . 
  zoe williams in the guardian thought english officialdom had `` infantilised '' football crowds , thus creating conditions for `` a comical menu of grievance '' concerning `` the other '' . 
  less originally , the fa considered that `` while the vast majority of england fans behaved impeccably '' , a small but `` aggressive hard core '' engaged in violence and `` score settling '' . 
  threatened with expulsion from the competition , the england manager , roy hodgson , publicly appealed to supporters to `` stay out of trouble '' , while wayne rooney called for fans to `` be safe [ and ] be sensible '' . 
  state-endorsed hooliganism all this english self-flagellation seems not a little bizarre given that at the end of the game in marseilles on june 11 , organised groups of russian `` ultras '' launched a premeditated attack on inadequately protected english supporters . 
  the british government condemned the violence and called for `` calm on all sides '' . 
  the measured response of the government and football association , along with balanced british media reporting , contrasted dramatically with that of the russian government football federation and the state-licensed russian media . 
  reports on russian state tv about the violence bordered on the triumphant , claiming : `` english fans started the fight ... but 250 russians from different corners of our motherland ... repulsed the attack by the heavily drunken islanders . '', 
  the spokesman for russia 's top investigative agency , vldimir markin , mocked french efforts to contain violence in the stadium , claiming that they could not handle `` real men '' because they were used to policing gay pride marches . 
  igor lebedev , deputy chairman of the russian football federation and deputy chairman of the duma ( russian parliament ) saw `` nothing wrong with fans fighting '' and called for `` the lads '' to `` keep it up '' . 
  he also noted that were russian sports minister vitaly mutko not inconveniently situated in the stands he `` would have got into the fight '' himself . 
  meanwhile , blogs on russian fan sites like okolofutball and fanstyle.ru have posted videos showing the russian supporters acting in a coordinated manner , organised in squads and going equipped to attack english fans in the old port . 
  the moscow correspondent of le monde translated the blog of one fan , alex molodoi . 
  it described how a dozen moscow dynamo fans singing katioucha descended upon the british , whose `` nerves cracked and they fled '' . 
  molodoi 's blog remarked on the importance his `` dynamo mates '' attached to `` evaluating the opposition forces and coordinating their actions '' . 
  russian football ultra-violence this degree of tactical awareness is not entirely surprising . 
  the french authorities noted the speed and ruthlessness of the small groups of ultras who came equipped with martial arts gloves , gumshields and kagoules to commit `` ultra '' violence . 
  they also noticed that the `` hard core hooligans from russia were hard to identify , ultra rapid and ultra violent '' . 
  no russians were detained after marseilles . 
  this level of organisation reflects the fact that those who conducted the violence belonged to the moscow clubs , dynamo , spartak and lokomtif with close links to the state police , the fsb and the military . 
  as the daily mail reported , not only are the russian ultras `` the most vicious species of hooligan around , but also the best organised , partly because many have daytime jobs that involve wearing uniforms '' . 
  yuri , another russian ultra , posted on facebook in february , `` we are hard men , many from the army and police ... not soft englishmen in their lacoste clothes and girl 's shoes '' . 
  in other words , far from yet another outbreak of the decadent english disease , russian ultra violence is not only broadly approved by the russian state but also possesses a degree of state license . 
  discerning the purpose : the politics of putinism so what is going on ? 
  why is it that the british authorities deplore soccer related violence , even to the extent of guiltily assuming the culpability of english fans , while the russian state is semi-complicit ? 
  as any strategic analyst will tell you , there is no such thing as random or meaningless violence . 
  any violent act -- from a punch on the nose to all out war -- always contains a purpose . 
  the task is to figure out what that purpose is all about . 
  president vladimir putin , not himself averse to machismo , has often empathised with moscow ultra behaviour , deliberately cultivating virility as a feature of an assertive nationalist identity designed to save russia from dissolution and democracy . 
  indeed , putinism finds its justification in the political thought of the white russian exile , ivan ilyin ( 1883-1954 ) who foresaw the soviet collapse and argued that a post-soviet state must adopt an inclusionary corporatist ideology informed by a leadership principle to unite the motherland . 
  `` soft power '' putin style thus projects a populist neo-nazi and fascist message to unite those europeans alienated from liberal-western multiculturalism , diversity and democratisation . 
  football fascism this association of football violence with masculinity and national identity , moreover , is by no means something uniquely russian . 
  football and fascism have long cohabited . 
  the beautiful game has a dark underbelly , falling prey to right-wing extremism and violence that extends far back before the heyday of english hooliganism in the 1970s and 1980s . 
  international football and fascism emerged symbiotically in the 1930s . 
  hitler , mussolini and franco considered all mass sport as a form of ideological indoctrination . 
  mussolini , in particular , saw football as a vehicle for popular unity and an instrument of government . 
  the fascist regime directly controlled italian football , built the stadiums and introduced serie a. vittorio pozzo , the dictatorial national team manager ( no surprise there ) coached italy to the 1934 and 1938 world cups , known locally as the `` coppa del duce '' . 
  football enhanced the italian regime 's international prestige , shaped opinion , infiltrated daily life and reinforced ideological conformity . 
  after the second world war , ultra fanatical fans with extreme right associations and penchant for flares and fireworks were particularly associated with serie a teams roma and lazio . 
  hooliganism , balkan style from the late 1980s , ultra violence and ultra nationalism found a congenial home at clubs in eastern europe as the soviet bloc imploded . 
  in yugoslavia violent confrontations between dynamo zagreb and red star belgrade supporters in 1990 announced the serbo-croat war and the dissolution of yugoslavia . 
  zelko rajnokoviic ( aka arkan ) subsequently formed his ` `` tigers '' from the belgrade supporters club , a notoriously brutal serbian paramilitary , engaged in ethnically cleansing bosnians from lands claimed by greater serbia after 1992 . 
  meanwhile , zagreb 's bad blue boys form the backbone of croatia 's ultras who chant ustasha slogans and in a qualifier for the european championships against italy earlier this year daubed a swastika on the pitch . 
  on friday , croatian ultras launched flares and fireworks , interrupting the game between croatia and the czech republic . 
  the intent , it seems , was to get the national team evicted from the championship in order to embarrass the allegedly corrupt national football association . 
  the international politics of soccer violence in this context of ultra violence linked to nationalist and neo-nazi political agendas , the overweight and over-the-limit english hooligan looks a forlorn figure . 
  why , one might wonder , did the russian ultras treat them to a version of kremlin-inspired hybrid warfare ? 
  two reasons stand out . 
  first , in russian ultra think , the english hooligan has an undeserved reputation for aggro that collapses when confronted by the disciplined cadres of dynamo moscow . 
  second , and more strategically , kremlin-orchestrated hooliganism isolates england and could lead to the national team 's expulsion from the championship , adding symbolic fuel to the brexit campaign . 
  redknapp : ` we keep blaming the russian fans for hooliganism but it takes two to tango'play !, 
  00:29 the day after further outbreaks of fan violence in lille on wednesday , putin hosted a davos style economic forum in st petersburg . 
  guests included european commission president jean-claude juncker , italian president , matteo renzi and former french president nikolas sarkozy , european statesmen putin considers well disposed to ending european sanctions imposed on russia after it violated the sovereignty of the ukraine and due for renewal on june 24 . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36048186 idk if it was approved ie romanians usually call it cehia, 
  i wasnt sure how that was triggering someone, 
  who legalised homeopathy ? 
   most russians are aware of what happens in eastern ukraine . 
  http://www.levada.ru/eng/levada-center-and-kiis-about-crisis-ukraine only 26 % of russians agree that there is a war between russia and ukraine, 
  he is a boogeyman for both wings, 
   slovakian prime minister robert fico has made a hardline statement concerning muslims in his country , all 3 of them ? 
  the point of this thread being buried is ? 
  lol why is op downvoted so much ? 
  orbanbots or what ? 
  iohannis wants a museum of communism to be made and asked gauck to help and the downvotes are because ? 
  as opposed to the albanian ones ? 
  there is no eu state army so 0, 
  patience more and more radicals get into power,
