  not surprised to score lowest in the eu, 
  online survey meaning mostly young people i think, 
  its usually the same 4chan/donald trolls that have a problem here with sweden a vocal manipulative minority, 
  populists wouldnt have high ratings there otherwise, 
  in part because china spends money on its foreign image ( including propaganda and the 50cent trolls ) romania isnt even close to match that, 
  to protect the local ~ ~ minority ~ ~ majority, 
  its more like people dont like poorer countries, 
  rep will go south fast if we get visa lift, 
  problem is the romanians that do not make trouble try to hide that they are romanian guess why, 
   even though they just travel and settle wherever for some time now they tend to stop doing that, 
   well , nice to know we are less liked than the country who threatens sweden over joining nato and annexes parts of ukraine and georgia . 
  kremlin spends a few hundreds million $ yearly on foreign propaganda and trolls and there 's also the financing of certain parties for support romania does not do that obviously and ofc people like more influencial countries , romania isnt . 
  lol how i wish people like you actually lived under the soviet union, 
   in may , the lower house is expected to vote on whether to ban prosecutors from seizing the documents , phones or computers of lawyers . 
  one of the ministers and an ex pm who are investigated are lawyers so the proposal is for them the last dubious proposal is for some sort of effective regret mechanism, 
  i thought things were going back to normal between them recently, 
  usually the same guys, 
  one of basescu 's daughters even did some work for i think gazprom in the past, 
  orban and his crowd stir up shit and some politicians here welcome that game too for same distraction reason, 
   i see the same points reiterated on this sub over and over again , russia is a good guy that is only defending themselves against western imperialism and propaganda . 
  they are a few and usually the same users, 
  only if you dont obey the kremlin, 
  any proof that you were banned for those exact comments ? 
  and nothing else, 
  thread gets buried but some still moan about their russophobia, 
  this issue got a lot of focus on reddit and now i see little attention on it . 
  is it because some people dont like this result ? 
  they are friends, 
  low in orthodox countries, 
  circlejerk breaking, 
  leftwinger butthurt that the chinese have a problem we knew since 2 months ago from the chief prosecutor that progress will be made soon in this old and very big case so i dont think there is something to do with that chinese deal a few days ago investors should have stayed away from any rompetrol related aquisitions until the case was finished theres an ongoing investigation on western eads, 
  and reddit jumped immediately to think he was some muslim jihadi circlejerk fail, 
  why the downvotes on u ? 
  also an ex pm ( currently investigated for other things ) erased something like 500m $ debt of rompetrol 2 years ago . . iirc there was some involvement with tony blair ( his political idol ) linking with the kazakh guys, 
  why do u stay on this cesspit of a sub ? 
  its not rt so its bad, 
  go back to / r/conspiracy, 
  https://www.chathamhouse.org/sites/files/chathamhouse/publications/research/2016-04-14-agents-russian-world-lutsevych.pdf agents of the russian world : proxy groups in the contested neighbourhood  russia 's most prominent contemporary eurasianist , aleksandr dugin , is no longer regarded as a `` fringe '' intellectual . 
  his ambition is to influence political circles ... dugin is trying to create a network of pro-kremlin supporters in croatia , france , greece , hungary , italy , romania , poland and serbia . 
  in romania he is linked with socialdems in particular a very crooked ex pm . 
  its some kind of thing that hasnt happened before so of course it will, 
  so edgy, 
  all cartoons are in romanian now because of a recent law, 
   the problem is that nobody trusts the eu source, 
  but but palmyra, 
  in what world does that compare with a military invasion ? 
  why do russians care ? 
  not sure why the votes there :d ur joking, 
   however their goal is more making money than controlling and impacting politics whats missing is for italian intel services to link with the mafia and use it geopolitically, 
   it 's also the reason why they did n't become part of the schengen area . 
  we met joining criteria for a long time, 
   police estimations is around 30,000 meaning estimation of the lackeys of those in power who are against the protest, 
  all 5 of them, 
  no border with moldova, 
   in every thread without fail the top comments will be `` omg so much racism '' and then you scroll and scroll and see none cuz mods deleted them there 's a bunch of posts like that on muslims and refugees threads, 
  another reason why trump is on the same page with putin, 
  why is this thread buried in downvotes ? 
  those mps there in general like to attack each other, 
  misleading title, 
  what was russia 's interest in chechnya in the first place ? 
  is there oil there ? 
  what the ... 
  one filled with empty promises, 
  looks like the altright has something in common with erdogan, 
   he has said multiple times he was not planning to run again for president , so he wont run for something else instead ? 
  seems like some kind of sockpuppets, 
  that 's kind of a small change but it 's just during a half or a third of generation time, 
  sure mr redditor for 3 hours, 
  same sabotage on the left side too with agent corbyn, 
  i wonder if people in n. ireland are becoming more atheist too . 
   nuclear and unconventional energy sources are important to the uk , hence the power of pro-nuclear camp lobbying the european institutions will diminish post-brexit . 
  similarly , there will be less support for unconventional energy resources without the british representatives at the negotiations table . 
  expect more support for russian gas, 
  where can i see who voted how ? 
  votewatch did n't update yet, 
   what does a more united europe , or a stronger europe even mean ? 
  likely centralization, 
  inb4 they eventually make an alliance in parliament , likely indirectly . 
   france is doubtless the only western country where three trotskyists could figure on the presidential ballot . 
  3 trotskyists and a closet fascist what the hell ? 
  til, 
  the church in romania recently said that people should make 3 kids , one for country , for state and for church or something like that . 
  reminds me of erdogan 's proposal with 5 kids . 
  it just sows some chaos and ruins the subject of discussion poisoning the well so to say it knows it cant win arguments so it just ruins it for everyone and the tactics that are left are most easily juggled with, 
   and when they saw that the statue was , in fact , in one piece , they claimed it had been cut in pieces and then welded together . 
   or this hilarious and half-assed attempt to popularize badminton lol very manly, 
  reminds me of trump and the eagle images very manly http://i.imgur.com/rp4daow.png ( found that pic on rt ) or not lol http://i.imgur.com/p16daim.png https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m41azx5ijvm, 
  cue the streisand effect, 
  people here approve of trade with anyone except the us ie there was no upset at all in the isds deals with vietnam, 
  instead of ending the eu they will end the uk after scotland leaves, 
  basic income would be just another tool for heavy handed statists like him to use to wield influence, 
  that 's a major split in many countries now the urban voters want reforms and the others want status quo or even rollbacks, 
   many of those news outlets have a conflict of interest , since their owners have either been jailed by , or are being investigated by , the national anticorruption directorate - known by its romanian acronym , dna . 
  ie romania tv 's ( mentioned in the article ) fled the country after losing mp immunity http://www.nineoclock.ro/dna-investigations-show-sebastian-ghita-left-romania-ghita-was-convinced-he-was-going-to-be-arrested-after-losing-immunity/, 
  there are people who left the country starting when ? 
  add the 9 guys killed related to the trump-russia dossier https://www.palmerreport.com/opinion/meet-seven-russian-operatives-dropped-dead-since-donald-trump-russia-dossier/1613/, 
  matteo renzi tried to lift sanctions http://www.politico.eu/article/renzi-blocks-extension-russia-sanctions/ https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-10-21/eu-leaders-spar-over-russia-sanctions-as-renzi-pushes-back when voting the far left went against sanctions http://www.votewatch.eu/blog/what-future-for-italian-political-parties-comparison-of-voting-behaviour-in-the-european-and-italian-parliament/ iirc the president is far left http://russia-insider.com/en/politics/meps-draw-map-pro-and-anti-russian-countries-eu/ri17835, 
  pic 9 those are living fires http://www.wonderfulromania.ro/en/focurile-vii-tortele-vesnic-aprinse-ale-romaniei/, 
  iirc this happened last december too or it was planned then, 
  the 5star movement who are likely to win the elections is very friendly towards them too and so is the center left,
