  they have 1 mp . 
  one . 
   the one that gives a bribe and the one that takes it , are equally corrupt . 
  ok point to me where i was disagreeing with that, 
  another quality find by op, 
   has it crossed your mind that perhaps companies like them are those who do corrupt the politicians in the 1st place ? 
  oh poor victims the bribe takers are they were paragons of virtue until the corporations brainwashed them or something into taking bribes, 
  is le pen western ? 
  few care about it here ie maybe at best u see 2 thousand people at a national team game nobody plays it at school, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moravian_wallachia the traditional dialect ( rarely heard these days ) represents a mixture of elements from czech and slovak , and has a distinct lexicon of romanian and balkan origin relating to the pastoral economy of the highlands . 
  the name comes from the exonym of the romanian shepherd migrants ( see vlachs ) , who advanced along the carpathian range between the 14th and 17th centuries, 
  right wing brigading i guess, 
  lol vlach so maybe something romanian too, 
  lol a japanese in czechia against migration, 
   troll factory there was an article about one in st petersburg, 
  source ? 
  nvm found it http://www.expatica.com/nl/news/country-news/poland-says-role-in-czechoslovakias-annexation-a-sin_164880.html, 
   the bnr governor argued that romania 's gold reserve should stay at some 100 tonnes , and based his argument on a superstition : every time the reserve has gone higher than 100 tonnes , something bad has happened to romania . 
  so russia can keep the gold ?!, 
  im confused bad like . . russia trying to get it back ? 
  go into a museum or hidden in the national bank who owns it in the first place i think, 
  itssomething.jpeg its not much shills can do to influence opinion but any bit counts so its worth the effort overall apparently it pays well anyway i doubt yasenfire really is one tho . . he comments too much and it seems like he 's just having fun saying stupid things . 
  they usually seem to just plant a couple of messages or post some bs link and then say no more . 
   this gold can be only returned after returning democracy to these countries . 
  . . are you for real or just trolling ? 
  btw what do podemos think about the lefties from back then ? 
  form a queue, 
   and then you go to his distant relative it 's the legal heir isnt it ? 
  why do people bother making reddit accounts just to post some conspiratard bs ? 
  there are some accounts on reddit i just dont understand all they do is push an obvious agenda , spamming their dubious articles and almost never comment . 
  is it psy-ops or just some sort of personal activism ? 
  astroturfing in whos interest btw ? 
  just for karma ? 
  but the thread needs some whataboutism whats a thread about anything russia related without that ? 
  like who ? 
  there 's a difference btw between just being biased and the phenomenon of astroturfing, 
  they could just go in ukraine and make it reality tv instead of fictional series, 
   but i am rather hungover drink lots of water, 
  gon na watch the liverpool game, 
  some patriots in st petersburg, 
   the kind of person that will use nukes are die hard nationalists that buy their own propaganda and are willing to die for the glory of their nation , etc. 
  yep and old kgb guys like him are not the kind to buy into their own propaganda, 
  lol accidentally on purpose like how they cross the ukraine border i really got ta start watching this show :d . . but first to make a salami sandwich, 
  most are, 
  so much butthurt in the comments, 
  and link is here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malaysia_airlines_flight_17#russian_media_coverage, 
   until the eu comes up with is it me or do people seem to expect only the eu to solve this ? 
  oh a director . . 
  i thought it was the minister more interesting is that a few days ago prosecutors asked for some cases of ex 2 ministers to be reopened, 
  probably not btw she 's the wife of an ex ombudsman, 
  their lng is from russia ? 
  just follow ie zeman the president his party had ( still has?idk ) lukoil funding, 
  this upsets putin, 
  so are politicians there still moaning about sanctions ? 
  targarian gypsies ? 
  good . 
   a barber in sweden gets 3000 $ / month really ? 
  yeah that 's why we 're having growth these last few years, 
  he should buy a lottery ticket, 
  if there is fighting it will be in their region anyway, 
  not yet will be done here in 3 years the agreement is bs, 
   everyone 's security is very important to everyone . 
  yeah like ukraine 's for the russians, 
  if they can then they will do it anyway in the future, 
  if it 's anything like here then most of it, 
  278 thousand just in 2013 http://www.capital.ro/numar-record-de-turisti-in-grecia.html it 's little though less than 2 % total tourists there, 
  hehe well the owner of the channel that airs that show is actually similar to berlusconi, 
  all 3 ? 
   not trying to be rude but that seems hardly newsworthy the source is some kind of tabloid btw, 
  ooh i 'm scared, 
   why do you only ever show up on this sub-reddit , on this topic ? 
  that 's not true check post history and u will see him on other subs and more often on different kind of threads, 
  35 million well spent, 
  little malta is very pretty, 
  it 's a bit more than a fringe or at least that 's the impression i get from online forums, 
  thanks for the wiki link on babis how close is he to zeman ? 
  thanks for the wiki link on babis how close is he to zeman ? 
   only two countries have an army worth speaking of : france and the uk . 
  and they had difficulty in dealing even with libya, 
  there were some against it like germany iirc its funny how much germany looks after kremlin interests, 
  yep he was russian envoy to nato back then and that is what he said when the polish foreign minister suggested for russia to join nato, 
  paint it in rainbow colours with swastikas on it, 
  there 's no way russia will join the eu in a few years, 
  it has much older roots in bolshevik and czarist propaganda, 
  320b vs 19 ? 
  good luck getting czechia and slovakia to join with zeman and fico still in power but maybe their groups will lose some elections in the future polish hungarian relations will be fun to follow btw is v4 dead yet ? 
  yeah it could be even worse, 
  so it 's kinda contributing to the problem in the first place ? 
   it is highly `` unusual for the law to dictate a shortening of prison sentences in exchange for scientific works , but not dictate any criteria of content . '' apparently the prison authority that checks the books doesnt even read them , they dont have to . 
   in prison , copos was able to reduce his sentence by 200 days by writing several books . 
  the fact that he plagiarised at least one of these books does not jeopardise his freedom at the moment . 
  and apparently somehow that book isnt available anywhere , he or some middleman bought them all or something, 
   there are aryan languages spoken in india . 
  btw someone should tell neonazis that gipsyes speakaryan . . the language is indo-aryan at least, 
  lolwut he said mordor ? 
  how do u check if someone says yes you ask for tits pic ? 
  what if its manboobs ? 
  from their view they are right since it is much more difficult to control people 's opinion online than on tv, 
   it may sound paradoxical -- helping the enemy of your friend -- but the logic is actually straightforward : better the terrorists go abroad and fight in syria than blow things up in russia . 
  bonus effect : more terrorists there -  more conflict -  more refugees in europe which fuels the far right parties moscow likes,
