  link ? 
  not familiar with this, 
  who 's father ? 
  sigmar 's ? 
  those guys seem to be like 12 year olds judging by usernames, 
  they just need a trump win, 
  73 % http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-putin-iduskcn0wn1h3, 
  seems to be the first thing, 
  and this is why cults of personality are bad ... 
  anyone got some numbers for hungary before orban turned putinist ? 
  say 2011 or earlier, 
  where 's the adibas ? 
  why did trump donate to those corrupt clintons ? 
  and endorse hillary to be president a few years ago, 
  oh dugin is spreading his bs there too ? 
  who 's letov ? 
   an enemy of my enemy is my friend . 
  now tho russia and turkey and becoming more and more close, 
  something will happen after the olympics ? 
  so much damage control in this thread 64 % upvoted, 
  so much damage control in this thread, 
  pathetic damage control lol isnt it, 
  before stormfronters targetted it, 
  those trolls are everywhere now especially on / r/geopolitics recently, 
   it probably does help that they 've exported some of their less ... useful people to some countries . 
  if they are so less useful how come those immigrants are a net gain to the uk ? 
  from the vlachs ? 
  hmm i wonder why nobody sane is like that, 
  iirc putin said something like russia making it 's own internet, 
   they 've certainly causes less destruction over the past couple decades . 
  only because they do not have the same power, 
   everyone tries to squeeze out of the balkans with any way they know . 
  is it a thing in serbia ? 
  and putin 's online apologists, 
   but my country can still destroy russia with le pen in power eventually ? 
  ah now i notice boris better, 
   this just shows they never expected `` leave '' to win . 
  that or great incompetence, 
   china-russia exercise in south china sea they also had one in the mediterranean i think, 
  the point is he is president now there is no more cia president for 3 decades . 
  how is it the same thing ? 
  they moved away from that stuff meanwhile russia did not change . 
  you can say it is the same if old bush was president now . 
  basically same thing like with assad and russia, 
  so last time that happened was more than 3 decades ago, 
  too late for that, 
   it makes about as much sense taking a us president with cia and nsa background ( there were quite a few ) and consistently describing every his action as `` cia methods '' . 
  cute but the current one is n't ex cia/nsa worker . 
  same with the next one . 
  when was the last time an actual agent of the cia or nsa became president there ? 
  if ever so much false equivalency in all your posts when it comes to russia, 
  for some reason these guys are noticeable mainly on the internet , not much irl . 
  some of those in central europe should n't be red anymore, 
  some are sockpuppets tho, 
  not aspiring to join . 
  far from it actually . 
  something something / pol/and, 
  what politics is murdoch playing ? 
  the prosecutors will also change the accusation to crimes against national security by the communication of false information , which is regulated by art . 
  404 of the criminal code , which , under the headline `` communication of false information '' states that `` communicating or disseminating , by any means , false news , data or information , or counterfeit documents , knowing that the respective information is false and thus endangering national security , carries a prison sentence of one to five years . '', 
  some much more than others, 
  found it http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-04-19/goldman-sachs-first-quarter-profit-drops-60-as-revenue-plunges, 
   if gs is so cozy with the government and all that , why is it having a bad year ? 
  any links ? 
   on friday , the lobbying watchdog , corporate observatory europe , called on the commission to extend the cooling-off period , within which former officials can not take lobbying jobs , from 18 months to three years . 
  the same people will still complain even with a 3 year limit, 
  still picking this over russian/chinese models, 
  i guess it 's ok if it is n't much and straight copy-paste, 
  idk this guy in particular copied 80 pages out of 300 which ca n't be an accident, 
   ponta was never a lawyer bs he worked as lawyer for udrea 's husband cocos and for another crook ovidiu tender i suspect he was n't hired for his lawyer skills tho , more like for his connections . 
  he gained like 450k euros as a lawyer, 
  his godfather lost his too . 
  he 's an ex minister who also worked as doctorate advisor helping lots of high ranking officials get doctorates and who are also suspected of plagiarism . 
  one of the current ministers could soon lose his doctorate too . 
   the question is how much of their improvement is because they are now free of the communist madness or because they joined the eu . 
  go compare eu and noneu ex commie countries then compare romania and moldova/ukraine/georgia / belarus ie, 
  on the bright side at least they are n't just killed like russia did with the opposing journos, 
  how do u guys know that car has same owner as the house ? 
  could be someone passing through there and stopped to make that pic, 
  you can pretty much bet she will be sentenced when you know the sentence rate is over 90 % and she is in 3 cases, 
  there 's also tanasescu recently from the european bank for investments, 
   dragnea he has 1 suspended sentence and another case on trial which might send him to jail tariceanu is still on trial for another case, 
  this is the same guy who endorsed a presidential candidate who is now investigated in like 3 or 4 criminal cases now he backs other crooked politicians too when they get in trouble his party just absorbed that very rotten unpr ffs . 
  how can you be so blind ? 
  yeah lol the only terorrist we had here recently was a hungarian with firecrackers, 
  it will be another contrarian propaganda campaign like urs and brexit recently, 
  1 people who dont share my view are ignorant, 
  elites are part of the globalist conspiracy so they are silent / s, 
  you 're breaking circlejerk shoo you shill, 
  http://all-len-all.com/linguistics-analysis-confirms-donald-trump-talks-like-a-4th-grade-boya-very-bigoted-4th-grade-boy/ http://nymag.com/scienceofus/2016/07/linguists-trump-uses-a-lot-of-words-that-dont-carry-any-information.html, 
  inb4 borisov takes kremlin 's side on this too, 
  why not purge the government 's cleaning ladies too ? 
  enjoy ur protest vote, 
   the term ` sovereignty ' forever disgraced . 
  just a buzzword for the alt-right now, 
  per capita it 's 10th iirc, 
  some good news the guy was practically mia during the campaign and right before the vote he even helped leave i bet he is very pleased now that coward . 
  exit fits his antiwestern agenda . 
   `` another article to paint that leave voters are dumb . 
  please upvote so that it strengthen my point of view . '',
