  nobody cares where you 're from . 
  many romanians have strong inferiority complex, 
  they are looking more and more east currently, 
  myeah that will end well for eastern europe, 
  not necessarily from war fleeing from persecution in general is enough to get asylum, 
  the problem with turkey is http://www.migrationpolicy.org/research/syrian-refugees-turkey-long-road-ahead meanwhile , formal immigration channels , including recognition of refugee status , remain restricted to europeans , while non-europeans receive temporary protection status and are expected at some point to resettle in a third country . 
  it 's funny how now the likes of orban , zeman , putin are heroes on this sub . 
   in central and eastern europe , 17pct of the laws with an impact on companies were adopted by extraordinary procedures ; in romania , the proportion was 55pct . 
  somewhere in bavaria ? 
  yeah populists can be quite cunning, 
  wow so let me guess conspiratards love trump, 
  yeah we had big ponzi schemes here in the 90s, 
  is this just trolling or for real ? 
  13 days account with this being the only post, 
   the time available between publication and ratification will be too short a year has to be enough, 
  as if putin doesnt lie in public especially western interviews, 
  i wonder who is next after syria, 
  they can move them here then, 
  well that leadership was voted there by someone not installed through coup by moscow, 
  to help ur cynicism there 's a lot of illegal goods coming through constanta bribes go to politicians politicians help make road there to help the traffick, 
  no tourist divisions ? 
  she is right with that the eu is very weak, 
  in the years before they got scared ( say 2007-2013 ) absorption was shit then too even worse actually ~ 30 % so it actually went up a lot at the same time with the justice system working better, 
  that capital mayor after geting arrested suddenly said he is sick and was allowed to go hospital he got checked and all was ok so he got sent back under arrest next day his lawyers say he has 12 illnesses and cancer lol so now he is back in hospital i think it 's common for politicians to suddenly have a medical issue ( stuff never heard about before ) when they get jailed btw prosecutors wanted to intercept and monitor that guy and some others for a few weeks when they went to vienna this summer and austria rejected helping, 
  it uses the directly elected representatives in the european parliament instead is that against democracy ? 
   an organization under v4 is really starting to look enticing now . 
  you ca n't trust western european governments . 
  i dont see how v4 helps when you have a problem with putin you 've got politicians there like fico , zeman , orban and those are even less trustworthy than merkel and hollande, 
  isnt that in russia 's interest ? 
  oil prices going up ? 
  whats the problem ? 
   did the turkish authorities from the border area , turned the blind eye on smugglers because it was coming from `` above '' ? 
  yeah that would be a possiblity smuggling goes smoothly through there, 
   was it premeditated since may when it all started ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  that wasnt done with eu money, 
   turkey should open its borders and let the 2.5 million refugees enter the eu . 
  turkey is not in the eu and does n't need to act as an gatekeeper for them . 
  unless erdogan wants something from the eu and that idea helps him negociate, 
   it is an islamic country , so you never now , but mohammed vi is doing pretty well in this . 
  well jihadists probably dont like that brand of islam so he has to be careful, 
  yeah it is a boon for him he should be thanking the countries that let them go through, 
  if you go back centuries there may be a hundred but no way its right now since most have ended, 
   i usually do n't enter political discussions , but it seems that people here do n't realise that it is all a power struggle over a gas pipeline shia vs sunni pipes https://iakal.wordpress.com/2015/08/21/who-is-responsible-for-the-war-and-the-immigrants/ and yes israel 's big resources matter too, 
   it is in our interest as european to have good relations with russia . 
  not on putin 's terms, 
  a pkk kurd and for which they bombed ypg ones too, 
   left and right ? 
  it was involved in 12 wars just in the last couple of decades, 
   islamophobia myth you should look at ie the bottom comments on any islam related thread, 
  turkey 's bombing of kurds was everywhere in mainstream media, 
  um what does ukraine have to do with what snake said ? 
  i am surprised this didnt get downvoted to hell on this sub, 
  that requires much time and patience, 
  it just needs encouraging considering the problems with the muslim world, 
  afaik ba'ath is repressed by iran, 
  he 's right the minsk agreement has nothing to do with crimea or avoiding a frozen conflict just ending real battle is it 's only purpose, 
  there is no way of telling :d, 
  sept 2014 http://www.english.rfi.fr/economy/20140929-poland-pressures-france-over-mistral-deal-russia, 
  cancel the mistral deals ? 
  i thought they found some buyers interested too, 
  putin 's buddy , the sultan , is already bombing kurds the sultan prefers assad to stay because otherwise kurdish independence is becoming a much bigger possibility, 
   what downvote ? 
  you could just upvote , make pic and then downvote back, 
   these issues have nothing to do with each other . 
  ukraine quite rightly expects that its territorial integrity is respected , perhaps not with regard to crimea she really said that ? 
  the guy has very good pr but thats about it everything else , the things that actually matter are really the same with him next the pope will release a pop-rock album, 
   russia needs these ships not really things like this are mainly about buying political influence, 
  um i thought they did that already ? 
   merkel betrays the interests of germany with her present policies . 
  are you german ? 
  wow so the country with some of the biggest research spending and population in the world has lots of nobel winners ? 
  whodathunk it actually looks bad compared to germany, 
  yes link http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-34411278, 
  meanwhile in ukraine . . did merkel meet with poroshenko today ? 
  putin keeps crimea , right ? 
  it 's own soldiers are the ones who know how to operate that and those are in ukraine too, 
  i dont see how it will stop refugees from coming there will still be a lot of persecution and the government has much to answer for, 
  when i said ending i meant military-wise, 
  so this is ending right in time for another adventure somewhere else, 
  i didnt know that ie he used chemical gas attacks on the opposition, 
  putin will get his too for making an even bigger mess out of syria, 
  so none of them had one for leaving the union, 
  isnt there a plan to make the migration legal so they could take normal routes instead of that ? 
  this would leave smugglers out of work too, 
  which country had a national referendum to leave the eu ? 
  mcdonalds too https://twitter.com/foxsoccer/status/650034220367224832?s=09 earlier they lost sony , emirates , castrol , continental and johnson & johnson and now apparently visa and budweiser too and mr blatter says i wo n't resign : `` while coca-cola is valued sponsor , mr. blatter respectfully disagrees with its position '' blatter must be really nasty if even coca cola complains, 
  it wouldnt surprise me but the source is bad, 
  football in the us has been constantly growing in the last years, 
  give a nobel for assad too, 
  dubious sources used to have a red flair icon but it got removed looks like something was kept for jewish media tho, 
  no just a super strong bias that needs confirming even if by lies, 
   keeping assad in power is n't about preventing repression . 
  it 's about making sure syria still has an actual government and who in syria would want it ? 
  assad gassed civilians ffs, 
   if usa and their middle eastern allies gets their will in syria , i think it 'll end up like a new libya that libya was mainly europe 's will, 
   there 's no third option ; there would be cant assad pick a successor ? 
  someone better seen which means anybody else really, 
  have you heard about reddits lord and saviour viktor orban ? 
  or vladimir putin ?
