  wtf a 2month old account that posts only politico and no comments found a troll this is more obvious than even the usual russian ones lol right wing shill attracted by the refugee crisis, 
  4 hours later still no deletion, 
  soros must be behind this, 
  there are barely any tourists here so idk, 
  works for me here 's the source in pdf anyway http://www.fiia.fi/en/publication/571/dividing_the_eu_with_energy/, 
  so facts will break the merkel circlejerk but judging by the downvotes in this thread it probably wont some people are really butthurt now, 
  so half dont even have this kind of parties in parliament ? 
  yet wheres spain btw , would like to see this with left wing included too . 
  does iran buy much from netherlands ? 
  and because of much stronger censorship you didnt know about it plus there are still archives still classified today , lots of things still arent known now its more difficult to hide corruption, 
  yeah im sure its all ` realpolitik ' too / s, 
  the un just splits europe in 2 , no ? 
   eastern european countries half are central, 
  yeah it seems appreciated on rightwing and conspiratard subs https://www.reddit.com/domain/veteranstoday.com/, 
  similar in romania iirc recently, 
  where do you check this, 
  you think rts popularity went up parallel with trump 's ? 
  crimea river, 
  you gave just one example and that is another country of the same mold as russia i dont see how it makes it look better thankfully we have apologists like you to ~ ~ explain ~ ~ downplay whatever makes it not look good . 
  hope you get some reward for all your hard work on this site , tovarish . 
   it 's also hardly unique . 
  and ? 
   well you sound like a racist in your comments his flair shows he 's a 4channer so yeah, 
  so brave of him to support irredentist states, 
  is this hysteria what made you very dependant on russian gas ? 
  i thought there was some recent progress on unifying the island, 
  the kremlin can support trump all it wants there arent enough 4chaners with right to vote for him to actually become president, 
  so were there lots of bridges in france or what, 
   the hungarian side has changed its mind it did intend to, 
   there should be something else that triggered this decision . 
  maybe ur leadership is corrupt ( ie they already had top influence when berlusconi was pm ) and or has ties to the old commies / ` socialdems ' and moscow is exploiting that, 
  they are gestures meant to keep putin from being isolated and show he still has contacts and influence in the eu if this wasnt about politics they would have just invited their ambassador , some russian priests . 
  not putin too . 
   still one of the most-read journals in the country . 
  more followers doesnt necessarily mean its quality, 
  whats their stance on moscow ? 
  an ex communist invites putin . . surprise, 
  yeah same problem with people like rogozin, 
  are those in power using that now as some sort of diversion from current more important problems ? 
  next is putin trying to connect crimea to russia by land, 
   i also like how russians have stolen all the glory of that for themselves . 
  soviet union were not only russians they make a 180 on that if the topic is about the bad things the soviets did, 
  lol a tv show is source for info on us-russian politics ? 
  notice it 's posted mainly on rightwing subs https://www.reddit.com/domain/politico.eu/, 
   about peace in europe , did you hear about srebrenica massacre and siege of sarajevo ? 
  did that happen in the eu ? 
  no it didnt, 
  i remember reading about one being state owned, 
  omikel said about foreign states those banks you talk about are probably private, 
  i remember a while back some fn guy getting caught doing a false flag, 
  quite suspicious, 
  or the russian one, 
  i wonder if iran bought some political influence too when they signed those billion euros deals a while back, 
   they should be force to adopt and fulfill the ordinary set of requirements before they 're given the visa deal . 
  maybe they do already and the block so far was just political like us with schengen, 
  besides the financing issue they have common interests against western institutions and status quo so they join together , maybe they are even infiltrated by russian intelligence ( didnt france have a big problem with this in the past ? 
  maybe it still does ) , maybe there 's some corruption going on too . 
  standard sample, 
   the association treaty is the direct cause for the current civil war in the ukraine . 
  it 's not really a civil war when you suffer foreign invasion, 
  also op has swedish flair so even more downvotes for that by the right wingers here, 
   his legal team is probably paid more money than not just the entire dna it 's ~ 20m euros/year btw, 
  how was his money laundering case progressing ? 
  maybe the kremlin was worried he would spill some beans soon in some deal with the investigators also some us senator last year said he has some ties with ppl on us sanctions list, 
   do n't play the pussy . 
  he 's a putinist , follow his post history . 
  waste of time to argue with him . 
  populism is on the rise, 
  make another friendship bridge, 
  just 5 ? 
  merkel and soros are behind this, 
  op are you some kind of activist ? 
  davutoglu looks like some cartoon mouse, 
  ive only heard about the woman one with the word hair not pubes, 
  same for romania, 
  fingers crossed, 
  the eu isnt even a state, 
  politics, 
  so maybe op is really a troll, 
   our propaganda a russian oligarch owns the independent, 
  op is an 11 hour old account too lol more lol i searched his user name and found this http://www.therussophile.org/author/george-koplan/ from some sort of ` alternative news ' russian propaganda site, 
  i like how irish / portuguese women speak, 
  is kotleba prorussian too ? 
  more so than fico 's group ? 
  good news for fico . 
  the kotleba scare will give him support for the future . 
  i see a pattern like this in more and more countries, 
  after some explanations it seems like fining is understandable, 
  a couple tens of old people at his grave near the church, 
  well its russian owned, 
  too little too late, 
   how easy is it to learn romanian ? 
  if u r unfamiliar with romance languages it will be hard, 
  the trump/sanders spam is everywhere even in online games, 
  corruption brain drain 3rd is . . hmm . . lack of good reforms/weak institutions, 
  so his allegiance is to russia but he would like western benefits, 
  make europe great again !, 
  not vodka ? 
  yeah lots of downvotes on the comments against trump we got lots of trumpists on this sub, 
  we 've been having record numbers of refugees since russia started it 's intervention in syria,
