  now they are trying to change one of the parliament 's chambers chiefs to make it easier to pass many of the delayed proposals to change penal laws in ways to benefit the corrupt . 
  soon it 's likely to see abuse in service ( of which many top tier politicians are accused of ) be legalised by the constitutional court . 
  even the center right is becoming friendlier ( or is the same as before see putin 's friend chirac ) see sarkozy 's comment on crimea , their mps visit there . 
  bleh this is the same guy that mediated between georgia and russia in the war and then got the mistral deal . . guess what bias he had . 
  it 's nothing new now with the fringe parties . 
  and it 's not just the right in europe but in the us too . 
  yeah it 's known https://www.wilsoncenter.org/sites/default/files/russia's%20far%20right%20and%20far%20left%20friends_summary_formatted.pdf http://www.martenscentre.eu/publications/far-right-political-parties-in-europe-and-putins-russia http://imrussia.org/en/analysis/world/2500-putinism-and-the-european-far-right, 
  related : https://www.chathamhouse.org/sites/files/chathamhouse/publications/research/2016-04-14-agents-russian-world-lutsevych.pdf  the pro-russian lobby in the west was created not without a reason . 
  just recently , an interview of yanis varufakis , a sleek swindler and the former greek finance minister from the first government of the radical party syriza , made it clear , that the plan of greece 's exit from the eurozone was developed by the russian institute for strategic researches . 
  it 's the same institute that http://www.jamestown.org/programs/edm/single/?tx_ttnews[tt_news]=43458 and http://www.themoscowtimes.com/article/571102.html, 
  i do n't think they gave up on the old network . 
  more like invested in the other spectrum more too . 
   they 're just the world 's wealthiest and most powerful people some of those . 
  and it excludes the ones from dictatorships who just hide most of their money . 
  by mark magnier june 6 , 2016 10:00 p.m. 
  et beijing -- european companies say operating in china is growing increasingly difficult as they battle loosely defined laws , perceived protectionism and industrial overcapacity . 
  the european union chamber of commerce in china , a trade group representing over 1,600 european companies operating in the world 's second-largest economy , said in an annual business confidence survey that the environment is `` increasingly hostile '' toward foreign companies and `` perpetually tilted '' in favor of domestic players . 
  pessimism among european companies operating in china reached an all-time high , it said , with 31 % of respondents bearish about the profit outlook , up 8 percentage points compared with 2015 levels . 
  and 70 % said they felt significantly less welcome in china than in years past , up 7 percentage points over 2015 . 
  particularly negative in their outlook : the machinery , information technology , telecommunications and chemical industries . 
  the results mirror the findings of an american chamber of commerce in china survey in january in which 77 % of companies said they felt less welcome now than a year ago , compared with 47 % in 2015 and 44 % in 2014 . 
  enlarge china 's commerce ministry did n't respond to a request for comment on foreign companies ' perception that operating in china has become more difficult . 
  the european chamber said the difference in operating conditions is significant . 
  `` i see a sea change , '' said j\u00f6rg wuttke , the chamber 's president . 
  `` pessimism is basically far more pronounced . '' european companies surveyed said china has moved too slowly in cutting the number of factories currently producing more goods than buyers want . 
  on monday , u.s. officials urged china to reduce excess steel production they say is fueling trade tensions . 
  `` excess capacity has a distorting and damaging effect on global markets , '' u.s. treasury secretary jack lew said in beijing at the opening of a two-day dialogue between the u.s. and china . 
  mats harborn , executive director of scania sales china co. , an arm of the swedish bus and truck maker and among the companies surveyed , said weak enforcement of vehicle-safety standards in china often favor local players in a position to bend the rules . 
  `` transportation is a good indicator of how china 's doing as a whole . 
  they 've made some progress but it 's far from enough , '' mr. harborn said . 
  `` there 's massive overcapacity when it comes to transportation . 
  it 's quite messy . 
  we 'd like to see proper enforcement so everyone follows the same rules and competes on service . '' while companies in the auto and food and beverage industries reported strong profit growth , the chamber reported , virtually all sectors have been hit by china 's weakening economy , which decelerated to 6.7 % in the first quarter , its slowest pace since the global financial crisis . 
  the expectation is that `` the worst is yet to come , '' the report said of china 's downturn . 
  despite growing difficulties , however , over 85 % of companies surveyed said they were still profitable or breaking even in china , reflecting an official growth rate that remains among the fastest of any major economy . 
  `` even if china 's growing at a slower pace , it 's adding an indonesia every year , '' mr. harborn said . 
  european companies also expressed concern over restrictive internet policies , the slow pace of reform and weak enforcement of intellectual property rights at a time when china is eager to boost innovation and upgrade its economy . 
  `` many companies are hugely worried about involuntary technology transfer , '' said michael clauss , germany 's ambassador to china . 
  according to the survey , 72 % of european companies were willing to invest in r&d in china last year , down from 85 % in 2015 . 
  four in 10 companies in the survey also felt their companies faced discrimination through recently promulgated national-security-related legislation . 
  apple inc. . general counsel bruce sewell told the u.s. congress in april that china for the last two years has asked for its source code , a request the company said it refused . 
  last week , more than two dozen american and international business groups signed a letter of protest against proposed chinese regulations for the insurance sector that they say could result in discrimination against foreign technology companies . 
  so he 's a far right nutjob instead of an islamist one ? 
  russia invades neighbours to distract locals from internal failures, 
   and if their economy was better i would consider it . 
  big if it 's funny how you dont see its the way ur favorite regime works that is making it have weaker economy, 
  it affects the neighbours, 
  oh noes the lizard people, 
  make a bingo pic, 
  i would . 
  elaborate ? 
  hahaha but they wont stop using them cuz they do like mercedes, 
  i like food from all over yurop so i cant pick . 
  same thing in romania . 
  pretty much every recipe is actually foreign especially the more important ones . 
  are you really an arab from iraq or a sockpuppet ? 
   which also would be totally legal at the request of those countries by the way . 
  yea same thing assad did involving putin, 
   it 's the internet , what do you expect ? 
  / pol / trolling in particular, 
  hurr durr but the security agencies do nothing, 
  1/4 of the most important townhalls ( 12/48 ) were won by candidates under investigation or already sentenced for corruption, 
  the extremists just want a safe space of their own nazis were the original sjws, 
  clever, 
  become the hero of pol, 
  intelligence services have become more active in trying to catch guys like these recently but still just 1 group missed is enough to fuck up everything, 
  wait guys only islamic fundamentalists promote stupid stuff, 
  btw turnout like 32 %, 
  i dont remember what happened last time but he will likely be suspended eventually . 
  in valcea won a guy with 2 corruption sentences . 
  he left his party in order to run cuz they dont allow ppl with his problems to but now he will rejoin the party or keep pretending he is independent . 
  this method was common . 
  my new mayor has an indictment . 
  why would romania want to be into such a russia friendly group its worth 0 trust when zeman and orban lead there, 
  yet, 
  same thing happened 4 years ago too, 
  yep now putin can play good , keep what he got , get reward from europe and in the future he can do the same thing again like he 's done before, 
  doesnt seem feasible, 
  it is lots of radicals came on this sub in the last year users with no flairs , usually americans that have n't been active here before but came here to push their / pol / agenda because of the immigration issue . 
  you can see the 4chan lingo is a lot more common here now . 
  and his councilor was kinda critical of junckers moscow visit, 
  why is this downvoted ? 
  are the rightwingers trying to hide this ? 
  it was negative when i posted, 
  yeah its a shitpost if its not another thread about the brown apocalypse, 
  law changed recently for townhall so that its 1 round instead of 2 . 
  he would have had a good chance to win with 2 rounds but now he will likely come 2nd and he doesnt accept being deputy mayor . 
  eh before some special people here get triggered by the l word just know that our left isnt really left . 
  it 's more like say pis, 
  and an eyes hospital chief in conflict of interests just yesterday, 
  yeah much corruption in the medical sector . 
  it 's rotten from the very bottom all the way to ministers , unions , university teachers , college of medics ( the thing that is ie supposed to investigate for malpraxis and other shit but instead they protect the bad doctors ) just 3 days ago prosecutors started investigating 77 oncologists for bribery ( they received foreign trips in return for prescribing certain medicines of some firms ) . 
  we have in total like 200-300 oncologists in the country so imagine the effect when hospitals and clinics are already * very * understaffed . 
  there may be no oncologist in some counties . 
  yeah i know they are farage , le pen , any anti-anything fans too, 
  no thats digimon, 
  did people wrestle for free pans ? 
  where do you see me posting there ? 
   btw , i am prepared to get downvoted because `` there 's not enough evidence '' . 
  you 're at 75 + and people still victimise themselves,
