  you have fans, 
   topple assad and what about putin , his protector ? 
  because he 's the jesus of the internet, 
   although i do feel that you have one particular side that you favour do you think you are neutral ? 
   you do n't want the subject at hand to be discussed and seek to deflect away from it in an attempt at character assassination based on nothing but innuendo and falsehood . 
  they teach this at troll school . 
  you did n't answer what your expertise is other than shilling . 
  you edited the quote since when is opendemocracy.net such a bad thing ? 
  that 's sarcasm i think ridicule is what conspiratards deserve, 
  there 's not much difference between those subs now one of the mods is mod on / r/conspiration ffs no wonder this bs is allowed here, 
  it reminds me of another conspiratard / u/yellowcakewalk that got banned or something i think he made a new account with similar name, 
  i too noticed that integrated romanis have nothing to do anymore with romani culture . 
  though there are some exceptions with some metal workers and actual traditional people . 
  the fear of prejudice and general dislike is maybe why they give up on their culture * entirely * ( there are good things too in it ), 
  i am the sheep !, 
  ca n't open my eyes to what light the truthers bring !, 
  good work , snowden !, 
  nice another troll account why does remembering soviet crimes disturb you ? 
  yes i saw that a long time ago which is why i said he 's at least some sort of activist with an obvious bias i know there are shills on reddit . 
  just earlier today there was this guy posting on this sub and he says russia did n't invade ukraine and things like that . 
  his post was removed . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/39s6rw/thoughts_from_a_ukrainian/ then there are those new 1 day accounts posting that stopttip link, 
  just another conspiratard internet activist though there are big similarities with the trolls because these conspiracies just go hand in hand with russian propaganda . 
  conspiratards love rt , sputnik , bs to undermine the west . 
  just browse / r/conspiracy and / r/newrussia and the other subs for a while to see . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rt_%28tv_network%29#airing_conspiracy_theories the name for the ones that look like paid trolls but are n't is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/useful_idiot, 
  troll account from another post of urs in ur 1 day old history u say ` there is no russian invasion . ', 
  not gon na read further lol u copypaste this story in different subs . 
  this is some kind of . . activism ? 
  :d we have the same thing with the number of brackets, 
  btw what happened with that kid that was beaten into a coma ? 
  actually beaten not like in this bad titled op . 
  i mean this kid warning graphic http://assets.nydailynews.com/polopoly_fs/1.1835953!/img/httpimage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/article_635/px-4144572.jpg some gypsies love squealing like that in the video when something they dont like happens here 's how some gypsies reacted when their relative got sent to prison ( a mobster with high political connections got sentenced for iirc attempted murder ) https://youtu.be/1xdqef6erp4?t=51s it 's funny how reddit pretends to be so leftist when it comes to something about snowden or varoufakis and other gods of reddit , ttip ( it 's sometimes like a cult ) but you see it 's not so when there 's a gipsies thread . . just populism, 
  our meps get a lot of money too did some googling and apparently its 6000 euros a month from wages alone local mps get 1k average net wage 390, 
  by our crook i meant him, 
  howd u get 1 million karma ? 
  some kind of bot account ? 
  but why was the ussr invading there in the first place ? 
  in afghanistan ? 
  the only eu leaders attending were pm borisov of bulgaria , our crook and the duke of luxembourg state leaders that came  president of turkey recep tayyip erdogan , president of russia vladimir putin , president of belarus alexander lukashenko , president of serbia tomislav nikolic , president of turkmenistan gurbanguly berdimuhamedov , president of tajikistan emomali rahmon , president of montenegro filip vujanovic , chairman of the presidency of bosnia and herzegovina mladen ivanic , grand duke of luxembourg henri , prince albert ii of monaco , prime minister of georgia irakli garibashvili , kazakh prime minister karim masimov , romanian prime minister victor ponta , bulgarian prime minister boyko borisov , prince of the kingdom of saudi arabia abdullah bin mosaad abdulaziz interesting bunch of people huh ? 
  the rest of the eu have boycotted it because of the human rights problems . 
  an ex foreign minister from our pm 's party was criticising the eu for it 's views on azerbaijan . 
  our presidency was told that the pm was supposed to be in budapest that night at some sort of socialists meeting . 
  thursday , a day before surviving a no confidence vote , he found out from the doctor that he has a problem at his knee requiring surgery and he still thought it important enough to travel . 
  almost all of it is biased some of it is worse than rt and closer to local russian media level bullshit ( our tv news channel with highest rating who had its owner jailed and his daughter and her husband that are directors are investigated for a really obvious blackmail of a cable firm ) we 've had another tv owner ( who had his tv licence removed because it was really tabloid iirc ) participating in the presidentials last year that got sentenced for using it for blackmail most of it sides with the government and some only pretend to oppose because on key issues to crooks they are on the same side to get an idea of the bs in our media , currenly they say we are going through a coup d'etat ( because of the pm 's indictment and the motion of no confidence that were rejected by parliament ) , there is a new mineriad , the anticorruption agency is the new communist secret police ( securitate ) and prosecutors are stalinist . 
  also there are foreign forces that want to expose us to russia so there is a bigger conspiracy . 
  the 2nd guy in state ( senate speaker ) said justice system is antidemocratic and needs to be under political control . 
  he really said that . 
  the pm thinks the same . 
  the media watchdog is ran by a crook investigated in 4-5 cases ( she cant be fired because she has a very special immunity ) and very biased in favor of the government . 
  that institution was always very politicised . 
  there have been big media owners jailed and some just recently indicted most of the media has debt problems and with the crooks that finance them going to prison they are worried so the government is now trying to create a 15m euros state aid fund to help them ( the biased media watchdog will decide which private tv news channels will get what ) . 
  before this they were thinking to put a 5 % tax on cable providers and then use that money for the funding but they changed their minds after some criticism ( or because the eu could have stopped it ) . 
  through emergency ordinance btw because the government just loves using that ( 95 last year !!! ), 
  and parliament is just an appendage of it like always . 
  our rotten media and our political system in which ministers and mps look like they spend more time on tv than working are very interdependent . 
  btw there are elections next year and the fund will give money then too . 
  obviously . 
  the only good thing about our media in general is that they have n't * yet * made a big turn against the west and towards putin with all that orthodoxy against decadent nazis yurope and muh sovereingty but there are steps towards that . 
  :d btw osce said the separatists are using armed children to guard checkpoints, 
  im not talking seriously wtf is with the downvotes dumbasses were saying the same thing when the ukraine war started and i dont see ww3, 
  troll account, 
   russia does n't want the issue resolved as it would mean having less leverage in moldova which could freely join the e.u. 
  or even romania if it was no longer tied to transnistria . 
  yes this kind of leverage is the sole purpose of these frozen conflicts, 
   transnistria will be whatever the people want it to be , what a naive fool you are the puppet regime in tiraspol will do whatever putin decides transnistria is not de facto independent , it is de facto dependent on moscow . 
  transnistria will never be a country it will either stay a frozen conflict or join moldova/russia/ukraine, 
  round 2 ? 
  transnistria isnt a country, 
  and the 5 +2 transnistria negotiations are leading nowhere, 
  ceasefire going well, 
  it 's weird that just a couple of days before this austria 's ep vicepresident lunacek was criticising azerbaijan, 
  other state leaders that came  president of turkey recep tayyip erdogan , president of russia vladimir putin , president of belarus alexander lukashenko , president of serbia tomislav nikolic , president of turkmenistan gurbanguly berdimuhamedov , president of tajikistan emomali rahmon , president of montenegro filip vujanovic , chairman of the presidency of bosnia and herzegovina mladen ivanic , grand duke of luxembourg henri , prince albert ii of monaco , prime minister of georgia irakli garibashvili , kazakh prime minister karim masimov , romanian prime minister victor ponta , bulgarian prime minister boyko borisov , prince of the kingdom of saudi arabia abdullah bin mosaad abdulaziz interesting bunch of people huh ? 
  the rest of the eu have boycotted it because of the human rights problems . 
  an ex foreign minister from our pm 's party was criticising the eu for it 's views on azerbaijan . 
  our presidency was told that the pm was supposed to be in budapest that night at some sort of socialists meeting . 
  thursday , a day before surviving a no confidence [ vote ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/39klo2/romanian_ponta_government_survives_3rd_censure/ ) , he found out from the doctor that he has a problem at his knee requiring surgery and he still thought it important enough to travel . 
  no no they are being repressed ! 11, 
  this guy has a suspicious relationship with our pm our government 's prime-crook is visited by him at least once a year and no details are given . 
  all the pm says is that blair is his idol ( already a big warning sign ) and that he comes to encourage him . 
  tony blair seems to be involved in a suspicious cancelling of a 400 million $ debt of kazmunaygaz to our state, 
  did n't it already start with crimea ? 
  we 're already heading towards ww4 open your eyes, 
  who should expell them ? 
  it kinda worked here too, 
  i think it changes a bit depending on that, 
  no but sometimes one gets the impression that serbs think the root of all their problems there is that nato bombing kinda like ukip blaming * everything * on immigrants from some particular countries, 
   by what legal mechanism could they refuse greece ? 
  the eu had no power to audit their books , btw does it now have that power ? 
  really ? 
  haha at least the game wasnt so important the bilbao guys missed an el final a few years ago, 
  not in crimea not between them and the new state at least http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/inpictures/2014/11/pictures-crimea-persecuted-musl-201411259434641124.html http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32145218, 
  oh i thought its not even celebrated here only a couple months ago did we make may 10 a state holiday ( still work day ) and afaik the state organised nothing for it, 
  why obscure ? 
  they are worried about syria with the conflict there and all that their focus is on cyprus, 
  then use the money to bribe the west more than russia does to gain more assurance, 
  seceded and yet it is the legal heir, 
  and what about the wiki editing ? 
   that being said - resign if you ca n't attend . 
  but ~ ~ there 's some nice money to gain ~ ~ the people must be represented meps are entitled to a daily subsistence allowance of $ 304 a day , as well as a monthly stipend of $ 4,299 for `` general expenditure '' expenses , which mainly includes office management costs , though meps ' staff costs are paid separately .
