   i mean this anti corruption spree started in the last year . 
  it 's been at least 2 or 3, 
  it happened after they arrested udrea i think, 
  ~ ~ 93 ~ ~ 97 working on over 9000 cases, 
  all minorities get 1 representative automatically so magyars would always be in parliament, 
   i do agree though that a multi-polar world is a very good thing it would definitely bring a lot more conflict in the world . 
  it was no good the last time it happened with the soviets . 
  just in this region alone it 's certain that a stronger russia brings more problems ( unless it reforms deeply but it wo n't happen ), 
  reminds me much of the magyar party here it 's worth usually ~ 5 % in parliament and is strong in only a few counties it too is often part of government ( 8 govs since 1996 , almost always having ministries - yet they still complain about repression or w/e especially during elections ) and is careful to keep good ties with everyone . 
  currently they left the government a month or two ago and it 's possible that they will vote for the opposition 's no confidence motion because the gov parties are weak after the pm 's failure in the presidentials and it 's likely that the opposition will take power at least after the parliament elections next summer so they want to be part of that new gov. 
  it 's the kind of party a majority wants to help keep their position in power . . we call it a hinge party, 
  mainly 5 days old right wing reddit trolls, 
  fascists would send you to die in a workcamp , not give you a fine . 
  greenpace was just looking for pretext to play victim, 
  global warming will make that far east more and more lucrative if the world warms , it can access it 's vast natural resources better , increase its arable lands and potentially the artic becomes a viable sea trade route . 
  it could leverage that in a number of ways i wonder if the deniers get any russian support, 
  great source there, 
  they do in movies and tv shows saw some park and recreation recently and one of the women was wearing shoes and lieing on the couch big no no, 
  more sanctions then, 
  so many good posts worthy of / r/panichistory on this sub, 
  what is huffpos problem with turkey ? 
  pre ukraine war pictures merkel stands for continued sanctions unlike some leaders same merkel said putin is out of touch with reality putin tried to scare her with his dogs when it was known she has a phobia about it now btw merkel is governing with schroder 's old party, 
  illiberalism working well i see, 
  this far right sub needs a safe space huh, 
  sure ie the schroeder type policies are just realpolitik if only someone like chamberlain was chancellor ... 
  check out the nafta threads over in r/badeconomics, 
  what do you think kremlin trolls do ? 
  something something marxist merkelreich, 
   ah , greenpeace , the witch-hunters of the left . 
  yet most people trust them a lot on ttip, 
  so the eu is a very bad thing but eu money is great, 
  omg i cant believe greenpeace would have a big bias its funny how this thread got almost no attention, 
  yep its getting buried, 
  something something 4chan stormfront, 
  now its almost another / pol / clone, 
  its getting bigger, 
  lol turkified romania has some native turks and they look entirely middle eastern, 
  the best food is in melting pot areas, 
  a european army in the future with maybe le pen , some versteher or afd guy in power and uk out of the eu, 
  some in germany have ideological interests with russia and putin, 
   `` i do not take my mandate from the european people . '' she 's not directly voted so she is right, 
  is it ever from regular posters on this sub ? 
  wan na show us some ? 
  do you get any hatemail ? 
  source ? 
  the dutch referendum was very ignorant same movement now with ttip, 
  this sub would be half emptied now if the donald trolls left, 
  coinciding with the far right gaining more power, 
  how childish, 
  lol he already whatabouted, 
  germany did a lot to fix its wrongs tho i dont see russia ever doing that, 
  but reddit tells me the eu is a german instrument is germany sueing itself ? 
  the new brics, 
  nice propaganda you made new account just to post this kind of stuff ? 
  uhhh its the donald leaking again, 
  maybe it would go down if serbia stopped immitating russia, 
  and here 's how referendums can be bad, 
  it makes a difference in the case of little green men war a great difference this the only risk to those countries , there wont likely be a conventional or nuclear war . 
  the only thing the eastern eu countries need protecting from is the little green men tactic which doesnt require some massive army being deployed in support, 
  we 've often had this stuff happen too ie back in may 1 billion euros worth of funding was suspended because of some suspicions, 
  obviously it shows the us doesnt trust the new president . 
  his group is putinising the country . 
  the more i read about poland the more it looks like russia and orbanistan . 
   as if that were n't enough , local government has put up flags and billboards along the way of the chinese motorcade and has done basically everything in its power to crawl up so , so far up the chinese ass . 
  i remember a thing when the chinese came here in the parliament a few years ago they removed eu flags and replaced them with china 's, 
  interesting preemtive move putin must be worried, 
  balkans wtf, 
  moldova probably has to give it up which may be unpopular and russia may not accept, 
  its more because russia is like a model state for them so they dont like anything bad about it posted stalin too was quite right wing anyway with sweden ie its a big opposite, 
  yeah i guess because of the new rightwingers, 
  how come the thread post is buried in downvotes ? 
  they are just trying to defend the white race . . in a country with already like 98 % homogeneity, 
   and do a complete ban on abortion . 
  this sub seems to have a problem with opposition to putin ? 
  buried thread, 
  hmm i wonder how many of the other propaganda blogs that get posted on reddit have been registered like that, 
  pis strikes again is this the same chemtrails minister ? 
  it 's slowly getting better but we desperately need more time to keep this going and maybe romania will look much better in a decade or two . 
  a change in mentality is needed and i think it 's happening but really slowly . 
  politicians themselves dont care ie the biggest party voted as its president a couple years ago a guy who was sentenced for referendum fraud just a year earlier ( failed presidential impeachment ) . 
  a known dubious mayor who was arrested today has like 40 % in polls to win again this year . 
  another old crook , the capital 's mayor who was arrested a few months ago , was also seen as surely winning another term so there 's a real problem with the voters . 
  there are still strong forces in the country against the corruption campaign ( in particular in the media and parliament ), 
  yeah iirc our politicians rejected microsofts offer then came the overpriced deal with that middleman because overpriced means there is money left to steal, 
  because the deal was made by a local reseller , not microsoft . 
  chief prosecutors get proposed by the justice minister then the president accepts, 
   it 's interesting to me at least that all this fight against corruption started roughly around the time russia annexed crimea . 
  it was going on since like 2012 ie when ex pm nastase got his first sentence crimea happened 2 years later, 
  repost https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4bvtzy/lawyer_for_detained_russian_servicemen_in_ukraine/ https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4bvt4i/lawyer_of_russian_citizen_on_trial_in_ukraine/, 
   minimal sentences though :( well they ratted on others and accepted guilt so that already lowered it much good thing is they get 10m seized after they got 9m in bribe i think we have very weak laws with small sentences and our crooked parliament will not change that prosecutors are making an appeal ... dunno why yet, 
  so let me guess russia will want some spy back ? 
  some dpr ` hero ' ? 
  % of muslims who favor making sharia the official law in their country russia 42 % , kosovo 20 % , albania 12 % , bosnia 15 % survey covered just se europe http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf, 
  there are a lot more ex ministers ( like 9 i think ) still on trial in the same licenses deal but the ones from yesterday had their case separated prolly because they admitted what they did and ratted on others so prosecutors wanted their case to go faster, 
  they 'll just make their own tournaments now, 
  boiled hot peppers ? 
  im so hungry now :d, 
   force people to show ids when buying prepaid phones unlike now terrorists can just steal them , no ? 
  found the minced meat recipe http://www.romania-insider.com/recipe-from-romania-cabbage-a-la-cluj-varza-a-la-cluj/25046/, 
   i see that people also eat it with bread on side .
