  hurr durr muh sovereingty so the european socialdem group is siding with ponta , particularly renzi 's guys with whom the pm is close . 
   but it is safe to say that ms kovesi 's latest target is her biggest yet the prosecutor in this case is someone else , a young guy . 
   in a statement , the prime minister 's office denied all of the dna 's charges . 
  it also implied they had been unveiled in collusion with the political opposition . 
  there is `` a huge spin-doctoring campaign in the romanian media to portray this as a political prosecution , '' says cristian ghinea of the romanian centre for european policies , a think-tank . 
  most of the media ( it 's almost all very rotten ) is promoting the idea that prosecution of the government is a coup ( tho the pm said sunday he is not a victim ) and the pm and the justice minister have been threatening with criminal cases the opposition for encouraging protests  ( last week the senate voted to preserve mr sova 's immunity , prompting mr iohannis to say he could no longer work with the government . ), 
  that vote was done a 2nd time because the first time the constitutional court ( which is also demonised by those in power ) said it was n't done right ( counting of votes problem ) and iohannis said that about the parliament , not the government . 
   opposition parties introduced a motion friday morning to censure the government . 
  that motion will probably come up for a vote next week , vote is this friday i think . 
  those in power reconfirmed their support for the pm so it wo n't pass . 
  they have like 320/560 mps and the fragmented opposition ( part of it - more or less obviously - sides with the pm ) has just 170 signatures for the motion . 
  ponta is the 4th candidate of the 2014 presidentials to be indicted . 
  one is already sentenced for blackmail . 
  belgium , netherlands and maybe some others, 
  what happened ? 
  the illerminati !, 
  on the internet and in the real world ... 
  faster than my home internet huh http://www.speedtest.net/my-result/4415077270 btw for some unknown reason my speedtests on my 300mbps subscription sometimes show 400-500 speeds :\\ sometimes just 100 ( same server which is reliable ) dunno why . . vlach magic ? 
  i wonder if there is something wrong with my pc, 
  go away with your official facts , you shill !, 
  only fearmongering bullshit is allowed on ttip otherwise it is onesided information !, 
  meanwhile there 's no problem with those astroturfing newly made accounts posting on ttip, 
  details about his [ accusations ] ( http://www.romaniajournal.ro/pm-ponta-prosecuted-in-sova-file-president-asks-for-his-resignation-pm-says-no/ ) the pm and his brother-in-law justice minister threatened the opposition today for encouraging protests http://www.romaniajournal.ro/ponta-threatens-opposition-with-criminal-complaint/ also today the motion of censure was read in parliament which is to be voted friday and while parliament tries to protect this crooked pm , the president holds national security strategy talks with the political parties including the pm 's and himself . 
  nah just more of the same until there 's a new yalta, 
  who cares they already are very much against the west, 
  i 'm the puppet of obama !, 
  lol how naive the eu is far too fragmented to ever be more independent from the us without falling instead under russia or some other big power . 
   why does everyone think that russia is our enemy ? 
  because it threatens us ? 
  because it blackmails us ? 
  wtf !, 
   the duration of sanctions should be clearly linked to russia 's full implementation of the minsk agreements iirc it doesnt say anything about giving back crimea in those agreements , right ? 
  he said 2 times in december and march that he will quit if he has law troubles . 
  now he changed his mind . 
  even today he said he wo n't quit . 
  he saw what prosecutors do as antidemocratic ( this is the same guy who said 2 years ago he wants to ` take political control over them ' ) and a coup but today he changed his mind a bit . 
  he 's very incoherent . 
  the ruling coalition has no problems with him staying pm . 
  there are doubts when you see people like sarkozy support crimea 's annexation . 
  this guy has good chance to become president again . 
  there are also problems with how he handled russia regarding the georgia conflict and then the mistral deal followed maybe as reward for how sarkozy dealt with it all . 
  there are reasons to mistrust many european countries when it comes to russia and european security . 
  and who would the most helpful be ? 
  btw what do italian politicians think of china ? 
  especially renzi, 
  there 's only 1 superpower anyway and it 's not in europe, 
  5th time in 10 years ? 
  wtf, 
  again 6 hours old account posting ttip propaganda ? 
  it 's the 2nd one in the last 2 days here, 
  he 's trustworthy . 
  tell merkel to get working on that free trade deal . 
   we should have started diminishing our military presence in europe decades ago . 
  the russians can force them to take their defense seriously more than we ever could . 
  or it could push europe towards russia ? 
  are you saying they act independently from moscow ? 
  his inner hitler, 
  so the east still has reason to worry then huh hmm what were the nuke threats about then ? 
  or with the funding of certain destabilising political forces, 
   but is has ( or used to have ) one of the worst roads in eu still has, 
  my dear ? 
  who was he telling this to ? 
  weird :d ours carry them but there is a lot of bureacracy and some other kind of trouble so they avoid using them even though they could . . it 's why sometimes there are cops beaten up by some dumb ass, 
   portuguese people are like this by nature . 
  no matter how well things are going , the country is always shit . 
  wow like all other people in the world ? 
  ` secret ' :d, 
  tell me the audis belong to the local church ours use luxury mercedes, 
  they are plotting against ukraine those damn swedes, 
  iirc we were imperialists trying to steal ukraine, 
  the puppet of amerika brings western decadence, 
  parliaments is in winter 2016 and townhall and county councils half a year earlier he will stay pm because the parliament will block indictment although for the illegal stuff he did as lawyer he is indicted properly but he ca n't be suspended for that until he is sent to trial which can take a few months . 
  our law on this stuff is a bit vague , probably done on purpose . 
  yes it seems like he helped set up to catch him red handed but im not sure . 
  the briber does n't seem to be in trouble . 
  he wanted some support from the townhall for some urban planning stuff ( to allow building of some supermarkets ) and some road traffic authorisations needed near 2 supermarkets funny thing the councilor has 650 euros / month wage but his wealth is worth a few millions and the tax agency ignored him, 
  btw his support in parliament is big the opposition filed a no confidence motion ( dunno when it will be voted ) and it was signed by ~ 180 mps and they need a hundred more for it to pass because we have like 560 mps . 
  those in power always did bad in local elections, 
  he can be like his political mentor and idol ( his own words ) , ex pm adrian nastase , who already was jailed 2 times . 
  if he moved to the uk when he was very little then it 's possible he started to adapt only to english . 
  it happens here too , young kids born here then they soon move to spain and speak just spanish . 
  2 months ago he had ~ 25 % . 
  it 's amazing that he survived so well after the crash he had when he failed to win the presidentials last december even though polls 2 days before the vote gave him 55 % in 2nd round . 
  rivals from the party were removed , congress cancelled or something . 
  in case of new elections an april poll showed that the coalition there has ~ 40 % and the main opposition party 45 % numbers are from a local pollster inscop, 
   mayor of our capitol is also charged ours is still safe though one or two ex ones have problems a councilor of his was caught geting bribe a few days ago and apparently he is his right hand man he was taking bribe ( first cut of 25k euros out of over 200k ) to split it later with the mayor ( kaufland guy bribed him ) and hopefully it leads to charging him too . 
  the mayor is still silent . 
  orion isnt ? 
  6 hours old account posting anttittip links i 've seen this happen before https://imgur.com/a/0c9vy whats going on ? 
  why the need for fearmongering and astroturfing if this really is such a nasty thing ? 
  \u021a\u0103rile de jos tho it 's usually olanda, 
  nice team . 
  russia annexes and china comes with the money . 
  romanians have short memories and are and will still be very easy to trick for votes, 
   he alleges only the parliament has the authority to fire him . 
  the parliament can allow prosecutors ' indictments and then he can be suspended by the president, 
  :d busy prosecutors :d over 7000 cases for just 87 of them still got over 90 % sentence rate one of the best prosecutors agencies in europe, 
  it began at least 3 years ago, 
  apparently he ca n't do that without parliament 's approval of prosecutors ' request ( for the conflict of interests ) which is unlikely to pass, 
  the motion is unlikely to pass btw the reasoning in the motion is that the pm isnt organising new elections in some places even though a court is forcing him to ( decision not final tho ) .
