  weird there 's nothing about this in local media . 
  not right now anyway btw http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-4265352,00.html ` holocaust denier ' appointed as minister - 2012, 
   the last thing we need is a bunch of people making far-right noises . 
  thank god nobody cares about that idiot vadim anymore . 
  noua dreapta registered a party and there 's that dubious bogdan diaconu . . 
   romania , for instance , gets very hot during summers . 
  it 's gon na be 39 this weekend :(, 
  yeah putinists deserve to be spied on and germany has plenty of these vestehrers, 
  2 putinists, 
  common culture and history and part of the geography is, 
  some ideas here http://carnegie.ru/eurasiaoutlook/?fa=60746, 
   media said it would be the biggest in europe/eastern europe ? 
  muftiat changed his mind about it or something and it 's gon na fit 1k people which is n't nearly as big as the media played it, 
  people are told to leave but they dont want to, 
  we know for a fact he sent it back for political reasons because he said , during his run for president , that he would seek to implement virtually the same policies once elected . 
  you ignore that he also said there needs to be more sustainable spending and much higher state income increase , not just tax cuts he complains about the same now, 
  afaik garbagemen have bigger wages than a young doctor or teacher, 
   at the next year 's election . 
  they might even happen this autumn btw it 's very likely that the opposition will form government next so the current one knows it 's exiting power and can afford to take some risky measures with which the new power will have to deal with, 
  stuff is seized but the tax authority is very slow in actually recovering it . 
  it 's being worked on tho and hopefully it will be faster . 
  cool but that training wont help much if they dont make some big reforms, 
   they should just use the extra tax money to give doctors and nurses better salaries instead of this idiocy . 
  that kind of people does n't bring nearly as many votes, 
   what i do n't understand is why his party voted for the fiscal code in the parliament imagine the complaining when a liberal party votes against tax cuts, 
   and romanians are called ~ ~ `` romani '' ~ ~ rom\u00e2ni in romanian . 
  that \u00e2 makes a big difference, 
  same idea claimed in soviet times too right ? 
  they got there through hard power in the first place, 
  it 's funny how there 's moaning about antigreek circlejerk but most of the stuff is antigerman and you dont see much complaining about this circlejerk do you notice the same ? 
  i guess it 's smart because they probably have similar needs and it will be cheaper, 
  / u/yellowcakewalk was banned or something it doesnt exist anymore lots of conspiratard stuff he posts and very rarely commented karmawhore too, 
  just to fuck up other countries that want to look west their soft power is failing so they resort to this kind of stuff, 
  i remember it being a story a few years ago google ` military equipment finland russia syria ' i just remembered it when i checked out the president 's wiki page where it says when he met putin in 2013 he said nothing about the smuggling issue http://yle.fi/uutiset/customs_investigate_military_shipment_to_syria_via_finland/6497594 putin 's a big supporter of assad, 
  most have n't left, 
  link ? 
  those innocent politicians in those awful awful gulags :(, 
  it 's funny how rt attracts racists, 
  does finland still help russia smuggle military equipment to assad ? 
  why so high in hungary ? 
  do they just like this word because it 's what they want to see in neighbour countries because of the minorities ? 
  i thought orban 's muh sovereingty was appealing there, 
   he belongs to the court in the city of shumen . 
  so small town prosecutor ? 
  think of the democracy !, 
  ( our politicians say it is a coup when a prosecutor charges a minister ), 
  where does that prosecutor belong to ? 
  high court in sofia ? 
  it 's being worked on and might be finished by the end of the year, 
  except for pm tariceanu 's spending screw up, 
  5th column huh ? 
  this reminds me of 2011 european fencing championships in sheffield , women 's ep\u00e9e team medal ceremony - our team was played the commie anthem during the ceremony . 
  we got gold btw . 
  girls got down from the stage when they heard it . 
  is it still less than what expats send back ? 
  1600 pennsylvania avenue northwest , washington , dc 20500 , united states, 
   ( for those who do n't know what it means google image search should speak volumes ) https://imgur.com/uqb41ub beware of nationalist leftists, 
  that 's the pipeline from baku ? 
  that 's supposed to help the eu diversify it 's import sources ? 
  the eu seems silent about this, 
  google title click article there, 
   the bulgarian government communist party was compelled once again to adapt its stand to soviet interests in the balkans . 
  [ 9 ] the policies resulting from the agreement were reversed after the tito -- stalin split in june 1948 , when bulgaria , being subordinated to the interests of the soviet union , was forced to take a stance against yugoslavia . 
  [ 11 ] damn it moscow messed it up, 
   if krugman was the sage of wisdom that people think he is , then the baltics would n't be seeing growth right now for example and would be buried under a mountain of debt . 
  yeah he said latvia would be the new argentina, 
  good luck, 
  i 'm surprised to see russia involved . 
  do n't they have a lot to lose if iran starts selling oil ? 
  turkish, 
  secret ? 
  how cute, 
  what does varoufakis have to do with tpp ? 
  tpp , not ttip ? 
  wrong sub, 
  btw could this affect tax evasion from the stuff coming through those ports ? 
  is it a problem already ? 
   it could also possibly spell a decrease in russian influence in me . 
  saudis seem to be geting closer to russia tho, 
   you literally cut out all the parts of the title that do not fit your narrative , and in doing so the butchered sentence does not even make any sense in terms of simple reading comprehension . 
  full title or not i mean the same thing . 
  i still do n't see the difference . 
  europe does n't revolve around varoufakis ( just reddit does ) and there is a new finance minister and from the same party and in the same pm 's cabinet . 
   yup , you 're retarded . 
   you took the title of the post which was ... and you just edited it in the most disingenuous way to show him in a bad light . 
  got some proof ? 
  the only thing changed ( and changed right after posting ) was adding a space because i typed bellybutton in one word . 
  how and what exactly did i change ? 
  i love how defensive you get over greek god v-man . . is this reply actually for me ? 
   the real question is : why ? 
  no one with a functioning brain would ever take something out of context so much by mistake . 
  are you paid for this ? 
  or are you completely retarded ? 
  saudis going mad yet ? 
   my resignation and what it all means for greece * and europe * he thinks he 's the belly button of the world or what ? 
  blame putin, 
  at least short/medium term gd will be strengthened regardless of what happens, 
  will the vote be secret ? 
  post the pms, 
  at the riga summit the eu didnt even talk about the membership possibility for those,
