  illiberalism is the solution !, 
   did n't pnl fuse with the previous governing party pdl ? 
  both disbanded and joined into new pnl one of the copresidents or w/e ( the one leading pdl ) was yesterday witness in a corruption case of an ex pdl minister, 
  there 's this diaconu guy built to replace him but so far he seems very weak despite some support from partisan media, 
   it was until elections in december 2014 that he announced he would renounce his doctorate only because of protests and losing the elections and afaik he has not yet been excluded from the bar ( and he should be giving back money earned as lawyer ), 
  yeah lots of things build-up, 
  the thing is we dont have a procedure for emergencies like that it seems, 
  nobody asked for the pm to be arrested, 
  most clubs here dont respect the regulations and also lots of old buildings that havent been strengthened ( like in the old center of bucharest where there are lots of clubs , restaurants and tourists ) . 
  a big quake can make huge damage . 
  even townhalls and hospitals today it was found out the national stadium isnt allow to have fireworks which were used in the past, 
  http://www.nature.com/news/romanian-prime-minister-accused-of-plagiarism-1.10845 ethics council said it is plagiarism a commission of the ministry said it wasnt ( politics ) - which has more weight and is why he isnt investigated for that too http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/16/us-romania-ponta-iduskbn0ju1n520141216, 
  about what ? 
  he really is sent to trial you can be judged even still being mp in his case for some of the original accusations, 
   he realised not to stand against social media you miss the protests during the presidentials he was asked to quit then too, 
  some may want to talk other subjects too since they are here already the pm has part to play too in foreign relations ( shitty ambiguous semipresidential system ), 
  the normal permit to open a club they had that from townhall mayor thinks he has no blame because the owner took ` personal responsability ' ( law loophole apparently ) the way the permit was given didnt respect procedure anyway and inspectors who were there a week earlier failed to notice the main problems the club had ( just that staff didnt know to use fire extinguishers iirc and still they didnt close the club ) for fireworks they needed permit from somewhere else i think . . firemen maybe, 
   at the moment psd wo n't make an alliance with unpr because of the bad image it has . 
  sources say psd doesnt want to govern with unpr but unpr insists . 
  unpr wants to govern but without interiors minister oprea who is the party leader . 
   unpr is an opportunistic party . 
  it was created to accommodate all the mps who left or were thrown out of their respective parties . 
  they negociate their support with the coalition in power . 
  yeah there was even a party ppdd ( small populist party with media owner and leader in jail for blackmail ) with like 60mps that doesnt exist anymore because they all left to the bigger parties mainly to psd and unpr ( you can change party here and not lose mp seat ), 
   band had more pyro stuff than permitted . 
  werent allowed to have any but the general permit may have been given ilegally inspectors were very bad, 
   rather then resigning over some direct corruption accusations . 
  ffs he already is indicted and sent to trial the guy goes to the tribunal now already, 
  not really for the party it would have been better to quit when indictment was first made months ago, 
  a few days of negotiating i guess the mayor who gave that club permit has quit too now . 
  he had big chance to become capital mayor next year . 
  glad he 's gone . 
  nato summit here today 8 leaders ( all regional neighbours ) and none of them had any meeting planned with this crook, 
  i doubt he 'd do that too, 
  he already is prosecuted !, 
  just for part of the accusations ( some were blocked by parliament months ago like the conflict of interests iirc ) sometime this month he has another visit to the tribunal scheduled http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/17/us-romania-ponta-iduskcn0rh17e20150917 already went to court once ( our system works very slowly btw ), 
  ponta was pm when he ran in the presidentials, 
  yes i doubt he will have the same protection right now if another request comes from prosecutors he was pushed by his party 's president to leave, 
  he 's the one who 3 years ago said he wants to dismantle the anticorruption agency and this spring was indicted by it, 
  oh yes more plagiarised doctorates :d in prison he will write many books, 
  so convenient lol, 
   the spirit of the law is that the biggest party or the coalition of parties so from the same power group, 
   while risking , after 3 rejections , to trigger a new election cycle , something which few parliamentarians are willing to risk those in power definitely dont want that so they will do their best to not fail 3 proposals, 
   or is this a chance for a real change at the top level of romanian politics ? 
  short term no replacement is likely to be another socialdem or someone in their circle of influence . . maybe someone from the opposition but i doubt that, 
  he is still interim this might mean some of the accusations that were blocked might work now . . in his criminal case there is a rumour that the interiors minister abused his function now ( an ally of ponta . 
  a godfather of his actually . ) . 
  rumour came right after the resignation news . 
  a week or two ago a motorcade cop died during an escort which likely was used ilegally . 
  maybe the patriarch quits too, 
  the mayor may actually have a legal problem, 
  when it looks like he was only responsible for checking prices for alcohol there, 
  mayor signed one of the permits and thevway it wad done looks dubious , not following proper procedure, 
  so far . . it doesnt look like it i suspect those in power are now not sure what to do and afraid to make it worse no agitators either, 
  it 's up on euronews, 
   it 's perfectly fine to apply the premise of good faith to businesses . 
  except in romania where it obviously doesnt work, 
  i 'm not sure if it is actually a good idea . 
  keep it on the table for a while more . 
  the townhall shouldnt have given the club permits in the first place the mayor thinks it was ok because the owner ` took personal responsability ' but that is bs . . why do we still have authorities if anyone just takes personal responsability and does what he wants there are actually lots of clubs , even hospitals and townhalls that dont meet safety requirements the laws too arent good because of loopholes, 
  https://imgur.com/a/lrwle picture 3 related to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apqlbhk-rfy the song the band was playing at the club the night of the fire, 
  brasov and another one i forgot the name . . something with p i think tomorrow in timisoara and cluj, 
  english http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/03/us-romania-fire-iduskcn0ss2cg20151103 https://www.occrp.org/en/daily/4564-romania-questions-raised-over-graft-and-incompetence-in-tragic-nightclub-fire, 
  btw prosecutors arent touching authorities so far only the club owners, 
  he went everywhere with escort ( big escorts too with motorcycles and everything ) weddings , party hq , relatives , restaurants everywhere these are common abuses from lower politicians too they also use helicopters and it 's registered as troop training when its only allowed for emergencies, 
   he had 1500 police escorts in only one year 1500 so far the year didnt end yet !, 
  it 's a protest organised on social media . 
  opposition politicians arent there . 
  they actually are in a non-combat state now . 
  media reported gendarmes talking about it being 20-25 thousand actually ( there is also a rumour about gendarmes organising in an hour and a half to break the protests . 
  likely bs to discourage more from coming ) . 
  there 's no permit for the protest btw . . 
  i think . 
  since it was just organising online , not by a particular group to go take permit . 
  here you need permission to be allowed protesting . 
  the gendarmerie didnt report official numbers ( protests are over 3 hours old now btw ) protests in other cities too they want resignations from the pm , the interior affairs minister ( the one in the event a week ago when a cop died if u remember btw ) and the mayor from the sector in which that club is the consumer protection agency chief was fired by the pm ( btw this chief made a inspection at that club in the friday when the fire happened ) . 
  a week earlier the police inspected too . 
  the mayor gave the club a permit to run . 
  btw only 1 person quit so far , a news chief from state tv because it showed nothing on tv friday night about the fire . 
  protesters went to the pm 's office and to the minister 's they are walking quite some kms around the city . 
  they went to the townhall too . 
  protesters going to the patriarchy premises . 
  the church and priests dealt with the whole event very badly . 
  went to parliament too more protests tomorrow , in more cities . 
  normally those in power would give up in order to limit damage and there are elections next year . 
  they are risking much now . 
  it 's funny that those in opposition do n't really want to go into power now . 
  it 's almost half past midnight and there are still lots of people around, 
  i suspect some funding or other kind of support for some mainstream ones too, 
  i know more refugees means more support to extremist parties who happen to have policies favorable to putin, 
  slavic brotherhood, 
  i dont see any candles lit in russia about this club fire either, 
  some care and advertisers it 's far from really being ' a thing ' here, 
  and some people were thinking russia intervening in syria will make it all better lol, 
   how is blood used to treat burns victims ? 
  they bathe them in blood and then they heal like vampires dude, 
  here you get 7 food stamps a day off ( for school too ) free transport ( for the day i think ) 50 % public transport subscription discount ( dunno if monthly or longer ), 
  [ yum ] ( http://thumb9.shutterstock.com/display_pic_with_logo/119005/119005,1312992420,2/stock-photo-male-vampire-licking-his-bloody-lips-82556149.jpg ), 
  31 dead now, 
  they offered and we said no because we can handle it we cant handle it,
