  when russia deserves them, 
   also in return such a base will strengthen putin 's internal propaganda rhetoric . 
  happening anyway . 
  why care ? 
  what magic is this, 
  sorry for this sub not being the putinist circlejerk most reddit is  it gives one the impression that people here are on some kind of propaganda payroll sponsored by the eu how come those putinbot accounts , the newly made trolls are always on russia 's side ? 
  whos the chancellor, 
  this as a sign that they may not be lifted and the comrades in rome do a favor to putin trying to buy time . 
  i thought italy 's policies would change without berlusconi but moscow has a lot more influence than i thought there, 
  yeah maybe france should get the kind of law russia has to ban foreign funding of parties, 
   why 'd they only leave now though , assad 's been in power for years ? 
  im guessing some were staying in some safer rebel areas which stopped being safe after russia 's bombings, 
   and then the rest of europe supporting the rebels in syria is what lead on the refugee wave . 
  assad 's civil war started it . 
  farage said he 's a big admirer of putin, 
  so she is a proper romanian official, 
   cre\u0163u dismissed a claim that the driver was annoyed at being asked to drive her niece around . 
  im surprised she didnt yet ask the staff to do her shopping in romania that is what security guards are for, 
  didnt russia change something and so echr 's rulings can be ignored ? 
  just propaganda, 
  did kremlintv call them 5th column yet ? 
  dont worry russia stronk, 
  no snow, 
   antena 3 the news post that was fined is also know like a more corrupt and biased fox news equivalent . 
  its worse than even rt, 
   sadly ( for them ) they forgot that they are not only corrupt , but incredibly incompetent , and the situation got out of control . 
  hubris  in the end they failed its not over yet . 
  i remember that those law proposals against the good functioning of the justice system are still in some parliament drawers waiting to be voted for in the right moment . 
  just yesterday we had parliament fail to lift immunity of an indicted mp . 
  very good, 
  im guessing we are doing something bad and hiding the numbers, 
  no numbers for romania ? 
  yep donbas is expensive for russia 's already troubled economy to run . 
  donbas is more useful as part of ukraine to influence kiev 's politics . 
  russia is bluffing about taking the east too . 
  it did manage to provoke kiev enough to challenge it much so it cant back down now and call the bluff or it will be called traitorous , it raised too much nationalism to back down . 
  so nice, 
   maybe even encourages the refugee wave in europe after russia started bombing in syria i remember reading news about record number of refugees in europe . 
  more and more flee now . 
   the new chief co-ordinator of the secret services is mariusz kaminski , a friend of mr kaczynski . 
  mr kaminski was sentenced to three years in prison for abuse of power when he headed poland 's anti-corruption office . 
  but president andrzej duda , a former law and justice politician , pardoned him so that he could take the intelligence job . 
  wtf, 
  lol wtf 20 % cheaper energy doesnt matter where are you from ? 
  you are worried putin loses blackmail power over the baltics ? 
  why do you care ? 
  but do u have seafood kebab ? 
  very fast and cheap internet, 
  criminal law :d, 
  yep http://www.blic.rs/data/images/2014-12-02/545012_05_ff.jpg, 
  concerned citizens !, 
  is it christmas in the house of lords ? 
  nah there 's a cult for him in europe too, 
  it did shit about hungary so dont expect much with poland, 
  i cant believe this isnt buried in downvotes . 
  on pretty much all subs there 's a big circlejerk with this guy . 
  what a hero assange is, 
  the independent trusts apocalypse experts ? 
  what kind of press is this ? 
  til its owned by a russian oligarch someone who worked for the kgb https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_lebedev i think their problem is that ground forces would do much damage to isis but russia and assad dont want that yet because they to deal with the rebels and make the world choose between only support jihadis or assad , otherwise it backs the rebels . 
  romanian terrorism an edgy minor and a hungarian with firecrackers, 
  paper bear, 
   oh wait , democracy does n't matter in europe . 
  ur parliament probably has to ratify it, 
  wtf, 
  continuing soviet tradition of supporting terrorism, 
  i like thinner, 
   also if the us left nato it would dissolve and the eu would undertake the military pact role as well thus becoming a bit more integrated why do you think that ? 
  euroskepticism is on the rise it would actually make this fragmentation easier, 
   you guys would seriously just give in to russia ? 
  already happening, 
  hold its own ? 
  europe has more and more prorussians in power see le pen recently, 
  russian banks finance le pen, 
  you mean continue btw , its already begun or restarted last year maybe continue more confidently, 
   being populist is something that works while they are in the opposition . 
  once they actually have to find a way to implement their proposals it all falls apart . 
  maybe they will look to russia for ideas to stay in power, 
  make the friendship bridge, 
  is op some kind of news bot ? 
  look at history, 
  syria is part of their exit strategy, 
  those who understood were too crooked to care, 
  * crickets *, 
  judging by the downvotes in this thread i see we have lots of fn fans here, 
  we have medieval folk too !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iapa96t0o-e https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z28wo-eblmk, 
  human rights are fascist, 
  no shit and it seems to work, 
  and im expecting quick response from berlin against poland like it did when it asked nato bases, 
  today the government changed its mind after a phone talk with the patriarch, 
  and they get more active when elections come which is our situation otherwise i rarely heard of peia, 
   ehm ... not really , they spend the money on very expensive cars and new churches here is a village priest 's 200k euros maseratti http://www.evz.ro/image-original-605-388/cache/2015-02/maseratti-465x390.jpg he also has a bmw 7 series http://image.stirileprotv.ro/media/images/680xx/may2014/61510746.jpg, 
  they dont even have traditional build, 
  give us some too, 
  * thumbs up *, 
  yeah just yesterday i was looking at my pair of jeans ( m&s which i think is british so yay eu ) and they were made in pakistan . 
  the thing is if we want clothes made here then they will probably be a lot more expensive . 
  in the new budget law we cut funding for new churches * ( they still get much spending like for salaries ) and stuff like that and we raise spending on education , health , army and dunno if anything else . 
  this while next year we have 2 elections and the church was always very important to bribe for votes .
