  like in mad max, 
   but i am against corporate corruption . 
  and trump filled his staff with dubious billionaires and goldman sachs/rothschild types . 
   he could have been arguing with people there , haha go argue with people there . 
  see how quick you get banned from the_safespace . 
  meanwhile another country , france now , is soon picking a kremlin sympathiser as president . 
  there are 2 main ones split from the kgb gru focuses more on foreign and military operations fsb is more internal , counter-intelligence , surveillance stuff . 
  yeah its such a dubious organisation https://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary&amp;orgid=16680 lol red cross scores lower, 
   i consider myself a liberal btw yet you have a post history in the_donald ( 11 % of ur posts ) this is asablackman bullshit, 
  and on most other subs, 
  a nice , big bottle of vodka . 
   it 's just that gorbachev has made conflicting statements over the years . 
  oh it 's just that the truth is inconsistent k, 
  that bit kinda makes the act null, 
  do you have a quota to fill ? 
  except it took a break for quite a while or remained quite marginal . 
  142 % of them, 
  false equivalency one of them was assassinated in a politically motivated attack . 
  the other died old . 
  wtf, 
   but i 'm a bit surprised we 're not in the greenest section . 
  it 's because of some politicians http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-eu-strategic-communication-to-counteract-anti-eu-propaganda-by-third-parties-motion-for-resolution-v.html notice how the ones closer to ponta 's circle abstained ( ponta who tried to defend lukoil in it 's tax evasion case ), 
  by proxy serbia, 
  a new british far-right movement is raising funds via facebook and equipping extremist vigilantes to capture immigrants in eastern europe . 
  the shadowy organisation styling itself the knights templar international ( kti ) has been promoted by prominent far-right figures including nick griffin , the former leader of the british national party ( bnp ) , and paul golding , head of britain first . 
  an investigation by the times has established that social media marketing tricks are being used to raise money and support from unsuspecting facebook users . 
  kti has used its funds to deliver bulletproof vests , drones and night-vision goggles to a bulgarian group devoted to catching immigrants crossing the european union 's frontier . 
  the news will raise fears of a resurgence in far-right activism days after the white supremacist thomas mair was jailed for life for the murder of the mp jo cox . 
  several of those associated with the group were previously bitter enemies , suggesting a rapprochement on the extremist fringe . 
  since monday , more than two million facebook users have watched an innocent-looking viral video which lures them to donate to the movement . 
  last night facebook said it was investigating , after being alerted by the times . 
  the kti delivery to the bulgarian vigilantes in september was announced on a visit by jim dowson , a far-right marketing expert and militant christian campaigner with convictions for violence and unlawful protest . 
  mr griffin , who publicly called for more kit to be provided for the vigilantes , was photographed with the gifts laid out in a forest . 
  the vigilantes set out to capture some of the 50 immigrants a day who cross into the country from turkey en route to western europe . 
  the bulgarian prime minister , boyko borissov , has thanked them but one migrant-hunter , from a different group , was arrested after posting a video showing three terrified afghans being forced to the ground and tied up . 
  support for kti has been built through sophisticated online marketing . 
  a video posted on the new facebook live service this week asked : `` should st george 's day be a public holiday ? '' viewers were invited to vote yes or no . 
  a message was `` pinned '' to the top of the stream of comments , stating `` join the templars today '' , with a link to the kti website . 
  each trick maximised the audience . 
  facebook promotes live content by moving it towards the top of users ' feeds . 
  viewers who voted either way were deemed to have interacted with the item which was then sent to their friends . 
  by yesterday it had received more than 230,000 `` likes '' sharing it across the social network . 
  dowson , a scottish protestant pastor , ran a highly successful telephone campaign for the bnp which helped it to win more than 900,000 votes in the european elections of 2009 , an unparallelled result that handed mr griffin a seat in europe 's parliament . 
  he moved to britain first but left , blaming police harassment . 
  that party 's leader , mr golding , has emailed supporters encouraging them to join kti , saying it is the ideal home for `` those with sensitive careers '' who want `` to stay under the radar but still contribute to the cause '' . 
  kti said it has no connection to any political party and insisted it had no prior knowledge of mr golding 's email . 
  it has `` no current relationship in any way with paul golding '' . 
  mr golding said he had no relationship with kti . 
  mr griffin and dowson both appeared at the inaugural international russian conservative forum , a gathering of right-wing extremists in st petersburg in 2015 . 
  asked about kti and the bulgarian kit , mr griffin said : `` i really have nothing to say to a warmongering rag that supports islamo-fascists in aleppo , nazi fascists in ukraine and the zionist-fascist occupation of a part of syria where rupert murdoch has been granted oil exploration rights . '' fiyaz mughal , of the anti-extremist group faith matters , urged facebook to remove what he described as aggressive online marketing by a group with disturbing connections to hardcore east european extremist networks . 
  it 's like juncker wants to fuel the far-right even more . 
  posts the frequent poster of rt and from the troll filled scw sub https://www.reddit.com/r/theoryofreddit/comments/58ainx/suspicious_prorussia_activity_going_on_in/, 
  globalresearch.ca is a junk source the moonbat ` academic ' equivalent of infowars , an outlet for conspiracy theories , pseudoscience https://www.quora.com/journalistic-ethics-and-norms-how-legitimate-is-the-centre-for-global-research http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/globalresearch looks like op is just doing his posting quota for this hour http://i.imgur.com/oj7mplr.png, 
  so true, 
  +16 for an obvious altright lie, 
  it was like 2 thirds chance right before the vote iirc, 
  yeah but . . eussr, 
  only the brave donald trolls in this thread know about it, 
  hmm you are at -2 just for asking source, 
  you mean breitbart ? 
   social media is just an echo chamber for the msm . 
  then why is it filled with neonazi and contrarian bullshit ? 
  the article is skeptical too  but the impact of such initiatives remains unclear in an internet age where people cocoon themselves in information bubbles to reinforce their strongly held views . 
  east stratcom currently does n't have enough resources to measure public impact and can only count the number of subscribers and twitter impressions its work generates . 
   no , fake news works for angry right wing conspiracy voters . 
  the ones who happen to be more attracted to the kremlin lul, 
  so why does de maiziere even bother with this ? 
  it 's this  the resolution passed on wednesday recommended that eu institutions monitor sources of financing for anti-european propaganda . 
  it called for beefing up task force powers to highlight disinformation tactics and for asking the european commission to provide more funding to independent media outlets . 
  but the report itself does n't have much teeth to implement these policies . 
   ... with its own disinformation campaign . 
  how do you know that ? 
  edgy pretending this rotten phenomenon doesnt exist, 
   for a field that 's unrelated to macroeconomics and fiscal policy til, 
  man of the people, 
  but but the brown people . 
  dont you know they want to ruin hungary ? 
  its like he actually wants populists to get in power but without making himself look so bad . 
  for some reforms, 
  why does reddit have a fetish for stiglitz ? 
  the reddit edgelords accept these things as long as the dictator sticks it to the man, 
  its funny how someone from far away is telling the cuban whats best for him, 
  maybe he meant georgia !, 
   when most western europeans are not . 
  source ? 
  basically repeating sarkozy 's `` mistake '' with the georgia war, 
   the cia with the american government were behind the warning to the germans to stop the deal . 
  source ? 
  joke , my ass . 
  you leeched from the countries where you imposed puppet leaders through rigged elections https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovrom, 
  he 's supposd to be some kind of special snowflake or something, 
   even if trump wanted to he could n't disentangle his business interests from his presidency . 
  not that he seems to be trying very hard . 
  it sucks that there 's no law against conflict of interest for him, 
  there 's also the bit with argentina http://www.dailykos.com/story/2016/11/21/1602567/-the-president-of-argentina-called-to-congratulate-trump-trump-extorted-a-favor-for-his-business http://thehill.com/homenews/news/307143-argentine-leader-ivanka-joined-my-call-with-trump http://qz.com/843800/donald-trump-spoke-to-argentinas-president-then-three-days-later-his-associates-announced-trump-tower-buenos-aires-plans/, 
  yeah this fake news post-fact phenomenon has just begun making big effects, 
  the internet is now a great tool to brainwash the youth . 
  see the alt-right now , breitbart , infowars etc. 
  a european big brother ? 
  i think there 's just too little content,
