   under spd control . 
  better relationship with france , russia , china . . yeah i was sure you were thinking spd would be better because better ties with putin . 
  you wish for another schroder , someone to more strongly enable moscow to do a lot more damage in europe . 
  eli5 wuts this gay emoji thing ? 
  their pm is some sort of zeman tho, 
  i know but the thing is i doubt old celts played that kind of music :\\, 
  iirc its kind of 50/50, 
   there 's no more 2nd world in the sense of development stage  but it 's different , especially the calendar and holydays . 
  in principle it 's much the same and there 's no other religion closer than that anyway . 
  actually it 's not an ` other ' religion btw some orthodox have same dates with catholics like us for xmas, 
  how did fico react, 
  land of the latin master race awaits you, 
  it 's easier to adapt there, 
  yeah it 's not like they come from a much different culture the same christian white european 2nd world slavs, 
   i 'd say it will join when its made the nessecary reforms , just like all the other members . 
  nobody questioned that :\\, 
  sounds irish, 
  it wo n't join any time soon if ever the eu should just give some more step by step support, 
  notice that venezuela , china and angola abstained, 
  there were 2 guys with the same kind of moaning the one who complained in all germany related threads about nazis and 4th reich eu and some other guy . . 
  i forgot both their users ah one was sarmatae is it something in the media there ? 
  what can we expect when epp parties are ruled by guys like berlusconi , rajoy and sarkozy ? 
  they are becoming more like orban too . 
  the only one that kinda surprises me is merkel, 
  is it me or is it a bit common for a bulgarian to make a thread just like this iirc i 've seen a few just like this already and only posted by bulgaria flair . . whats going on ? 
  the priests will, 
  chechen police, 
  they 've only registered it very recently and it 's very small, 
  btw i remember hearing somewhere that we have a record for amount of general ranks given as a peace time country . 
  in 2005 ie we had ~ 50k troops in irak and 126 generals while the us had 4 generals for 200k trops . 
  president basescu made 28 4 star generals in his 2004-2014 mandates . 
   in retort , vp gabriel oprea , also interior minister voiced his opposition to the bill , this guy too got his 4 stars in a dubious way, 
   it boggles the mind how some people interpret a priviledge of being considered immune to the justice system as some sort of proof of innocence . 
  in part it 's because of a heavy media campaign against prosecutors, 
   enough evidence/incentive to greenlight the prosecution of course it did n't when most of it is controlled by pm ponta and thus they did n't vote to lift his immunity . 
  same for his friend sova who kept his even after 2 votes . 
   and just to remind others who might read this : preventive detention/arrest is n't prosecution nor conviction . 
  it 's a circus . 
  the partisan media which you follow makes it so, 
  proof is given to judges , not mps , ( btw they are actually given some details about cases ) who get to decide if they accept prosecutor 's request . 
  parliament is not a court . 
  that immunity protected very dubious politicians . 
  84 % of romanians consider themselves to be religious and only 10 % say they are non-religious . 
  96.5 % of romanians say they believe in god while less than 2 % do n't believe in divinity . 
  15 % of romanians believe in aliens or witchcraft . 
  am i reading this wrong or there are some romanians that believe in god , aliens , witchcraft and also are n't religious ? 
  something missing in the article : 24 % believe in horoscope, 
  but keep buying russian energy be independent but only from the us is putin 's aim, 
   this nwo international court wut ? 
  yeah there 's often much bias in euractiv 's articles, 
   if west did n't meddle at all in those 2 countries they would be fine . 
  yeah it would rain milk and honey, 
  1ha seems little, 
  there 's work on new metro lines so i 've seen a few rats on the streets . 
  apparently work underground disturbed them . 
   the dna may simply be only prosecuting solid cases . 
  yeah catching snitches and wiretapping help a lot, 
   the crackdown has also had unintended consequences ; fear of prosecution has paralysed public administration , says one businessman , who warns anxious mid-level officials have stopped awarding public contracts to avoid scrutiny . 
  our pm said today that things are becoming worse because there are more and more investigations ( he doesnt blame theft , he blames prosecutors doing their job ) and because of this the ministry in charge with building stuff like highways will get less funding we already were doing poorly in building infrastructure anyway, 
   i doubt anyone is taking him seriously at this point he has like 25 % support in polls and the backing of most of the media, 
  no :d the bulgarian team, 
  in that case it could go to japan i guess or sk, 
  oh yeah when i read outside europe i thought outside the ` west ', 
  from where ? 
  i 'm guessing a south american, 
  our government should not feed this troll, 
  yeah interesting post history, 
  so more gas from putin then or what ? 
  same here, 
  and who is gon na find it reliable ? 
  steal less, 
  why are we so surrounded by so heavy smokers, 
   you can bet he will try to take votes from le pen i 'm just suspecting it could be more than just trying to steal some votes  this means his campaign must be even more right-wing focused than previously . 
  yes that alone is very damaging already how is sarkozy 's case going ? 
  i remember he has some law troubles, 
   thierry mariani and about 10 other centre-right republican party mps arrived in crimea on thursday . 
  it 's not only them who support crimea 's annexation , their leader ex president sarkozy does too . 
  that 's mainstream politicians . 
  i get the feeling that the next government in france will be very putinist and composed of sarkozy 's and le pen 's parties, 
   tripping russia of the world cup would cause a `` blast '' that could exacerbate the ukraine crisis what does ukraine have to do with the wc ? 
   today , the economy is among europe 's fastest growing , and its gdp is back at pre-crisis levels . 
  hehe and * nobel prize winner krugman * prophesized it will be the new argentina, 
  yeah he should be named rt chief, 
  he belongs with putin theyd make a wonderful trio with schroder, 
  i suspected montenegro to not be so high :|, 
  and also today a new case ( 3rd i think ) for the already jailed richest romanian, 
  apparently all that happened is that they added legionaires to a list of banned groups, 
  zorba, 
  well they also like to kick out from the party any opposers, 
  they usually avoid turning the ac on so they can steal the fuel needed for it, 
   had to take the public transport yesterday . 
  it felt like entering an oven here the transport firm got fined and since then i have n't yet seen a bus not running the ac, 
   the difference is that it uses 95 % less workforce to achieve that result . 
  source ? 
  the only thing i remember reading about is that ~ a quarter of the work force is in agriculture but gives only 4-5 % ( 2014 data ) of gdp ( 18 % in 1995 ) found something 29 % of work force is in agriculture ( 2011/2012 data ) http://economie.hotnews.ro/stiri-finante_banci-13372936-balanta.htm, 
   including russia but russia can avoid implementing european court judgments if they conflict with the russian constitution http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33521553, 
  where is russia ? 
  and there was a proposal for a 3rd candidate who is also investigated the new interim chief has a sentence for vote fraud iirc, 
  it 's still stupid to name it like that, 
  :d btw there 's a ` liberal ' party here named alde . . like the european alde,
