  they know it 's a trap . 
  i think they do it because they fear western reforms and their push for anticorruption . 
  they think that if they fuck up the country and hold it hostage ( or just threaten in that direction ) they could be left alone to let it all work like in their golden days . 
  and the same thing applies in the baltics, 
  the point is to be able to deal at least for some time with litttle green men, 
  im not sure if it counts as part of transylvania, 
  but but literally nwo, 
  why do you repeat the same thing in 6 subs ? 
  why try so hard ? 
  then you accuse others of being the shills, 
  i expect more activity everywhere now after the olympics have ended . 
  something more will happen in ukraine and they will be out in force . 
  it also feeds those tricked with pride and stolen resources, 
  yeah a quite regular one , definitely not part of the gdr leadership or in any way responsible for it . 
  til you are a shill if you do n't parrot kremlin propaganda only the usual apologists are the free thinkers this shill calling you do is called projection, 
  black sea -  ukraine ? 
  what does that have to do with merkel ? 
  nothing, 
  that was with un backing https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1973 notice btw russia did n't vote against, 
  inb4 whatabout america, 
  those high heels kinda ruin it, 
  yeah no other region in the world has had a bigger fertility decline as the middle east http://foreignpolicy.com/2012/03/09/the-islamic-worlds-quiet-revolution/, 
  only ~ 20 % of moldovans want it, 
  the trend is for the better but op doesnt want to show history and context, 
  do you have numbers from much longer ago to see how it compares , if the problem is lessening ? 
  i meant regarding russia policies where you said no we dont . 
  not their ability to win elections . 
  where does it say that the british are collaborating ? 
  where is the misleading flair ? 
  boris and may have other ideas, 
   that started 50 years ago ? 
  much further back try centuries, 
  it 's funny you being the one calling others shills, 
  western europe is strongly infiltrated by russia but then i look at the us and see trump running for president and as a republican too wtf even if he does n't win it still shows a big change inside there, 
  with the amount of antisemitic conspiracies being promoted everywhere today you can expect these things to happen just on some subs here everything is ( ( ( ) ) ), 
  he tried to hide what he himself said ? 
   well , as you started to blame everything orban does on `` hungary '' yes because your government represents your state basescu represents nothing now . 
  literally nothing . 
  it 's usually the countries where there was a lot of migration in and mixing with other people, 
  they dont show the numbers for actual rapes ? 
  what makes you think i appreciate basescu 's stance on that ? 
  basescu since losing power made a 180 degrees turn on foreign and justice policies among some dubious reassesments of local political ` enemies ' . 
  the guy 's a snake . 
  he 's very weak now politically btw , just an unemployed man really . 
  likely an expired politician . 
  his new party might not even make 5 % this year . 
  compare that to your government . 
  there 's a lot of esoteric bs lately promoted not only in russia but in the surrounding countries too, 
  problem with that now tho is that turks dont care about it anymore :\\ or do they, 
  and they think they are believed ? 
  romania said it supports it, 
  what 's the point of this ? 
  turkey , erdogan do n't really want this . 
  it 's nice of hungary to be first to keep doors open for dictators btw how does hungary deal with the issue of turkey helping isis ? 
  because hungary pretends to be very alarmed by muslims . 
  same with russia and it 's renewed partnership with turkey . 
  how do the mental gymnastics work ? 
  ha how sensitive the orbanists are . 
  more downvotes !, 
  it 's not bbc 's fault that the kremlin promotes these pseudo-science guys, 
  lots of radicals in general both on the left and the right mostly edgy youngsters and activists, 
  btw how come there 's no thread on this there, 
  italy wants european security but with russian sanctions lifted makes sense, 
  orly, 
  maybe it 's the same thing for him . 
  i wonder why . 
  to stirr shit and have russophobia articles fuel, 
  only something like 20 % of them want that do n't hold your breath, 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/cerviduct.jpg this one is really nice others i see have no bushes and they really should . 
  i think it would encourage the animals to go through there because it provides cover . 
  finns are aliens then, 
   it 's like they never picked up a history book . 
  they picked the ussr written ones, 
  i get orban/trump vibes from those, 
  meanwhile trump said he would nuke the middle east and take irak 's oil, 
  even breitbart showed that to be far from true, 
  to russia friendly tories mind you see the new government 's comments from boris and the pm . 
  corbyn knows what agenda he helps . 
  the guy is like one of those leftist double agents in the west from the 70s, 
  i mean what if it 's really the truth, 
  i bought these toy bombs we could use and the script is already written . 
  that does necessarily mean they are lieing tho, 
   there has been no internal debate on this highly sensitive issue yes the story here comes out of the blue, 
  trump is deeply tied to russia too and they dont mind it, 
   the only sources running this story is euractiv , breitbart and major russian news sites well that does ring some bells i 'm surprised to see euractiv involved in this kind of stuff . 
  the story is that the us wants to move b61 bombs for bomber planes which romania does not have . 
  there are 2 bases there , in deveselu and kogalniceanu . 
  deveselu has no runway ( it 's an old base built on the actual runway lol ) and this place is designed to launch rockets , not bombs like that . 
  in kogalniceanu the americans have their own base but the runway is n't theirs , the hangars are few and unfit for nuclear bombers and this base is in range of crimean rockets . 
  there are also obvious legal and diplomatic problems . 
  one can suspect that the story is propaganda ( another episode after the sky news weapon trafficking one ) to scare the locals in romania ( a country still stable and very pro-western compared to many others in europe but with elections coming soon when some russia friendly populists might make the 5 % to enter parliament ) about the us ( ww3 , end of the world scares ) or it 's half true in the sense that what could happen is romania being just some sort of transit zone for moving the bombs somewhere else ( somewhere north or nw ? , they could also be moved through greece instead or maybe the us does n't trust the greek defense minister ) . 
  nvm the last bit because local law prohibits transport and import of nuclear weapons . 
  atm i have a hard time believing this . 
  does it make sense to anyone ? 
  nvm that the telegraph wouldnt try to trick us on this, 
  any numbers for foreign non-eu workers ? 
   you 're forgetting how little diplomatic power romania has if it was still cameron in power maybe something would work but now , after the vote , in power are murdoch 's guys diplomacy with this guy as foreign minister http://www.politico.eu/blogs/spence-on-media/2016/06/brexit-eu-referendum-rupert-murdochs-support-for-boris-johnson-comes-with-a-warning/, 
  is that air conditioning in the netherlands pic ? 
  next reporting from sky will be about the prison conditions lol, 
  a trump win would help further break international order and they want kosovo back,
