  ponta 's friend sova , cleared now for abuse through the ordinance , even destroyed evidence ( same case for them ) but parliament rejected prosecutors arrest request . 
  yeah they are friendly to russian interests ie lukoil is investigated in 2 cases , one for over 200m tax evasion , another case with 1billion damages . 
  their last pm , ponta also investigated for other stuff , actively tried to deter prosecutors who even lifted some sanctions and he and his close friends have ties to them . 
  the current pm was promoted politically by ponta 's father-in-law , high rank socialdem . 
  also investigated for abuse in office , influence peddling , organised crime . 
  ponta 's political mentor , another ex pm before him , is a friend of aleksandr dugin and since being released from jail has been much more outspoken promoting the usual propaganda you see from the apologists . 
  ponta also said russia is no threat recently and that the budget for defense can be lowered and that nato is useless . 
  a flipflop from what he used to say years ago . 
  nope though some lackey on the crook 's tv said a few days ago that live ammo can be used in some situations . 
  probably just scaring people from coming . 
   , because of the media trying to spin it if it went violent . 
  they already accused people of being nazi troublemakers , soros shills ( yes at the same time ) , commie secret police members , etc their tv belt said coup d'etat, 
  no riots or agitators it seems, 
  he 's not romanian , likely russian . 
  ignore the obvious troll, 
   it also modifies the penal code and makes it harder to fight crime , corruption , terrorism or drug-trafficking . 
  also discrimination and denouncements . 
  the pardons bill is getting delayed . 
   , all so their friends can get out of jail and have clean records . 
  yes not only the ruling coalition but others in opposition and their associates in business , media , etc. 
  that one had no foreign support from either the west and russia these guys do, 
   just kept saying how '' everything we did is legal '' and next question , next question , next question . 
  he did it in a press conf earlier, 
  the pm and the party leader are missing they had scheduling for some official events and didnt come they are hiding somewhere, 
  pes has to kick psd from it 's group same with alde btw the general prosecutor may have motive to dissolve psd, 
  the numbers half an hour ago are ~ 100k there and 75k in the rest of the country record since '89 now its 200k total state tv is not showing the protests 300k !, 
  the guy in the middle is the justice minister just a few mins ago he said nothing illegal , immoral or secret has been done which is such obvious bullshit, 
  the original plan 4-5 years ago was to simply dismantle anticorruption agency but they couldnt do it so now they worked from the other end of the law, 
   movement towards the west looks less promising . 
  leading members of the governing party already said the eu looks bad and in the future cozying up to russia and china is better . 
  they have a bias towards them and roots in the old commie secret police . 
  the west was good only until reform pressure was too big . 
  part of it yes but decriminalisations no , it takes 10 days to apply . 
  i think the magisters court is appealing the constitutional court cuz othe ombudsman is a puppet . 
  other liberals in the opposition arent joining they were supporting the changes of those in power and their propaganda, 
  they wouldnt do that anyway, 
   technically they did nothing legally wrong , they merely changed apart of the law 's criminality . 
  ha they even included in this order an item decriminalising themselves when issuing unlawful executive orders . 
  yes they won last december and have rushed this, 
  eli5 wut did poland do ? 
   he can if the law goes through parliament . 
  only twice parliament can just change a bit of wording and send it back, 
  all prosecutor or judges organisations , all justice institutions , courts , even the ones in the prison system ( the pretext was that they want to lower the prisoners population btw because of apparent overcrowding ) are all against this . 
  actually the constitutional court didnt say anything . 
  they are lead by someone from the ruling party . 
  the ombudsman is their lackey too ( only attacking things the ruling power didnt like and closing his eyes when they did something bad ) and said he cant report the order to the court which was proven to be a lie . 
   but fortunately it did n't work . 
  they failed here too 2 or 3 times in the last years in 2013 and 2014 but they kept trying, 
  pointless most of the money they steal is from local budget cuz its easier to get caught by the eu it affects the honest people more than them and they would love this, 
  they also asked the opinion of the magisters court just a few hours before passing the ordinance . 
  their reply was to come today but they did n't wait . 
  apparently it was done to confuse the president cuz last time he came by surprise to the government meeting . 
  2 weeks ago there were rumours about them trying to pass these so he went there and they didnt do it ( he 's kinda popular so they got scared i think ) . 
  dragnea , the party leader and nr1 figure saved now , was also in the us at trump 's event ( as a private person to his dinner , not official invitation and likely paid 100000s $ to a convicted briber elliott broidy ) pretending not to know what was happening back here . 
  still no eu reply, 
  psd is a lot like fidesz or pis, 
  no eu response yet, 
  apparently the only somewhat realistic way out of this is to simply force the gov to do another ordinance to repeal the first one or something it passed in the official monitor , it 's live now . 
  the government already has cut the eu contributions btw in the new budget, 
   so here it starts , trying to divide the eu countries internally against its strongest remaining defender , germany . 
  suddenly some firms started to clean the snow in one of the main streets leading to one of the squares where people protest so now it 's blocked https://i.redditmedia.com/qwxwiwwlrrkebaxmf2snx5vk3lped0d-rog9-qeakcq.png?w=618&amp;s=13d3795439531a6740b656923b145f9d its common for firms like these to gain contracts by corruption so they likely have political ties . 
  the ones in power in bucharest are from the same party as the one in government . 
   they 're instigating an ongoing conflict to keep ukraine out of nato and the eu . 
  its also a great distraction from what is happening now in romania which politicially is the least russia friendly one in the region . 
  it 's a missing piece in the puzzle . 
  meanwhile in the ukraine now . . wtf, 
  via skype from somewhere in russia i guess, 
  funny thing that a far-right prorussian party ( a satellite of those in power now ) is using the impaler image for pr and they are in favour of these laws, 
  the man even said he has no idea what the changes are about . 
  literally earlier today he said he does not understand what the upset is about . 
  the changes were written even in his own office and a month ago he was bragging about these projects like nobody knows them better than him a la trump . 
  this is [ liviu dragnea ] ( https://www.ziarulincomod.ro/file/2015/04/liviu-dragnea.jpg ) he is the leader of the socialdem party , the major party in the governing coalition . 
  he was elected by his party after being given a suspended sentence for referendum fraud . 
  he is now cleared in his 2nd ongoing case for abuse in office which would have likely sent him to prison cuz most people admitted to the wrongdoings . 
  he had his first trial yesterday !, 
  the party chief before him too has legal problems and also the one before that ( already did jail time ) and the one even further in the mineriad case , iliescu . 
  its why they didnt wait for a referendum their own voters dont really like all this, 
  and the court is run by the same group who is in power, 
  the pardons are tomorrow i think . 
  idk about the amnesties . 
  it seems that today they passed the decriminalisations and other stuff cant understand shit now ... 
  romania isnt a presidential republic , cant do much here . 
  they rather burn the country that go to jail thats all there is to it they literally went all-in with this, 
  a great distraction for the eu from the problems we just got now here, 
  it 's a lot more than dozens , those were just a few examples of the more known ones . 
   they basically ignored every single person and institution , and most importantly , the people . 
  they even pretended they dont know whats in the bills or why people protest . 
  even earlier today . 
  fuck fuck fuck fuck apparently it was passed sneakily . 
  not even journos close those in power were told what was to happen in the gov meeting . 
  only thing that can block it is if somehow doesnt pass into the official monitor . 
  not sure what the president will do . 
  he said he has some plan b but it may be a bluff . 
  the ombudsman wont do shit cuz he 's the crooks ' lackey but the constitutional court is run by one of them too and repealing doesnt matter because the weakest criminal law will apply which is this one even if its available for a moment . 
  the changes are more in depth than pardons but decriminalise abuse in office , conflict of interests , changes to denouncements ie they only work if its for a deed done at most 3 months ago , you get out of jail without having to pay the damages ( over 1billion euros in just 2014-2016 ) , etc. 
  a lot more than just pardons and amnesties . 
  its like a wishlist of all top tier crooks . 
  i feel stunned . 
  lots of people gathering to protest near the monitor 's hq . 
  we already had 2 weeks of protests , last one had 100k people .
