  i do n't understand . 
  you ask if people here would complain if a german minister would attend a government session here ? 
  the germans , italians and french mainly for business , fairs , workshops , that kind of stuff . 
  gallup has one showing putler has ~ 87 % approval, 
   russian will eventually come to envy the growth in living standards of their asian and eastern european neighbors . 
  if they can find out about that because that 's what all that heavy propaganda and censorship are for meanwhile russia will continue to try to destabilise eastern europe ( especially ukraine ) like it did in bulgaria with those bank problems a few months ago, 
  % of imports , right ? 
  we also need a map showing how much the imports cover, 
  cool we should see other countries do this, 
  it is uncommon for them to be threatened with nukes, 
  votapmen talks about conspiracies so i gave more ideas again , so far it 's just a bunch of idiots . 
  the rama bit is still speculation . 
  / you really think russia would n't try to manipulate you against each other ? 
  plus they love their trade with russia though i think that in germany 's case it 's about more than trade, 
  it could also be a set up by someone who wants to see rama 's visit be more difficult i do n't see how it would help the us because albania is prous and serbia looks to lean west via eu which is good enough . 
  just a bunch of idiots . 
  maybe it 's from rival politicians in albania . 
  the more nationalist kind which rama does n't seem to be . 
  or maybe from russia who loves nationalism and dividing peoples and putin is gon na visit too . 
  it would help his image of ` protector of serbs against albanians ' see kosovo and make it harder for serbia to lean west . 
  i wonder if putin will say anything . 
  maybe he 'll say something that would just escalate the conflict . 
  again ? 
  very bad ratings in `` political rights and civil liberties . 
  political rights ratings are based on an evaluation of three subcategories : electoral process , political pluralism and participation , and functioning of government . 
  civil liberties ratings are based on an evaluation of four subcategories : freedom of expression and belief , associational and organizational rights , rule of law , and personal autonomy and individual rights . '', 
  from freedom house 's site idk how it is calculated exactly http://www.freedomhouse.org/report/freedom-world-2013/methodology#.vd12wk3yc70, 
  anybody got pictures of something like that ? 
   but the circlejerk in favour of b\u0103sescu it 's mostly jokes you are exagerating if there 's a bias towards someone then that is iohannis or macovei , definitely not basescu . 
  maybe if it 's something just between basescu and ponta where it 's clear who the less popular one . 
  we 're building lots and lots more churches than schools plus hospitals combined who needs health and education when you got jesus, 
  i do n't think he is allowed to give anything concrete . 
  it 's the prosecutors that should be going for it now . 
  we could just download roads, 
  the president of the parliament 's intelligence commission wants an investigation ( btw there 's the idea here that the intelligence commission is controlled by the services instead of the other way around ) the president himself was accused of being an undercover agent 4 years ago by ex president constantinescu and it 's also been often said that he collaborated with the communist services the justice minister is n't interested in this subject btw it 's about working undercover for the external information service btw who 's head just suddenly quit a week or two ago and runs for president . 
  the president also said that eis 's head ( same guy as above ) initiated the government ordinance ( the gov here often uses ords . ), 
  that extended protection of even the officers that do n't work with the services anymore and it was signed by the pm too . 
  / / his mission was to monitor carla del ponte who was un chief prosecutor for yugoslavia at the time ( 1997-2001 ) / / the pm has n't yet really denied this and has been evasive over this . 
  normally a prosecutor should start an investigation which would be blocked by parliament because he 's also a mp and they rarely allow lifting immunities . 
  the plan was to get strong energy contracts with the eu and then blackmail when needed also work on dividing them by cheaper gas to bigger countries to get their support ie look at germany, 
   in fact , i believe that china has greater interest in europe becoming a superpower than the us maybe yeah but pro beijing , not prous . 
  i think their initial interest to get ties with the west was just faking to buy time to strengthen and plan for what we see happening now, 
  the thing is russia is a problem for us with or without deveselu . 
  it can complain how much it wants which it would do anyway . 
  i do n't think we will see a different view on this in the long term . 
  btw , you are n't romanian , are you ? 
  if you do n't mean us then i do n't see why anybody else matters, 
  they do n't listen to him but they do listen to merkel who was against expansion ( new bases ) last summer there were talks about making new bases in eastern europe but there was disagreement ( merkel cares a lot about putler 's interests ) so all we got after the nato summit was that rapid reaction force these shields are something else and have been close to completion already does anybody remember who else was against this ? 
   people will be pissed that the base is there . 
  if you mean us then you 're very wrong, 
  do you know from who ? 
  is china the main investor ? 
  [ mici ] ( http://nicubunu.ro/pictures/photoblog/img_4680.jpg ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mititei, 
  hmm you add milk and raspberry jam in that cabbage thing ? 
  we make it without that it 's the same as the cabbage rolls but with shredding the cabbage instead of making rolls, 
  some kind of germans http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swabia, 
  yeah, 
   the pm distanced himself from the discussion . 
  only after a few days when it became obvious that their attack does n't work well both the spokesperson and the pm ( part italian ) pretend to be very family oriented ( also focusing a lot on being christian orthodox and romanian - iohannis is a local catholic schwab and playing this card is very important for them in these elections ) and they got a lot of criticisim because it 's far from true ( the spokesperson 's son failed all his bacalaureat exams - in language and literature he got 1.2 / 10 or something , 5 in the other 2 exams and the pm got a new wife soon after the son he had with the first one was born - he obviously cheated ) a complaint at the antidiscrimination court was made on the spokesperson 's name another piece of propaganda against iohannis coming from that spokesperson this week is that he was involved in a shady child adoption scheme with no details given, 
  so did putler get the nobel prize for peace yet ? 
  iirc they wanted to close down a gulag museum did it happen ? 
  yep mostly from dugin, 
   that 's the fault of our administration and the incapable current socialist government it was bad before the current one too , actually worse iirc . 
  i do n't really think he 's that rational . 
  this is overrated and suits propaganda , you know : do n't protest to replace putler or worse will come . 
  i mean this is just discouraging reformists . 
  his comment alone in op shows that he is far from being so smart . 
  how is having a missile shield here fucking us up ? 
  already happening that was what their recent banking crisis was about http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28033614, 
   what is the problem with ttip and ceta ? 
  i do n't really know and all this fearmongering on this subject really is n't helping . 
  there are very valid reasons to be wary of russia and for china i have n't seen any propaganda against it . 
  what do you think china would do if their nuclear company here would be investigated ? 
  i think it could be just like russia and lukoil . 
  haha yeah it 's why they are getting closer to the west in the first place, 
  just to show that lukoil being investigated disturbs them, 
   the idea of collective purchasing for jointly-negotiated energy contracts with russia has not been supported by the eu 's energy commissioner guenther oettinger who said , ` gas is a product , not a weapon ' . 
  link ? 
  how is it the alternative to ` completely depend ' on the us ? 
  there are plans for more than energy union there 's shale gas , nuclear , 3 pipelines going through greece that will supply the eu with ~ half it 's needs ( ask neutrolgreek for details ) . 
  there 's a lot we could do besides us lng and even if we could completely depend on them it would still be better ( or less bad ) than relying on russia, 
  hehe be happy it 's not russia doing it like in other eu countries, 
   usa is n't allowed allies . 
  and viceversa hurr durr puppets of the us, 
  the authorities here are ok with this people here in general like nato, 
   nato missile shield, 
   cernavoda the town 's name is derived from the slavic ( more precisely bulgarian ) \u010derna voda ( \u0447\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0430 \u0432\u043e\u0434\u0430 in cyrillic ) , meaning `` black water '' . 
  this name is regarded by some scholars as a calque of the earlier thracian name ax\u00edopa , from ie * n.ksei `` dark '' and up\u0101 `` water '' ( cf. 
  avestan ax\u0161a\u0113na `` dark '' and lithuanian \u00f9p\u0117 `` river , creek '' ), 
  i mean politically . 
  i wonder if they would try to blackmail somehow in the future . 
  now if only some of the bigger countries grew some balls too, 
  so that 's why germany is acting like it 's switzerland, 
   thank god we have none of these extremist ecologists here like in germany . 
  not yet but we kinda have them when it comes to shale gas it may be too late in the case of new reactors for them to have influence i 'm a bit worried about having china owning them . 
  idk how reliable it is and i 'd guess they are more or less like russia . 
  what a prick, 
  apparently lukoil will restart the refinery today ( so they are worried about being taken over ) the government said they do n't want to do that they 've ( lukoil * ) put it off as a threat because prosecutors are doing seizures ( some partially lifted after just 1 day . . iirc in the day when the pm criticised the prosecutors - or the day after ) both the high court and the general prosecutor have criticised lukoil for it 's comments the pm has reported to some foreign embassies the declarations of the president ( not sure why and we are in election campaign right now - the pm is one of candidates ) he sees them as attacks on the justice system ( in reality it 's the pm that has problems with it and the president is the one supporting it ), 
  kinda hard to pick i 'll go with iliescu, 
   and the balkans . . any balkan states in the eu should leave and others should never be allowed to join .
