  dunno details yet . 
  120 tonnes of gold ... :|, 
  lol, 
  well they wan na check to be sure, 
  change is bad because something worse will come 148 % certain, 
   how likely is it the majority of the russian population will point the finger at the west ? 
  depends what the media wants them to think, 
   the minister left romania because we trade little with russia for food . 
  they used to blackmail us too and so it was decided that there will be less and less focus on it . 
   v4 + romania have obvious similar strategic interests is v4 still relevant ? 
  you have poland who is critical of russia and then zeman and orban ... 
  reminds me of another article  europeans have awoken to discover that russia has been heavily involved in supporting right wing and euro-skeptic parties across the continent . 
  this effort has not been wasted ; 2014 saw these factions make record gains in national parliaments . 
  russia has tried to posture itself as the model of more traditional , conservative , european values . 
  it does not pose an existential threat to the eu , but it alters the meaning of eu expansion . 
  at this point , the more the eu expands , the less of a threat it is to russia . 
  many of the likely prospects for eu expansion are either traditional russian allies in the balkans , like serbia ; countries where pro-russian parties represent a significant portion of the legislature , like moldova ; or countries that are owned by russia outright , like montenegro . 
  georgia has walked quite far off the reformist path mikhail saakashvili put it on and turkey just hosted vladimir putin for a state visit that looked anything but on point with western attempts to make russia look isolated . 
   eurocrats have not considered the possibility that russia has headed them off at the pass . 
  this is the broader geopolitical contest with russia that europe may have already lost , because the countries on its future admission list are just as likely to become pro-russian voices in the vein of hungary than they are to be team players . 
  here germany 's leadership has consisted of little more than complaining about russia 's interference in the affairs of these states . 
  it would be better were russia to burn its political capital to keep them out of the eu . 
  the greater danger is if moscow happily sent them in , securing its influence , and steadily corrupting the eu from the inside . 
  instead of stopping to deal with this insurgency , and put its house in order , the eu boldly presses forward with blinders on . 
   unless it is a secret conspiracy to get usa to annex romania . 
  people would probably be ok with that lol, 
  sweden 's fault !, 
   how was he unpleasantly surprised if he had n't notice the mistake ? 
  yeah he actually held up the brochure to show it to the press, 
  why did the spokesguy get fired ? 
  the brochure was made by someone else, 
  there do n't seem to be problems, 
  well yeah it 's funny :d there 's a judge that recently got 22 years for bribery ( among bribe items were rugs ) we had an agriculture minister bribed with sausages another mp bribed with alcohol iirc ... then there are others in cases with hundreds of millions of euros in damages like the pm 's father-in-law, 
  he is part of a group that illegally sold animal products to russia ( there 's an embargo ) an ex french judge 's connections were used to find a turkish businessman that helped sell them in russia as ` made in turkey ', 
  the certain sailor ( ex president basescu ) : udrea , pls do n't rat me out !, 
   also , why did he become president if he could have become prime minister ? 
  he had one of the best chances in polls to beat the pm and the party ( or parties ) behind him made deals to promote someone else as pm if he won . 
  the pm 's group had and still has much power in parliament so he could n't have been changed . 
  btw in 2009 klaus was proposed by a majority as pm but president basescu rejected , then some mps betrayed and supported the basescu 's camp and so he named who he wanted , boc . 
  a few years ago he was proposed as minister in the pm 's gov but again there was rejection and from then his party went into opposition . 
  it 's funny how much the big crooks tried to block him from gaining power . 
   the only bit that was a bit disappointing was the naming of some people from within his party , but his party is just as corrupt as the others , so it 's not unexpected . 
  well he 's naming people he knows better but at least he 's not doing things like naming the relatives of the pm like the last one did ( pm 's godfather as head of the main intel service ), 
   and asked the judges to refrain from giving information to the press . 
  if you mean press leaks then it 's not the judges who do that, 
   even the `` socialist '' media has stopped criticizing the dna no it did n't now even more of the media is criticising the dna since they got to udrea, 
  context : state press agency made a brochure celebrating 130something years of relations ( same celebration with france this year so maybe there 's a connection ) and there was an obvious mistake in picking country shape, 
  that was just propaganda, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mineriad  official figures say that seven people were killed unofficially it 's over 100 dead some context : people protested against the new power , the authorities used agitators to cause trouble and pretend they are also protesters which was used by the authorities to justify a brutal intervention for which 10 thousand miners were callled . 
  the case was a few times closed and reopened first time being opened in 1998 iirc . 
  i was joking . 
   the court of auditors is the watchdog for the budget , checking that the money is being well spent and trying to give european citizens value for money . 
  so that 's the one reporting to local prosecutors that someone 's stealing funds ? 
  did putin really decorate these guys ? 
   obviously , every single one of these facts has been paraded against him by the opposition , with stupid claims such as `` he will sell the country to the germans '' or `` how can he lead a country if he does n't know how to raise a child ? '', 
  do n't forget that he is a child trafficker !, 
  what is that in euros ? 
  klaus isnt head of gov there 's theodor rosetti who probably was italian ( the current pm has italian ancestors too ) and maybe marghiloman since his name sounds german, 
   and how much do you think the eu and the us is spending to influence politics in russia ? 
  a lot less since it 's very difficult ie see this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_foreign_agent_law  more than anything it overshadows a real debate that needs to be had good luck having debate with putin 's and his chekists  i just think that eu foreign policy should reflect the interest of its citizens and achieve harmony with our neighbours . 
  harmony with the russian mafia ? 
  no thanks, 
   do n't you think you are overestimating putins powers ? 
  well ie his support for the euroskeptic parties is real and very important remember the loan to the fn ? 
  orban ? 
   i think he is only as powerful that we make him well yeah he 's not forcing politicians to take his support, 
  no but he 's making it worse, 
   i just do n't understand why putin would bother creating a propaganda platform with news networks when he could instead export russian culture to the world 2 because it would n't be enough ? 
  s. korea and japan do n't have problems as bad as russia . 
  there 's not enough tolstoy or w/e to cover for things like assassinating the opposition and the ` hidden ' war with the ukrainians . 
  deleted, 
  something similar here is fuck your mother ` s sun !, 
  we have that too, 
   a consultant to a man that openly supported europhobia and was banned from entering european union at one point . 
  some sources pls, 
   you can still be poor and neutral . 
  lol no u cant, 
  there 's just no way weak countries especially in this area can be ` on their own ', 
  i 've been following this issue for a while and it seems like politicians think plan a is to get moldova in the eu and then we have some kind of de facto reunification . 
  for a real one we 'd need money which we definitely wo n't have ( many many billions ) so unless there will be foreign economic ( politically there already is even for solving transnistria . . except for russia ofc ) support it just wo n't happen . 
  plan b is to reunify if they do n't join the eu so they join it through the back door basically but again there is the money problem and if they do n't join it then it means there is too much russian influence to block it so again plan b does n't work . 
   relies mostly on agriculture and wine export to russia it 's growing less and less dependant on that market since it blackmails a lot, 
   even just giving moldovans the choice of romanian citizenship it 's easy for them to get it half a million already have it and it 's estimated that ~ 40 % of them will in the next years, 
  afaik we do n't like that f word, 
  mainly because they went through much russification and so there are identity problems because it formed ` moldavian nationalism ' and repressed anything romanian . 
  ie lots of them still think they speak ` moldavian ' even though the language is exactly romanian, 
  rural romania meaning half the country btw, 
  recently we 've been having local politicians ( with big law trouble ) and the biased media promoting the idea that basically there is too much anticorruption this idea has now spread to the nyt i see i wonder if the writer was paid for it . 
  this is the same guy that was promoting a big firm 's gold mining interests ( remember rmgc protests from a couple years ago ) and was praising the pm who now has relatives investigated for stealing eu funds . 
  this article was quickly picked up by the local partisan media, 
   one of the hottest topics in romanian education these days is that students ( or their parents ) will have to file a written request to attend religion classes in schools until recently every kid took religion classes by default and you needed to make a request if you did n't want to the constitutional court decided that it should be the other way around and now the priests are very upset . 
  there 's also a media campaign supporting the priests ' view . 
  the church is losing influence and in recent years trust in it has been steadily dropping in polls ( it part because it was openly involved in supporting a candidate - the pm - in the presidentials back in november ), 
  the dumb ass got 3 years initially but made appeal and now got over 5 actually he got 2 convictions one of 4 and another of 3 but in our law the biggest one get 's picked to be done and it 's added a bonus  he party he founded , the popular party dan diaconescu , has seats in the parliament , but its mps decided to change the name of the parliamentary group to the democratic and popular group . 
  they had 68 and so many have changed party ( mps do n't lose mandate for doing so and it 's very common ) that they do n't even have parliament group anymore . 
  now the remaining wants try to ally pmp ( the party that was lead by another arrested presidential candidate , udrea )  diaconescu used his tv station otv to blackmail these people , it got it 's tv licence removed a year or two ago iirc . 
  it 's not unique that people like that use tv channels they own to blackmail . 
  there 's another case for one of the most popular media groups ( owned by an already jailed mogul ) about blackmail of a cable company . 
  for 3 weeks they often showed on all their channels little promos during commercials about ` revealing something big ' and nothing happened after prosecutors got to them . 
   presidential candidate btw he supported the pm in the 2nd round,
