  the authorities pretended that they can control the situation ( to not show incompetence ) but it is bullshit . 
  there are suspicions that authorities try to hide how serious the problem is . 
  there 's a suspicious group that keeps trying to impose themselves as leaders . 
  last night they also had a stage put up by someone else earlier . 
  they were booed . 
  in bucharest and other places some groups try to manipulate protesters and to a degree they succeed . 
  one of these agitators is a collaborator of the old communist secret police . 
  after the president 's meetings with parties and civil society members yesterday apparently the majority wants technocrat government and early elections . 
  edit 38 dead medics from helsinki and bergen come to help but not because officials asked , some random romanian from norway just made some calls . 
  protests continue and meanwhile senate rejected a bill that would promote transparency in state companies ( one btw is involved in the pm 's court case ) . 
  the day after the first protests , a mayor got caught taking bribe . 
  politically it becomes more and more like asia tho in time culture will align too, 
  for romanians i think it doesnt matter much how romania changes as long as the country they are in still does reasonably well ( and we have low standards ) if their current country has * big * problems then they can go to another nice country instead of romania there are some that naively think many will come back even if big changes are made . 
  it just wont be enough . 
   what i find it difficult to understand is why the protests are still ongoing . 
  i really think people like to protest now so that 's why . 
  there 's some buzz going on . 
  people do want some more people to quit btw like the ombudsman and to put pressure on how politicians negotiate now . 
   heavy burns there are many with inner burns and someone needs a new artifficial lung, 
   the primary reason for the protests , and for why the resignation was n't enough to quell the furor , can be summed up in one word : corruption . 
  this began with a nightclub fire no . 
  lots of older issues that just added up . 
  there were lots of problems with pm ponta ( plagiarism in his doctorate , indictment , indicted relatives one named at the account court , support of a controversial gold mine project , fake wealth statement , fake cv , way too many emergency ordinances , the diaspora vote at the presidentials , many corrupt ministers , lots and lots of lies * even * for no important reason , lots of other important issues ) 4th day of protests now, 
  itt conspiratards, 
  some may be well enough for that i dont think many will be moved , just some special ones . 
  there are also specialists moved here . 
  republican editor, 
  apparently production procedures werent respected explosion came from flour dust and ventilation wasnt the proper type for that flour or something like that, 
   there are too many patients with severe burns and not enough hospital beds with ventilation needed for these cases in the romanian hospitals . 
  meanwhile there 's a burns clinic that was equipped with new 9m euros worth of equipment that stays closed . 
  built by a firm close to the capital mayor ( he himself close to the health minister 's party ) who 's investigated for corruption . 
  it was actually opened 6 months ago by the minister but never actually functional . 
  there are foreign specialists here from uk , turkey , france and israel operating there were 2 spaniards burned but discharged . 
  doesnt seem serious with them, 
  psd is still in power interim is theirs too, 
   what reason do those people have to be there ? 
  they have n't been democratically elected in a formal election . 
  the constitution doesnt specify that the president can meet * only * with parties for the naming and he already met parties, 
  it 's still the same ` against corruption ' thing mainly i saw some wanting the ombudsman and head of the media regulator quit , unicameralism , technocrat government , electronic voting , snap elections , church taxes , more education money the usual . 
  i wonder if today too those 5th column type protesters came again . 
  there are opportunists trying to take over the protest movement . 
  some were asking for monarchy there are many small groups with their own wants so it 's hard to channel the protests better . 
  we 're still learning how to democracy . 
  well he is not indicted or sentenced or investigated so yes he is better but he 's an interim ( not someone really known or strong ) so he is kind of irrelevant the problem with him is helping the ex pm in his doctorate scandal but besides that . . nothing really big . 
  interim had to be someone from the government and the one the pm proposed was maybe worse . 
  hard to pick someone . 
  video here http://www.digisport.ro/sport/special/video+explozie+puternica+langa+stadion+in+timpul+meciului+fc+bra, 
  there 's a longer article on dailym@il but the bot doesnt let me post protests now again the 3rd day today anticorruption prosecutors check the patriarch for possible abuses in using official motorcades ( actually to check if it is for them to investigate . . there must be some conditions or it is for the ` normal ' prosecutors to do ) . . also a minister 's too and the general prosecutor 's a few hours later suddenly the patriarch asks forgiveness in a video the church posted on facebook ( problems with church reactions to the heavy metal music club fire event ) . 
  the apologises were poor too ` im sorry our words were misunderstood ' some kind of non apology apology, 
  if he didnt then there would be more complaining, 
  today anticorruption prosecutors check the patriarch for possible abuses in using official motorcades ( actually to check if it is for them to investigate . . there must be some conditions or it is for the ` normal ' prosecutors to do ) . . also a minister 's too and the general prosecutor 's a few hours later suddenly the patriarch asks forgiveness in a video the church posted on facebook ( problems with church reactions to the heavy metal music club fire event ) . 
  the apologises were poor too ` im sorry our words were misunderstood ', 
  the thing is it is only for them to investigate if they got some illegal gains so that is what they check otherwise it 's for the normal prosecutors which yesterday were checking minister oprea 's motorcade related to that cop 's death btw the anticorr prosecutors check the general prosecutor 's use of motorcades too, 
  he can pray to not go to jail now anticorruption prosecutors check if his official motorcades possible abuse is for them to investigate, 
   but so were the west , a private tabloid ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malaysia_airlines_flight_17#russian_media_coverage the russian government-funded [ 280 ] outlet rt initially said that the plane may have been shot down by ukraine in a failed attempt to assassinate vladimir putin , in a plot which was organised by ukraine 's `` western backers '' . 
  [ 281 ] [ 282 ] other theories propagated by russian media include : that the ukrainians shot down the plane in a botched attempt at mass murder of russian citizens or by mistake ( reported twice , in july [ 283 ] and in december [ 284 ] ) ; that ukrainian air traffic controllers purposefully redirected the flight to fly over the war zone ; and that the ukrainian government organised the attack on the plane to bring infamy upon the pro-russian rebels . 
  [ 285 ] according to the poll conducted by the levada center between 18 and 24 july 80 % of russians surveyed believed that the crash of mh17 was caused by the ukrainian military . 
  only 3 % of respondents to the poll blamed the disaster on pro-russian separatists in eastern ukraine . 
  [ 286 ] [ 287 ] [ 288 ] sara firth , a correspondent with rt , for which she had worked over the previous five years , resigned in protest at the channel 's coverage which she described as `` shockingly obvious misinformation '' . 
  [ 289 ] on 15 november , russia 's channel one reported on a supposedly leaked spy satellite photo which shows the plane being shot from behind by a ukrainian fighter jet . 
  [ 293 ] [ 294 ] many other russian media reprinted the photo . 
  the authenticity of the photo was quickly debunked by online commentators , using supporting evidence . 
  [ 295 ] the photo had been emailed to the vice-president of the russian union of engineers by a self-described aviation expert who had found it on a russian online forum . 
  [ 296 ] the aviation expert apologised to those `` unintentionally misled or disappointed '' for the use of the information stating that he `` had no knowledge or means of proving and researching if this was an authentic satellite photo or not '' and that he was unhappy that the `` informal attempt possibly became a source of yet another battle in a media war '' saying the members of the russian media organisation `` are either desperate or totally unprofessional '' . 
  did u even protest ? 
  hungary against russia lol, 
  he leaves temporarily 3 months to pray, 
  more like a bit less bad, 
  he is born in romania btw no bias with the magyar parties, 
  lol  journalist robert turcescu added that he found , by unknown sources , that authorities were ordered to distribute bodies between several hospitals in bucharest , that ` journalist ' has 0 credibility a year ago during the presidentials he said he 's an undercover intelligence agent and now he acts like normal very biased too, 
  so thats why the last one didnt really work, 
  it 's ok cuz they dont write them themselves, 
  saw images of one of the squares where it looks like 10k but there are others in other squares and going to parliament, 
  there 's reason to be pissed at him smurd ambulances arrived in 20 minutes according to witnesses and those injured at the club which is very late http://www.hotnews.ro/stiri-esential-20551627-cat-timp-ajuns-primele-echipaje-salvare-locul-tragediei-din-club-colectiv-declaratii-marturii-cotradictorii-martori-autoritati.htm talking about a club in the middle of the capital ffs, 
   people expect miracles here and now . 
  who exactly ? 
  it 's not a protest organised by some kind of group so to have few simple demands for you to understand lots of people just joined seeing something organised on social media . 
  those in power are very unpopular so it makes sense . 
  there 's criticism for the opposition too . 
  if you actually are interested in the protests you would find in the media pictures with the banners or some videos of chants and they ask ie for political change and fighting abuses and corruption . 
  these protests have been going on for maybe 3-4 hours today and the gendarmes arent giving official numbers, 
  guys i think we need more prisons, 
  orban should a raise a fence in case protesters move there if there isnt enough room here  ), 
  yeah and all the fun stuff happens in november/december for red colour parties in particular, 
  i think people are starting to like protesting i see many smiling clubs arent safe now to people go to public squares for fun ? 
  looks like fixed now or i read it wrong 50k all over is credible, 
  wtf digi says 50k . 
  must be an error . 
  maybe 50k all over the country . 
  i found a wiki page for the nightclub fire https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/colectiv_nightclub_fire the protest now tho is becoming more about bigger things , change of political class . 
  romania is aiming to raise spending, 
  right now it 's like . . against everything, 
  the protests are repeated right now, 
   sri is more like the cia the cia has foreign intel role sie is the one for that here you dont know what you are talking about really, 
  numbers are bullshit because the number is state secret, 
  even a pope did it, 
  there were lots of problems with pm ponta ( plagiarism , indicted , indicted relatives one named at the account court , support of a controversial gold mine project , fake wealth statement , fake cv , way too many emergency ordinances , the diaspora vote at the presidentials , many corrupt ministers , lots of other important issues ) it all added up it only happens that now he accepted to resign in his party there was also recent leadership change and the new president doesnt care about him much , this was a good chance to get rid of him ( ponta being the ex party president ) . 
  learn what orthodoxy is !, 
  you are a puppet too,
