  disappointingly the reactions of the pm and president have been in support of antena , very dubious . 
  the eu needs more trojan horses zeman fico orban etc arent enough we need nikolic in here too, 
  lmao its the price to pay for being slavic brothers i guess this reminds me of that post of us vs russian aid in serbia, 
  hmm lol must actually be a troll, 
  guns are expensive, 
  potato is love , potato is life . 
   10 years ago there were a lot of journalist murders , not so much in the last 5 years . 
  which is an improvement . 
  its simple its because there arent many opposers left to kill , the regime 's grip on power has become stronger . 
   and the country must be defended against it . 
  and only by certain people, 
  we experienced much of this too a few years ago but we managed to recover quick, 
   ceausescu was not a puppet of russia btw yeah his replacement was, 
  i didnt know brussels is the one funding the radicals til, 
   `` we will join you in other ways to stem this tide because of the potential of its damage to the fabric of a united europe '' meaning the us is worried about populists taking power, 
  and you know that how ? 
  got the lottery numbers too ? 
  from where do people get this idea ? 
   acc 2 the russian gov yeah im not gon na put any trust in that, 
  russsia loves to scare people with world war and nukes when it wants something, 
  also a few days ago the general prosecutor got indicted http://news.trust.org/item/20160209162325-n2ekz/  `` the tax authority is one of the most important institutions in romania and its managers must be above suspicion , '' dragu said in a statement . 
  btw this tax agency recovers only like 1 % of damages set by courts after trials of crooks, 
  how is iliescu still running the country ? 
  crimea river, 
  haha it upsets you that i like that, 
  indicted in october hope he doesnt die before the sentencing :d, 
  good, 
  he doesnt need to care cuz elections are 1round and his big party will get lots of votes, 
  late but should happen anyway i kinda wonder if he will actually do any time but i dont really care btw there are more like him being investigated or soon will be, 
  looks like wikileaks has an antiwestern bias, 
  i think the bigger states with russian interests were worried that if the east had a proper say they could affect it in a way they didnt like . 
   entire minsk agreement is a result of eu leaders spineless stance btw france and germany made the minsk deals . 
  the eu didnt actually play a role . 
  i wonder why . 
  so will this be a putin friendly one like v4 turned out to be or the opposite ? 
  guessing the opposite , depending on members . 
  k ive read it and there 's a section on the atlantic council so maybe not like v4, 
  til there are only 4 ` major economists ', 
  corruption was already there, 
  it 's easy to be popular when you have the enemy to blame everything on, 
   due to letting ussr disintegrate he as perceived as weak yeah thats why supporters of russian imperialism and putin dont like him, 
  btw does rt still use this neonazi as analyst in their shows ? 
  industry weakened much too since then so we had lower needs, 
  we dont have this thing here, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corsican_mafia http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/01/14/corsica-organized-crime_n_2472278.html i doubt its the mafia that is the one disturbed by muslims there tho, 
  1 in ireland i think, 
  no no it must be a conspiracy, 
  btw iirc rt had a link on their site to stratfor some time ago . . ? 
  it 's just hard to do that when putin has like 80 % support, 
   there are nurses and even doctors telling mothers not to vaccinate their kids same here, 
  does ukraine have this stupid antivaxxer thing there too ? 
   a corporate shareholder in akta , one of romania 's largest isps , is facing criminal charges of fraud and mismanagement of public funds . 
  never heard of it, 
  cristiana anghel ( from liberal alde party lol ) one of that kind of mps that says lots of stupid stuff often, 
  one of our very special mps said shes against this law cuz hitler did it too, 
  . . in no way, 
  he probably means stuff like him intervening to protect lukoil when it got investigated, 
  prosecutors attack that too but there 's no way they can actually affect it much directly , it 's just impossible and up to ordinary people to actually change that much . 
  very misleading obviously she got fined for having the pepperspray , not for using it . 
  that was illegal . 
  great job rt, 
  good, 
  so is this about respecting a guest or bending over to someone with money ? 
  seems to have had backing of sarkozy too, 
  the nazis too had plenty of leftwing policies, 
   750 million euro of investment in border security which went to the german eads company isnt that investigated by prosecutors in munich now ? 
  havent heard about it anything for a while, 
   there 's this tendency in europe ( at least from my experience in france , and in the rest of europe if international news are to be believed ) to think of ourselves as worthless , decadent . 
  maybe those should read less rt, 
   only if nato was disbanded , in which case germany would build up a massive defensive force what if vestehrers just make some deals with putin instead, 
  france and uk ? 
  maybe not ` good ' but relative to the rest yes, 
  he could always ask his buddy putin for a favor, 
  its funny how you dont see these reactions when states deal with iran which is not much different from saudis, 
  im guessing podemos is really pissed by this and same for their iranian backers, 
  or to the same degree, 
   undrea - ? 
  undrea or andrea apparently has something to do with st andrew, 
   no matter what he will be looked as a good leader in history books in the kremlin approved books, 
  yep this kind of countries are buying political and diplomatic support with this kind of moves, 
  tiny mars lol, 
  slava putin !, 
  investigated in 3 cases now iirc, 
  we had the customs guys phase too but like 5 years ago, 
  topkek and a year or so ago the chief antimafia prosecutor got busted too, 
  im not at all far left, 
  i think he is romanian . 
  its weird how butthurt expats can be, 
  r/conspiracy leaking, 
  i dont think there is much to decentralise, 
  i wonder how many bullshit stories of that kind get posted on reddit, 
  i notice redditors pretend this has nothing to do with the growing far right of course im buried in downvotes, 
  i dont watch anything dubbed it sucks, 
  one staying at home makes ops vote win tho, 
  women team is kinda popular, 
  wtf, 
  and would have to deal with much more russian influence, 
  maybe their traffickers told them to expect things like that, 
   he was an anti-corruption operative putin 's cheerleaders understand anticorruption as threat to national security, 
  totally,
