  til pms and ministers , oligarchs , the richest people geting jailed are not big fish . 
  wtf . 
  they left after they mined the resources they were after, 
  does this record home made wine too ? 
  they go hand in hand politicians pay the church and during the campaign the priest tells people who to vote with, 
  btw lol i had a girl in high school who could not point russia on a very big map which had country names on it too, 
  gulag summer camps organised by nashi, 
  it 's not uncommon for some people , friends , to curse each other very meanly but somehow without bad intent :d just some kind of joking, 
  maybe bulgaria or serbia but i think we are closer to some countries further away than the neighbours, 
   monasteries cathedrals you infidel, 
   france not with a sarkozy or le pen president, 
   born from european nationalism it 's just a coincidence that russia supports rightwingers all across europe, 
  but raping and pillaging is cool, 
  moldova obviously, 
  so it has to do with the 3rd rome bullshit ? 
  you have turbofolk there too ? 
  my new desktop wallpaper there, 
  :d dont tell me u get that crap there, 
   and gained nothing putin gained more power domestically ? 
  maybe he means directly voted, 
  so we all put money together to collect 100 and then give it to you ? 
  you didnt say 100 from each :d, 
  for now it 's just proposed . . like the title says still very stupid, 
  didnt the deals get signed under him ? 
  how is sarkozy reacting ? 
  greece 's, 
  fascist, 
  good cop bad cop ? 
  putin seems to be popular only on the internet in comments sections, 
  is fox news propaganda tovarish there is no western decadent ( \u0445\u0430-\u0445\u0430 oxymoron ) disease in holy motherland , christendom protector . 
  lol united church of snowden :d yeah there really is a cult for him there should be a church of varoufakis too, 
   greece was able to function for many years without going bankrupt before joining the euro . 
  for how long ? 
  a few decades ? 
  lol http://greece.greekreporter.com/2014/01/26/born-in-debt-greeces-history-of-borrowing/ http://www.investopedia.com/financial-edge/0911/the-history-of-greek-sovereign-debt-defaults.aspx http://www.vice.com/read/the-history-of-greek-debt-and-bankruptcy-8876, 
   and will spend the winter in dubai i ca n't wait to see reactions there to ` iran is great ', 
  how kewl, 
   it definitely belongs to them more than the moldovans and wallachians who were brought here by ceausescu that 's for sure . 
  lolwut magyars were a minority there even long before communism, 
  it 's all innocent, 
  so many 13 year olds cringe, 
  there are some who are very butthurt when it comes to the diaspora in general , those who left the country . 
  most of the downvotes there are probably from romanians there is a poll done last year showing 78 % of romanians think they dont know the truth about the december 1989 events and there are lots of dubious things, 
  protect him ? 
  he already has some law problems himself and his relatives too patience young padawan . 
  if there is enough truth to that then maybe those indicted lukoil directors will rat on him . 
   watch your downvotes pile up each time you say something negative in / r/europe about his arrogant ignorant highness our king varoufakis . 
  and yet some still complain about the antigreek circlejerk when it 's obvious that the general bias is the other way around, 
  germany paid and the money went into the secret police 's accounts we sold lots of jews too, 
  i guess they go to court to decide owner, 
  cheap , familiar place for retirement ? 
  if they are richer ( which is likely ) then they may have some money for some small businesses or do you think they will come here to steal our benefits ? 
   most news even remotely related to iohannis are about how his wife dresses . 
  stop reading tabloids then, 
  just not accepting some of the very bad law changes parliament is considering regarding justice would be great even though he can only block once, 
  so if anybody says something should happen then that makes them a fascist are you an anarchist then ? 
   the germans ran away when communism killed millions you mean the 250 thousands sold by ceausescu ? 
  but what if they consider breaking their monopoly as russophobia ? 
  it was doing great things years before this a few months is a long time :| that was like 10 months ago ffs, 
   because / r/europe has a boner for him it 's usually the same few users who post threads about him, 
  it says a lot about zeman if he cares so much about a tabloid, 
  ofc it is we had a cia coup here while everybody paid attention to the kiev junta sneaky sneaky, 
   by the way , do you think it has anything to do with the presidency of klaus iohannis ? 
  not by much since he does n't have much power but the other candidate is against prosecutors so . . it matters a bit, 
  didnt it get any mining deals in return when they got into power ? 
  or for other resources, 
  meanwhile you post from rt oh how enlightened you are to see through propaganda, 
  like who ? 
  i know mine was bled dry by the soviets, 
   yeah , let 's starve the shit out the poorest instead russia is the one bringing agriculture trade bans . 
  it 's funny how you ignore key self imposed restrictions . 
  maybe they should chase the club chiefs then, 
   besides , most russians are even dumber than most americans , easy to manipulate . 
  tho tbf in russia there 's a lot stronger propaganda, 
  no beating for this guy like with the dutch diplomat ? 
  unless i dunno something happens in the next 5 years or so that 's the window in which russia will still have much power, 
  people like maps here, 
  well the far right are their allies so it makes sense, 
  oh the putinist trolls defending neonazis ? 
  what troll army ? 
  what did it have to do with that ? 
  why is it called iceland if it is so green, 
   but its strongly forbidden under reddit . 
  it doesnt look like that, 
  yeah i found that weird too all he does is post from the same site and almost no comments there are lots of accounts like this on reddit are they just karmawhores or what ? 
  prince charles ' foundation teaches some, 
  yeah when the sultan just dies, 
  another new account with it 's first and only post being stop ttip ... http://imgur.com/a/j2dpr is this shilling ? 
  a very corrupt and rich one lead by collaborators of the communist secret police, 
  most of the media there has a bias for russia so thats not really relevant, 
  it backed ponta ( who in campaign played the true romanian orthodox family guy ard to contrast with childless protestant german ) but the patriarch went to vote late when it was obvious klaus will win and said something in support of minorities ( the rat abandoned ship ), 
  theres a video where they specify ponta and also in the leaflets, 
  they tell people in church who to vote for . . top tier priests , not just village ones . 
  ie there was one filmed at the last presidentials telling people to vote with orthodox ponta and present were socialdem politicians . 
  same thing happened in paris . 
  also leaflets spread at monasteries for that the church gets lots of money and other great benefits, 
  yeah the government keeps throwing lots of money at the church ( elections next year which the priests are active in ), 
  presidents have little power there, 
  how was different from how the spd dealed with it ? 
  especially recently and during their referendum,
