  there are also liberals but they are repressed, 
  good for who ? 
  i doubt most politicians in moscow would like that . 
  many usual folk too . 
  this affects us only a little no warning or explanation their ambassador just said a few mins ago that a nato base here would be a threat towards russia ... so the timing makes me think this is the reason we already have 2 btw -9 % tomorrow ca n't gazprom be sued over this ? 
   russia has an image to maintain what image ? 
   i highly doubt that he personally oversees every single operation that these agencies are engaged with . 
  he does n't . 
  his fellow chekists do it for him and keep in touch . 
  there 's a pyramid structure like in all states for that . 
  does n't the president name the chiefs in these structures ? 
  i ca n't believe there are dissenters in such services that think doing something like this would ... do what actually ? 
  i do n't think they are that stupid . 
  months ? 
  their deny deny deny policy was common even in communism, 
  do n't forget some lube !, 
  -  / r/conspiracy this way oh you are already a poster there i 'm not surprised funny how russia defenders are also conspirationists russia is n't in the wrong at all . 
  it 's just a plot by the reptilian zionists that want to bring ww3 , right ? 
  we sheeple just ca n't figure it out :( show us the light !, 
  but it actually is changing sides towards russia . 
  and some of those are probably actually russified estonians http://www.topix.com/forum/world/russia/tg7gurj5q6tjen136 it happened in other eastern countries too, 
  yeah pretty much this then they will be relocated again further west and the plan will be repeated, 
   with this level of global coverage there is n't a chance he 'll try . 
  maybe next august then . 
  though the fsb may count as ` criminal element '  ), 
  that is straight kremlin propaganda . 
  it is their bullshit that argues like that . 
  it is just to discourage any revolt . 
  `` do not mess with us or ** worse will come for sure ** '', 
   this `` great person '' business needs to stop . 
  putin is not personally pushing the buttons on every single operation taking place . 
  there 's a lot of local and regional bureaus , commanders and jurisdiction that could ( and regularly do ) conduct operations without prior consultation . 
  in a country so close to a dictatorship i doubt there are any that go rogue like that . 
  especially in something so important like this , right now . 
  also , there 's a whole cult of personality there . 
   while you can hold putin responsible , calling him a `` mad man '' is damn well nothing short of ignorant and intellectually dishonest . 
  he 's clever as fuck , evidenced by the fact russia is still a key player in eurasia and that he 's still in power . 
  yeah . 
  fucking up other countries is genius , not mad . 
  great strategy this . 
  i am in total awe . 
  meanwhile recking russia too . 
  all is carefully calculated risk , i 'm sure . 
  a mastermind he is . 
  in that case we should hear some news about some punishments ? 
  i doubt someone in such special institutions ( ? ), 
  like the fsb would dare upset him with mistakes like that i 'm sure such a chekist like him has great control over at least the fsb . 
   but the simplicity of russia = putin is a bit silly in my opinion . 
  it is n't in a dictatorship like russia, 
  isolate russia but there is n't enough interest in this look at germany . 
  merkel still thinks relations with russia can be normalised . 
  no wonder she 's the most important politician in putin 's mind . 
  she does n't really want to give up support for him . 
  and that they are forcing russia into ww3, 
  the defenders of christendom !, 
  hey they can find plenty in hungary if they want to get some http://20committee.com/2014/05/02/rising-russian-intelligence-activity-in-hungary/ http://hungarianspectrum.wordpress.com/2014/05/16/a-russian-spy-allegedly-found-in-jobbiks-european-parliamentary-delegation/, 
  that 's their problem it will probably go back to normal soon and maybe cut more again when winter comes btw gazprom profits are down 41 % in 1stq compared to last year 's, 
  they kinda do it anyway http://en.ria.ru/world/20140910/192812406/russias-gazprom-denies-reducing-gas-supplies-to-poland.html, 
  some politicians are proputin especially the rightwingers . . some probably bribed by moscow others are too strongly linked economically and maybe even have serious economic problems in their own countries so they have little interest in having conflict the ones who really see him as a serious threat and are at least vocal are in minority but they do n't really have much power ( easterners ), 
  so they do n't deny it anymore ? 
  they will call a babushka to come sodomise you, 
  people eat deep fried mars bars ? 
  this is a thing ? 
   , said that the recruited citizens took part in trainings abroad to learn how to undertake actions of destabilizing . 
  i bet it was in serbia a moldovan ex security chief there said months ago that there are agitators being trained there, 
  link ? 
  are they saying this f word though ? 
  what a nutjob, 
  they matter at least until it 's actually built, 
  yeah e.on reported problems too, 
  is the government talking about federalising ? 
  i 'm guessing the fsb killed him because the conflict is over ( or goin to soon ) so they no longer needed him and fear that he may say something they would n't like . 
  ie eventually giving more proof on russia 's military intervention, 
  by sources i meant what and from where is it imported per country this does n't show this, 
  i wan na see that with sources of each and per country, 
  they also forgot about the communist gulags too ( not just in russia ), 
  we could have gotten that but we are biased towards moldova, 
  what does renzi think about these guys ? 
  nothing really abnormal . 
  i was expecting bias in this article and i 'm surprised . 
  hmm cant find the link for that but there is this http://www.oilandgastechnology.net/upstream-news/algeria-proposes-joint-venture-gazprom-lukoil i guess if eu wants more gas from algeria they would have to get it partly from gazprom again longer article http://oilprice.com/energy/natural-gas/gazproms-next-acquisition-algeria.html, 
  maybe russia has politicians in these countries bribed so they do n't get any ideas i mean we know there were top rank politicians working in russia 's interest ie schroder, 
   the thought of ukraine or georgia as nato members constitutes a horror scenario for most european states this sounds like i 'm reading rt, 
  wtf, 
  iirc i 've read that russia is buying shares of algerian energy companies . 
  sounds like you should move there . 
  i bet poland does n't have that and likely wo n't if it does n't go back in russia 's shadow . 
  actually what is having western cars and tvs supposed to prove ? 
  and people have jobs everywhere do you mean they have low unemployment ? 
  what makes you think their data is reliable ? 
  lol, 
  it 's the lesser evil would you rather have poland be like belarus ? 
  that is the alternative, 
  yeah they ca n't do much to us with this method i wonder what they have planned . 
  i 'm glad we have little trade with them in general not just for energy . 
  how much we last in being against russia depends on the west . 
  that is surely a coincidence / s, 
  the rest of europe is n't close enough italy has some interest for other sources http://www.euractiv.com/sections/energy/italy-looks-mediterranean-alternatives-russian-gas-301937 this takes time though which means putler has at least until near the end of this decade to do w/e he wants, 
   the soviet union had major connections with peace movements all over the world during its time . 
  yep http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_influence_on_the_peace_movement,
