  literally, 
  yeah im surprised too i expected something much different from republicans, 
  its bad news for eastern europeans if trump wins, 
  good job the christian identity was protected, 
  does euractiv often have misleading titles like this ? 
  for now, 
   its not ok to send people back in a country that is in a civil war with the chance of becoming the start of world war 3 . why do people keep promoting this ww3 scare ? 
  its not gon na happen, 
   small corruption should be prosecuted by diicot i think . 
  by the normal prosecutors which they do sometimes, 
  the old muslim one in romania is peaceful too, 
  forgot dark skinned people, 
  love this, 
  i like 8, 
  pros : the internet cons : everything else, 
  buried in downvotes and no negative comment, 
  more than 20 years ago . . russia did change since then, 
  interesting red-brown group, 
   1878 - russia lobbies against the hearing of the bulgarian point of view following the 1877-1878 war between russia and the ottoman empire . 
  also , this war was not an act of kindness - bulgaria paid russia for its troubles . 
  hmm so u too got screwed over after that war here they threatened with their army to make us give them territory, 
  more numbers here http://www.romania-insider.com/romanias-anticorruption-prosecutors-investigate-eur-431-mln-bribes-in-a-year/165794/, 
   i do n't get why he propagates it . 
  maybe it sells well to his electorate we had a similar president too until a year or so ago same drunk shit talker and his fans like that, 
   the worst crime of the bloody regime is definitely the removing of logic lessons from schools . 
  that happened ? 
  latinmasterrace, 
  at least in the eastern flank which is the more important side atm, 
  he 's not a journalist, 
  interesting idea, 
  yay illiberalism, 
   the czech leadership is in russia 's pocket is much of the media in czechia on russia 's side too ? 
  or just playing to interests common with them, 
  ops sources are often very weird, 
  you implying the far right brings freedom or what ? 
   neither macedonia , serbia nor croatia are part of schengen . 
  yeah look at greece who has no neighbours in schengen, 
  oh noes he speaks german, 
  wtf, 
   disbanded army/bath party created isis backed by iran, 
  it 's a line i often hear from trump supporters that the other guys will bring ww3, 
  yeah because anybody but trump will bring ww3 / s its funny how trump fans use this fearmongering, 
  wow 2000 comments some people were very triggered by this article butthurt rightwingers, 
  i think trump is bad for any eastern european worried about russia, 
  they went through yeltsin and the 90s yet not even at their weakest were they invaded by the west the paranoia does not make sense, 
  well if friedman says so then it must be so, 
  dont they have some sort of agreement for that stuff ? 
  those 2 have good relations, 
  its funny how you come up on all russia threads doing damage control, 
  yep, 
  its just a coincidence that european far right leaders meet in russia with the kremlin politicians, 
   russia is a natural ally to most european states except the ones that actually neighbour it as centuries old history shows, 
  yeah did they even try to get loans from other banks first ? 
  russia must be giving some very preferential conditions, 
  same thing since they support russia, 
  we had 24 ministers in 2012 http://www.realitatea.net/romania-pe-locul-trei-in-ue-dupa-numarul-de-ministri-din-guvernul-ponta_1076839.html plus 2/3 vicepms with minister portfolio and the pm, 
   natives romas have been in europe for centuries, 
   as far as i remember lech walesa was leader of solidarity , which defeated communist regime . 
  part of the controlled demolition of the old regime which is why in many ex commieland countries you still had top commie officials in key positions after the ` revolution ', 
  and 3/4 dont, 
  france and germany were very keen to protect the annexation thus they ignored the issue in the minsk deal another failure by france in particular after the georgia episode, 
  i wonder if sarkozy was aware of how his adventure in libya will help putins energy interests, 
  so renzi continues berlusconi 's policy ? 
  for qatar the pipe needs to go through syris iirc which is unlikely to happen . 
  assad wont accept and its why putin backs his group . 
  it would be mastery if then they win the game but it was a failure lol, 
  proven by ? 
  poland seems to be fine with hungary 's stance on russia, 
  also taunting so then they can play the victim like it was with turkey, 
  they are based in the spiritual virtues , not like decadent materialistic west . 
  they dont need no cia technology, 
  some kind of control and verification mechanism from the eu, 
  also today our glorious parliament voted against lifting immunity of an mp wanted by prosecutors ( possibly a 2nd one later today too -- nvm this 2nd one a friend of his gets arrested ) - lol @ juncker and the eu thinking cvm can be lifted they were embezzling eu money on the other side though there 's a 2nd case opened for an ex minister, 
  there are countries with barely any muslims yet they go all mad about them, 
   trump 's general position on foreign affairs is that other countries are taking advantage of us , and he would put a stop to it . 
  he has said that countries should pay america for protection . 
  yes that will work out well . 
  no wonder he has putin 's support, 
  a nazi is running the european ussr ? 
   in the last democratic debate , he said that the us should increase our commitment to eastern europe 's security because of the threat from russia . 
  is bernie 's stance on eastern europe same with trumps ? 
  trump seems more appeasing somehow, 
  hmmm no wonder russia has much influence in paris when you have so corrupt politicians, 
   it 's simply glorious that this sub got rt outright banned liar i can see this new post ie https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/464ao9/no_incidents_just_professionalism_as_russian_jets/, 
  id kinda rather it dont get lifted maybe extend it on others instead, 
  i bet you wouldnt be thinking the same if it was the us instead of russia, 
  tldr antena tv is owned by this guy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dan_voiculescu a very corrupt media mogul , very dubious guy with very suspicious background . 
  his media is very toxic , more than even russian one . 
  he went to prison like 3 years ago and somehow the tax agency still hasnt seized those hqs . 
  they are wanted for seizure because he used stolen money ( out of fraud to the state 60 million euros for which he got the sentence of 10 years ) to buy those hqs . 
  the tax agency recovered only 1 % of the damages ( an apartment and a villa ) . 
  btw this has nothing to do with their running licence . 
  also his son-in-law ( director there ) and his daughter are investigated for using the channel for blackmailing ( very obvious one ) a cable company . 
  antena was supposed to find a new hq since august . 
  they were notified since then . 
  it 's already kinda known in which hq they will move . 
  now they anyway act a lot like victims , lots of bs . 
  quite a media circus . 
  atm some crooks in parliament leading with the senate speaker are trying to pressure the pm to help antena . 
  some old people might protest .
