  depends on how the kremlin whackos interprets threat to the state 's existence keep in mind state = the kleptocracy in charge a threat to their interests equals to a threat to the state, 
  they could do much damage in moldova i suspect but that 's about it and . . our president said he will protect moldova 's territorial integrity which is a really big thing since moldova is n't in nato . 
  chisinau wants transnistria problem solved too, 
   because nato missile defense system evolved from a defensive to an offensive system , source ? 
  afaik the interceptor uses only cinetic energy to strike rockets , no load of explosives or nukes . 
   what will prevent west to strike nuclear rocket on russia ? 
  why would it happen in the first place ? 
  does putler plan something ? 
   russia better tone down on the nuclear rhetoric the nuke bluff is all it has, 
  so . . do n't do anything about you defense wise or we will attack you . . because ? 
  we plan to invade you too or what ? 
  who 's attacking russia ? 
  download the demo and check for yourself, 
  he is sultan for life, 
  our expresident basescu ( the guy who got replaced back in november ) had 58 criminal cases on his name and immunity saved his ass now he 's investigated for blackmail, 
  yeah this does n't seem credible, 
   dacia , an ancient empire empire ? 
  kingdom afaik  the dacian coins are all freshly minted . 
  even the heavy gold bracelets , now under glass at the national history museum of romania , show no sign that they were ever worn . 
  `` that does n't happen in real life , '' says deppert-lippitz . 
  `` they were manufactured just to put in the ground . '', 
  maybe they thought a gold tree would grow then :d  based on the pristine condition of so many dacian coins and artifacts , deppert-lippitz argues that the dacians had no concept of money . 
  instead , the gold objects were religious tokens , intended solely for sacrifice . 
  `` gold was holy , '' she says . 
  `` it belonged to the gods , or spirits . '', 
  hmm wtf, 
  we are 14th i think in fifa 's ranking and i think we 've lost only one game last year . . with the national team at club level things are very bad . 
  little investment , lots of stealing and investigations . 
  there are a couple of clubs with really good academies but otherwise things look bad for the future . . unless the federation keeps an eye on the kids of the many expats ( since those get better coaching and everything ) for which it implemented some kind of monitoring system/data base . 
  we really suck at youth level , often losing in really embarrassing ways . 
  hezbollah still remains on the state department 's list of terror groups http://www.state.gov/j/ct/rls/other/des/123085.htm and iran remains on the state department 's list of nations that sponsor terrorism . 
  http://www.state.gov/j/ct/list/c14151.htm apparently all this is an assessment showing that the us thinks it 's unlikely that in 2015 they will be attacked by hezbollah and iran the change was announced on the 15th, 
  first it was cs later wow now i 'm hooked on fm, 
  these paradox games are great but for me too difficult to learn to play which is . . disappointing :(, 
  not that far . . just to eurasia, 
  makes sense can you imagine a putinist alliance between the 2 ? 
  an eu lead by putinism ? 
  actually things are n't so great between the saudis and the us anymore . . in part because the us seems to want iran to open up and the saudis really really do n't like that . 
  how come we rank in the middle , above eu average , then ? 
  we rank surprisingly high, 
  it 's obviously just bullshit the guy is caught lieing very , very often . 
  he 's very manipulative and has most of the media on his side . 
  ie in the presidential campaign in which he was the main candidate he said klaus ( the current president ) will cut pensions ( the president does n't have executive power ) and put that in leaflets that his party distributed in many places there are people that are very sensible and easy to manipulate ( poor ) that buy things like that, 
  i suppose lots of them are brainwashed by part of the media ( most ? ), 
  into thinking that they are some kind of enemies . 
  yeah but sanctions amplified them they would still have big problems without them, 
  what stupid thinking ukrainians are orthodox too ( you know what happens there ) so are georgians ( s. ossetia and abkhazia wars ) so are moldovans ( transnistria ) and the great orthodox brother does n't see any problem in screwing up another, 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/09/03/global-opinion-of-russia-mixed/ greece is the one country in europe where warmer views of russia prevail ( 63 % favorable vs. 33 % unfavorable ) the economic problems probably made them more antiwestern so in reaction they lean more towards russia but there are other strong factors too, 
  and the ukraine crisis is their fault, 
  vlach magic  ), 
   no more room for doubt . 
  you are challenging the conspiratards, 
  competition for the imf , wb and adb . . that 's got ta be a good thing . . maybe it will lead to some reforms ? 
   several experts pointed out that the united states had long urged china to take a stronger leadership role in global affairs but then had raised objections when beijing did just that . 
  lol :d, 
  maybe they were n't bribed enough, 
   ukrainian civil war is it a civil war when russian troops invade ? 
  yeah and the russia apologists are such wise men, 
  i did n't say i want people sent to war . 
  i 'm for giving a lot more military support except for troops . 
  how reliable is dym mr and is there an english article ? 
   warmongers yes yes the peaceful russian bear is disturbed by the gay fascists and thus needs to attack the neighbours . 
  appeasement is needed and it will work . 
  148 % sure . 
  if we get to annex them, 
  any progress in the eads/airbus case ? 
  yes but meanwhile theres a revenue gap that needs to be covered . 
  the gov.s new tax plan leaves a gap of 5 b euros . 
  the new secret service boss actually said corruption is a big problem and was visited by the fbi boss . 
  our sercice gives technical support for prosecutors wiretaps . . btw the big microsoft case with lots of ministers in it came from the fbi . 
  i think a big crook that moved there years ago ratted out . 
  yes and there are some aromanians that need to be protected from fascism . . 
  we are very homogenous, 
  i really hope nothing goes wrong with this . 
  yeah like last year when the antimafia chief ( elena bica ) got caught her too in a similar case as part of this retrocessions commission out of 9 members of the commission ( including this georgescu from op ) 7 are investigated there are probably hundreds of millions of euros in damages in these dubious retrocessions . . 75m euros in georgescu 's case and in bica 's case 60m . 
  500 retrocession cases are being checked . 
   that 's a good thing , politicians are now scared to do anything shady and very reluctant to complete any public-private partnerships . 
  yes it 's why the socialdem pm now wants to get taxes like vat down there 's money that wo n't be spent so might as well use it to lower taxes and it will hurt the liberals in opposition too, 
  it 's not sudden it 's been going on for at least 2 or 3 years i suppose the main reason is that there was much foreign pressure ( mainly from the eu and also from the us ) and just enough local political support . 
  i think the politicians did n't think it can be so bad for them and it kinda is n't since most of them get to do only a couple years of prison and the tax agency is doing little to recover damages . 
  btw it was cocos from the microsoft case that denounced this integrity chief, 
  and the justice minister wants 1 billion euros for building new prisons and the police arrest in the capital is geting extended since it is now too crowded, 
  european tourists dead, 
  and last year he had it tripled, 
  it 's a different one and a smaller one it 's mainly focused on checking wealth statements and incompability situations of officials, 
  those who took power after 1989 were n't interested in making proper reforms ie for a long part of the 90s things looked like we would turn into something like china , belarus or russia . 
  iirc one prowestern and reformist government was even taken down after a mineriad . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/september_1991_mineriad that is kind of like a coup ( besides the revolution itself that also looks like a coup ) . . add to that that there was no lustration so the old rotten guys that ruled under ceausescu got to take over and become stronger than they could have ever imagined . 
  you do n't get to rebuild a country properly when the old regime is alive and killing the opposition like it was with the mineriads so a good part of a decade was wasted . 
  in the late 90s there was some progress but it was halted in the early 2000s ( convicted ex pm nastase made the anticorruption agency at the request of either the eu or nato but he made it weak on purpose ) and things started geting back on a good track only after 2005 but very slowly . 
  we 're good at missing great opportunities like we did after '89, 
  i kinda doubt it, 
   mr georgescu 's arrest follows in the wake of the resignation on sunday night of the darius valcov , the romanian finance minister . 
  prosecutors have accused mr valcov of accepting # 1.4 million in bribes when he was a town mayor , allegations which he denies . 
  he 's given his resignation but still works as a minister . 
  it 's not really official yet . 
  he quit after prosecutors accused him but actually it did n't go through all the procedures and is still actually minister so it was just a trick ( the pm does n't want the finance ministry position unoccupied because ` wages and pensions wo n't be paid anymore ' and he ca n't find another crook yet brave enough to replace him ' a kamikaze ' ) . 
  another excuse is that he has to keep working on the new tax code which may take another week which is another bs reason because he is n't really such a great expert to still be needed . 
  screw you i make my own balkans, 
  one part of it is enough and from an ethnocultural point of view it is very balkanic,
