  the public would n't understand . '', 
  ca n't putin 's media spin it somehow ? 
  this reminds me of our socialdems , they do n't like the diaspora voters either . 
  well , it 's actually the other way around :d, 
  those people are n't likely to vote for orban , right ? 
  i really think they just like this kind of politicians . 
  you exagerate :\\, 
   just rhetoric and what if you 're wrong ? 
  nice here is mine http://imgur.com/a/sighl i tried to find a putingifs sub but there isnt one and i find that surprising :d, 
  got any more with putin ? 
  [ do not read this ] would work much better, 
  you can find a link in one of my posts in that weekly news thread happened a couple months ago i think and i cba to dig, 
  but talking about our gypsies sells better, 
  you are now banned from / r/spain, 
  nah it 's when you set up a private firm and bribe officials to give you suspiciously good contracts there was some data a few months ago showing that ~ 80 % of the richest idk how many romanians made their wealth that way ( link is in one of those weekly threads ), 
  not really, 
   great britain is an extanded arm of the north americans and can not be trusted . 
  i want them to stay in the eu , they are clearly european but they have stop being america \u00b4 s bitch . 
  also germany should stop being putin 's bitch no wonder they spy, 
  you can have my popcorn, 
   i think germany should attack poland to recover its ( pre wwii ) eastern territories which had a clear german ethnic minority before the war . 
  just for territories that have minorities ? 
  it kinda makes sense only for the ones where you have majority, 
   small guys no , see nelu iordache 's case . 
  no bait , i guess the state just ca n't refuse the money . 
   i strongly dislike romania , apart from the nature . 
  . . and i was geting my popcorn ready, 
  you see , it 's a way for the crooks that have subscription to state contracts to not get caught by the eu stealing bruxelles money . 
  otherwise they ca n't restrain themselves and bruxelles is much more interested in catching guys like this than bucuresti . 
   7.2 b euros ... 
  it 's eu money so it 's unlikely anyone would be tempted to steal ( much ) . 
  it 's more likely for the money to stay unused . 
  i 'd be fine with them too if they 'd mind their own business . 
  nice flair, 
  holland is n't a country, 
  germany and france . 
  details ? 
  do they teach russian ? 
  lol, 
  protect them from what ? 
  was it during one of those meetings he keeps having here with irredentists ? 
  there were also talks about independence and ` szekler military units ' with his fellow putinist , laszlo tokes . 
  kek, 
   ~ ~ xx ~ ~ * xvi * - xxi century russia is all about conquering and imperialism, 
   romania is , in fact , an energy exporter at the moment . 
  yeah we 're gon na send some ( more ? ), 
  to countries in our region . 
  it is especially after the mh17 event, 
  got any other idea ? 
  let 's just ask putin nicely that will work, 
  good, 
  i think we have this too . 
  less bad than the one who now looks to have highest chances to win less bad than the current one too, 
  sure, 
  i think they are just giving in to international pressure . 
  i think it 's called [ the monkey ] ( http://www.b365.ro/media/image/201012/w620/maimuta-2.jpg ) here ( maimu\u0163a ), 
  dortmund fan cars :d, 
  what makes you think there arent rude drivers in dacias ? 
  and some of them manipulate the way the price is calculated, 
  ie the bechtel case, 
  well udmr doesnt get along well with psd right now anyway, 
  it is indeed the lesser evil, 
  you are now on the list anyway, 
  :d  union chairman kelemen hunor of the hungarian democratic union to run for president in the november elections . 
  { do n't know much about the guy , might not win since romanians do n't like our hungarian neighbors so much . }, 
  he is n't running to win . 
  there are other reasons : 1 . the usual testing of his electorate ( had problems geting the 5 % minimum in 2012 which is what they usually get ) 2 . he might get many votes from the ones that wo n't go with psd 's man ( they are trying to get better ties with the ` right wing ' opposition parties having in mind the possibility to govern with them soon maybe next year ) . 
  this matters for epp 's bruxelles games too since they are all in that group now . 
  yeah its a good excuse for that im all for centralising power in bruxelles, 
  russia will get involved too then openly the problem is where would that lead things ? 
  the end is nigh !, 
  do u think erdogan gets along well with putin ? 
  besides crimea, 
  it will probably be very close but if things go normally enough then commies wont be succesful which is all that matters, 
  idk how trustworthy polls in this region are, 
  2 . bullshit like that is slowly losing power, 
  all polls ive ever seen showed that most people here agree with reunification, 
  and there is no notable interest in this, 
  it 's a bit like a romanian transnistria, 
   but i doubt russia would like this . 
  russia would rather keep conflict frozen thus not helping moldova move forward . 
  much depends on the elections in november, 
  some want to ie hungary and serbia, 
  why is that result so in turkey ? 
  is it because of ottoman/russian empires conflict ? 
  the main problem is with the baggage they carry , transnistria and gagauzia . 
  very hard to deal with that . 
  there are also many moldovans who do n't want reunification and there are also the obvious economic issues . 
  we cant finance this by ourselves . 
   ultimately disintegrates . 
  anything happening in northern caucasus these days ? 
   but for the sake of peace we have to start a dialogue with russia that will lead to a solution for all nations in europe . 
  i do n't understand how it is still not obvious it does not want that . 
  it will have it it 's own way by force . 
  the only solution for russia is for the west to let go of the eastern countries and that wo n't be agreed upon just by dialogue . 
   this pure hatred , this pure anti-russian thinking has to stop . 
  it will stop when russia stops deserving this which has not happened and probably never will in the foreseeable future . 
   two of the most revered politicians of european history-winston churchill and otto von bismarck dunno much about bismarck ( besides the forced exchange deal of southern basarabia in 1878 ) but churchill is definitely not revered here and for very good reason . 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d2/yalta_summit_1945_with_churchill,_roosevelt,_stalin.jpg it 's so god damn annoying how much westerners love russia . 
  if only you had experienced at least 1/10th of the suffering provoked by this cancer of europe that is russia .
