  and as such , the imam has a political role here like christianity years ago or in more backwards european countries, 
  thankfully those do not ` destroy europe ' like some here think ttip does, 
  it would be expected https://web.archive.org/web/20140125045719/http://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1018437/, 
  it would be expected https://web.archive.org/web/20140125045719/http://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1018437/, 
  bell peppers, 
  you can also add dill and mustard in the egg for that, 
  but but american standards are evil, 
  its been a default sub for much longer and only in the last weeks with the immigration crisis did this new wave get more notable, 
  its funny that it is likely to make more prorussian politicians gain more power when russian banks were involved in that 1billion scandal its very suspicious how much they focus protests on the prowestern president in a parliamentary republic when he doesnt even have much power to do any bad shit like that, 
  even putin ? 
  he has a very big interest against anything binding us with regions not under putin 's influence those 2 trade deals are very important strategically for the west and against putin and he knows that very well, 
  are you actually from europe ? 
  the ` liberaleuropean ' 8 days old account looks like a cover for an american rightwinger like the other new posters that came on this sub recently its clever to pick israel flair in case someone calls you a nazi, 
  but then the racists cry censorship !, 
  then the mods backed down and look how it is now, 
  it 's interesting if you look at the ones who defend op idea are new redditors to this sub without flair apparently americans i wonder how they discovered this ? . . 
  another hero of / r/europe btw as of 2004 , french conservative think-tank institut montaigne estimated that there were 60 million ( 85 % ) white people of european origin , 6 million ( 10 % ) north african people , 2 million ( 3.5 % ) black people and 1 million ( 1.5 % ) people of asian origin in metropolitan france , including all generations of immigrant descendants http://www.conventioncitoyenne.com/documents/oubliesdelegalite.pdfsource is more rightwing a bit 85 % is quite homogenous by adapt does she mean paint their skins white ? 
  some kind of potato schnitzel ? 
  spotted a dildo, 
  uk sub is very leftist why do i get the impression you think leftist is biased and rightwing isnt, 
  it 's very perverse to pretend you are neutral, 
  is there incentive for private russian language media too ? 
   everyone in their own little echo chambers . 
  europe and european are the same now so can reddit bind both of them ? 
  does there have to be a . 
  i wonder why does this sub attract so many new americans since the immigration issue here, 
  mods then, 
  he shouldnt have said that in the first place out with him, 
  zalmoxism would have nothing to do with the middle ages, 
  but i suck at ck2 :( the hand of zamolxis will guide my mouse tho, 
  so we arent a special snowflake ? 
  russia was isolated ? 
  lol and the strength of those sanctions is overrated, 
  so if both are very islamic then whats the difference ? 
  both support terrorists btw, 
  cool, 
  japan is actually quite nationalist, 
  plenty of them will still complain why should we give money when its not our problem the same complaining, 
  it would be interesting if they could find the ones who sent the notices maybe some redditors from this sub ? 
   ) i wouldnt be surprised, 
  yeah :d and people dont realise china is learning from what happens with russia and it 's territorial ambitions the failure with ukraine , georgiaand moldova only encourages china, 
  worthy of / r/badeconomics, 
   i dont think china is particularily close to russia . 
  it 's moving that way anyway and their interets are often aligned see ie how they both veto syria resolutions , both dont support ukraine over crimea , both had naval drills in mediteranean recently ( their first ever together ) . 
  then see that big energy deal they signed and other businesses . 
  i think china is trying to be politically like the 90s/pre2000s russia trying to get leverage through business deals over the west and when the time is right we we will see them too do some very bad things . 
  this looks very well ordered you should see the chaos when a new supermarket is opened here and it sells some cheap crap like pans or drilling machines on discount, 
  very naughty sweden protecting commie secret agents data was that the way to show swedish neutrality or what ? 
  maybe a bit late but good anyway, 
  you mean a circlejerk sub ? 
   china also is not very likely to start idiotic wars in the middle east just in south-east asia, 
  i guess the ttip crowd can continue to base them on lies then until it 's negociated, 
  it would mean a new irak, 
  russia 's relations with the saudis are actually good and improving, 
  it 's funny how reddit turned all realpolitik and assad is the good option but you dont see this stance on saudi arabia, 
  lol ? 
  but trump lost the popular vote . 
  doublespeak ? 
  immigrants  ), 
  the_brigades are everywhere, 
  the guy thinks belgium is a city . 
  he knows shit about europe . 
  racists in skinny jeans meet the ib , europe 's version of america 's alt-right turn off the sound and you might be watching a video blog by a fixie-bike riding , avocado-munching hipster -- an environmental campaigner or a music journalist , perhaps . 
  but martin sellner is no liberal . 
  the vienna-based 27-year-old uses social media sites -- youtube , facebook , twitter , instagram -- to promote the `` identitarian '' movement of which he is a leader . 
  the identitarians are europe 's answer to the american `` alt-right '' , which helped carry donald trump to the white house . 
  what germans call the identit\u00e4re bewegung ( ib ) first emerged in france in 2003 . 
  boosted by the refugee crisis and islamist terrorist attacks , it has spread across northern europe in recent years . 
  its local groups all sport the same yellow-and-black websites and anti-migrant , anti-muslim , anti-media messages . 
  like its transatlantic counterpart , the ib exercises an outsized influence in two ways . 
  first , it connects the traditional far right to populist politicians on the national stage . 
  second , it helps both groups by repackaging their ideas for a younger audience . 
  its professed mission is to preserve national differences . 
  `` human rights include the right to a homeland '' is a typical mantra . 
  where others see european nations as the products of centuries of exchange and interaction , identitarians idealise a mythical past in which borders were absolute and clear ( even in germany , where they have historically shifted as often as the gears on a bmw ) . 
  clear borders allowed those inside them to establish religious and cultural norms , identitarians argue . 
  they speak of a `` great replacement '' ( of white europeans by immigrants with higher birth rates ) , `` ethno-pluralism '' ( which , confusingly , means something close to the opposite of `` pluralism '' ) and the need for a `` reconquista '' ( a reference to the christian recapture of spain from the moors ) . 
  mr sellner cites greenpeace as a model . 
  like that outfit , the `` ibsters '' deal in stunts and direct action . 
  they have hung a banner reading `` secure borders , secure future '' from the brandenburg gate in berlin , blocked roads in calais to oppose a migrant camp , disrupted theatre performances in berlin and vienna and occupied mosques in leiden and poitiers . 
  they have smartphone-friendly websites and sell t-shirts and tote bags bearing their logo : the greek letter lambda , which appeared on the shields of the spartans who held off the persians at the battle of thermopylae in 480bc . 
  they also adore the local , rail against `` mcdonaldisation '' and idealise the pastoral . 
  a recent video by their bavarian chapter shows rolling hills and sprightly young men boxing in woodland dells . 
  the movement has a deft way of making xenophobic causes seem palatable to moderates . 
  mr sellner uses the twitter hashtag #remigration to `` encourage '' african and asian immigrants to reverse the brain drain by returning to their homelands . 
  he frames insinuations that muslim immigrants are chauvinists and rapists as a defence of women 's rights . 
  an ib group in paderborn , near hanover , recently distributed cans of tear gas to female pedestrians ; in the current political context , the message was clear : german women need protecting from those beastly foreigners . 
  this relative subtlety opens doors to respectable society that remain shut to the traditional skinhead right . 
  the likes of mr sellner and marion mar\u00e9chal-le pen , a leading french identitarian , are invited to speak by the mainstream media . 
  they are thus useful to the anti-immigration parties advancing in much of the continent , like the freedom party of austria ( fp\u00d6 ) and the national front ( fn ) in france . 
  they promote ( and sometimes provide ) candidates for their parties and heckle their rivals . 
  the politicians repay the favour . 
  `` i understand their concerns , '' says marine le pen , the fn leader ( and marion mar\u00e9chal 's aunt ) . 
  heinz-christian strache , the fp\u00d6 leader , shares their videos and defended the viennese theatre occupation . 
  local fn politicians have even hired identitarian activists as press advisers . 
  beyond all the mumbo-jumbo about `` ethno-pluralism '' , the old racist tropes and practices are still there . 
  in germany identitarians describe immigration as `` nation death '' ; in france they speak of `` pureblood frenchmen '' . 
  they have marched alongside skinheads at anti-islam rallies in dresden and put a chain-lock on a muslim school in rotterdam . 
  in august germany 's constitutional watchdog put the ib under formal observation -- hardly surprising , as the npd , a german neo-nazi party , has circulated the movement 's videos as examples of good technique . 
  pepe hops the pond compared with america 's alt-right , identitarians are less web-centric -- they tend to meet in person , in local groups -- and less openly race-obsessed .
