   romania does n't really fall into the balkans , all definitions i know of the balkans show romania as part of it . 
  no meddling from russia ? 
  i 'll translate the link a bit . 
  there is a news channel that made over 40 reports in the last couple of years about lots of shady deals from the last 25 years ( like really bad privatising , suspicious contracts in general , whole strategic industries destroyed and the local economy in general , things like that ) and so far they think damages are 70 billion dollars . 
  meanwhile there 's a tonne of politicians geting caught by prosecutors , a 10th of parliament , half of the county council presidents , 30 indicted ministers ( 14 just from the current pm 's cabinets ) , etc and btw the tax agency is doing almost nothing to recover seized stuff from the crooks which undermines the whole justice effort . 
   eastern europe and central asia accounted for most of the european region 's 38,000 official fatalities . 
  romania has the highest number of people suffering from tb in the eu . 
  around 12 000 people are diagnosed with tb each year , of whom 500 were diagnosed with multi-drug resistant tuberculosis, 
  yeah he already warned the pm and another minister that he has a place for them in his cell, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/wouldnotbang/ nsfw, 
  a new batch of criminals will be elected next year so dont worry the current political reforms that are being worked are likely to bring only little change for the better, 
   guerrillero ( that 's his standard outfit when going to the social-democratic party conventions ) and the pic was taken when he was insulted prosecutors during a convention ( about supporting the pm to become president saying that if he does n't win ` we will all live with fear in our souls ' ) and the party morons all applauded, 
   but at least this one can put on a show . 
  it 's why he got to control the constan\u021ba region for so long . 
  it entertained the idiots ( old people love his carnivals ) who kept voting him and in return he gave them some crumbs ( some chicken , oil , flour before elections ) while he stole many millions . 
  there are many that like him even though they suspect he 's a big crook because ` at least he gave us something ' so it 's easy to exploit the many poor people . 
  him and another guy ( also with lots of criminal cases ) controlled that region for more than a decade . 
  nothing moved there without the 2 geting their cut . 
  these kind of guys are called ` local barons ' here and there are many like them . 
  the next costume https://imgur.com/6wuujtu, 
  and 2 mps got sentenced 2 more newly investigated 1 ex minister wanted in arrest by prosecutors ( he gave fake evidence in a cases he 's investigated in ) and parliament will probably block the request because ` arrests hurt our the country 's image ' and ` prosecutors are doing too much ' ( this kind of thinking is also promoted by the partisan media so there 's a whole campaign against prosecutors ) . . meanwhile there 's a report showing that the last 25 years of theft made damages of 70 billion dollars another minister ( the finance one ) quit after prosecutors ' accusations but actually it did n't go through all the procedures and is still actually minister so it was just a trick ( the pm does n't want the finance ministry position unoccupied because ` wages and pensions wo n't be paid anymore ' and he ca n't find another crook yet brave enough to replace him ' a kamikaze ' ) and that integrity chief guy . . all in the last days btw this mazare guy has something like 4 or more cases on his name already, 
  again that bullshit ? 
  since when does russia matter for decisions of other sovereign states ? 
  mind you russia until recently had good relations with nato . 
  some years ago putin even said ukraine is free to do what it wants regarding nato, 
  no it 's 6 % higher than the current budget . . from current 33 billion to 35 in 2019, 
  is n't that a pretty small change ? 
  i do n't have one for the before maidan bit although i do remember reading something ... there 's this saying he gave the order on the 22nd feb which is during the maidan and right when yanukovich was removed http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31796226, 
  russia : but but it is amerika that is manipulating the easterners !, 
  yes instead of russia becoming more like the west , it wants the west to become more like itself . 
  now he waits ( or works towards ) for the west to become more like russia in order to get it to accept deals like that ? 
  imagine having a lot more orban/schroder/chirac type politicians ruling in the west which could ignore everything bad about putin and get to business as usual, 
  and probably never really wanted to we know putin is very deceitful, 
   romania 's finance minister , darius valcov was forced to resign on sunday under a cloud of bribery accusations . 
  he 's still working as normal at the ministry on the new tax code . 
  he gave his resignation but it did n't follow all the procedures so on paper he is still minister and still acts like one . 
  he will probably stay for another week . 
   president klaus iohannis said the resignation was essential for the government 's credibility . 
  - see more at : http://www.neweuropeinvestor.com/news/romania-finance-minister-resigns/#sthash.ptv4tzxf.dpuf lol credibility ? 
  the pm has brother-in-law and father-in-law investigated . 
  there 's also another minister who 's investigated for vote fraud and has not quit . 
   more startling , a statistic from the same survey shows 25 % of romanians said they had been asked to pay a bribe in the past 12 months . 
  i wonder if there 's some older data to comparate to, 
  ofc not we all know the cia trained them, 
  because they were helpful against turks a long time ago and they did n't have to deal with russian imperialism against them . 
  they also did n't get to enjoy the communism it brought . 
  63 % of them have favourable view of russia http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/09/03/global-opinion-of-russia-mixed/ did some googling and til about http://www.britannica.com/ebchecked/topic/455942/philiki-etaireia it looks like our fr\u0103\u021bia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wallachian_revolution_of_1848#pre-revolutionary_events_and_outbreak, 
  the pm keeps insisting that he has to finish working on the tax code ( btw i doubt he is really a good expert ) so . . maybe in a few weeks i guess, 
  rt and sputnik said so, 
   we should learn this putin a lesson . 
  it can teach others that could do similar things too like china, 
  the guy is still in office he gave his resignation but has n't been properly accepted today he came to the ministry to work as normal, 
   to discuss terms with the russians and separatists in good faith . 
  they chose not to . 
  those guys did n't respect the original minsk agreement they are the ones of bad faith  russia 's been under the threat of nuclear warfare for decades lol what ? 
  russia is the one giving veiled nuke threats 24/7 you can not force diplomacy on russia when it does not want diplomacy . 
  that 's not how you can deal with a mafia state . 
  some things are kind of myths there was a poll done recently showing that there is around 30 % trust in the justice system as a whole ( over 60 in the anticorruption agency btw which is just a bit lower than in the church which means a lot ) but ~ 88 % of people have had nothing to do with the justice system in the last 5 years, 
  http://www.gandul.info/stiri/unde-sunt-banii-coruptilor-in-2014-agentia-nationala-de-integritate-nu-a-prins-niciun-politician-cu-avere-nejustificata-ci-doar-multi-politisti-si-vamesi-13768540 it 's not been working as good as it should there are transparency problems and they 've been weak at checking wealth of politicians ( ie apparently they 've been ignoring problems with the pm ) and iirc they lose something like 30 % of their cases in court, 
  all it 's left is for the dna chief to arrest herself, 
  come back in 30 days after he gets out of arrest, 
  this mp reminds me of chirac a bit http://www.nytimes.com/2003/02/18/international/europe/18cnd-chirac.html, 
  it wo n't these things affect elites which are obviously a minority in the big picture there wo n't be much change . . not soon and not without some big reforms which are not happening ( although being worked on currently but they are superficial ) there 's a whole system that needs changing and prosecutors cant do that . 
  they can jail all the politicians ( which is n't so unlikely  ) valcov is the 30th minister with law trouble like that ) but they will quickly get replaced by the same kind . 
   ** the conspiracy theorists ** say he was charged with corruption because a month ago he said he does n't want to continue the imf agreement . 
  meaning you, 
   as for france , i think they just do n't give a shit . 
  they used to have strong ties to russia back in the 80s and i think there is still some influence http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/france%e2%80%93russia_relations  during the 2008 georgia-russia war , sarkozy did not insist on territorial integrity of georgia . 
  moreover , there were no french protests when russia failed to obey sarkozy 's deal to withdraw from georgia and recognizing governments in georgia 's territories . 
  [ 4 ] this reminds me of sarkozy recently saying crimea ca n't be blamed for joining russia this is a quite interesting analysis of sarkozy 's foreign policy http://www.cicerofoundation.org/lectures/marcel_h_van_herpen_foreign_policy_sarkozy.pdf there are many countries in the eu and nato that are difficult to trust when it comes to russia . 
  i expect a lot more influence of the us in the east as a response to that . 
  the eu should get involved too , not 2 members on their own like last time . 
  and there are signs that both the pm and president knew that he had a criminal case on his name and he was still named . 
  this is the 13th or 14th member of ponta 's government that is investigated . 
  he didnt want him to quit and wanted him to work on the new tax code but now he quit after the president asked for that . 
  2 days it took . 
  so he respects integrity but does n't care about crimea is he contradicting himself ? 
  assault  d2, 
  is it even useful to have tanks there ? 
  or is it for show but then what is the kremlin planning ? 
   prosecutors said valcov is suspected of favoring a local businessman for contracts with the city hall in 2009 in exchange for receiving a 20 percent cut . 
  they said he received 2 million euros ( $ 2.11 million ) between 2010 and 2013 . they also said he got the bribes ( in plastic bags btw ) while meeting in a cemetery , among other places . 
  i remember other ministers got their bribes straight in their ministry office, 
  hehe do n't tell the rightwingers that, 
  looks like the balkans are quite mixed why so little purple in hungary ? 
  70 years late http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vin_americanii !, 
  the gate style is traditional for that region ( maramure\u0219 which half is in ukraine btw ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f30hrb1yglg there 's a lot of detail in some of them http://www.romguide.net/visit/the-gates-of-muramures_vt7a6 http://www.slideshare.net/nchiper/maramures-gates-special-arts-to-heaven-1 a gate like those was built a few years ago in the us embassy here, 
  there 's also that commercial centre with lots of chinese sellers, 
  vlach magic, 
   republicans are actually very appealing to ukrainians ( and a lot of ex-soviets ) because they take a tougher stance against russia . 
  yeah some commentators here like the idea of a republican becoming president there, 
  the pm sees no problem with this guy being suspected of corruption . 
  he even said that he must keep working on the new tax code . 
  btw yesterday and today 2 senators ( 1 from the pm 's party ) got sentences for corruption, 
   crnaruka , a romanian he just speaks the language, 
   a mission would need backing from all five permanent members of the security council , however , and russia is likely to resist the move . 
   he 's not the brightest cookie and videos about his grammar mistakes are all over tv & internet iirc he took a tutor for grammar lessons after becoming mayor the first time it did n't help much :d  for anyone wondering how can someone with only primary and maybe secondary education become a mayor , populism . 
  first because he had the right connections, 
  tldr 20 % bribe for 450m euros contracts he gave between 2007 and 2015 and parliament blocked lifting immunity for an ex minister again http://www.nineoclock.ro/lower-chamber-decides-udmr-mp-laszlo-borbely-avoids-criminal-prosecution-again/ that mayor 's cousin was also detained also today prosecutors asked for a senator ( ex minister ) to be arrested for destroying evidence in one of the cases he 's indicted in ( btw this someone who apparently negotiated an 8 billion euros deal for a bit more than 50 kms of highway . . not yet signed ) . . parliament is likely to block this request too since it might lead to the pm and the voting will probably happen late . . in 2 weeks / fresh news . 
  the current finance minister has been been brought to the prosecutors ' office as a suspect .
