  while the other political side go with the ` it 's all the new commie secret police ' they literally say things like that, 
  pic 2 and 11 those guys were presidential candidates too in the past iirc . 
  3 or 4 of the candidates in the last presidentials got investigated , some already jailed . 
  nr 2 ran for it while investigated and backed the guy who lost in the 2nd round promoting an amnesty law for the jailed . 
  11 he run the capital 2 mandates pretending to be independent but actually backed by a very corrupt party . 
  he 's the son of a general of the communist secret police . 
  pic 13 is linked with it too . 
   new batch of `` candidates '' for the dna . 
  some already being it 's client before winning elections one can bet none of them will finish their mandates :d, 
   is murders of lead investigators/judges a serious threat ? 
  there were dubious deaths of them in the early 2000s and before tho when investigations came close to some people . . that now went to jail for other stuff . 
  we 've had professionals like black cube tho spying on them we dont really have gun crimes in general let alone murders like that, 
  yeah almost all of them play the victim in the media ( which is just as crooked ) , some with their own conspiracy . 
  blaming russia/us/eu to destabilise the country etc that kind of stuff, 
  about 30-40 ministers enough for a few cabinets, 
  idk if it can keep up at that rate soon there 's a vote deciding to legalise abuse in office which imo it seems likely to pass and it is one accusation that politicians are often accused of . 
  almost half of prosecutors cases are with that . 
   the risks must be starting to not be worth the rewards . 
  it 's not obvious yet . 
  the tax agency does little to recover damages . 
  something like 7 % is recovered . 
  the tax chief was recently indicted himself tho so maybe numbers improve eventually . . or not . 
  most of those guys in the pics are ex ministers ( the highly connected kind , not some figure head and of different political colours ) , big mayors and media owners, 
  not really romanians voted in power another big batch of crooks just last week in local elections even though there is much trust in anticorruption prosecutors and people report more stuff to them . 
  same will happen in the parliament elections later this year so there wo n't be reforms made to prevent corruption , actually they are trying to change penal laws to benefit the crooks . 
  just a few days ago senate voted ( encouraged by the local elections results ) to allow convicted politicians to keep their mandate and other stupid proposals are going to be passed at the right moment . 
  not much can really change regardless of the very much work investigators do when most politicians and some key institutions do n't help and actually work actively against them trying to regroup like they did in 2012 and straight attacked rule of law but failed due in part to outside support . 
   basescu was never very popular nobody wins 2 elections without being popular, 
  how is he popular ? 
  how was basescu popular ? 
  the loud mouth types get lots of votes, 
  apparently unlike other countries russia did not ban known hooligans now guess why, 
  yeah white supremacists trolling the sub hello stormfronters !, 
   i think it 's because the government has done a terrible job explaining what the eu is and what it does with the amount of information available in todays world people still blame the gov for not telling them . . 
  reminds me of the recent dutch referendum, 
  lol they really think the black sea is a russian lake, 
  dammit england you play against very old and slow defenders and you use a slow striker you use this tall guy to take corners lol when he is better used in the box for set pieces i was sure dier was gon na score that :d, 
   the united states and the european union issued trade embargoes with russia in march 2014 yeah on the financial , energy , oil , defense sectors . 
  nothing on foods . 
  then russia responded with food imports bans . 
  what sanctions did they put on food trade ? 
  it 's not satire it 's a / pol / clone, 
  stormfronters on reddit with their agenda pushing see how many americans post here now on this kind of threads , flairless users or bullshit flairs and their post history on white supremacist kind of subs https://archive.today/7lqia neo-nazi website daily stormer advises readers to `` recruit '' on reddit - in particular , on / r/conspiracy and on `` european-dominated subreddits '' remember user european88 ? 
  far right nutjob pretending to be european but he was a troll from florida . 
  what other sockpuppets like him are now on reddit ? 
  only strong moderation will keep them from taking over the sub . 
  they are strong on worldnews , they got their own subs ( some banned ) but they spread even more . 
  haha i expected the downvotes, 
  nationalism is strength on putintv, 
  haha he wont admit it, 
   the mexican trash will be thrown in the dumpster soon enough . 
  im expecting similar game next with the swiss with albania we will have problems . 
  we cant play well with teams that are more defensive than us and thats what i think they will do our wingers cant dribble lol and crossing is shit too we are poor when we need to attack , to control the game . 
  we only play reactively and that 's why our good results are usually with big teams . 
  i expect to lose against albania . 
  we played surprisingly well :d, 
  meanwhile in venezuela http://bigstory.ap.org/article/5ee6b03daee141c3b89d419ecadcc7fa/venezuelans-pick-through-trash-food-eat-or-sell, 
  ppl escaped from 80s romania by swimming over the danube most people died trying ( either simply drowning because it 's hard to do ) or got shot some of the ones who made it got returned by the yugoslavs, 
   they need to be moderated better they arent moderated at alll . 
  it 's just a free-zone for shilling . 
   and it is alleged that it might actually be one of the aims of russia 's trolls i dont think so  and many other commentators were calling them out on shilling it 's usually a minority from what ive seen at least on western sites . 
  on ur local eastern ones people may be more aware but in the western mainstream people fall for their stories and they go unchallenged . 
   nationalists all over europe want all of the benefits of the eu with none of the responsibility or burden . 
  those are populists . 
  if they were serious politicians they would take responsability too . 
  less than half of it, 
  comments sections on news sites need to be disabled and this way most of the sockpuppetry will be ended, 
  i was reminded of someone who said it is a ` fascist authoritarian state ' as answer to ur title, 
  ah im reminded of this https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4hwkx1/v4_leaders_have_condemned_latest_european/d2tht5v notice its + upvotes in this sub, 
   we 're also not blood drinking reptilians, 
  subversion isnt diplomacy, 
   he basically replaced russia with china so same thing, 
   turkey this sub loves turkey threads the positive turkey ones get buried tho actually there arent any the bad ones make it high ( especially if its from spiegel ), 
   was n't it just one billionaire , who is no longer even a billionaire ? 
  there were very few ( or none ) as rich as him . 
  the only billionaire i think . 
   far more government employees/officials than wealthy people , right ? 
  yes, 
  https://www.wilsoncenter.org/sites/default/files/russia's%20far%20right%20and%20far%20left%20friends_summary_formatted.pdf http://www.martenscentre.eu/publications/far-right-political-parties-in-europe-and-putins-russia http://imrussia.org/en/analysis/world/2500-putinism-and-the-european-far-right, 
  http://www.romania-insider.com/bucharest-district-1-elections-result-turnaround-doubt/ she lost likely due to fraud which the electoral bureau doesnt want to check and have a recount, 
  im curious to find out more about that detective, 
   corruption with eu funds is way less than you think it 's like 0.6 % of the budget http://uk.reuters.com/article/us-eu-fraud-idukkcn0ym0q8, 
  ah of course this is voted to the bottom based pol trolls, 
   why is eveyone like russia was ussr ? 
  maybe they mean the mindset, 
  lol buried in downvotes, 
   moreover , dirty secret , groups ah so you 're a conspiratard, 
  whats with all you donald trolls on this sub ? 
   hillary receives lots of money from the extremist mosque funding sauds . 
  source, 
   last week 77 oncologists were charged with bribery that 's like 20-30 % of all oncologists here this thread is buried why ? 
  and it 's just what happened in the last few days . 
  these kind of changes and attempts are very common . 
  it 's nice that there is a struggle tho . 
  better than unchallenged corruption like we had before even if it wo n't last long . 
   hopefully with the recent actions of the dna ( including those included in this article ) things will continue getting better . 
  not really romanians voted in power candidates with sentences ( some for corruption ) or under indictments in a quarter of major cities townhalls last sunday . 
  one mayor even won while under arrest . 
  there may be some major voting fraud in one of the capital 's sectors but authorities rejected calls to investigate . 
  also yesterday the senate voted to reject the president 's request to modify a law that allowed politicians that were given suspended sentences to keep their mandate .
