  probably done by psd . 
  most of the fraud is done in the country though mainly by having some guys in a bus and drive them from voting station to another one where they vote on some special lists . 
  there are other ways too but more complicated . 
  some students of a big state ( ase ) uni had their ids detained by the dorms admins . . guess who that uni sides with . . they are trying to make it harder for them to vote because the youth also leans more against psd and government for other students voting away from home there were n't enough papers ( for some special lists ) so they could n't vote in some places in the country turnout was over 100 % but already acknowledged as errors low turnout ~ ~ ~ 35 % ~ ~ just under 50pc 2nd round in a couple of weeks there was no debate between candidates and it 's possible that it wo n't be even for the 2nd round . 
  psd does n't want to risk . 
  results tomorrow some people in munchen waited from 3 to 21 and then the doors were closed . 
  lots of people did n't get to vote because of very crooked organising . 
  it is on purpose . 
  same in paris and london and other places there were some protests in paris where they called the gendarmes and in romania some people want to sue the government, 
  the fsb caught him, 
  the one showing putler has huge support came from gallup, 
   `` the turkish regime became a serious threat to international security and is jeopardizing the regional stability ; hence the russian federation wo n't hesitate to ignore this grave menace and will do the necessary steps to prevent erdo\u011fan from committing a suicide adventure in the middle-east , '' state news agency itar-tass cited putin as saying on friday in russian resort town of sochi . 
  it should be on itar 's site too . 
  so it looks like he does n't really get along with erdogan ? 
  i did n't expect this . 
  good . 
  on a scale of 1-10 how do you rate ciolo\u015f 's performance and why ? 
  they are against reunification so it gives them ammo for propaganda, 
   they were the ones that wanted the separation . 
  they were the ones that wanted their own language you 're saying that as if it was all done democratically and while knowing the truth and apparently there was the possibility for reunification after the revolution but iliescu declined so it 's actually our fault . 
  it already is because transnistria they cant do much more because russians dont have south ukraine ( except crimea ) maybe if they had it all the way to odessa i do n't think he would do anything because there would be , already is , foreign support . 
  merkel alone said a few weeks ago that she supports selfdetermination there . 
  pretty much everybody except maybe orban would be ok with it . 
  if it 's done peacefully which would be certain ( we 're no imperialists lol ) then he ca n't actually do much except actually support it . 
  the plan seems to be to get moldova in the eu and get it to use funds well to become more attractive to transnistrians while ukraine stays proeu to keep it more difficult for moscow to support them and in time russia maybe loses it 's influence there . 
  btw for transnistria 's russian army problem there 's this * 5 +2 format for negotiations but it 's leading nowhere 5 +2 format ( russia , moldova , transnistria , ukraine , the osce and observers from the eu and the us ), 
  they are in opposition were they in opposition between 2010-2014 too ? 
  nvm still opposition, 
  have they ever given similar warnings about jobbik ? 
  in polls ceausescu is pretty appreciated and lots of people miss the old days i 'm surprised we do n't yet have an orban here . 
  in general how does the turkish media portray erdogan - putin relations ? 
  how do people seem to think about this ? 
   the people of turkey also hold negative views toward nato specifically ( 70 % dislike the organization ) well this is pretty important is there any other country like this in nato ? 
  in general there is n't much talk about the eu here not even during the european campaign elections there 's no euroskepticism really, 
  yes she will not but she is important for basescu 's future in politics he 's betting much on her to get the party ( pmp which he will probably lead after his mandate is over . . anyway she is just her pawn ) good numbers in the elections on which to build in 2 years we have elections for parliament ( and the guy will definitely need the immunity given by being mp though i think he will not be helped by the rest of mps for the lifting immunity vote because he is very unpopular ) but we might have change of power in government even before that ( especially if psd loses . . politicians here love to switch sides towards the ` winners ' boat ) so it matters in negotiating although i think they will still be in opposition, 
   actually , i do n't get it why majority of moldovans reject the idea of reunifying with romania . 
  it 's actually kinda 50/50 i blame it mainly on propaganda from prorussian media and parties plus all the brainwashing and forced russification done by russia, 
  nah the problem is mainly economical plus transnistria it 's bad for both if it happens now, 
  he 's very much participating in the elections he is n't candidate but he is working for udrea who he supports very much he brings support from unionists and then he says he votes udrea so he brings her those votes, 
  oh now it makes sense, 
   j.d. 
  : excuse me ? 
  we have very serious rules for entry into the epp lol epp is elitist but they have berlusconi 's forza italia and orban 's fidesz which they do n't see any problems with, 
  it 's not my bday i think i 've added something random when i made the account i do n't wan na do the weeklies anymore, 
  lol, 
  it brings votes from some moldovans but it also helps the communists there, 
  did i say it does ? 
  probably prorussia proseparatism, 
  yeah it moved on at least from the crimea problem, 
  we got enough for ourselves we 're gon na be net exporter of gas after some years, 
  tatars ? 
  if you mean cumans then i dont think they are tatars ( i think they are the ones who fled away from the tatars actually ) romania is just a few centuries old btw, 
  why do we have so much ? 
  we might export some but the infrastructure is n't there yet, 
  we have something like ` frate , frate dar branza e pe bani ' meaning ` brother , brother but the cheese costs money ', 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfxu51mbxlw live version https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfvbcgmj_iq and it 's a cover after this i think https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1utjrhetos, 
  yeah ceausescu saw himself as a mediator between israel and palestine similar role between china-us and i think there was something with iran too . . there 's this bridge between worlds policy that is still going on, 
  just in mozilla it seems it works fine for me in chrome or ie, 
  lol, 
  dont question the fearmongering just sign it !, 
  the eu is very divided politically ( orban , all those euroskeptics aligned with moscow , and i do n't trust merkel , renzi and some other politicians either when it comes to russia ) and only a few members have strong military in good shape ( uk , france ? , poland ) we have to centralise more, 
  btw an ex minister came up with an enviroment tax for new cars so lots of people prefer to register them in bulgaria to avoid paying it and even the minister did this [ pic ] ( http://storage0.dms.mpinteractiv.ro/media/1/186/3927/13419930/2/audi-rovana.jpg?height=612&amp;width=600 ) it 's the audi q7 her m6 was found with it 's [ wheel locked ] ( http://www.4tuning.ro/images/rovana-plumb-loveste-din-nou-bmw-ul-m6-parcat-pe/rovana-plumb-loveste-din-nou-bmw-ul-m6-parcat-pe-5bc531b5dd2684db52-940-0-1-95-1.jpg ) a few days ago because of illegal parking, 
  so is this tax thing a smokescreen for something else that the government is doing ? 
  well this is a tough one :d i like how some of the metro stations in moscow look very pretty ours are n't pretty, 
  yeah all 3 of them, 
  there are people that eat mushrooms raw ? 
  like peanut butter ? 
  what 's the texture of tatara ? 
  is it covered in chocolate ? 
  is rugby more popular than football there ? 
   is corruption getting worse , better , same ? 
  too early to tell . 
  things started happening only a few years ago . 
  politicians continue as before even though some are geting sentenced . 
  they do love to criticise prosecutors and things like that ( usually psd )  how do romanians see this ? 
  most people like what 's going on but there 's a big part of the media that tries to show it all to be politically motivated ( only when the ones in power are investigated ) which is very hard to prove since both people in power and opposition , high ranking too , are in trouble . 
   i guess it 's a good sign that corruption is being identified and punished ? 
  yeah there 's much support for this from both bruxelles and washington, 
  meanwhile mps delayed deciding on lifting immunity of 2 mps in the same case same kind of thing in other cases for 4 other mps, 
  putin fed him to a polar bear . 
  their pm speaks romanian too, 
  why did you learn romanian ? 
  nevasta is still widely used here but not formally, 
  i 've heard they have someting to do with dacians or something that we have in common . 
   there were more in use before 19th century . 
  as romanians modernized , areas such as technology and administration , cultural and city life borrowed heavily from french ( and italian to a lesser extent ) . 
  yeah the relatinisation period, 
   i 'd be so fat if i were hungarian , you have no idea , there was a map with countries around here showing which has the fattest people in europe and guess how hungary ranked, 
  all europa has really pretty girls, 
  yeah that 's what happens when you have siege mentality plus some kind of dictator running the country and very biased media so people can easily believe things like that, 
  it 's obviously not a conspiracy that 's actually just part of the plan to wean the eu off russian gas that plus europe 's own shale gas i do n't really have problems with this . 
  btw we 're talking about diversification because we ca n't actually stop imports from russia . 
  hurr durr conspiracy and their theory makes it sound like russia does n't deserve this which is not true at all ( the us are trying to push russia away from europe ) putler 's doing a magnificent job already, 
  ~ 40 % of our lexis consists of french loan words, 
  pro tip for orban send miners to bring peace and order, 
  they 're saving yuropa the union of peace love and bass, 
  tbf it does n't count as eastern europe but as southern europe, 
  weird, 
  yeah all done with regional costumes pics, 
  how do you know how a goats arse tastes ?
