  but , what is really needed is an international collection or nationalist parties and movements dedicated to the interest of their nations and people , this group could be devoted to nationalism regardless of race , ethnicity , religion , etc. 
  and it can go far http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_union_of_national_socialists check the see also links too http://www.bbc.co.uk/worldservice/theneweurope/wk19.htm it reminds me of national bolshevism, 
   the resolution passed by a wide margin of 362 to 247 , with 88 abstentions , lots of votes against the vote is n't on the eu site http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-european-parliament-latest-votes.html, 
  schulz did n't vote which is suspicious 3 abstained stanishev leader of european socialists did n't vote either same for the wife of our socialdem pm that 's quite weird, 
  well that 's interesting, 
  people can not have such a high favorability of a country and not like it 's culture, 
  63 % of greeks favorable of russia http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/09/03/global-opinion-of-russia-mixed/, 
  what 's with the 5 abstainings in the sd group ? 
  they from renzi 's party ? 
  i doubt that our pilots dont speak a foreign language, 
  bad management ? 
   globalresearch.ca he said credible and that is not, 
   trust me , the greeks are turning to russia out of desperation , not out of some respect for russian culture . 
  ~ 60 % of greeks like it, 
  check his post history he is for real you btw are a nazi too, 
  king michael is popular and so is the royal house the way we kept republic after '89 wasnt really fair ( besides the blackmail to set it up in the first place ) most presidents were very disappointing, 
  constitutional, 
  thanks but i found a link without downloading http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-state-of-eu-russia-relations-motion-for-resolution-vote-resolution.html, 
  as expected most votes against are from france , uk , italy , germany , greece and spain . 
  from here all voted well except for the pm 's wife who did n't vote . 
  the patriotic thing would be to learn your borders and do so from their exterior to better understand the enemy 's view, 
   the resolution he steered through parliament was passed by 494 votes to 135 , with 69 abstentions . 
  i wan na see who how voted pls / http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-state-of-eu-russia-relations-motion-for-resolution-vote-resolution.html most votes against are from france , uk , italy , germany , greece and spain . 
  yeah it 's closer :d, 
  yeah its different but i cant find a better explanation, 
  a hundred lunatics ? 
  we have some kind of movement here too, 
  yeah that too and many more dubious sources, 
   russians understand us way better that 's what the putin-vesrtehers and gaz-gerd say ? 
  how many cancers do you have ? 
  all of them i bet !, 
  butter that tastes like peanuts, 
   are you seriously believing rt ? 
  no it 's a funny explanation and coming straight from officials through state controlled media, 
  that 's a proper nazi, 
  typical, 
  everything except rt and sputnik are russophobic propaganda, 
  there is a romanian saying : ` beating comes from heaven . ', 
  they crossed the border by accident like here straight from rt http://rt.com/news/182812-russian-soldiers-detained-border/, 
  it 's getting irrational, 
  great news for putin, 
  i thought steelfyre asks about the op 's theme, 
  yes and offer free trade deals, 
  to conspiratards the support of nato equals to ww3, 
  it 's mainly because of the pacifism from after ww2 ( 3rd reich damage left a deep scar ) but the russian influence matters too ( propaganda , lobby , the vestehrers ) . 
  it 's not really peace love though , it 's just this holier than thou attitude , no dirty work for them . 
  let others take more responsability while they are still involved but just with logistics and financing . 
  what do you think germany of 2015 would do against germany of 1944 ? 
  the topic is about support of nato members tho , not ukraine . 
  why low support even for that ? 
  you mean shithole nato members ? 
  i 'm not surprised one bit . 
  is that poll done by age groups too ? 
  cant find anything for that, 
  it 's pretty good here too, 
  did his account get banned or something ? 
  i see deleted, 
   and they 'll never get past the ccr anyway . 
  what if some of them do ? 
  i doubt the constitutional court can block things like that amendment that allows detaining only of nonviolent guys ( ie if you are corrupt and destroy evidence like 2 ministers already did then no arrest for you ), 
  there is one scenario according to which he is just a sacrifice piece . 
  he will be gone soon regardless of what he does . 
  his indictment and the bad things said from his camp ( some things might have been done to test reactions ) brought little protests ( a few hundred people ) and the opposition in parliament is weak and fragmented . 
  there are many very nasty criminal code changes ( like legalising conflict of interests which is one of his accusations ) proposed in parliament and some already passed various stages without creating protests ( commisions and one chamber ) . 
  these could bring much unpopularity but the pm could fall anyway ( when he is sent to court for the other indictments ) and because the opposition is weak then now could be a good time to get those changes done . 
  those in power all confirmed they stand by him and secretly some of the opposition . 
  the trick could be that some people , few anyway because those likely to protest ( youngsters ) are busy with their exams and summer stuff , would protest then he would resign and people would then be very pleased and quiet enough for the law changes to happen without much backlash . 
  besides the justice system ( which targets the opposition a lot too so one cant say its biased ) , his camp has a lot of power , most of the very biased media and the media watchdog , the parliament , the police , the ombudsman , etc. 
  there are many big crooks from even apparently opposing political sides that depend on this to succeed . 
  maybe the survival of a whole system is at stake in the big picture . 
  their interests are more with russia , china , orban style governing and fighting corruption makes this orientation very difficult , they show growing antiwestern rhetoric , populism and manipulate people so much it feels like it 's the 90s . 
  and then some complain there are too many news on this, 
  epp : martin schulz suggested ponta 's situation to be discussed in the ep libe committee the sd leader in the ep sides with the pm, 
   sadly , the ec applied presure is not only presure on ponta , but romania as a whole . 
  the eu can afford to pressure a lot more because it 's still quite popular, 
  he said that like 3 times, 
  yeah the pm doesnt matter much now because it is only a matter of weeks / a few months until he is gone . 
  he 's probably playing a sacrificial role now . 
  what matters is what happens with the criminal laws changes they are working on . 
  if they pass which is likely then we can say good bye to our anticorruption campaign . 
  then we can all expect orbanistan-like transformations here . 
  price for that ? 
  it 's very obvious it can hurt their blackmail power, 
   sgt. 
  kharkiv tells us that there is a jew in the battalion , but we have not met him . 
  there 's a jew in the azov battalion ?? 
  how big is the battalion btw and how many troops are there in total ? 
  yeah reposting until it sticks, 
  how nice of them, 
  um are you posting this link every day on this sub , then deleting it and posting again ? 
  the only support they get is from protesters ( which are few ) , some western embassies ( usually uk , us and netherlands ) and only part of the opposition . 
  most of parliament ( there is work on modifying criminal laws in ways to very badly affect the justice system ) , most of the media are against prosecutors . 
  public opinion on the anticorruption agency is still high , for now . 
  courts are still working well tho there was some scandal with the new naming of the supreme court head ( also with the antiorganised crime prosecutor head ) and yesterday the 6th richest romanian got a 12 years old sentence ( already has 10 years in a different case ), 
  that part of the media gets the most views, 
  search for some gipsy threads it 's just populist, 
  what they talk there does n't seem so interesting http://skepticblog.org/2010/10/07/the-bilderberg-group-on-wikileaks/ the wikileaks links dont work anymore but the last one does, 
  parliament will block indictment today for some of the accusations ( the conflict of interests which his party tries to legalise and which apparently has better chances than the other accusations to get him sentenced ) voting is happening right now . 
  standing applause for the pm which is a bad sign / / 231 votes against prosecutor 's request 120 for . . :( yesterday the senate speaker ( proponta muppet ) said ` the train of democracy has derailed ' and now i guess it is back on tracks http://www.romaniajournal.ro/epp-martin-schulz-suggested-pontas-situation-to-be-discussed-in-the-ep-libe-committee/ `` we expect the plenary of the romanian parliament to clear the way and enable the prosecutors ' investigations of prime minister ponta '' , said a statement by epp president joseph daul . 
  but the leader of ponta 's political family in the european parliament , gianni pittella , sees no reason for ponta to resign / `` romania is a sovereign state and i respect the independence of the romanian authorities '' , pittella said .
