  and yet the idiot complains about solidarity  tsipras and varou 's behavior make more sense , if we assume that defaulting has been their plan from the start . 
  yep, 
  maybe we are the new eu champions at cooking the books then, 
   2 million romanian working abroad it 's 4 i think or are you counting just workers , not their kids etc that they brought with them ? 
   we need to make sure that whatever put greece in this position does n't happen again that 's mainly up to greeks themselves, 
  the guardian lieing ? 
  reddit wont like this, 
   after ww ii the country experienced hyperinflation , and it was very bad in '47 people just threw the money on the streets or used it for making fire kinda like in this polandball http://i.imgur.com/wapgpeo.png but in real life and your own money, 
  yeah democracy !, 
  think about the dignity and pride of them too !, 
  no humiliation !, 
  we 've had ~ 20-25 this week here . 
  it rained often, 
  is he still duma speaker or what he was ? 
  i wonder if we get monies too if we reunify, 
   so they will cover the development costs '' . 
  really ? 
   we even have legalized gay marriage . 
  you 're ahead of us there we just rejected it recently i think, 
  i see downvotes . 
  we do have putinists here you know . 
  cool now remember not to negotiate with terrorists and then let 's see where else you get financing from . 
  will money grow on greek olive trees ? 
  oh stiglitz said so and then greece was right to spend more money than it could afford to, 
  you should translate it ffs some examples : 25 % public sector wage cuts for pretty much everyone + cuts to bonuses and all kinds of rights pensions froze for 2 years attempt to cut them by 15 % was blocked by court and instead vat went up from 19 to 24 % ( we might go back to 19 next year btw ) unemployment and child support money cut by 15 % lower pension wealth limit so more people could be taxed by 5.5 % social security all in one move iirc in 2010 plus all kinds of other taxes , excises , privatisings , lay offs , lower social spending , the usual stuff . 
  we seem to have recovered better than many others . 
  tax collection going up and reforms continue , anticorruption going really well , growth ( 3.5 % in 2013 , 2.9 last year , ec expects 2.8 now and wb 3 % , t1 2015 gdp equaled t3 2008 for the first time ) , 6-7 % unemployment . 
  mind you we went through the same troika shit . 
  it 's terrorism by the definition to not give more free money ? 
  i think syriza wants to be as annoying as possible to get more of the ` foreign entities ' against them and then get their victim propaganda to be more effective, 
  lol corporate states you learn these words over in / r/conspiracy ? 
  obedient ? 
  more like responsible, 
  well , dijsellbloem yesterday evening confirmed that there have been no talks with greece at all and that there is no agreement existing whatsoever , which indicates thaf mr v is lying through his teeth . 
  yep varoufakis is just another populist deceitful politician same for tsipras the current government is n't so different from the older ones, 
   it is a matter of matching expenses to revenue . 
  so greeks are living beyond their means and they do n't want this to change greece just wants to keep denying reality, 
   she even told me that black people are perceived as cool and exotic in russia !, 
  like pretty much everywhere else, 
  so young middle class russians from a wealthy city ? 
  is that really representative ? 
  this shows very long term problems with greeks for the eu, 
  ez guys better check and check and check a billion times before we join, 
  putin 's, 
  is n't it a problem that 75 % take early retirement ? 
  and he 's gon na end up in jail, 
  yep, 
  that and a medal, 
   russian base no it 's a tourist center, 
  just curios how does that def minister stand on russia issues ? 
   i think tsipras is just getting desperate . 
  reports are coming in that the majority will vote yes to the referendum . 
  yeah this new story does n't make him look so confident, 
  putin would love this a real enemy to fight and gain more popularity, 
  hows the media playing this ? 
   troika-induced austerity plans have had worse effect than planned . 
  did greece follow all the reforms planned too ? 
  not just some cuts, 
  it 's possible i remember reading that some investors changed their minds about spending in orbanistan and instead look here because we 're , for now , more reliable, 
  lol it reminds me of stories with our oil we send sunflower to hungary and then we import their sunflower oil genius i know, 
  i 've heard sardinian is quite close to our language, 
   syriza is a bunch of idealists  ), 
   ponta and his crew are trying to give everyone a massive tax cut the weird thing is that they are likely to go into opposition soon and the dumbasses that will take power ( ` liberals ' ) will have to deal with collecting enough money to cover the tax cuts gap . 
  for them it would really suck to fail . 
  sometimes it happens here that a government makes some big budget changes not long before going into opposition and then let the other guys deal with it ( usually very badly ) while they gain the votes . 
  but in principle reforms are needed , the doubts are with them being sustainable which is what the ec questions and btw it asked for some sort of report on the effects of these changes which maybe we did n't do properly or even at all ( last finance minister who worked on it got arrested and the last one is dubious too so i have some doubts ) 2 elections next year, 
  yup and they may be right to do so, 
  they ca n't block it maybe i should have changed the title a bit, 
  iirc one of the reasons why leanca did n't get to be pm again was that he wanted a guy from here to lead that kind of agency there so there 's little political will for that kind of stuff, 
  wtf, 
  yep from day 1 i think syriza was actually interested in leaving and their only issue is how to get voters to be on the same page while pretending as much as possible that they want a prowestern solution, 
   if europe really wants moldova on their side , they should try to convince the pro-eu politicians to steal a bit less . 
  i do n't see how, 
  well the good part is that trust in religion is going down here so maybe we need patience, 
  apparently there 's a problem with referendums on fiscal matters and that constitution i think passed by popular vote , right ? 
  so is it constitutional or not ? 
  maybe russia will govern them then . 
  tsipras seems to like this eurasian union thing , most greeks like russia too . 
  i think we had this kind of stuff too in 4th grade or something, 
  that 's what the local media says i dunno what name the clinic has so i can search more, 
  pretty much daily there is a thread about this you obviously dont really follow this sub, 
  the dpr yes, 
  more like the lizard people thats why they call her queen lizzie, 
  i thought an official said they did n't yet do it http://uatoday.tv/politics/lithuania-undecided-whether-to-arm-ukraine-pm-butkevicius-443349.html, 
  thanks i really was n't sure if it 's bon or bien . 
  i went with what worked better in romanian :d, 
   the protests are n't necessarily anti-russian . 
  isnt the electricity firm russian owned ? 
  can you pastebin the text pls ? 
   `` everyone spies , is what spies do , duh ... '' but it 's bad only when the us spies because america is literally hitler or something when other allies spy on the us then it 's all fair game and nobody gives a damn, 
   worth mentioning that the european commission does n't give a damn about how much we spend on our military , what 's interested in is the overall budget deficit . 
  and it was our government that signed for us to keep that 1.4 % deficit . . back in 2011 iirc, 
  there was a story in our media about us not being able to raise that spending because of exceding iirc 1.5 % deficit http://www.defensenews.com/story/defense/international/europe/2014/12/01/romania-to-seek-eu-imf-permission-to-boost-defense-budget/19762231/ the answer was no from the commission, 
  again new accounts for ttip fearmongering, 
  unless it gets blocked again in bruxelles because of deficit problems, 
  ee endured tsarist russia too and moscow still managed to impose itself again, 
  why are you posting a lying headline then ? 
  or you arent but you said ` always ', 
  `` opponents of the ukrainian government ` accuse ' ukrainian leaders of being jewish to try to discredit them . 
  plotnitsky 's wordplay implies a jewish conspiracy behind the anti-yanukovych revolution , and he then clearly states that jews benefited politically , '' adl national chairman abraham foxman told the post , referring to the ouster of ukrainian president viktor yanukovych in february 2014 .
