  i did check if this was reported on other sites . 
  it 's difficult to find local news in english . 
   komsi neighbor in turkish, 
   as * many * far-right people were banned from entering romania last week , jobbik is throwing a bit of a temper tantrum about it , mostly along the muh trianon line . 
  only 4 pic of one of them :d http://www.frontpress.ro/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/istvan-szavay.jpg jobbik mp, 
  lol erdogan made it even more popular, 
  might be a problem for us and maybe others in this region . 
  the church is well seen here ( over 60 % support in polls ) but the good thing is that this view is less and less popular ( which is not a new development btw ) and i suspect that this trend will continue . 
  i do n't think this is about votes . 
  he wants to be better viewed by the west . 
  or they could first spend the money ( for the bribe from the seller ) and scrap it later, 
  yeah we have 1 sub but it has n't dived since '95 or '96 because it needs new batteries . 
  the defense minister said a few months ago that he wants 20 mil eur to buy them . 
  there might be a nato drill in poland too, 
  u guys and georgia are signing this in june, 
  this dughin wacko was here in romania last year and he was saying stuff like eu doesnt care about you ( talking about the propaganda of ukip and that sort ) , join us because orthodoxy rulez ( this kind of rhetoric can bring support ) , we will give you moldova and transnistria etc, 
   but to the average joe in the street i 'll bet the freedom to travel ( work ! ), 
  in western europe is probably the most important thing i bet it 's security right now . 
  yes maybe our schwabs and saxons want to be saved, 
  its easier to do it after, 
  they could just send super zealous inspectors there daily and they will find reasons to spam with fines, 
  i thought russia has only one house, 
   gasprom also accounts for 20 % of the russian government revenue source ? 
   because romania imports less than 11 % of its gas from russia and the number is set to be 0 in the next year or two . 
  til :d great i thought it 's around a fifth or more, 
  are there rich gypsies with houses like this in other countries too ? 
  good to know they are prepared to deal with these morons, 
  it 's the same, 
  are there maps like this for other continents ? 
  i suspect tha the dark brown is the best ? 
  ' have discussed the possibility ', 
  our deputy house and parliament president do n't like this idea, 
  it 's interesting that udmr is worried about these extremists now too ( afaik they usually are not against them ) but now they are worried they might vote for magyar parties ( the szekler council and some other organisation ) other than udmr keep in mind than in the last elections udmr was close to not geting the minimum 5 % threshold they are even critical of tokes now  ), 
   but i 'm curious if this violates freedom of movement across the eu ? 
  anybody more knowledgeable than me have any idea ? 
  we ca n't do that and we ca n't do much to the hooligans even after they break the law because they would victimise themselves even more it 's tricky, 
   venezuela is n't venezuela very close to russia ? 
  we do n't have anything significant antieu going on afaik . 
   last report : the break-up of the major parties in romania has also precipitated a fall in the total number of seats for the alde-aligned national liberal party ( pnl ) . 
  there are rumours that they will switch from alde to epp btw and they might go up in polls now that they are in opposition, 
  wasnt it on 30 ? 
  define near future, 
  gigi becali has no brothers and victor & ioan are his cousins . 
  i think he has 5 more . 
  ioan and victor might the only 1st grade cousins of his . 
  full list of people sentenced today - ioan becali , football agent - 6years 4 months - victor becali , agent 4y 8m - cristian borcea , ex owner of dinamo fc 6y 4m - george copos , ex owner rapid fc 3y 8m - mihai stoica , steaua fc manager ( not head coach ) 3y6m - jean p\u0103dureanu , gloria bistrita fc club president 3y4m - gheorghe popescu , agent 3y10m - gheorghe ne\u0163oiu , investor or something in dinamo fc 3y4m some of them currently have trials in other cases too today or tomorrow we have elections for the new football federation chief position and popescu was the candidate with highest chance to win . 
  he was going in the elections while having a suspended sentence from another case btw . 
  the elections might be cancelled . 
  they are all going to prison today and it seems that our football world is . . cleaning up :d the becali 's will meet their cousin , the owner of steaua , in jail . 
  part of what they basically did was that they sold x player for say 300k but on papers the clubs received 150k . 
  things like this got clubs like dinamo and rapid in the difficult financial positions they are in today . 
  player names involved in these transfers http://www.gsp.ro/usr/imagini/2014/03/04/607830-sume.jpg prices in dollars . . i wonder for how much players before '99 were really sold for, 
  so what do they look to gain then ? 
  btw is it likely to see ukraine turning into a federation ? 
  now i understand why you guys are nr 1 here http://www.cliniccompare.co.uk/sites/default/files/filemanager/obesityineurope.png, 
  was it ever any different ? 
  this looks like transnistria in 1990 any problems in odessa and mikolaev ? 
  :d both are heavyweights and politicians, 
   many times when there was n't a clear majority , they tipped the balance they are the most important hinge party, 
  why just 10 years ago ? 
  any signs of russia focusing more on georgia and moldova ? 
  has this been announced officially yet ? 
  it 's suspicious how this has been said only on facebook do the new powers just want to scare ianukovich ? 
  maybe they do n't want to really get him in trouble because who knows what other influencial crooks from their own side might be taken down with him . . 
  i suppose there could be a big network . 
  a bit surprising, 
  an error has occurred . 
  there was an error while dispatching your request . 
  please contact the system administrator . 
  the error message was : 1069137 we apologise for any inconvenience . 
  maybe they * want * to fail, 
  [ bullock cart by nicolae grigorescu ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/90/nicolae_grigorescu_-_car_cu_boi.jpg ) there 's a nice selection of our best paintings in this video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5sh-eu3awu, 
  43km if we judge by how much was spent on the transilvania highway ( 23m eur/km ), 
  quote of basescu a decade ago when he was mayor of the capital i say , it is much better to read on the ship ( basescu worked as a ship captain ) than to have sex with the ass . 
  between me and mr nastase there is a big difference : compared to me , mr nastase uses the ass to have sexual relationships . 
  there 's an old conflict between these 2 and they were once opponents in a presidential campaign . 
  some years ago it was often speculated that adrian nastase is a homosexual . 
  to ensure the property ( right ) is to limit human right on his property . 
   are there actually enough people for that many churches ? 
  i doubt the church cares . 
  there 's money to be made . 
  older people tend to go often especially in rural areas ( half the country ) but afaik attendance is dropping partly ( maybe mainly ) because the elderly eventually die and the young ones do n't care as much about the church . 
   have the government taken any significant steps to stop this happening within the health service in particular ? 
  or are they just as corrupt themselves ? 
  both , especially the last . 
  i do n't really care about the churches . 
  basescu : ghiciti ghicitoare mea ( guess my riddle ) he wanted to be guessed if state undersecretary raed arafat ( a technocrat quite liked by the people ) or the health minister would quit regarding the new healthcare bill of which arafat was critical of to the dislike of president basescu . 
  arafat quit and this led to protests and change of power http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_romanian_protests, 
  you can imagine that there are other big issues if the wages are shit the whole system is crap, 
  trivia : we have 2 times more churches than hospitals and schools ~ 17000 churches 400 hospitals 7000 schools ( including kindergardens and unis ) per day 3 schools are closed and every 2 days a new church is built shitty google translate http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=ro&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=ro&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.romanialibera.ro%2factualitate%2feveniment%2fromania-in-plata-domnului-dispar-trei-scoli-pe-zi-apare-o-biserica-la-doua-zile-174887.html&amp;act=url btw , we do need more schools . 
  there are many cases where kids have to walk many kilometeres ( even 13 ) to school because they either never had one in their area or it was closed . 
  there 's some kind of experiment in one of our hospitals in slobozia where medics refuse bribes ( bribes are very common even/especially if you have a serious problem ) and ask the patients to donate it instead and apparently a nice fund is developed . 
  part of the money goes to infrastruture or w/e needs they have and the rest as some kind of bonuses to the medics . 
  sometimes they earn a bonus of around half their salary which pleases them . 
  the minister said they want to expand this program ( they did n't think it themselves . . the hospital in slobozia did it on it 's own ) . 
  the problem here is what if the patients do n't donate anymore ? 
  yeah , i know how it is there and i think we need a similar system . 
  there really are less and less specialists and it will be a very big problem . 
  we were losing many medics even when the economy was doing well because it 's easy and much more attractive to go west . 
  i guess the government should somehow force new medics to stay here at least for some years ( to at least balance the money spent on their education - most or maybe all go to state universities ) and try to attract medics from poorer countries but i doubt the last would be effective .
