  rekt, 
  dan nolan , budapest 19 june 2016 \u2022 7:11 pm hungarian prime minister viktor orb\u00e1n is facing accusations of fraudulently using $ 2m of eu funding after he opened a vintage railway between his two childhood villages . 
  the hungarian government claimed that 2,500-7 ,000 passengers would use the line daily in its original funding application . 
  however in the first month of operation , a paltry 30 passengers have been using the nostalgia train , which the government had claimed would be a tourist draw . 
  `` the biggest choker is that the train goes from nowhere to nowhere , via nowhere , '' said one passenger . 
  the eu , which funded 80 per cent of the project , is set to investigate . 
  benedek j\u00e1vor , an mep for the hungarian party dialogue for hungary has reported the case to the eu 's anti-corruption body olaf . 
  `` the hungarian government intentionally reported false data , as it was crystal clear even at the time of submitting the application that the estimated numbers are totally absurd and unrealistic . 
  this is cheating and fraud which should be investigated by eu bodies , '' mr j\u00e1vor said . 
  campaigners march in budapest in renewed internet tax protest play !, 
  01:54 mr orb\u00e1n has dismissed objections to the line . 
  `` nothing was ever built on cynicism . 
  if we listened to critics , nothing would ever be done in hungary , but rails have to be set down . '' however , his critics say he has been using state coffers and proxies to build a private kingdom in the area , through which the nostalgia train once ran , and where he and his family and business associates now own many properties . 
  at one end of the line is a habsburg estate in alcs\u00fatdoboz . 
  originally built by archduke joseph august of austria , it was purchased by mr orb\u00e1n 's father in 2011 , the year after his son returned to power . 
  aerial shot of mr orban 's habsburg estate aerial shot of mr orban 's habsburg estate credit : \u00c1tlatsz\u00f3.hu at the other of the line is the 3,500-seater soccer stadium in felcs\u00fat , population 1,700 . 
  completed in 2014 , the stadium is metres from mr orb\u00e1n 's weekend house , and was in part paid for with corporate tax breaks introduced by the football-loving prime minister . 
  the stadium drew comparisons with a similar vanity project of the former romanian despot nikolai ceausescu , and with crowds at the stadium often dipping below 1,000 , is already seen as something of a white elephant . 
  the case has also put mr orb\u00e1n 's personal finances in the spotlight . 
  opposition party egy\u00fctt released a mock-up rich list entry that estimates him as the richest resident of hungary . 
  `` just like putin is known to be the richest russian alive , we believe mr orb\u00e1n is hungary 's richest man , but is using straw men to distribute his wealth , '' egy\u00fctt leader viktor szigetvari opined . 
  has he been indicted ? 
  liquefied natural gas imports but it doesnt come from russia so i guess that 's a no too, 
  where does germany stand on other sources of energy atm ? 
  green , lng , nuclear etc, 
  woah imagine leave leading to both wales and scotland leaving uk some time in the future, 
  it remids me of trump fans this millionaire , likely a tax evader btw , wants tax cuts for the rich and yet the poor are so attracted by him, 
   you do realize our politicians are waging wars as often or more often than russia , right ? 
  russia since '91 13 wars https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_involving_russia#russian_federation_.281991.e2.80.93present.29 sweden has bosnia afghanistan and libya https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_involving_sweden, 
  the treaty was changed much before the 2nd vote to make it acceptable, 
  you must have an interesting search history to get that one proposed by google ( it affects results ), 
  what kind of blog is that ? 
  yeah basically / r/syriancivilwar is russkiy mir lol, 
   guy part of the system giving his expert opinion on why not to leave hehehehe and here is an example of wingnut ( donald post history ) anti-intellectualism, 
   the guy in the video made it very clearly that all existing treaties would have to be renegotiated . 
  same for something like catalonia , right ? 
  or negociated from a lower base because they will have to work on a new state too, 
  i thought they are center right, 
  they could should some mp of the left, 
  ppl were suspecting stay will win even before cox because the score was close and when that happens it 's status quo that wins, 
  romania might have stayed like a clone of north korea without that but it was a kangaroo trial , a coup and what followed at least for a decade was still quite repressive and a very fake democracy, 
  is rt not state owned ? 
  i remember posting about this stuff in syriancivilwar and just get buried in downvotes and attacked, 
  not fully it 's still a gray zone, 
  they have no clue what racism is http://i.imgur.com/vysyfrbl.png guess from what sub that one is, 
  someone has more pics ? 
  the donald guys, 
  i suspected before this that corbyn secretly backs leave . 
  whatever gain stay got recently will be gone now, 
  imagine orban 's reaction if the uk was doing this for a referendum in hungary btw are referendums allowed there now lol ? 
  i remember some problem with the opposition, 
  hungary had it low a few years ago too but now trust levels changed, 
  you mock that but meanwhile you believe jo cox murder is a false flag, 
   `` inside wikileaks '' by daniel domscheit-berg i read that wl threatened to sue http://www.theguardian.com/media/2011/feb/10/wikileaks-legal-action-daniel-domscheit-berg did they do it ? 
  soon they will choose what disturbs them more, 
  havent you heard democracy is a sham so lets just go full retard, 
  you see the same promoted by orthodox groups but here they also promote russia as a model and alternative . 
  do they go further like that in poland ? 
  or not yet, 
  i suspect poland will join russia on more and more issues in the future, 
  subtle to not scare away non conspiratard voters, 
   ho are actually employees of a weird and secretive corporation with dubious goals . 
  details ? 
  are they antivaxxers too ? 
  i guess he means it 's a dog whistle term now, 
  thread got buried of course, 
   the meeting is still on , but with the russian orthodox church and three others staying away bulgaria and ? 
  syrian and georgian ? 
  yeah that can explain v4s united stance on brexit, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_action_ ( uk ), 
  by : tom burgis in london the killing of jo cox , the labour mp , has prompted renewed fears of nationalist violence just as british groups normally regarded as extremist have been trying to make common cause with mainstream parties in the eu referendum campaign . 
  in recent years several far-right parties across europe -- including the british national party under the leadership of cambridge-educated nick griffin -- have tried to make themselves more respectable and broaden their appeal . 
  the bnp hit its peak in the 2009 european elections , when it secured 6.2 per cent of the vote and two seats in the european parliament , including one for mr griffin . 
  however , this was followed by a rapid decline and internal splits , with the party losing support to the uk independence party and a group called britain first . 
  the latter , founded by ex-bnp members , is described by the campaign group hope not hate as `` probably the only [ uk ] group experiencing growth on the far-right '' . 
  hard-right groups in the uk often reveal their extremist views overtly . 
  for instance , members of the english defence league , an anti-muslim group prominent in 2009-11 for its provocative street protests , expressed admiration for anders behring breivik , who killed 77 people in norway in 2011 . 
  but the eu referendum campaign has afforded the far-right the chance to make common cause with the anti-europe , anti-immigration ukip and the eurosceptic right of the conservative party -- including , to the horror of those parties , by gatecrashing pro-brexit events . 
  an edl organiser was pictured in may alongside nigel farage , ukip leader . 
  in one image , andrew edge , who in 2013 was sentenced to 21 months in jail for violent disorder after unrest at a protest , poses with mr farage behind a ukip pro-leave placard . 
  ukip said the photographs were taken after an event involving `` hundreds of people '' , adding that it could not be expected to run a profile of everyone who attended . 
  `` there is no association whatsoever [ between ukip and the edl ] , '' a spokesman said . 
  the spokesman added that mr farage had himself faced security risks because of attempts to link him with the far right . 
  vote leave , the official brexit campaign fronted by the senior conservative boris johnson , demanded in may that mark collett , former chair of the bnp youth wing , stop using its official campaign materials . 
  a spokesman for vote leave told the bbc : `` mark collett and his associates are not part of our campaign . '' mr collett rejected the demand , saying on facebook : `` this is a pivotal moment in british politics and a real way nationalists can campaign for something worthwhile . '' leader of the united kingdom independence party ( ukip ) nigel farage poses during a media launch for an eu referendum poster in london , britain june 16 , 2016 . 
  reuters/stefan wermuth \u00a9 reuters at times , the rhetoric of the far-right has been hard to distinguish from that of the mainstream leave groups . 
  last week , the bnp emailed supporters warning that 80m turks were set to `` pour into europe '' . 
  the official leave campaign made an almost identical point in a leaflet it sent to voters , while mr farage 's poster depicted a line of syrian refugees has been highly controversial , with michael gove , justice secretary and another leading eurosceptic , saying he `` shuddered '' when he saw it . 
  asked on sunday by itv 's robert peston whether , following the murder of cox , he felt responsible for stoking hatred , mr farage said he was `` a victim of it '' . 
  he rejected criticism of the poster and warned of terrorists entering europe pretending to be refugees , insisting britain would be `` safer taking back control '' . 
  the leadership of the bnp and of britain first have condemned the killing of cox . 
  but on far-right message boards over the weekend , reaction was mixed . 
  on stormfront , a prominent white nationalist forum , some praised the attack , while others saw it as counter-productive to the leave campaign . 
  in europe , perhaps the most successful example of a reinvented far-right party is france 's national front led by marine le pen . 
  ms le pen has managed to attract the support of more moderate voters by avoiding the anti-semitic outbursts of her father and predecessor , jean-marie le pen . 
  nonetheless , she has continued to rail against immigrants and islam while courting working-class votes with promises to tackle the economic insecurities of globalisation . 
  recent polls have predicted she will come top in the first round of next year 's presidential election . 
  ms le pen , like other european far-right leaders , swiftly sought to distance her party from the killing of cox last week . 
  speaking as the first reports of the incident emerged , ms le pen said it was `` not very decent '' to speculate that the attack was linked to the mp 's support for staying in the eu and her welcoming stance towards migrants . 
  far-right leaders in austria , the netherlands , germany and elsewhere have sought to emulate ms le pen and break with -- or disguise -- their fascist past .
