  they sometimes marry nonroyals it seems, 
  and maybe he can jail them again later anyway, 
   but he does not interfere in the tv 's agenda and it is neutral indeed . 
  but it might be that he wants more market share before doing that . 
  i doubt he cares about market share :d there 's no way he will gain much with his media 's style . 
  there 's either a different reason or he really does n't care about their agenda . 
  did a bit of googling and all i found about this was in tabloid articles and in some even more fringe very unreliable sites and with no sources . 
  wow there really is very little about this guy but tbh there are lots of millionaires here about whom you find little online . 
  they cant all be like becali . 
  i was interested in the vizer bit and i found that he was some sort of vicechampion in judo the putin bit does n't seem to mean something ( actually it may be some bs from from not sure whom to scare people to think he sides with the ` wrong camp ' ) . 
  i follow his media often and i do n't notice anything . . rtish . 
  he sponsored the liberal party actually for the presidentials and klaus ( so far anyway ) is not the versteher type . 
  6 day us visit coming soon btw and the american reaction was very good to him winning . 
  jordan ? 
  i was confused until i checked the username, 
  political prisoners here likely did get bad treatment simply on purpose i remember stories about how some had to eat grass and things like that and got very ill , some died . 
  after years in the work camps eating 400-500 calories/day you either leave with many sicknesses and weighing 50kilos or you die there . 
  no more very hot weather fc astra beat a team in the el in a great way went from 0-2 to 3-2 just in first half steaua losing 0-3 may also be seen as good news  ), 
  back here i guess, 
  balkanese lol, 
  can we call the sovrom stuff crimes ? 
  btw is it true that yugoslavia was first to recognise moldova ? 
  yep sarkozy has a huge fault then, 
   i guess execution was n't the right word though you 're right , yes . 
  that implies something more formal . 
  yes that was my problem i imagined firing squads and i do n't think it happened much if at all . . maybe in special cases hell he was the one executed :d, 
  lol you overestimate how strong those 3 are, 
  still no source for the executions bit lots of arrests and torturing yes and some deaths in the camps, 
  is this coming from fico ? 
  link not working for me, 
   in general , he strikes me as a mao sort of a guy . 
  more like kim he was much inspired by north korea but by china too  but whereas we stopped whisking off people in the night and executing them after stalin died , ceausescu kept doing that throughout his whole career em . . what ? 
  source ? 
  yeah i was really confused for a second there, 
  must be sarcasm :d, 
  lol and i was thinking a republican winning there would be more useful for us, 
  i thought that sweden poll is not reliable, 
  lol respect but not accept sounds deceitful, 
  not yet anyway, 
  rip bike, 
  same policies on russia and nato ? 
  oh yes this totally makes fn votable now, 
  i think there are 2 next year for parliament at the end of the year and in the middle for townhalls and counties, 
  the new defence minister wants moldova to join nato as a long term objective meanwhile in transnistria the russian soldiers had exercises this week with live ammo . 
  btw they have money there to organise military parade events for 2 weeks , their biggest ever , even though they are in very big economic crisis . 
  i 'm guessing moldova is trying to prepare for something nasty in the near future . 
  another interesting thing : the moldovan government has now a minister for integration and it had some sort of closed doors meeting to make plans for making the country full again osce 's 5 +2 negotiations have been blocked by transnistria and the german ambassador proposed a meeting in bavaria, 
   he could simply ask for the support of the opposition but he chose to hold elections instead better than ask for help from pasok and nd you mean ? 
  just asking, 
  well he may have some yes men around him as any self respecting dictator should, 
  the juice, 
  theres a new rumour now that the finance minister and senate are against this blanket raise btw theres also the idea to legalise the money people give as bribes to medics ( which happens very often ) imo the effect on our braindrain will be minimal since it will still be very attractive to leave for medics especially young ones elections next year and lots of spending going up and there will be new very liberal taxing ( heading to 5 % gdp deficit next year - last year 1.9 % - but it doesnt matter to those in power since they will go in opposition and the other dumbasses will have to deal with it and make unpopular rollbacks . 
  this kind of politics happened at least twice last decade ) this wage raise ( and the bribe thing ) was announced btw 1 day before the indicted pm 's visit to prosecutors ' office so it 's likely a smokescreen which seems to be working well, 
  the fun stuff is often at the bottom of the thread, 
  ooh made by the illerminati this also attracted u huh, 
  anybody managed to download the report ? 
  it doesnt load for me, 
  wikileaks is biased and you can find the quotes from the article somewhere else so you have no source for the uk government response, 
   obama 's government asked the uk government for permission to tell russia . 
   the uk government said no . 
  they did it anyway . 
  source ? 
  and a reliable one, 
  it wasnt some sort of perverse thing as the authors try to make it look like, 
  relations with russia were much different 4 years ago that story is bullshit !, 
  http://mediamatters.org/research/2011/02/07/right-wing-media-falsely-claim-obama-betrayed-b/176062 this is bunk . 
  under the 1991 start treaty , the u.s. agreed to notify russia of specific nuclear cooperation with the united kingdom , such as the transfer of slbm 's [ submarine launch ballistic missiles ] to the uk , or their maintenance or modernization . 
  this is under an existing pattern of cooperation throughout that treaty and is expected to continue under new start . 
  we simply carried forward and updated this notification procedure to the new treaty . 
  there was no secret agreement and no compromise of the uk 's independent nuclear deterrent . 
  * state department spokesman p.j. 
  crowley called the report `` nonsense , '' saying the information sharing about u.s. transfers of nuclear weapons to the u.k. dates back to the original start treaty , an assertion backed up by the white house and british government officials . 
  * [ ... ] crowley emailed abc news that `` under the 1991 start treaty , the u.s. agreed to notify russia of specific nuclear cooperation with the united kingdom , such as the transfer of slbm 's to the u.k. , or their maintenance or modernization . 
  this is under an existing pattern of cooperation throughout that treaty and is expected to continue under new start . 
  we simply carried forward and updated this notification procedure to the new treaty . 
  * there was no secret agreement and no compromise of the u.k. 's independent nuclear deterrent . 
  '' * what i am trusting less is wikileaks, 
  was duda ever asked in an interview about the intermarrium ? 
  too weak . 
  russia is still doing the same shit and it will recover in a few years . 
  it 's overrated how strong those are . 
  and it dealt badly with the minsk attemps and helping georgia and moldova see the disappointing riga summit how can i trust an eu military to protect from russia when someone like le pen or sarkozy could become president in france ? 
  or we could get another schroder type in germany, 
  and if needed maybe they will just change the border like we see in georgia now, 
  i trust nato a lot more than an eu military mainly because of the us . 
  europe is under a lot of russian influence . 
  cut out the us from the picture and i do n't see how that will not bring less protection . 
  there are many politicians in the eu that i do n't trust to depend more on when it comes to russia and this kind of politicians seem to grow in power, 
  lol, 
  55 % spain 68 %, 
  in europe mainly where there is big enough romanian minority i notice, 
  we gon na have ours ready in 3 years, 
  i dont think that its bias look here how its the same in brazil , ecuador , etc https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dacia_logan#marketing_and_production they may just sell better with the renault/nissan logo, 
  nobody does that afaik, 
  picnic with sarmale ? 
  bloody hell !, 
   every analist who envisioned russia to succumb to the west within weeks , months was clearly wrong . 
  i do n't know even 1 that thought that . 
  i have just as much trust in your putinists as in their vestehrers, 
  not unlikely to be false there already are/were lots of russian tanks spotted in ukraine http://sled-vzayt.livejournal.com/1730.html,
