  corruption solved !, 
  thats like in china w8 its much worse, 
  usually its like 1/10 that actually come, 
  the government abolished the ordinance but it doesnt seem to have been done properly ( which may mean it can be shut down by the court and waste time which puts into effect the original eo ) , they will still try to push their changes but now through parliament and the government does not want to quit , even fire the justice min . 
  the opposition doesnt want to change power either it seems . 
  anyway there are other problems beside this ie with an older ordinance that was supposed to work together with this last one and allow even more stealing . 
  in part because it doesnt seem to have been done properly ( which may mean it can be shut down by the court and waste time which puts into effect the original eo ) , they will still try to push their changes but now through parliament and the government does not want to quit , even fire the justice min . 
  ive seen a bunch of hungarians with protest messages written in magyar these days together with the rest, 
  btw the local populist party who [ uses ] ( http://www.partidulromaniaunita.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/logo-pru-albastru.jpg ) his imagery supported the amnesty and pardons bills even had this stuff in their party program . 
  they failed to enter parliament and only now seem to be infighting . 
  on the crooked tv they showed the pro-gov ones from the ground and in a small frame so not to see how few they are http://imgur.com/a/9euks http://i.imgur.com/57alk5k.png they are like 50 now when dragnea was bragging that he is struggling to hold back millions from coming a few days ago and he doesnt want to bring them cuz he wants peace and unity . 
  he denied that these guys came brought by the party which is bs . 
  their protesters want the president to be impeached . 
  they are 50 now, 
  one of the more important cities sibiu ( from where the president is ) has like 30 % of its population in the street . 
  the metro in bucharest is no longer stopping in 2 stations cuz of too many ppl ( tho some suspect something pulled by the mayor ), 
  inb4 he gets poisoned like kara-murza, 
   we won a battle . 
  he 's not a retard . 
  he 's an obedient politician and does n't say things like that without being told to . 
  in practice more and more eurosceptic, 
  mici grilled right in the ep chamber lmao, 
  those in power are upset now and seem to be promoting the idea of romania following brexit, 
  it may be a trap, 
  where they may also vote for the pardons bill, 
  you forgot nazis, 
  its already their 3rd attempt why not a 4th after some time, 
  what he said is kinda unclear seems to be bullshit and may just be looking to stall things, 
  if this news was about saudi arabia it would have 4 digits upvotes here or anywhere else on reddit, 
  there is a problem theres a precedent in our law in 1995 for an ordinance that was shown to parliament ( didnt get any approval or anything , they passed it just with government signature ) : it cant actually be revoked . 
  this revoking can be declared later as unconstitutional and by then it will be too late ( we have a period of like 6days left until the ordinance fully applies - some shit in it already did and it is damaging terrorism and similar cases - and if it does even for a second it will be used by judges even though it may all get scrapped later ) others think the precedent isnt the same thing as the problem now . 
  the thing is the revoking by the government must still be published in the official monitor for it to work which again is controlled by the gov ( their ordinance went there in record time ) and it can be delayed . 
  its quite messy from a law pov . 
  there may be other scheming not yet figured out . 
  you just cant trust these guys at all , they already lied a lot . 
  the protests this weekend may be even bigger which is something he wants to lessen so he tries to defuse it with these things, 
  atm its likely just a trap, 
  those skinheads look like party members, 
   but most of all it was a international political castration of the uk . 
  great job , agent corbyn . 
  he flipflopped again later after that, 
  if it does it quick enough ( the official monitor can also delay the publishing of the decision ) and with a particular kind of decision most of the court judges are likely to vote in a way favorable to the crooks . 
  they are named politically btw . 
  there 's also something to be decided in a lower court ... 
  i wouldnt be surprised if crooks in other countries are watching and learning, 
  either that or maidan, 
  some small opposition is left to be to give the appearance , to some degree , of it being a democracy . 
  you have like 2-3 times the population and reformed earlier and more thoroughly after the dictatorship, 
  they still get money for their big projects ie from the capitals mayor who is psd, 
  one of the usual suspects so quick to deny the obvious, 
   in a country that started enlightenment . 
  circles need to be completed and it has to end where it started, 
  safe space, 
  the crooks in power may actually like this, 
  i dont think there ever were psd supporters on reddit, 
  yeah and the source is swiss state media radio, 
  its a wonder how this party was not dissolved its one big organised crime group, 
   its either pass this ordinance or die there was a high rank member of psd ( ex leader , ex pm ) a few years ago who tried to kill himself after he was given prison sentence now he 's some kind of icon figure for the crooked . 
  big promoter of important foreign policy switching . 
   just how left wing is this ` social democrat ' party ? 
  i its statist ( unless it can get a fat bribe from privatising ) and its quite conservative with what would seem alt-right leanings, 
  so far there are like 2/3s fewers ( or half ) people than yesterday the agitators likely scared many, 
  where is that in ukraine ? 
  yes the other speaker is someone you see often in the media belonging to a jailed mogul ( who wants the pardons bill to pass ) and which was used to blackmail cable providers among other bullshit, 
  he says it here from 00:48 http://www.srf.ch/news/international/wird-rumaenien-zur-bananenrepublik-europas it seems to be his voice with the usual english i 'd expect from him is this media unreliable ? 
  later tonight there may be even more violent agitators tho, 
  some wonder if the minister can be accused of high treason or have his party dissolved there may be reason for the dissolving bit, 
  even socialdem voters disagree with all this and romania is still one of the more europhile countries if not now then when ? 
  it will be only worse later tomorrow its rumoured that they will dismantle the anticorruption and antimoneylaundering agencies to reorganise them and pick a new chief, 
  part of the eu money is actual uk money, 
  same in romania with a party who allied with a polish populist accused of being a spy for russia, 
  and the sky bit with the kinder eggs, 
  trump has inner conflict with some republicans who still wield influence over him, 
  they think they are fighting justice abuses and soros, 
  protests have turned violent the football hooligans or w/e agitators they are ( they are masked ) joined and attacked the gendarmes , now there 's tear gas and fights . 
  could also be youth party members cuz very dubious ones tend to join . 
  sources say the yare hooligans from dinamo and rapid clubs which are owned by people ( even from the old commie secret police ) from the same party in power and they also have law problems requiring the penal codes changes to pass , pardons too . 
  there 's like 40 or more of them but the initial group was much smaller it seems to have calmed down after a few mins but the protest might end soon cuz there is pretext so clear everyone now actually the gendarmes are backing away , most protesters have done that too . 
  ppl applauding . 
  the morons are in a big empty space in the middle and keep throwing bottles and stuff . 
  the gendarmerie 's official say is that everyone has to leave . 
  doesnt seem to be happening yet . 
  idk where the bottles are coming from . 
  they had them with them . 
  it 's gon na be over soon . 
  yeah you italian ? 
  he was suspected to be an agent of external secret agencies spying in italy on the prosecutor assigned to yugoslavia becuz of the war there years ago he classified the records by ordinance ( he loved to abuse this method ) so nobody can actually know . 
  it applies to his father in law too who supposedly worked for the communist one . 
  the current pm has some ties here too . 
  you forgot canine shills yea they said people got paid extra money if they had a dog, 
   and this was on a workday on purpose they waited for the weekend to be over, 
  idk they are talking about counterprotests idk where they would even go cuz the main squares are full . 
  in the stadium ?? 
  the weather is bad , their voters are old and unlikely to move even paid . 
  the party has inner conflict becuz most of the ones in government are from the same region . 
  what they did is unpopular even with their voters the president wanted a referendum but now they rushed this so its pointless . 
  they were scared of the vote . 
  its probably just bs to scare people with possible conflict . 
  they already are framing a violent coup mindset . 
  trials go very slow here , less slow than before but it can still take a year or two .
