  on a recent morning , ayaan hassan ali , a 16-year-old recently arrived from somalia , was sitting in a modern classroom , with blue chairs and bright wood paneling on the walls . 
  in one corner , there was a large flat-screen tv , in another , a map of the world , and in the back , a couple of bookshelves filled with dictionaries : swedish-arabic , swedish-russian , and swedish-tigrinya among them . 
  ayaan spends almost every afternoon studying at home so she can come to class well prepared . 
  after two months in school , she says she still has a hard time speaking swedish , but her reading and writing have improved considerably . 
  `` i want to be done with the language introduction by the end of this year , '' she said . 
  her aim is to earn a middle-school diploma as quickly as possible , so that she will be able to begin high school and eventually study engineering at a university . 
  it is an ambitious plan . 
  `` some of them complete it in a year , '' said veronica suskic , the headmaster in charge of the introductory program . 
  `` but very few . '' ayaan 's main challenge might not be her own motivation but her fellow students -- and a school system under strain from the steady arrival of new immigrants . 
  ayaan is one of only two girls in her class of about 20 . 
  ( it 's a number in constant flux , ayaan 's teacher , thomas engqvist , said , since new kids come all the time , while others `` move , get deported , some just disappear . '' ) many of the boys arrive to sweden as unaccompanied minors , most of them from afghanistan . 
  the others in the class are from albania , eritrea , kyrgyzstan , poland , somalia , and tajikistan . 
  `` it 's a difficult environment in which to teach , '' engqvist said . 
  `` the testosterone level is pretty high , and their level of education tends to vary a lot . 
  and then we have the whole world in the class -- you get mini wars , conflicts that sometimes boil over . '' the situation shows no sign of letting up . 
  with a wry smile , engqvist quoted a colleague who said that , `` as long as there are wars in the world , we have a job . '' and there are always wars , he pointed out -- `` right now , in syria . '' that day , the class spent several hours reading aloud a simple text over and over . 
  after they had finished , the teacher turned to the class to test them on vocabulary . 
  `` modig , '' he asked , using the swedish word for brave . 
  `` does anyone know what modig means ? '' silence . 
  `` okay , it 's when you do something even though you 're afraid to do it . 
  does anyone have an example of being modig ? '' `` it 's like when a small guy picks a fight with a big guy , '' one of the afghan boys , 17-year-old sadiq , said . 
  like most of the afghanis in the class , sadiq had arrived alone , after passing through some ten countries on the way . 
  `` yes !, 
  but he has to be afraid , '' the teacher said . 
  `` otherwise he 's just stupid . 
  someone else ? '' ahmad , one of the somali boys , tried telling a story about how he was fleeing his home in somalia and crossed a river filled with crocodiles . 
  but the gap between his halting swedish vocabulary and the sheer horror he wished to express was too wide , and the teacher was unable to follow along . 
  instead , he asked , `` ayaan , is being modig something good ? '' ayaan looked down into her book , thinking hard . 
  `` yes , '' she said in her deep voice , a voice that makes her seem older than she actually is . 
  `` for example , when you dare to do a test even when you 're afraid you will fail . '' she paused . 
  `` or when you speak up , even though you do n't want to . '' later in the day , the class had a discussion about jobs . 
  sadiq , the 17-year-old afghan boy , asked me if being a journalist was a good job . 
  after being told that becoming a lawyer or studying economics would be better if we wanted to make money , he nodded absent-mindedly . 
  `` how about welding ? 
  is that good ? '' it turned out that he 'd been a welder since the age of five . 
  he looked proud . 
  `` you 'll always have to build things , do n't you ? '', 
  cont until the mid-1990s , the sweden democrats were a party of militant skinheads in black uniforms . 
  its xenophobic message is unchanged , but today the group presents itself as sweden 's only reliable guardian of the welfare state . 
  a television ad released by the party for the 2010 elections depicts an ethnically swedish retiree hobbling forward while a hoard of muslim women in burqas greedily charge past to grab money from the national coffers . 
  the choice , a voice-over explains , is to `` cut money from immigration budgets , or from pensions . '' this messaging plays into the worries of many swedes that the welfare state is increasingly fragile . 
  over the past two decades , the size of sweden 's welfare state has shrunk . 
  public spending has fallen from its peak of 67 percent of the gdp in 1993 to 52 percent today , as taxes have been cut quite drastically : as a percentage of the gdp , overall taxes have gone down from 51.4 percent in 2000 to 44.3 percent in 2012 . 
  both services and benefits have been cut -- most notably unemployment benefits -- and big parts of the welfare sector have been opened to private , profit-making companies . 
  in international economic circles , this has been hailed as a new `` nordic model '' -- a lean but well-financed and still generous state . 
  but for many swedes , the cutbacks carry a clear sense of loss . 
  and , increasingly , some swedes seem inclined to blame immigrants for that feeling . 
  in the 2010 elections , the sweden democrats earned 5.7 percent of the vote , enough to enter parliament . 
  post-election surveys clearly showed that the party got most of its support from working-class male swedes -- the group , apart from immigrants , hit hardest by the shrinking supply of low-skill jobs . 
  today , as the next general elections in september draw closer , most opinion polls show the sweden democrats at close to ten percent . 
  a recent survey showed that about 30 percent of young male members of landsorganisationen , sweden 's largest trade union , support the party . 
  thus far , the government has carefully avoided dealing with the party , and no one expects this to change after the coming elections . 
  but as the party grows , the lure of the policies that the sweden democrats espouse clearly grows with it . 
  using a megaphone rami al-khamisi is a fierce-looking young man , with close-cropped hair and a physique shaped by regular visits to the local gym . 
  but he is no delinquent -- quite the opposite . 
  he 's in his second year as a law student at stockholm university , and in recent years , an organization he helped found , megafonen ( `` the megaphone '' ) , has emerged as one of the most notable community organizations in stockholm 's suburbs . 
  unlike the swedes who think of immigrants as the cause of recent tensions rippling through swedish society , al-khamisi blames the tax cuts , privatizations , and cutbacks to the welfare state . 
  as we walked through the neighborhood , rami seemed to know pretty much everybody . 
  meeting some teenage boys hanging out in a doorway , rami shook hands . 
  `` what 's up , '' he said . 
  `` you on your way to school ? '' ( it 's a question with an uncertain answer : in husby , 19 percent of the 15-year-olds do n't have the grades to earn placement in high school . ), 
  as we reached a footbridge near his building , rami pointed to a low-slung yellow building with peeling paint and darkened windows . 
  inside , you could see furniture strewn about , like someone had left in a hurry . 
  `` this used to be the yellow house , a place for kids to hang out , '' rami said , peering through the broken blinds . 
  `` it 's been closed for five , six years . 
  there was another place as well , called the barn , that closed ten years ago . 
  they used to arrange all kinds of things . 
  in the summer , we went out into the stockholm archipelago , camping and stuff . 
  in the winter , we went skiing in fj\u00e4llen -- the mountains up north . 
  now , there 's almost nothing . '' `` i think the politicians might understand that kids here need something to do , '' rami continued . 
  `` but they do n't live here , they do n't know our reality , so they do n't realize what it does to the neighborhood when they board up places like this . 
  most kids here do n't have their own rooms ; they live six , seven people in a two - or three-bedroom apartment . 
  so where do you hang out ? 
  at mcdonald 's , feeling like a bum ? 
  you know what happens ? 
  they 'll start looking for some action . '' listening to rami , it is easy to get a dark view of sweden 's future . 
  he sees -- as does the immigrant-turned-economist sanandaji -- a whole generation of `` lost kids '' in areas like husby , boys with an immigrant background who are at risk of never truly becoming part of society . 
  but that 's not because they 're not integrated into swedish culture . 
  `` most of the kids who rioted were born here and speak no other language than swedish , '' he said . 
  `` so what exactly should we integrate into ? '' what rami sees instead is a generation that , lacking education and real jobs , feels excluded from the possibility of ever having a voice in swedish society . 
  `` i 'm sorry to say , but there are so many here that are already on the wrong path , '' he said . 
  `` i do n't know what it 'll take for the politicians to realize that the segregation you see here -- it 's a problem for all people in sweden . 
  because this is our country , too . '' an immigrant country the politician in charge of trying to solve this peculiarly swedish puzzle -- at least until the september elections -- is erik ullenhag , the integration minister . 
  since 2006 , the swedish government has been a center-right coalition under conservative prime minister fredrik reinfeldt . 
  but the 41-year-old ullenhag is a member of the liberal party , and his politics on immigration do n't deviate from the swedish establishment consensus that straddles both the left and the right and argues that the country 's open immigration policies should be kept in place . 
  in 2010 , after the swedish democrats earned a place in parliament , the reinfeldt government made a point of agreeing to an immigration deal with the green party that guaranteed just that . 
  `` we deal with this differently than in most other european countries , '' ullenhag said . 
  `` it 's about showing political leadership . 
  instead of adjusting our policies to the sweden democrats , we stand up for being open and tolerant . 
  we 're a small and rich country ; we should take our share of responsibility in the world . 
  and we think that if people who come here get jobs and become part of swedish society , there is a lot of support for the idea that people should be able to continue coming to sweden . '' ullenhag points to surveys showing that swedes have become more positively inclined toward immigration in the past decade . 
  and he insists that , in the medium term , there are clear economic benefits to immigration . 
  `` in 20 to 25 years , i think we will see a situation where this openness has been very good for sweden , '' ullenhag said . 
  `` it 'll make us stronger in this globalized world . '' but he admits that there are challenges -- above all , with education and jobs . 
  `` the big integration challenge is that too few of the recently arrived have jobs . 
  and it 's true that a lot of the simpler jobs have disappeared from the labor market in the past few decades . 
  but we think other sectors , like the service sector , can fill these gaps . '' to that end , the government has put in place a number of reforms to ease entry to the job market -- ullenhag points to tax subsidies to domestic services and a focus on vocational training in school . 
  but so far , they do n't seem to have put a serious dent in the high unemployment numbers . 
  but economics aside , ullenhag admits that swedish society will have a problem as long as swedish citizens do n't recognize that they need to alter their own sense of national identity . 
  `` sweden is an immigrant country today , as much as the united states or canada , '' he said .
