  toompea is under attack ! '' . 
  estonian civilians immediately arrive to the scene and block the russians in the courtyard . 
  estonians start singing banned national songs in unison . 
  they wave the banned flags of blue black and white . 
  the crowd parts into two , forming a corridor from which the russians leave , ashamed with their heads bowed down and dragging their red flags behind them . 
  nobody was injured . 
  there were no other protests following that . 
  years later . 
  governement is relocating a soviet war memorial from the city center to the military graveyard . 
  russians protest this . 
  the protests turn violent . 
  despite the protesting and looting which lasted days and was the worst that has been seen here since wwii , the statue was relocated . 
  russians , angry that the statue was relocated , try to claim human rights violation multiple times from european courts . 
  the police or the governement are found not guilty of any of the charges . 
  some time later , estonian embassy is attacked in moscow . 
  estonians do n't retaliate . 
  the statue still stays in the military graveyard and there have been no protests since . 
  liberty and independence are best achieved and kept with peaceful means . 
  national heroes should not be soldiers , but people of culture and science . 
  like the show `` friends '' . 
  when we write foreign words in their original orthography or in a foreign transcribtion , we write them in cursive and pronounce them as close as possible to the original language . 
  we call these quote-words . 
  words like * reality-show * and * cum laude * . 
  yeah , i think it used to be * \u0161ahmatt * or something , but they changed it to * male * in the 30s , during the language preservation programme . 
  it 's derived from * malev * , meaning `` battleforce '' or `` battlegroup '' . 
  i 've seen so many people writing * finish * instead of * fini\u0161 * and * rezhiss\u00f6\u00f6r * instead of * re\u017eiss\u00f6\u00f6r * . 
  this is not allowed by the estonian language institute and regarded an orthographic flaw , but a lot of people use it . 
  it 's a part of the `` anglo-mania '' going on - but language and orthography change in time and we have to adapt to the influences from english . 
  and these two weird letters : \u0161 , \u017e . 
  these do n't exist in estonian , but are used to write down foreign words ( usually loanwords ) phonetically . 
  for example : genre = \u017eanr , finish = fini\u0161 . 
  also z , in exemplia : zebra = zebra , zoo-ologist = zooloog . 
  and the erki nool homophobia controversy . 
  [ with a moustache she looks exactly like hitler ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qokc7a3.png ), 
  we got these packages too for a little while . 
  rice , macaronies , flour , oatmeal etc. 
  there are around 115 women for 100 men in estonia . 
  girls are preferred and supported more than boys in education . 
  the percentage of college students varies greatly between the genders , women are the majority . 
  the percentage of high school graduates are much higher among women as well . 
  men die much earlier than women and suffer more violent deaths , illnesses and alcoholism is more prevalent among men . 
  men are forced to do mandatory military service 8-11 months and then periodical re-training until they 're too old to serve , while women are not forced to do anything for the country . 
  all the while some women are protesting the wage gap between genders , which has been proven to be false . 
  getting real tired of your shit , russia . 
  check the flag beside the name - estonia . 
  maybe in russia . 
  in my country , only around 20 % of people admit following any particular religion . 
  and the majority of them are lutherian . 
  there 's something to be said about the countries which were under an oppressive regime 20 years ago and their views on homosexuality . 
  homosexuality was punished by law in the ussr . 
  it was brainwashed into people that homosexuality was deviance . 
  luckily homosexuality has been legal ever since the collapse . 
  it is bad that many people feel threatened by it for some fucking reason . 
  nothing to do with development , just a correlation . 
  see : anton hansen tammsaare 's `` truth and justice '' . 
  linguistically speaking , we 're very close to finnish and german . 
  the vast majority of our borrowed word roots come from middle or high german ( well over 90 % by some estimates ) . 
  these are not very well visible to the ordinary person , but they are there ( words like kelder , r\u00fc\u00fctel , laskma , tuba , kaunis , tuvi etc ) . 
  borrowed roots make up around 45 % to 55 % of our word roots , so that means a lot of our words are german by origin . 
  there is a lot of mistrust and fear against russia . 
  we are scared and trepid too often . 
  the minstry of justice website states that there 's an average of 100 murders per year in estonia . 
  they also add that the vast majority of these are commited between people who know each other and almost exclusively under the influence of alcohol . 
  watching crime reports on tv , it 's almost always about how ivan and vladimir are sitting in a russian ghetto and drinking . 
  ivan takes the last sip of vodka and vladimir kills ivan in a fit of rage over the last sip . 
  this is my subjective experience . 
  the prisons are mostly populated with russian nationals as well . 
  i do n't want to encourage hate or anything , but this is sadly how it is here due to a variety of social-economic reasons . 
  it * is * embarrassing for some :(, 
  something about some muslim thing/black thing/some other ethnicity or race is depicted in the western world - instant racism . 
  western world depicts only white people 's things - instant racism . 
  conclusion : white people are naturally racists , therefore it is racist to discriminate against their racism . 
  and they saw that it was good . 
  and on the seventh day they rested . 
  i do n't understand the mentality with these guys . 
  why are they doing this ? 
  not all vegetarians are the same . 
  some value animals as much as humans , some slightly less and some are just hipster hypocrites ( which you think is the majority ) . 
  while those kind of people might not value animals quite as much as humans , they still value them more than the rest of humanity . 
  imagine humans in all three scenarios you provided . 
  for people who value animals as much as humans , this is why they do n't eat meat . 
  there 's nothing wrong with hunting in my opinion . 
  except when it 's done for fun and the meat and furs are n't used . 
  hunter-gatherers rely heavily on hunting and that is totally okay . 
  i think that 's in northern latvia . 
  at first i thought it was in estonia as well and i thought they were the setus , but their flag is completely different . 
  the mayor of tallinn is a well known corrupt politician who takes hand-outs from the russian governement . 
  he constantly does publicity things like this . 
  he wastes money on things like this , when at the same time , the kindergartens in tallinn are in grave disrepair . 
  he always tries to win the votes of russians and old folks . 
  old folks usually use public transport . 
  that 's why this is happening , not because he 's a great mayor or something . 
  he has been so shamed by the media for his corrupt ways that he has almost ceased to appear in interviews . 
  oh , but he has his own television channel ( tallinn 's television ) , which is kept up on tax payer 's money . 
  it 's a propaganda channel full of bullshit . 
  he has no problems appearing on there often . 
  the reason why he 's still relevant in politics is because the russians and old people vote for him , because they are basically the only ones who still believe in his demagogy . 
  a discussion about passing a law that legally requires politicians to have an ethic code . 
  weather . 
  christmasy stuff : taking care of homeless people , charities , etc.
