  even the flag . 
  redania is more like the uk . 
  more like wizima , though . 
   teaching russian at schools they do teach russian in estonian schools , though . 
  and they teach estonian to russians as well . 
  but when you do n't have any acquaintances to practice your language skills with , it 's really hard to actually learn it . 
  i 'm guessing catalonians and spanish intermingled a lot , did n't they ? 
  well , the estonian and russian communities intermingling is a rarity here , sadly . 
  it 's a damn shame . 
  geographical isolation is a bitch here : russians have their own parts of cities or even a whole russian city and estonian have their own . 
  the russians outside of these `` russian '' parts actually integrate very well into the estonian society . 
  downvotes for asking a question : / anyway , the thing is that russian effectively already is the second language , because everything a russian resident has to do involving the government , legal stuff and healthcare is available in russian for them . 
  i mean i would n't see the harm in having an ethnic russian who was born in estonia getting citizenship without a language test . 
  how often are they going to use estonian in narva , really ? 
  but the idea behind the language test is to make sure they are integrated into estonia . 
  but i do n't think that 's a very viable test by its own . 
  you can have russians who speak near impeccable estonian and who * loathe * estonia . 
  and you can have russians who barely speak estonian who love estonia . 
  it 's not a good marker of integration by itself , to be honest . 
  another issue that you 're forgetting is nationalism . 
  estonian has a million speakers in the entire world . 
  making russian ( a language with ~ 165 times more speakers ! ), 
  a second language would be perceived by many as a threat to the already fading estonian identity . 
  many equate it with what happened during the soviet era , which really decimated the estonian cultural identity . 
  right now , whether or not we like it , or whether its of a geopolitical significance , ethnic identity is the basis for most of the sovereign countries in europe . 
  without that , estonia would less likely be a sovereign country and more likely a puppet state or a federal state of russia . 
  russians constitute a 24 % minority in estonia . 
  they do n't consume estonian media ( we even have a russian-language tv channel , newspapers , news shows , news sites etc for them ) . 
  they do n't associate with estonians and estonians do n't associate with them ( unless forced to , i.e. 
  workplace friends and such ) . 
  they live in their own neighborhoods ( or in the case of ida-virumma , their own towns ) . 
  they consume only russian-run media . 
  most of them believe that estonian independence is unjustified ( while still enjoying living here more than in russia ) . 
  the vast majority of them believe an alternative russian narrative of history , meaning that estonia is an inherently fascist country . 
  no , really , many of them call estonians fascists . 
  there 's no integration . 
  and because of this , there 's a massive ghettofication going on with the russian communities - that is , if you want to be successful , you essentially become an estonian . 
  this means that the smartest , most motivated , most compromising minds leave the communities , leaving behind the impoverished , unemployed and unintelligent to fend for themselves . 
  just handing them citizenship is n't going to do much . 
  they can still work and get healthcare and protection as residents . 
  but the issues with the esto-russian relations here run much , much deeper than merely citizenship . 
  a lot of ethnic russians refused citizenship after estonia re-gained independence . 
  so a lot of russians simply do n't have citizenship , even the ones born and raised in estonia ( blame their parents ) . 
  and now it 's harder for them to apply , because they have to pass a language test . 
  only the city hall , which is in great disrepair and the castle on the river bank remain . 
  also a hospital , i think . 
  the rest is gone . 
  it was one of the prettiest cities in estonia before the war . 
  the thing is : russians in narva prefer living in estonia more than in russia . 
  they regularly cross the border ( for alcohol , tobacco , medicine etc ) and happen to see how it 's like on the other side . 
  it 's not great . 
  they know they have more opportunities , freedoms and a better life quality here , even if they 're not citizens . 
  the reason narva got turned into a russian city is because of the oil shale mines and electricity plants there . 
  but narva was destroyed in the war . 
  it was n't purposefully demolished . 
  oudekki loone as well seems to continue the keskerakond 's main line of `` russians first '' politics . 
  now i know she does n't directly spread her cheeks for kremlin , but come on , her previously working with the \u00d6ine vahtkond and her obsession with the 9th may celebrations clearly paints a picture of where her alliances truly are . 
  she 's very buddy-buddy with that yana toom as well . 
  the whole party is just still going with the same pro-russian battleplan . 
  time and time again they 've pushed out the non-kneebenders out of the levers of power together with the same pro-kremlin bunch . 
  it 's shady as hell . 
  or am i being paranoid here ? 
  we have plenty of other similar guys who are gaining traction . 
  vive la france !, 
  vive la france !, 
  together we are stronger . 
  nope , eastern europe is seeing a surge in far-right nationalism as well right now . 
   1 : illegal content, 
  the statue was n't taken down , it was placed in the [ military cemetery ] ( http://photos.wikimapia.org/p/00/03/87/51/09_big.jpg ) . 
  as good as it was of the russians to fight against nazi germany ( and do n't think we 're unappreciative of this ) , we , estonians , generally feel that the `` sacred '' red army could 've achieved all that without all the rampant raping , slaughtering , deportations , and you know , 50 years of a subsequent foreign dictatorship that crippled our country . 
  also , we do n't really think it was all that necessary to annex our country and begin committing atrocities here before the war even started . 
  ** edit ** i did n't see / u/szkwarek had replied to me before editing . 
  read his edit to see what i had initially written . 
  i also stand by my i initial point , but not my tone , which was offensive and strongly negative . 
  the worst genocide in europe was done in the name of nationalism 70 years ago . 
  just 22 years ago we had a genocide in europe , because of nationalism . 
  that 's a study done in 1989 . 
  can you please give me a slightly newer study , preferably a metanalysis ? 
  because [ fao/who ] ( http://apps.who.int/iris/bitstream/10665/38133/1/9251030979_eng.pdf ) criticize the methodology and arrive to different conclusions in 1991 . 
  you mentioned hundreds of other studies , so i assume you have more sources . 
  i genuinely want to read them . 
  also that 's a rat trial , the relevance of which to the human diet [ is questioned ] ( https://doi.org/10.1017/s0029665199000348 ) as results have differed between rats and humans ( p 253 , 256 ) . 
  [ you measure up to any of these people ? 
  ] ( http://www.greatveganathletes.com/bodybuilders ) [ or any of these ? 
  ] ( http://www.greatveganathletes.com/strength ), 
  just to add to / u/dubai-ka-chashma 's [ comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/65321o/the_netherlands_government_is_considering_placing/dg7cdgp/ ) . 
  cows , pigs , chicken do n't live off air . 
  you need to feed them . 
  to grow a cow for several years , you need * a lot * of land to grow their feed . 
  you need * a lot * of water to grow their feed . 
  you need * a lot * of time . 
  and you will produce a significant amount of more greenhouse gases while doing it . 
  and you will pollute rivers . 
  the land , the amount of water , and the the amount of time to grow one kilogram of plant protein is times and times less than the land it takes to grow one kilogram of animal protein . 
  if we ate less animals we would actually be doing the exact opposite of what you 're saying . 
  cut out the middle man and eat the plants yourself . 
  we would have more land , clean water , food and we would pollute less . 
  we could use the fields we used to use for their feed to grow our own food ( because there will be less farm animals who need the feed ) . 
  for example , in the us alone , more than 70 % of grain in the plant-based agricultural sector is used to feed farm animals . 
  you do n't have to quit eating animals altogether to make a change .
