  imo estonia is culturally eastern europe . 
  christians are becoming a real problem in estonia right now . 
  fighting against equal rights literally . 
  i do n't want people to die , i want everyone to have the right to live wherever they want . 
  away from murder , violence and war . 
  that subreddit makes it vividly clear what it 's like over there . 
  it pains me to see what being disconnected from reality does to people 's views on politics/worldview . 
  thank you for making me unsubscribe from / r/europe . 
  we need stricter borders . 
  they ca n't possibly adopt our culture . 
  literally hordes of priests prowling the streets and raping western children !, 
  they 're gon na come in anyway . 
  would you have them sneak in without any checks at all ? 
  i am so severely disappointed in my country . 
  i feel absolutely hopeless to change anything for the better . 
  estonia can into nordic !, 
  fuck that bullshit , we 're eastern european through and through . 
  bigoted alcoholic drug addicts with hiv . 
  no way is that law gon na pass , there 's too many retards here . 
  the price has been low for * us * . 
  sticking our nose in there again will only fuck things up more . 
  we sure toppled a dictator , but because of us there 's a new regime 100 times worse . 
  we ca n't morally justify a new invasion . 
  if our resounding success comes at the expence of invading foreign countries then we should re-evaluate who our allies really are . 
  we sure made the region more stable . 
  because of us the daesh really unified and restored peace in the region . 
  just what we need . 
  apparently we learned nothing from the last 15 years . 
  [ estonia then and now ] ( https://youtu.be/m9pdtdpwk_i ) everything has been destroyed by war and then rebuilt . 
  it 's been like this for centuries . 
  we 're just a battlefield of pointless giants . 
  russia keeps on toting about how russians in estonia are under-represented and how the estonian education system is forcefully trying to estonify our russians , when in reality the situation in russia is far worse . 
  for instance , you can do state exams in russian in estonia . 
  that is not the case for russia as all school exams have to be done in russian . 
  but at the same time , a lot of russians in estonia ( even second or third generation ) ca n't get citizenship just because they do n't speak estonian . 
  the fact of the matter is that no matter what perspective or ` side ' you take , everything is fucked up , nothing ever gets better and it 's just easier to remain a nihilist . 
   where is the pride , self determination and identity of the members of the federation ? 
  violently and institutionally repressed . 
  this thread will get minimal attention as it brings out our own fault in the refugee/migrant crisis . 
  never too soon . 
  our governements also violate basic human rights . 
  we just hide it better . 
   potatoes and sunflowers confirmed slav . 
  what 's up with all these people not being able to speak english ? 
  it 's so bizzare . 
  i 've known people who were born in the late 40s in estonia who can speak english , having only learnt it after the collapse . 
  if your occupation needs you to speak english , you should learn english or get the fuck out of that position . 
   force estonians to learn russian i never said that . 
  pragmatically speaking we already have a duolingual country - all state communication is also available in russian . 
  why not grant citizenship then ? 
  we already have a huge population of estonian citizens who ca n't speak estonian . 
  that would n't have mattered , though . 
  people of the world would n't have seen it like that . 
  til belgium , germany and france are poor . 
  besides , it 's not about money , it 's about who 's closest to russia ( ee ) and who would want to see a strong europe ( the three aforementioned ) . 
  the usual anti-eu countries are obviously against the military and already have their own union ( nordic battlegroup ) . 
  if the battlegroup were to spend more % of their gdp on military they would actually be worth of something . 
  right now it 's carried by sweden basically . 
  estonia is also in that group , but we spend the highest % of our gdp on military in that group . 
  in fact we 're the only country in that group that follows the nato minimum of expenditure on military . 
  neutrality is why we were able to declare independence again . 
  if we would 've asked for german help then the idea that `` russia liberated us from fascism '' would actually apply . 
  but thanks to our neutrality we were neutral countries that were violently subdued . 
  it 's sad that our independence nowadays comes through hypocrisy . 
  now we 're the ones violently subduing other countries . 
  but that 's what military alliance and the cost of `` safety '' is , i guess . 
  i am ashamed . 
  i 'm just saying that the draft system is why our army is bad . 
  the estonian `` army '' is a pathetic joke . 
  estonia has the draft system . 
  it 's shit and does n't work . 
  people were/are still very vehemently against ee countries being in the union , so i 'm sorry if my belief in actual military help is a bit shaky . 
   institutional racism careful now . 
  i 've gotten attacked so many times , because apparently it 's not a real thing and scientists are all liars . 
  got ta love reddit !, 
  yeah , but those were western countries . 
  nobody looks out for us . 
  we are all going to die , 
  and it 's all the more surprising to find native europeans who speak english like an american . 
  i regularly speak to quite a few germans on teamspeak and it varies . 
  a few people definitely speak like that . 
  it 's a bit surprising to find that a lot of the `` stereotypical '' accents actually occur among different ethnicities , though rarely . 
  but inside he 's calm and ready . 
  to drop bombs , but he keeps on forgetting what he wrote on twitter , whole europe goes so loud . 
  he opens his mouth , but the words wo n't come out . 
  he 's choking , how ? 
  everybody 's joking now . 
  that 's weird . 
  i started reading the books because of the games . 
  because geralt stopped being a witcher in blood and wine . 
  a game about saskia would be sweet too . 
  it 's still possible , god damn it !, 
  it can be about lambert , eskel , ciri or vesemir . 
  ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ let ^ ^ ^ me ^ ^ ^ have ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ least . 
  if you vote for far-right , you do n't only vote for anti-immigration . 
  you also vote anti-abortion and against other civil liberties . 
  it 's not a human being . 
  you ca n't really draw a line between abortions and violent crime . 
  it 's essentially a collection of cells or just tissue . 
  where do you draw the cut-off line ?
