  just cutting back on animal products will make an impact . 
  every year , across many developed countries , animal agriculture is going down , because people are eating less animals . 
  there 's this argument floating around that one of the main reasons for the deforestation of rainforests is that they need more agricultural land . 
  yes , there is a significant problem with the deforestation of rainforests for the purpose of growing food . 
  nearly 80 % of global deforestation is caused by this . 
  but what they fail to mention is that nearly all of that agricultural land is used for pastures and animal feed , not food for humans . 
  [ lenda , juri gagarin ] ( https://youtu.be/crjlhoozze0 ), 
  sorry , guys . 
  looks like we 're gon na be on the wrong side of history with this one . 
  baltics are in northern europe !, 
  i am worried about racism in this subreddit as well , but what exactly is wrong with posting articles about certain minorities commiting crimes ? 
  should we censor this subreddit on the off-chance that people might fuel their racist views with the content ? 
  america is free , everyone else is a communazist or a ( god forbid ! ), 
  muslim . 
  good and short answer , cited sources ... 
  this is why i love r/europe . 
  well done . 
  if we said yes , could you imagine rt headlines ? 
   `` estonia to help set forth new nazi laws ''  `` having slaughtered all their jews in wwii , estonia now thirsts for israel '' et cetera . 
  it 'd be a fucking field day for our dearest eastern neighbour . 
  that and also the fact that our current governement is so far up usa 's ass that you 'd need a crowbar to get them out . 
  why were all of them young piece of shit thugs ? 
  the few old people that appeared seemed to treat them just fine . 
  there 's no troll like the american troll . 
  good show , you yankee chap . 
  i can now speak about my own country only . 
  we may have nazi-glorifiers here , but we sure as hell ca n't see them anywhere . 
  they do n't have gatherings , they do n't have marches , they do n't erect monuments , they do n't spread nazi literature . 
  sometimes we see one or two crazy people protest some soviet war monument or something , or someone insignificant making an insensitive joke about the holocaust ( always followed by an apology of course ) , but that 's about it . 
  the only relatively `` good guys '' were the estonian waffen ss guys , who were found not guilty in n\u00fcrenberg by the usa . 
  they did not partake in ethnic cleansing . 
  they were only raised to fight the soviets around the baltics . 
  the nazis were considered vile assholes most of the time - the klooga extermination camp had guard revolts , because the former members of the estonian police were forced to guard it . 
  a battle broke out between the guards and the german ss when the retreating german forces wanted to execute the prisoners . 
  remember how in the 30s the governement tired to make all estonians de-germanize their names and how the cultural life was full of anti- ( balto ) german propaganda ? 
  this continued even after the war . 
  granted , it was forced by the soviets by then , but it was the same sentiment of seeing germans as the enslavers of estonians . 
  also , before the nazi invasion , estonia shipped thousands of jews to sweden for refuge . 
  sadly many remained and were murdered by the nazis . 
  the only time nazis were `` greeted '' was right after the 1941 deportations - the nazis promised to reinstate independent estonia and drove off the soviets who had shown the true terror of stalin . 
  the nazis were greeted by some people on the streets . 
  the promise of independence turned out to be a lie within weeks or less . 
  the nazis and germans in general were disliked once again by the populous , who now saw them as hypocrites and annexators . 
  next time you russians make up lies about the baltics being `` nazi-glorifiers '' maybe you could take a look at your own fucking country ? 
  ^ it ^ was ^ supposed ^ to ^ be ^ a ^ joke, 
  i am literally starving to death !, 
  oh , it 's * you * again . 
  for the people who do n't understand : some of the ballots are folded together into a bunch in the bottom of the box . 
  it is obvious that the ballots were n't dropped there individually , but in bulk . 
  we can only conclude that forgery was involved . 
  neat autumn . 
  first it 's nice and warm and when the leaves start falling off and things start to get ugly and muddy - boom !, 
  snow . 
  hey , thanks for shitting all over eastern europe again . 
  it really helps against the stereotyping of eastern europeans . 
  this orwellian double-speak is just making the problem worse , is n't it ? 
  cops and soldiers * always * vow to be apolitical and follow orders of the governement before they start their careers . 
  let 's hope there will be a european federation in 2032 . inb4 50 % get mad at me and the other 50 % silently agree . 
  i think i agree on the whole citizenship thing ( citizenship should have probably been granted to every permanent resident ) , but you need to know about the memorial . 
  it is a symbol of repression , occupation , the mass-deportations and the crimes against humanity that the red army and the soviet union committed . 
  every year they ( soviet sympathizers and veterans ) held celebrations right in the middle of the capital city and even physically assaulted some estonian nationals at some point . 
  imagine people waving nazi flags in the middle of jerusalem and attacking jewish people ( the example is exaggerated , of course , but a good analogy ) . 
  alas , the governement did not remove the memorial or the remains . 
  they relocated them to a more respectable place - the cemetary . 
  people go there to celebrate now . 
  it has turned from an annual anti-estonian meeting into a peaceful and respectable event , the way it should have been from the very begginning . 
   i do n't know where you 're getting this from . 
  foreign visitors , talking to other people online . 
  a huge amount of people do n't even know that an estonian language exists ( they think we 're like a smaller version of russia or something ) . 
  he smears shit all over the former soviet republics , further solidifying westerner 's perception of us as lazy , corrupt , stupid , filthy , poor sub-humans who just * loved * the communist dictatorship . 
  as an estonian , i am used to being discriminated because of my nationality , though . 
  russians call us fascists , westerners call us backwards non-democratic barbarians . 
  that kid has the most finnish face ... 
  i could have guessed he was finnish by merely looking at him !, 
   roma who wish to maintain their old way of life this usually involves a huge amount of illegal activity . 
  baltbros !, 
  meanwhile , they 're closing down schools and kindergartens are in grave ill-repair . 
  it 's all to win votes . 
  and people try to resent that our corruption rates are high ? 
  the russian media will cast all of this aside just to call the baltic peoples nazis some more . 
  a union with blackjack and hookers . 
  in fact , forget the union !, 
  estonian is not a slavic language , it 's finno-ugric . 
  the ministry of justice states the following :  ... a large part of killings were committed by acquaintances and close persons . 
  of cases where the relationship between the victim and the offender was known , 15 cases had the victim as a co-habitant of the attacker , 9 cases had the victim as a relative and 41 cases as an acquaintance of the attacker . 
  only 4 murders had the victim as a complete stranger to the attacker ; this shows that such crimes are very rarely committed against random people or strangers . 
  for the most cases , killings are committed in an apartment and often both the victim and the offender are intoxicated from alcohol : there are data about the level of intoxication of the offender for 62 crimes in year 2008 ; of these , 54 cases had the offender being intoxicated ( incl . 
  one case of intoxication from narcotic substances ) . 
  there 's around 100 homicides committed annually in estonia . 
  clearly , alcohol abuse and unsolved personal/family issues among the victim and the attacker are the main cause of homicides here . 
  to my knowledge , there 's no statistics on how many homicides are committed by certain ethnicities , but from the news we can only derive that the main murderers and victims are infact russians . 
  [ ewert and the two dragons - there 's only love ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5w_jyi-bgm ), 
  how about * you * go and do a life-threatening job every day for almost free . 
  well , in any way they were crusaders . 
  i think you 're over-analyzing stuff and you should just calm down a little bit . 
  i 'm an estonian . 
  people here were historically not very `` pure '' christians - the christianity here integrated into the pagan religion ( maausk ) when the templars annexed and enslaved the local populous . 
  the pastors ( who were almost always german ) constantly and rigorously expressed their huge concern in the spirituality of estonians throughout the centuries . 
  at the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century , christianity was seen by many as a german tool used to opress estonians . 
  the soviet occupation raised religiousness a little bit because of the whole defiance thing , but it was clearly too late by then .
