you need to fill out like ten applications for that . 
  it depends on the country . 
  english serfdom was nothing compared to russian serfdom . 
  serfs could be sold at auctions , whipping was a common punishment , sexual abuse by landlords was not rare . 
  serfdom ( slavery , basically ) was pretty common in the peripheral and even central parts of europe up until the mid-19th century . 
  i am not trying to mitigate the suffering of the romas , but they were n't the only one , far from it . 
  however , the fact that they have been continuously been severely discriminated for a millennia is horrific . 
  sure lgbt rights were expanded by this law and i 'm happy for it as i also support lgbt rights . 
  but the problem i have is that this law may have some other very valid and good points or some really shitty ones that are completely disregarded because * hurr-durr conservative values vs equality * . 
  the potential law is n't even about gay rights , it just gives them slightly more rights as a consequence . 
  yet people are up and arms about this like everything about human sexuality will be changed forever . 
  whether you support it or not , calm your shit down . 
  it was . 
  there was mention of certain foreign american and russian groups who fiercly fought against this with campaigns and other means , mostly because of mr. fry 's article . 
  this has brought so much discussion ( some intellectual , but mostly anger-spewing ) , but i doubt many have even glanced at the draft itself , which is freely available on government sites . 
  oooh , it 's * russia * !, 
  we 're * soooo * scared !, 
  what ever are we going to do ? 
  pfft . 
  hey , maybe they 'll conquer us and ban our gay nazi parades ? 
  i love you , finland . 
  estonian can not into existence :(, 
  pampersid ( it 's in plural ) - diapers . 
  potased - sports shoes . 
  after a sneaker producer from the soviet times . 
  from my hospital visit i can say that i had food that was somewhere between the quality of the uk and switzerland meals . 
  i was served 3 times a day and had a snack ( some kinda bagel and tea ) like 2 hours before dinner . 
  every morning they had a cup of coffee and a cup of tea as well . 
  lunch was usually served with a glass of milk . 
  the taste ? 
  pretty okay . 
  not enough condiments - i found myself wanting more salt or pepper constantly . 
  i was in the hospital because of some liver bullshit . 
  this probably varies a lot depending on which hospital you stayed in . 
   latvia and estonia have significant amount of russian population that is being discriminated against . 
  and we will have to do something about it . 
  i ca n't speak for latvia , but the discrimination in estonia is minimal . 
  the only discrimination issue i have is that a lot of russian-speaking populous that is born here ca n't get citizenship unless they pass an estonian language exam . 
  if almost a quarter of the populous speaks russian as their first language , then estonian should n't be a requirement in my opinion . 
  but then again , i 'm no politician and do n't really know the reasons behind this weird law . 
  i think that a history/society test is much more important ( how much they value democracy , know the laws and the actual history ) . 
  the talk about them not being able to get employed due to not speaking estonian ... well if your workplace is 99 % estonian , you should know estonian , otherwise you will not be able to do your tasks . 
  also , in many cases the job requires ( for example , cashiers ) the employee to know both estonian and russian to some extent ( also finnish/english , depending on the chain and location ) . 
  absolutely no discrimination there . 
  the talk about estonia eliminating russian schools is also misinformed . 
  the government upped classes that are taught in estonian for russian schools . 
  the majority of classes are still taught in russian . 
  and you can still pass your exams in russian . 
  which is a lot better than the situation in russia , where all exams have to be passed in russian , even in the federal republics where the native tongue is not russian . 
  the whole bronze night fiasco has sparked a victim-mentality in a certain group of esto-russians . 
  the reality is that we will not tolerate the wrongful interpretation of history ( soviet/russian version ) as it is harmful to the sovereignty and integrity of estonia . 
  we do however respect the people 's right to honor whoever they want and that 's why the monument and the deceased were relocated to the military cemetery , which is a much more respectful place for it anyway . 
  there 's no reason why a memorial of our annexators should don the center of our capital . 
  besides , if i 'm not mistaken the state 's unemployment department offers free estonian lessons to any and everyone looking for work . 
  the thing is , i do n't have ` serious health issues ' . 
  i work out and i am totally healthy . 
  i did n't get accepted because they do n't take people with bi-polar disorder in . 
  they just do n't want another liability . 
  if my illness got worse in the army , then i could easily shift the blame on the governement . 
  of course i would n't do this , but it 's just best to deem me unfit for service . 
  the whole thing is idiotic . 
  the weirdest thing is , i would n't even have been diagnosed with it if it were n't for the medical check-up before the draft . 
  edit : just to be clear , i 'm glad i was n't accepted , but people with the same illness who would like to serve would find this unfair . 
  estonia is one . 
  i did n't go because of health issues ( i was deemed `` unfit for duty '' ) and i am somewhat discriminated against . 
  certain jobs are off-limits to me now ( law-enforcement , security etc ) and i do n't think i can legally own a gun permit . 
  the worst part is that people treat me like i 'm less of a man . 
  it 's especially infuriating when it 's said by women , because they have no idea what it 's like . 
  last time i czech 'd they were in central not eastern europe . 
  the first republic was n't as innocent as it seems . 
  heck , the second one is n't as innocent as it seems . 
  homosexuality was illegal until 1993 and death penalty was abolished in 1998 . 
  that 's crazy . 
  they really just slide over some nasty shit in history lessons here . 
  slavs do n't actually originate from siberia . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , russians settled from a western direction . 
  we should n't join the side that bombs civilians just the same as we should n't join the side that assassinates war prisoners . 
  i do n't agree with russia . 
  but i ca n't agree with war either . 
  i 'm just trying to say that we should n't pick sides . 
  pretty sure they were pro-russian ukranians , not russians . 
  but it was a really shitty move in my opinion as well . 
  just goes to show that whichever side you 're on , you 're still a monster . 
  such is war . 
  what about the luhansk bombing ? 
  there 's no good or bad in war , just bad . 
  and we 're stooping down to their level in this `` discussion '' . 
  let them have their fun . 
  we do n't need these offensive infographics . 
  history will prove we 're right ( again ) . 
  it 's okay to not like the russian governement and their fucktarded decisions . 
  and the widespread brainwash . 
  it 's not okay to make fun of the people who have to suffer under this governement . 
  whipping out abortion and hiv rates ? 
  not cool . 
  i went to finland on a wednesday . 
  even on a wednesday you guys are lugging cases upon cases of booze from here . 
  how much can you possibly drink , wtf ? 
  do n't you have jobs ? 
  cont  building things a glimpse of this swedish future can be caught at arlandagymnasiet , a high school in m\u00e4rsta , half an hour north of stockholm , which offers remedial swedish classes for immigrant students .
