  estonian is the most alive it has ever been at the moment . 
  we 're not being repressed by russia or anyone . 
  it does n't take money away from the estonian institute . 
  it 's no threat to the language . 
  it has nothing to do with the maintenance of estonian . 
  it is extremely difficult to learn the language in a town where under 10 % speak estonian ( narva ) , where nobody watches estonian television , where you must use russian absolutely every day ( going to the store , dealing with the governement etc ) . 
   for example you can take your school exams in russian . 
  which is funny , because in russia , all school exams must be taken in russian . 
  whereas russia currently occupies regions with a wide variety of ethnicities who speak vastly different languages to russian . 
  guess russia 's rules do n't apply to russia . 
  meanwhile the education system fails completely to teach them * any * estonian . 
  the problem is n't one-sided . 
  either we start teaching them estonian or we start providing public services in russian too ( which we already partially do ) . 
  ai n't nothing wrong with having a couple of languages in your country . 
  extremely different ideologies are the problem . 
   how britain was left alone against an almost entirely nazi-lead europe . 
  because russia does n't count ? 
  i do n't even know you , but i wish you the best of luck with this shit . 
  i really hope you succeed . 
  i did n't want to go and luckily i did n't have to for medical reasons . 
  i am against it . 
  i generally do not associate with people who are overly proud of their service . 
  it 's an out-dated sexist policy . 
  also , it 's kinda stupid to send intelligent well-educated productive people to be used as cannon-fodder . 
  just throwing away precious resources . 
  i 'm willing to bet that well over half of the reserve-forces would be completely useless in a war . 
  look at the general populous - how many physically fit people do you personally know . 
  the other half would probably get the heck out of the country if a war broke out . 
  i do not want to murder anybody for any reason . 
  not even for my country and my people . 
  the poor sod at the other end of the barrel is probably conscripted and forced to fight thousands of kilometers from home . 
  why would i want to kill him ? 
  and for what ? 
  because some politicians put us in this situation in a dick-waving contest ? 
  1944 - west : `` sorry , baltics . 
  we do n't want to start a third world war or anything . 
  i hope you understand . '', 
  - west : `` sorry , baltics . 
  we do n't want to start a third world war or anything . 
  i hope you understand . '', 
  we 've got our own yanukovich here . 
  the lard-ass savisaar . 
  come next election , we 'll see how this all plays out . 
  if he gets elected and if people start protesting - i 'm guessing putin will turn it all around and call the protesters neo-nazi paramilitaries trained in poland and latvia . 
  only thing left to do is go and vote * any * other party , just to make sure old mouth-breather savip\u00e4ts does n't get the throne . 
  it all plays down to `` us '' vs `` russia '' . 
  and it has been going on like this for a couple of years now . 
  estonia is about the only country who follows natos orders to the point . 
  we ca n't * have * an army with millions of troops , because we only have 1.3 million residents . 
  but what we * can * do is spend the required 2 % of our gdp on our military budget , which is required by nato . 
  along with us , only 5 other countries in europe follow this rule : france , greece , poland , turkey , and the united kingdom . 
  * nobody * else in europe follows this rule . 
  so we 're only one of the few countries in europe who actually plays by the rules . 
   the katyn massacre was carried out using german made pistols rather than russian tt-30s was n't the actual reason behind it that tt-30s were shit and broke down , whereas lugers and walthers did n't ? 
  too slow !, 
  i posted the same thing a minute earlier the most interesting part is [ near the end ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=zegj0oo3oa8#t=494 ) protesters may have been shot by own snipers, 
  they could n't have chosen a more hyvin picture of putin for that article . 
  nobody even does sport here anymore . 
  everyone is either a fat slob or a health-nut fitness enthusiast . 
  why does n't anyone do any actual sports anymore ? 
  anyone heard of the bronze night ? 
  when russians get a proper whiff of this , they will flip their collective shit . 
  i do n't want to be one of those guys who equates this with arab spring , but is n't this exactly how it went there as well ? 
  protests 2 . 
  police try to violently subdue this 3 . 
  protesters have turned violent in retaliation to the police 4 . 
  of course the police is now overwhelmed . 
  military comes to help , instantly uses lethal force 5 . 
  opposition fights back with lethal force it just keeps escalating !, 
  it 's not every year you get to see a revolution unfold . 
  oh wait , it almost is ... internet is amazing . 
  anarchy is not chaos . 
  also , the us governement is almost a responsible governement towards its own citizens , whereas this one is far from it . 
   the baltic states . 
  i doubt fighting back would have been the best option in 1939 , because estonia did n't get ready for the big war like germany or russia nor did we have the capacity for it . 
  a shit-ton of people just escaped abroad and i think that was a good idea . 
  that is what i would have done , too . 
  you can see a period at the end . 
  it 's supposed to be a shortening of `` assortment '' . 
  look at the russian part just above it , it says `` assortim - '' . 
  cyrillic alphabet is pretty similar to our latin one and it does n't take long to learn . 
  still funny as heck , though . 
  but then again our corruption , rampant alcoholism and xenophobia point toward the east rather than west . 
  of course it all boils down to russia and corruption . 
  why would i ever guess otherwise ? 
  ca n't forget we 're more eastern europeans than northern europeans . 
  ya 'll can kiss this railway dream goodbye , because it ai n't happening . 
  i honestly ca n't see anything exciting about * any * sport , but i do n't care . 
  heck , most of them probably think my interests are boring . 
  i like * doing * sports , but watching it bores the crap out of me for some reason . 
  the guy who died in estonia was stabbed to death by another civilian . 
  most likely because of looting . 
  who the fuck gets offended by candy ?!, 
  put it in your mouth , enjoy it , swallow it - you insufferable , overly sensitive dickwad . 
  it 's not a poster or a propaganda movie . 
  during the soviet times , they were once again deported from russia . 
  one of them decided to live in my mom 's apartment building . 
  the jackal sightings have been happening here since at least last year . 
  people living in the countryside have been recording their howling at night . 
  they sound creepy .
