  `` but have we gotten used to it yet ? 
  no , not really . 
  this is still a country where many people who were born here identify themselves as immigrants . 
  which means you 're not really part of society . 
  that 's the big challenge . 
  we have to get better at coming together around a common future -- instead of focusing on where your mom and dad were born . '', 
  really ? 
  mine looked just fine ( collapse this comment string if you do n't want to see the whole article ) : tino sanandaji is among the last people one would expect to argue that immigrants pose a threat to sweden 's way of life . 
  an economist at stockholm 's renowned free-market think tank research institute of industrial economics , sanandaji is a member of a swedish elite that has long defended open borders . 
  and his own life offers a clear example of an immigrant success story : sanandaji arrived in sweden from iran in 1989 , with his mother and younger brother , when he was nine years old . 
  with financial assistance from the swedish government , sanandaji was able to attend the elite stockholm school of economics . 
  from there he moved to the united states , where he earned a ph.d. in public policy from the university of chicago . 
  and yet sanandaji now argues that sweden should stop taking in people who share his background . 
  `` immigration has meant that sweden has imported a bunch of social and economic problems that to a degree did n't exist before , '' he tells me , sitting in a modern conference room at his office in the upscale \u00d6stermalm neighborhood of stockholm . 
  `` for a number of reasons -- a long period of peace , a homogenous population -- sweden has had a unique combination of welfare , growth , and equality . 
  that idyll is to a certain degree over . '' over the past several decades , a stream of people from countries such as bosnia , iraq , and somalia have taken advantage of sweden 's asylum policies , the most generous in europe . 
  as a result , this once homogenous nordic country has been utterly reshaped . 
  in 2000 , 11 percent of sweden 's population was foreign-born . 
  today , the proportion is closer to 17 percent , higher than any comparable country in europe -- and higher also than the united states , where only 13 percent of the total population is foreign-born . 
  and far from slowing down , the trend is accelerating . 
  in 2013 , sweden -- a country of 9.5 million -- received a total of 54,000 asylum requests , a 24 percent increase over 2012 . 
  in september , sweden became the first european government to offer permanent residency -- a designation that extends to all immediate family members -- to any syrian who manages to arrive in sweden . 
  since then , sweden has been taking in syrians at a rate of more than 500 per week . 
  all this is happening against the backdrop of big economic challenges . 
  sweden 's open refugee policies were formulated in the 1970s , at a time when it was the fourth-richest country in the world and unemployment rates hovered just above zero . 
  `` equality '' and `` solidarity '' were the catchwords of the day . 
  it was an easy time to be generous , in other words , to people fleeing dictatorships in countries such as chile and iran . 
  but economic growth has been sluggish since the 2008 financial crisis and , even more worryingly , jobs have become scarce -- especially in the sorts of low-skilled sectors that newly arrived immigrants have traditionally flocked to . 
  unemployment is now stubbornly stuck above eight percent . 
  among foreign-born swedes , the rate is twice as large . 
  compared with many other western countries , sweden has weathered the financial crisis fairly well , and it is still a remarkably comfortable place to live . 
  sweden 's welfare state remains in place . 
  every resident of sweden -- whether they were born there or not -- is entitled to free public health care , a year of parental leave paid by the government , mandatory sick-leave benefits , and free dental care until the age of 20 . 
  but the social contract that this system depended upon is beginning to fray , especially due to the scarcity of jobs . 
  according to lars tr\u00e4g\u00e5rdh , a historian who has written extensively on the swedish welfare state , the hallmark of swedish society has been a combination of very high social trust and a marked degree of individualism based on a duty to work . 
  sweden is becoming the clearest case study of a question being asked across western europe : can a modern welfare state be reconciled with rapidly increasing diversity at a time of rapidly dwindling job prospects ? 
  the rise of the right there are many places to watch this unfolding swedish drama , but a particularly good spot might be a balcony overlooking the center of the stockholm suburb of husby . 
  one such balcony , on the top floor of a beige five-story apartment building , belongs to the al-khamisi family . 
  the family fled saddam hussein 's iraq in 1994 , and arrived in sweden after a long and dangerous journey , which ended with an arduous ride across the baltic sea on a small fishing boat with 60 other refugees . 
  what you see from the balcony is a fairly typical stockholm suburb , and very much a physical manifestation of the swedish welfare state , with all its faults and its merits . 
  it was built in the early 1970s as a part of a massive state program to create a million new homes in a decade . 
  in the beginning , the apartments were mainly filled with working-class swedes , many of whom had recently arrived from other parts of sweden . 
  but over time , husby has changed . 
  standing on the balcony today , you see well-kept but graceless four - or five-story housing blocks ; a tidy park ; a church ; a supermarket where you can buy big sacks of basmati rice , jumbo pistachios , and phone cards ; and people wearing hijabs and afghani pakol hats . 
  what you do n't see are many blond people -- a reflection of the fact that 85 percent of the 12,000 inhabitants of husby were either born abroad or have two parents who were . 
  that makes husby the mirror image of central stockholm . 
  together , they offer a portrait of sweden 's segregation problem . 
  immigrants live in satellite cities , removed and out of sight . 
  until something happens . 
  a year ago last may , the al-khamisis ' balcony was also the perfect vantage point to watch the riots that shook husby , making headlines around the world . 
  `` right down there , cars were burning , '' said the 25-year-old rami al-khamisi , the second oldest of the family 's five sons , pointing to a road beneath the house . 
  `` that same street is the way the police came . 
  and that pedestrian overpass , leading to the park -- that 's where the kids stood , throwing stones . 
  my mother was terrified . 
  she stood here screaming , ` baghdad !, 
  this is like baghdad ! ' '' it was n't really like baghdad . 
  the riots were actually quite swedish . 
  when similar riots struck france , in 2005 , some 10,000 cars burned . 
  several thousand people were arrested . 
  in 2011 , during riots in the united kingdom , five people were killed and 2,000 people were convicted of criminal activity . 
  in sweden , on the other hand , fewer than 400 cars were torched . 
  there were some minor injuries -- mainly police officers hit by stones -- but no one was seriously hurt . 
  no looting took place . 
  thus far , 19 people have been or are being investigated by public prosecutors , and four young men have been convicted for minor crimes . 
  but despite the limited scale , what happened in husby touched a raw nerve in swedish society -- and soon became enmeshed in sweden 's increasingly complicated politics over immigration . 
  a little over a week after the riots , jimmy \u00c5kesson , the 34-year-old leader of the sweden democrats , a far-right , anti-immigrant party , delivered a speech in which he solemnly declared , `` my friends , this wo n't do . '' later uploaded to youtube as `` straight talk on the husby riots , '' \u00c5kesson 's speech squarely blamed sweden 's immigration policies for the unrest : `` a gigantic , social experiment has been forced upon the swedish society . 
  it is now clear that this experiment has failed . 
  the vision , utopia , dream of a multicultural society has fallen apart . '', 
  look , you 're canadian , so you probably do n't know about eurovision a lot . 
  eurovision is , simply put , an annual international extravagant freakshow . 
  everyone might think the bearded crossdresser won because we 're all so accepting , but the reality is , people voted for the freak . 
  sure , we * are * accepting , but that 's not the reason why the bearded guylady won . 
  i like that ( s ) he has his/her own thing and it 's cool , but to be honest - people just watch it for the freaks . 
  and most of the countries just treat it as a celebratory circlejerk and vote for the countries they have n't had a genocidal war with recently . 
   requiring them to pass a series of exams to `` earn '' citizenship a language and history/law test . 
  both are are taught in mandatory school . 
  sure , i do n't think it 's good that they have to take an estonian test , because estonian can be difficult for a indo-european . 
  but the history and law test is completely okay in my mind . 
  a lot of russians do n't see estonia as a legitimate country so why the fuck should we give them citizenship ? 
  yep . 
  nobody cares about kevadtorm usually , but it 's cast on the news every year . 
  we 've got troops from other countries as well . 
  us marines arrived a bit before the brits did and are stationed in saaremaa if i 'm not mistaken . 
  kevadtorm are military games that take place regularily . 
  calm your tits , people . 
  hey , please give your honest opinion on the baltics . 
  why should russia even be interested ? 
  just muscle flexing ? 
  it 's * \u00e4t * in estonian as well . 
  our flags match . 
  so we 're supposed to not post anything negative about things that are mostly negative ? 
  wikipedia says it was simply abandoned . 
  and you 're both full of religious nutjobs , so you have that in common with america too . 
  maybe we should start with history lessons first and then move on to improving the teaching of estonian . 
  language is a problem , but it 's not the main problem . 
   only learning estonian can bring them out of it . 
  i remember seeing estonian language interviews with some of the bronze night protesters . 
  you ca n't teach them estonian and expect them to automatically become estonians . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  i wish people would stop with the victimization mindset .
