  can we hold a referendum to become a swedish territory ? 
  yet . 
  i would be worried if my child was in a relationship with * any * religious person . 
  i do n't trust them or their judgement . 
  frankly , they all creep me the fuck out . 
  estonia is scared of foreigners , as always . 
   if you have a horror-story industrial farm the farms in eu operate in the same manner . 
  i 'd say a lot of our metal ( bm and folk metal ) is the result of estonians getting along too well with the scandinavians . 
  90s extreme metal in estonia was completely saturated with scandinavian influences , because the estonian and scandinavian musicians had all become good friends once the curtain fell . 
  now we see a lot more variety : everything from metalcore and death metal to even crust punk , sludge and nsbm . 
  the scandinavian influences and friendships still stand strong , but the scene has broadened a lot . 
  some of the older bands have achieved normie status with their popularity as well - metsat\u00f6ll comes to mind . 
  someone should start making limpa energy drinks fam . 
  a choice between `` do what you 're told '' and `` get executed '' . 
  war is not a video game . 
  or just a guy who mowed down hordes of forcefully conscripted soldiers ( from an extremely oppressive regime ) who were starving and freezing to death . 
  do n't idolize war . 
  already seeing people call him an imperialist , white supremacist , racist , bigot and alt-right on social media . 
  i hate partisanism . 
  a lot of people were against it . 
  that 's surprising . 
  makes me feel better about my neanderthal country . 
  / r/eurosceptics is so barren though . 
  if you do n't like it , leave the union . 
  czech-out , withdrawsaw , donegary . 
  nobody is forcing you to be in here , 
  most non-european asylum-seekers in estonia actually leave to germany . 
  we hold on to the quotas , but it 's not our problem if they do n't want to stay here . 
  in estonia they use the eu programs to study abroad , but none of them want to permanently leave . 
  why is hungary still in the eu ? 
  it 's not even democratic anymore . 
  since the commissioner is sent by the government that the people elected , it 's not that undemocratic . 
  it 's not like some random people make the decision who to send . 
  but it is rather undemocratic to be honest . 
  i do n't know what would be better though . 
  you 'd want to have very knowledgeable people on the commission , right ? 
  would people be able to make the best decision ? 
  call me a technocrat , but not everything should be left to a referendum . 
  sometimes you need specialists . 
  we have 4 presidents and donald tusk is the president of the european council . 
  his main role is to represent the eu , not actually lead it . 
  if you want to pinpoint one guy who has a bit more leverage than the other presidents , it 's juncker . 
  he was elected by the european parliament ( which is composed of the representatives of the eu countries ) and leads the european commission ( the ministers of the commission is composed of the representatives of the eu countries as well ) . 
  people make a huge deal about the presidents , but the eu is n't run like usa , where the president has a vast amount of power . 
  people say the eu is undemocratic , but when the time for voting comes up , often less than 50 % of people actually go to vote in the elections . 
  it can be confusing , but it 's critical that people educate themselves on how the eu works and show up to vote if they want to be represented . 
  the presidents are n't voted in by the citizens , true , but they are elected by the representatives that the citizens have chosen . 
  and the presidents do n't hold that much authority over the cabinets they have . 
  ultimately it all comes down to who we as citizens elect . 
  i ca n't think of any cases from the top of my head , but there have been numerous investigations into people and groups who have presumably been inciting ethnic violence . 
  the law is in our constitution . 
   their only worth for the us is that they hate russians even more than american hawks such as mccain does . 
  inaccurate . 
  do n't believe the russian state media . 
  hate speech against the russian populace is ridiculed and criticized heavily . 
  it 's also illegal . 
  [ very conflicting top two searches ] ( http://i.imgur.com/unagxvw.png ), 
  three showings in the entire country , to be exact . 
  right wing protesters in america have to wear helmets and bulletproof vests , because the antifa is attacking them and throwing rocks at their heads . 
  they have people who pack medical supplies and first aid kits to their marches . 
  this is how bad it is . 
  and some of the antifa have started protecting trump supporter gatherings from neo-nazis , because a lot of the trump supporters oust the neo-nazis . 
  they stood together with a bunch of anti-racist trump supporters to bar the neo-nazis from attending . 
  but this was an isolated incident , whereas the former incident has happened numerous times now . 
  america is weird . 
  you kinda have normal people on both sides of the political spectrum and then you have the radicalized idiots who wage culture wars . 
  though the antifa do n't get sympathy from me . 
  you do n't assault people who utilize their democratic rights , no matter how vile their views are . 
  though it was funny seeing that richard ` peaceful ethnic cleansing ' spencer guy moan and victimize himself when he got punched in the face by a skinny black dude . 
  haha king cheeto looks like he needs a diaper change . 
   do you guys not have right wingers in your countries that are like this ? 
  we have a right-wing religious fundamentalist party . 
  one of them said he 'd like to chop off judge 's heads ( who recognized a gay married couple ) during his speech in front of the parliament . 
  he did n't say or imply anything of that sort . 
  okay , going by your logic the estonian prison guards in klooga were completely justified in exterminating jews , because the soviets did the same to estonians . 
  hey - it 's not a crime to love my own country , right ? 
  if you use our participation in the holocaust against us , you 're just using it to further your pro-russian goals !, 
  they need to acknowledge they were responsible for a genocide . 
  period . 
  they get no sympathy from me . 
  they 're just as bad as erdogan supporters . 
  turkey denying/justifying the armenian genocide is like germans denying the holocaust . 
  no matter how many lies the turkish extremists spread , they ca n't hide proof . 
  we 're not europeans yet . 
  could 've called us all `` cucks '' as well , though . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  also , i want to go to southern france now . 
  yeah , i do n't know why they made velen and novigrad look so polish , though . 
  you do n't see red brick castles in gb , do you ? 
  i might be mistaken about redania , because while their feudal system and societal structure kinda reminds me more of medieval england , their culture and architecture is very polish . 
  i figure kaedwen is culturally more like england ? 
  i do n't know . 
  with the northern kingdoms it gets kinda hazy . 
  also , pretty sure nilfgaard is germany ( hre ) - inspired . 
  beauclair is pretty clearly spanish/italian . 
  i do n't know about kovir , though . 
  mahakam is quite clearly scottish and skellige is designed after the cultures of the islands of the northern sea and ireland . 
  aedirn is also like germany , but definitely not hre . 
  then we have places like zerrikania , which is pretty clear what it is inspired by . 
  also , temeria is mostly designed after france .
