  i think he 's only referring to our ridiculously shitty armies . 
  and we also do data monitoring . 
  and we also partake in their proxy wars , with our shitty armies . 
  here 's the fucking r-word again . 
  * grabs popcorn *, 
  in tartu http://linnamuuseum.tartu.ee/?m=2&amp;page=front&amp;change_lang=en and a kgb secret surveillance museum in tallinn https://www.tripadvisor.com/attraction_review-g274958-d2136241-reviews-kgb_museum-tallinn_harju_county.html, 
  both sides are fucked , but russia is immeasurably more fucked . 
  no tu-quoque needed . 
  also , vast majority of your ` facts ' are fiction . 
  there 's an old kgb torture basement that was turned into a museum in my town . 
  heard they really traumatize foreigners . 
  literally everyone here has/had family that was deported . 
  no exaggeration . 
  call me when you get an openly non-religious president . 
  i 'd be in genuine fear of sexual assault . 
  i 'm 25 . 
  i was born in the soviet union . 
  in order to make life good for people ( in the future ) you have to enslave people . 
  kind of an oxymoron . 
  it 's morally wrong . 
  period . 
  you 're justifying slavery . 
  replace `` eritrea '' with `` 19th century usa '' and `` young men '' with `` black people '' . 
  is this what they call male privilege ? 
  i definitely agree . 
  this problem is hard to fix however , because we ca n't provide viable alternatives ( nice that err gives it a go sometimes , though ) . 
  i hate the government , i hate the culture , i hate the climate , i hate the economy . 
  and among that i hate the fact that we still take russians as our enemies . 
  but russians have the same rights as estonians . 
  do n't bring up citizenship - if they want they can all have citizenship tomorrow if they were born in estonia . 
  no language test required . 
  the problem and disparity stems from the fact that they 're so isolated . 
  if you look at ida-virumaa - it 's * by far * the least employed region of estonia , coincidentally the vast majority of its populous is russian . 
  this unemployment issue does not limit itself to ida-virumaa though . 
  this isolation is not mandated by the government , only maybe unintentionally perpetuated . 
  we need to find a solution to this , but i doubt we have many people in estonia who see it the same way as me . 
  the main complaint we hear from disillusioned russoestonians is the lack of jobs . 
  so we better get to fixing it . 
  having kids is cool if you 're already well-off . 
  being poor/middle-class ( same exact thing over here ) and having kids is the definition of white trash . 
  could be worse though . 
  at least we 're not lynching homosexuals like they do in russia . 
  they say estonia has brain drain . 
  i do n't know , plenty of smart people here , but they ca n't utilize their knowledge anywhere . 
  only programmers and the lot . 
  old people sitting on their jobs means less opportunities for young people . 
  and who can blame them , when going on pension is the same as becoming povertised by choice . 
  they can never integrate into our culture , because their culture is inferior !, 
  close the borders !, 
  our quota is zero !, 
  deport !!!!, 
  there 's only a million of us left . 
  and even if germany did n't , it would still be a really classic case of a tu-quoque . 
  a textbook example . 
  well fucking teach them . 
  you can learn a trade within 1-2 years in vocational school . 
  they can take language classes in the meanwhile too . 
  they sell it in grocery stores , sometimes next to the soda . 
  i fucking despise these two countries . 
  who needs 'em , we can do it [ ise ] ( https://youtu.be/phq3uvyd1o0 ), 
  takes me back to the good old times when i did n't exist . 
  uk starts the process to leave the eu . 
  [ there 's always been problems with horses , mules and ponies in africa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/african_horse_sickness#epidemiology ) . 
  oxen and other cattle were herded for food mostly . 
  herding had become dominant in a lot of places where agriculture was n't very feasible ( grasslands ) . 
  camels became common later on wherever islam spread . 
  generally technology and literacy spread along with them . 
  isolation probably played a huge part , too . 
  look at sami people in northern scandinavia for example . 
  so close to european civilization yet they developed technologically slowly . 
  the rest of europe was always trading with the rest of the world , always learning from other ethnicities around them and there was always a struggle to be better than the rest . 
  they could n't possibly live in isolation on this continent , unless they wanted to be subjugated . 
  this also happens in other science-related subreddits and i think it sometimes really is necessary to curb pseudoscience and uninformed speculation . 
  calling them snobs for deleting misinformation is n't very productive if you want to improve the quality of content there . 
  the place is called / r/askhistorians not / r/askanyoneabouthistory, 
  nowadays , yes . 
  but not ancient sub-saharan africa . 
  i remember . 
  at that point i unsubscribed from this subreddit , because this place became toxic to all discerning views and opened the floodgates for a lot of racism . 
  and by racism , i do mean actual racist ideologies . 
  then again , there was the whole scandal of certain white supremacist organizations brigading reddit , including / r/europe , so i think it can be partially attributed to them as well . 
  it 's way too easy to manipulate people into the fringes of the political spectrum . 
  the balto-slavic grouping is based on historical development , not on contemporary similarity . 
  terrorists do n't attack hungary , because they only target countries that matter . 
  4d chess level trolling right there . 
  i genuinely laughed . 
  master . 
  am i the only person who 's genuinely concerned for the mental wellbeing of alex jones ? 
  the guy needs psychiatric help . 
  not even funny . 
  basically , instead of prepositions we use cases . 
  but we also use prepositions . 
  and postpositions . 
  sometimes we use prepositions or postpositions even when we have a case for it , i.e. 
  * laual * ` on the table ' = * laua peal * ` on the table ' . 
  there are various semantical and pragmatical nuances that determine which is used . 
  we need anti-holocaust-denier laws . 
  but there 's a difference between not allowing any holocaust denial and not allowing any nationalistic elements in political discussions . 
  there 's a difference between allowing people to romanticise neo-nazis and allowing people to speak their mind about the eu and their sense of nationalism . 
  i personally think nationalism is the biggest obstacle for the european project .
