  an impregnated egg ? 
  1 week ? 
  2 weeks ? 
  a month ? 
  that was n't my point . 
  my point is if you illegalize abortions , the end result will be ( 1 ) more abortions due to easier availability , because more back-door doctors pop up , because it will be profitable ( as in latin america ) , ( 2 ) more dangerous , often fatal abortions . 
  see , the issue here is that abortions are n't only done for convenience . 
  some of them are in fact a matter of life or death . 
  some are because the pregnancy was the result of a rape . 
  some are because the baby has no chance of survival after birth . 
  and as for the `` convenience '' ... would you rather have a society full of parents who are unfit for parenting ? 
  a horde of dysfunctional families ? 
  children in poverty and desolate misery ? 
  and in countries where abortion is illegal , abortions are still done . 
  and they very often end in death of the mother too . 
  even if you choose to ignore everything else i said , think of this . 
  it has no sentience . 
  by that logic , every intercourse that does not result in pregnancy is denial of chance for human life . 
   8-9 months later yeah and abortion is only allowed way before the fetus becomes anything close to a living being . 
  hey , remember the time you had wet dreams as a teen ? 
  yep , murdered millions of children !, 
  and condoms are literally worse than hitler . 
  and women who have their period without getting pregnant are pure evil , too . 
  see ? 
  there are no moderate catholics !, 
  they 're literally incompatible with european culture !, 
  close the borders !, 
  build a wall !, 
  the underlying cause is the same : dangerous fringe groups that are gaining more and more popularity . 
  as a music nerd , i like to find solo music projects and bands without a label who do their own thing . 
  you 'd be surprised what you can find sometimes . 
  and i love the classic big guys too !, 
  black metal is quite distinct from other metal genres . 
  and in itself , bm has so many subgenres which should be considered separately from bm and metal in general . 
  look at dsbm , atmospheric bm , blackgaze , post-black . 
  it has mostly bands that do their own thing . 
  some are so avant-garde i do n't know what the fuck is going on , i just listen . 
  nowadays , yep . 
  the lutherian regions have turned largely atheist . 
  but the mindset remained . 
  that 's why norwegians , swedes , finns and estonians are very introverted and do n't seek support when they should . 
  please kill me too . 
  northern europe is mostly lutherian . 
  it 's very restrictive and puritanical . 
  compare this to the [ vodka belt ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/36/vodkabelt.png ) , the [ religious borders ] ( http://www.iisusbog.com/images/p11ad.eu_religion.gif ) , and the [ homicide rates ] ( https://ourworldindata.org/visualhistoryof/violence/staticimages/homicides-per-100_000-per-year.png ) . 
  the culture is rotten . 
  they also teach very basic first aid in driving schools in estonia . 
  imo they should make it mandatory in schools . 
  a lot are doctors and teachers too . 
  you have recruiters in estonia - first year estonian medical students are already being `` groomed '' by finnish companies . 
  ban those things then . 
  why are you obsessed on clothing ? 
  fgm is much worse . 
  how many suicide attacks have been done by people in burqas ? 
  how many by people who fit in perfectly ? 
  yet forcefully removing these symbols should not happen in a free educated society . 
  fighting against the symptoms , not the cause . 
  so is banning a certain item of clothing just because you do n't agree with the person . 
  hey , i think we should ban bald heads , because i do n't like skinheads and they should n't exist in a modern democratic country . 
  it 's a symbol of violence and oppression . 
  it 's just the jesus fish symbol people put on the trunk of their car in estonia and usa . 
  it 's weird in estonia because very few people besides the christians themselves know what it 's about . 
  we 're not very religious here in estonia so i guess it 's just a thing the christians use to distinguish themselves from the vast majority . 
  because fuck eastern europe , those subhuman slavic communist putin-loving murderous alcoholic hiv-infested car-stealing corrupt scum . 
  and what if people want pogromms ? 
  is it just then ? 
  does their will matter then ? 
  they 're just as much * being * isolated as they are isolating themselves . 
  ban cross necklaces , those christian fish stickers on cars , the `` aum '' symbol , the dharma wheel , ban priest and nun robes ... 
  norwai pls come inside of us, 
  i personally celebrate neither . 
  well maybe except watching the parade on my laptop . 
  the pogroms have begun . 
  independence from russia is * so * good . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  i 'm so tired of these sheltered naive western european teens who are completely out of the loop , know nothing of history telling me how russia is the sole defense against western imperialism and doing the right thing in ukraine . 
  `` lesser folk '' ? 
  which results in fuck-all , sadly . 
  a university degree with internship wo n't guarantee you a job . 
  so basically everyone should eventually start their own business ? 
  the problems in america derive from wealth disparity . 
  i ca n't believe people have to keep saying this over and over again . 
  everyone uses platforms in this political shitshow . 
  `` forced '' terrorists ? 
  sounds like the issue lies with the cooks and the recipes . 
  my mum occasionally tricks my dad to eating vegan food . 
  he can never tell the difference and has actually grown to love our vegan stuff . 
  we absorb a lot of more nutrients from fresh produce , but this does not apply to everything of course . 
  for instance , beans * must * be cooked . 
  lettuce , cabbage , onions , cucumbers - fresh is better . 
  even omnis have to eat fruits and vegetables . 
  not enough people realize this . 
  you ca n't keep up your health on a diet based on grain and red meat . 
  eating raw meat is a horrible idea . 
  please do not ever eat raw meat . 
  seems like a pretty shitty situation ... what would a solution be ? 
  force employers to pay everyone the same or not take in any foreign workers or what ? 
  they predominantly speak with an irish accent in skellige , though . 
  dwarves speak with a scottish accent ... so mahakam , maybe . 
  yeah , but it 's no thousand-years reich .
