  * edit : this is ofc csma/ca *, 
  hi guys , i am thinking about buying a lumia 830 . . 
  here 's some concerns of mine . 
  even though i do n't really crave apps like snapchat . . 
  i 'd still prefer having them , than not . . also , if i understand correctly , when windows 10 is released , all android/ios apps will be easily ported to windows , right ? 
  when is this supposed to happen ? 
  sorry if this was already asked , but i 'm really starting to appreciate the greatness of the lumia line , especially the amazing camera . 
  help me out , i want to become a part of this , 
  yesterday i purchased 35 $ worth opi ( s ) . 
  i wanted to buy good items for betting . 
  so i bought a few overvalued awps and some other skins , but here 's where things get interesting . 
  i saw sam tec9 skins on csgobackpack being overvalued and i found them on opskins . 
  the difference was pretty big and i went for it . 
  so here 's the thing . . 
  i bought two tec9 toxic skins but they are both souvenirs . . 
  i noticed that when it was already too late ... 
  there 's nothing i can do , right ? 
  i have 2 9 $ worth tec9 skins , that i ca n't bet with . . 
  i was trying to trade them , but i received terrible offers . 
  any ideas ? 
  thanks, 
  i found great headphones that i want to purchase , but i wo n't be able to order it until 9th of july . 
  so i added the headphones in my watch list and i saw [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dsjk99x.png ), 
  does that mean the item wo n't be available after those 16h 14m ? 
  i 've been lifting on and off for about two years . 
  the first year was great . 
  i 've been doing ss for a short time and got bored and went into bro splits for the remainder of the year . 
  i 've been losing fat and gaining muscle ( oh lord , the noob gains ) . 
  things were good . 
  now the second year is where i started slacking , real bad . 
  i had a hard time organizing time ( college ) . 
  i 've been going to the gym once a month . . 
  sometimes even once every two months or worse . 
  but i also had good months where i went 2-3 times a week . 
  i was doing bro splits as usual . 
  the thing is , when i started all this , ss and programs like it were off-putting . 
  but now , when two years passed and i 'm still benching the same weight i benched a year ago i decided it 's time for a big change . 
  i 've lost most , almost all of my noob gains in the second year , because i was n't going to the gym frequently . 
  i want to change that now and also focus on the big lifts and strength improvements . 
  ok here 's when you come in and hopefully help me out . 
  since i lost my noob gains , that means i 'm theoretically at the beginning again . 
  so if i start ss or sl ( or something like it ) , i should get noob gains again , right ? 
  so the best thing for me if i wan na gain muscle is eating at surplus and picking a strength based routine , to make advantage of the noob gains . 
  but there are a lot of options again . 
  what would be best for me ? 
  ss and sl are under strength routines in the wiki , but awr is under muscle mass ( i guess it has something to do with rep range ) . 
  help me out , thanks !, 
  i am currently few weeks into my 2nd year studying cs . 
  i am already struggling to understand some concepts and am wondering if there is a good mooc i can take , that can help me . 
  here 's the ** syllabus outline ** :, 
  basics of algorithms : notion of algorithm ,, 
  problem , instance and solution , design, 
  techniques , informal and formal correctness, 
  of algorithms , models of computation ,, 
  computational complexity , asymptotic, 
  notation o , \u03a9 , \u0398, 
  arithmetic algorithms : small and big, 
  numbers , arithmetic operations , modular, 
  arithmetic , greatest common divisor, 
  basics of data structures : abstract data type, 
  ( adt ) , set , stack , queue , deque , priority, 
  queue , dictionary , array for implementing, 
  adts , linked list for implementing adts ,, 
  implicit and explicit data structures , rooted, 
  trees , binary and non\u2010binary trees , implicit, 
  representation of left\u2010balanced trees , heap ,, 
  k\u2010heap , walks on trees, 
  array sorting : selection sort , insertion sort ,, 
  heapsort , mergesort and inversion count ,, 
  quicksort , bucket sort , counting sort , radix, 
  sort, 
  divide and conquer design technique :, 
  analysis of recursive algorithms and, 
  recurrence equations , master theorem ,, 
  examples of analysis , matrix multiplication, 
  with strassen algorithm, 
  basics of graphs : graph representation with, 
  adjacency lists , adjacency matrix , incidence, 
  matrix , walks on graphs , random walk ,, 
  depth\u2010first search , breadth\u2010first search ,, 
  connectivity , topological sorting of vertices, 
  and cycles, 
  greedy method : scheduling records and, 
  tasks , huffman codding , standard knapsack ,, 
  k\u2010center problem, 
  dynamic programming : binomial coefficient ,, 
  0/1 knapsack , longest common, 
  subsequence, 
  branch and bound : 0/1 knapsack , knight 's, 
  tour , eight queens , backtracking, 
  selected topics, 
  every suggestion is highly appreciated , thanks !, 
  [ removed ], 
  we all know there are a lot of pages on facebook , that basically steal people 's content from youtube and other sites and repost them for their own gain . 
  9/10 of those pages do n't even cite the source . 
  i am wondering how this can even be legal ? 
  example : [ this guy ] ( https://www.facebook.com/sofloantonio ) . 
  only thing he does is add huge annoying borders to the video with eye-popping text that generates him even more views . 
  i began with condingbat yesterday and done a few of the warmup exercises . 
  i have a question about what 's considered better in java .
