  i saw this on facebook earlier and i 'm wondering where is this from ? 
  thanks, 
  so i 'm really picky about music , i prefer a genre but i do n't actually like a ton of songs in that genre , but still a lot more then in other genres if that makes sense :d, 
  i really like gramatik 's street bangerz ( 1-3 ) , i know about pretty lights and his label ( they are pretty good ) . 
  what i 'm looking for is something like street bangers , with a jazzy/funky feel . 
  is that even triphop ? 
  help !, 
  basically the tittle . 
  i asked the same on / r/triphop but did n't get much response . 
  copied from there :, 
  so i 'm really picky about music , i prefer a genre but i do n't actually like a ton of songs in that genre , but still a lot more then in other genres if that makes sense :d, 
  i really like gramatik 's street bangerz ( 1-3 ) , i know about pretty lights and his label ( they are pretty good ) . 
  what i 'm looking for is something like street bangers , with a jazzy/funky feel . 
  is that even triphop ? 
  help !, 
  illmatic-the album, 
  so for a few months now i 've been having really brown saliva when i spit after waking up and it 's only happening when i wake up . 
  i thought i had sensitive gums or a sick tooth but for the last two weeks i 've been having random pain in the right chest area . 
  is this somehow connected , should i get it checked out ? 
  the chest pain is n't frequent , it just feels weird-ish, 
  first of all i hope it 's ok if i post this in this subreddit since more of you can help me out . 
  i know the courses are free and the certificates too i guess ? 
  does it matter where are you from ? 
  and how valuable are the certificates ? 
  sorry if this is n't the right subreddit but i am looking for some movies that would get me even more interested in programming . 
  there are so many detective/doctor/lawyer type series , what about something similiar in it department . 
  i 'd be happy to hear your suggestions, 
  first of all i 'm from europe and i 'm 19 years old . 
  i 'll be finishing high school of economics this year and then attend computer science college and finish that when i 'll be 24-26 years old ( depends if i 'll go for even higher education , but it 's hard to explain since we do n't have the same education system ) . 
  so after i finish all of that i plan to move to canada ( pref . 
  ontario ) and work there . 
  i do n't speak french , but english is my favourite language . 
  that 's one of the reasons canada is my destination of choice . 
  it would be really nice if you can give me some good advice and i hope i 'll make it to canada one day . 
  so i 'm interested in rooting my phone and so far have researched a bit about it . 
  i want your opinion on what would be the best root for my device . 
  i 've checked out http://galaxys2root.com/ and found a few guides on rooting a phone on there i 'm wondering if you recommend it or should i check about it on xda developers instead, 
  ** so the type of root i am looking in is this one **, 
  just the youtube video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlq51pg77q4, 
  i 'm wondering if i understand it correctly . 
  with this method you do root your phone , but you just install a custom kernell ? 
  and by rooting your phone this way you do n't lose your data ( apps ) . 
  thanks !, 
  i f * cking love this song . 
  but the best thing about it is the beat . 
  if you know anymore songs with the similiar beat i would appreciate if you post it here . 
  thanks, 
  this song is awesome , but the best thing about it is the beat . 
  if you know anymore songs with the similiar beat/feel i would appreciate if you post it here . 
  thanks, 
  please help me . 
  i fucking love this beat, 
  i 've been lifting before , but never for a serious amount of time ( max . 
  was not even 3 weeks ) . 
  now i 'm really into it and i need your advice . 
  i 've been going to gym for 2 months now and i started with kris gethin 's 12 week trainer . 
  i am still following the program and i feel good but i do n't know if it 's suitable for beginners like me . 
  almost everyone here is suggesting a strength routine ( ss , sl ) . 
  is this a must or am i going in the right direction with kris 's program . 
  i 'd like to stick with it until the end , what do you think ? 
  ** i am lifting now for almost 3 months . 
  i am currently in the 4th week of kris gethin 's 12 week program . 
  i see some mass gain but it 's probably noob gains . 
  since i 'm really weak i am starting to think in the strength program direction . 
  i still want to gain muscle mass , but strength too . 
  i suppose if i eat more than my tdee i 'll gain mass ( no matter which program i choose ) am i right ? 
  i really want to start with ss or sl 5x5 but i need your advice . 
  should i stop with kris 's program ? 
  i really do n't want to do it for whole 12 weeks since i want to start with either ss or sl really soon . 
  are there any good programs for strength and mass or is this the real deal ? 
  ** the second thing is ss vs sl 5x5 . 
  which one should i do ? 
  which one is better for mass ? 
  i do n't want to do power cleans because i am not confident enough and i do n't have someone experienced with me to teach me the lifts . 
  also the gym i go to is more of a wellness type gym and i 'm lucky that i can squat even though there is n't a squat rack . 
  so are bb rows a good alternative for power cleans ? 
  ( if you advise ss of cours ) . 
  and when should i add dips/pushups/pullups ? 
  help me out folks, 
  so i want to write something fitness/bodybuidling or anything like that but it has to be connected to economy ( since i go to economic school ) . 
  i got the pre-picked options but they were all boring , so i thought i would write about something i like . 
  this project is very important and i need a lot of material for it . 
  it 's one of the things i have to do to finish the school . 
  any suggestions ? 
  at a party . 
  first time hash i am pretty stoned, 
  i 've been thinking about buying a vape for a long time but where they sell mflb near my town they were sold out so i could n't get it yet . 
  i was at the movies today with school since it 's the last day today and we were in the last row ( last 3 rows are vip ) . 
  i really wished i had a mflb , but i was at [ 8 ] already so i it was still sweet , 
  i made the first step to learning android game developing yesterday and looked into thenewboston guides . 
  they are really highly rated and people in the comments say its still a good guide even though its outdated . 
  i installed all the software ( java jdk eclipse sdk ... ) . 
  but now im beginning to wondering its a bit too outdated . 
  what do you think ? 
  let me tell you that i dont know anything about programming and thenewboston guides are for absolute beginners . 
  are there any better new ones and still noob friendly ? 
  i just freshly installed windows 7 ( not original ) on my parents older pc and tried to activate it with a windows loader . 
  after it restarted i keep getting this error : nqegp is compressed and in the next row : press ctrl + alt + delete to restart . 
  i 've restarted the computer numerous times and i keep getting the error . 
  help please !,
