nice , 
  what super sale ? 
  when ? 
  damn , i want that skin now :d . it is n't available anymore right ? 
  sorry if i 'm dumb but what does the second wallpaper represent ? 
  i bought fiora first , because her ult looked epic and nobody played her . 
  i sucked with her first then my friend told me that i can use q twice . 
  yeah ... :d . got first tripple with her too , i thought i 'm the king of the world , 
  can anybody upload a video of it ? 
  the blitz and skarner ones, 
  2 questions . 
  is mf the strongest adc right now ? 
  and why are you such a beast ? 
  have them all expect urgot , lol, 
  you too ? 
  :d . i got up to 1355 after this then back to 1332 :(, 
  well i got 9 elo for a win while the other team got loss prevented . 
  no dc 's during the game also no lags . . not fair :(, 
  i started at around 1100 elo this season since the last one was n't that successfull . 
  i am working my way up though , 
  i do n't quite rembember , but i think i won 5 or 6 of them, 
  hide your planner , they know everything !!, 
  hello lolking . 
  i love your site , and use it all the time  . 
  my question though . 
  when you searched for a summoner the name was saved and when for instance i searched for my name `` cybermyth '' , when i typed c it already added the recently searched summoners beginning with `` c '' so i could search faster . 
  this is also useful if you search for summoners and you do n't remember their usernames , you can just guess the first letter and the summoner 's full name will hopefully come up . 
  why was this removed ? 
  exactly what i thought when i saw this :d, 
  i do n't know , can you repeat the question ? 
  i am logged in for 24 hours and counting !, 
  amumu flashed the dragon wall to steal red buff at 2:02 lol, 
  i do n't mind supporting either . 
  i enjoy leona and blitz of course , but he is always banned so i ca n't play him much . 
  i just wanted to play akali that game , that 's all, 
  i was ** first pick **, 
  i repeat , i was first pick, 
  i did n't like the approach those guys had . 
  i mean , he said `` dude we are 4 premades '' like it was my job as first pick to go what they want . 
  and i 'm not dodging for them either . 
  you 're right on that one though , i just wanted to share this since i got really frustrated , but i 'll move on i guess , 
  no problem sir , i tend to misread stuff too , 
  are you blind , trolling or just do n't get it ? 
  dunno if i should try to explain since i 'm not sure if you 're serious, 
  thanks , that is amazing , just added it to my chrome, 
  lol, 
  ask athene, 
  uhm you do n't get that on your main account ? 
  why is this getting upvoted ? 
  riot said they are working on it ( red post a while ago ), 
  this kid is 1999 , do n't be scared he is n't a hacker . d, 
  i actually get smoother gameplay with 60 fps then with 150, 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68ugkg9repc ), 
  warmongs is for tryhards :d, 
  atmosphere one of my favourite bands atm , too good, 
  watching it now . 
  koreans so good omg, 
  dyrus in jail, 
  that 's it . 
  after searching for a while i found the video : http://www.redtube.com/348409, 
  flame is also a god . 
  so many korean top laners on the same level, 
  i 'm so happy for the flame vs shy matchup . 
  i 've always thought flame is the best toplane in korea , and he showed that with this matchup, 
  sorry for the silly english , i 'm slightly intoxicated, 
  thanks for the suggestion , those two are pretty nice  . 
  posted this on / r/ifyoulikeblank , thanks , have n't heard of this subredit yet, 
  i recently found out about him , i think they are touring together atm, 
  the only suggestion on / r/triphop was rjd2 , thanks for the suggestion , 
  thanks for the suggestions , appreciate it !, 
  yeah i agree , i ca n't belive he is n't as known here in slovenia where he comes from . 
  of course i know nujabes , thos instrumentals are amazing . 
  i especially like the luv sic/feather style, 
  will definitely check out the other ones, 
  this is gold , thank you !, 
  hijacking top comment to request a creaton highlight video . 
  would be awesome if someone could make it . 
  damn , that 's amazing . 
  one question though . 
  since kassadin shines in late game , what do i do before lvl 6 ? 
  i 'm in silver 3 and usually lanes are decided even before lvl 6 so if i do n't stomp my lane early i 'm afraid the top/bot lane will just push their towers and come mid . 
  that way they deny me farm and i 'm pretty much fucked . 
  any tips ? 
  a pretty nice collection you have there, 
  how the hell can you even register to that thing . 
  everytime i tried it said it 's a bad e-mail , like dafuq, 
  sweet, 
  in the store, 
  i would own a nice little bar by the beach . 
  or be a singer/actor/drummer / nba player . 
  lots of things even though i suck at all of them even at bartending lol . 
  cracking knuckles, 
  socializing, 
  i do n't know why are you asking me ? 
  i 'm in love, 
  because of lol, 
  this is so amazing , i got the chills . 
  to the front page , let the other people see what lol is about , 
  awesome , ca n't wait . 
  noticed the share column on the right , thought something is going on ,
