  i need 100 or something xp for steam level 5 , but i 'll do it then . 
  thanks !, 
  can somebody explain the difference between the following :, 
  * we have n't much time !, 
  * we have n't got much time !, 
  i always thought the second one is correct . 
  i hope he relists the item , since this is the best deal i could find in days . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  you got me excited for a second . . 
  i found a great pair of evos on ebay for 52 $ with shipping included and i find this now . . well i checked the shipping costs and they are 25 $ to slovenia so 55 $ in total . 
  i was so excited though :(, 
  also myprotein !, 
  it 's main purpose is for making your own supplements . 
  but it got some other interesting purposes  . 
  myprotein is in us and uk ( google it ) . 
  cheap supplements also , if you 're into that, 
  why not both ? 
  i got to le recently and my first game , team would mock me because i do n't have a knife skin lol, 
  that is true , but in our country people do that when they want to overtake 3-5 cars . 
  it 's illegal here too , but arrogant drivers do n't give a fuck, 
  i 'm not talking about the caravan of minivans . 
  i 'm talking about 3-5 cars driving at or over the speed limit and still overtaking the whole caravan . 
  not me , but one of my best friends ( female ) freaks the fuck out if there 's a cat nearby . 
  if the cat is outside she wont come out if we do n't hide/close the cat inside or something . 
  she is terrified . 
  i understand it in a way , but usually i ca n't believe it . 
  it 's weird seeing someone freak out constantly because of a freaking cat :d, 
  you 're not supposed to defend this guy . 
  what the hell dude ?!, 
  betting has nothing to do with this . 
  if you 're a piece of shit you 're a piece of shit . 
  spam, 
  i think i 'll give gslp a shot , thanks . 
  a question regarding starting weight . 
  i have n't deadlifted or squated in a while and i do n't know how to find my working weight . 
  i just tuned into this round . 
  holy shit am i lucky to witness this live . 
  mercator . 
  at the register usually, 
  wow thanks man . 
  i am kinda struggling to understand asymptotic notation and the big 3 . . we kinda just jumped into graphing each one ( big o , theta , . . ) , but i got lost midway . 
  if you could give an intuitive example of what it 's all about it would be awesome . 
  sick one xd, 
  only icb , but i 'll take it , 
  1 . https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=87511302&amp;token=rdwqymvl, 
  commented , 
  my profile : https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=87511302&amp;token=rdwqymvl, 
  gramatik - muy tranquilo : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=munmog8xksg, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  heya , watched the video . 
  thanks for the giveaway, 
  tradelink : https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=87511302&amp;token=rdwqymvl, 
  i 've been good , a a skin would make me feel great though :d, 
  thanks for the suggestion , but i need my laptop password protected . 
  oh ok , thanks for clearing things up . 
  one down , two left . 
  thanks !, 
  after waiting for a fix for 2 months i just gave up and installed hotkey resolution . . 
  it works, 
  it 's alright until the only option is to disable adblock to browse the site . 
  i stumbled upon quite a few websites that had this option and the only way to dismiss the `` polite message '' is to turn of adblock, 
  yeah that 's totally fine by me, 
  thanks for your input . 
  always nice to see different solutions , even for simple problems like this one . 
  that last one was mind blowing, 
  cool , thanks . 
  when would you start breaking an if statement up , as in when is it too long ? 
  anyone else have lag issues when you watch oddshots on fullscreen ? 
  sorry i just woke up . 
  i 'm developing for universal windows platform ( uwp ) . 
  yes this was also an idea i had , the main page might be unnecessary . 
  yeah i went through quite a couple of his w10 videos and i got the general idea of uwp development . 
  i guess i 'll go through some of them again , but the thing is i do n't have time to go through all of them since we only have a week , but i 'll try thought . 
  thanks, 
  that bullshit works better than oddshot for me, 
  +1 lol , had no shit what i was doing . 
  ldr str ldr str ldr str, 
  once again , 2nd time i 've seen it posted here , it works way better then oddshot for me . 
  you win the race . 
  as i see , sd is a continuation of hpmor ? 
  i think i know what to read next . 
  what are your thoughts about sd ? 
  alright , thanks . 
  i 'll definitely check it out . 
  i 'll definitely check it out then . 
  i had that feeling , when you finish a good tv series and you think you 'll never find anything better . 
  well if you think it 's better i ca n't wait to read it . 
  twitch chat in real life, 
  it 's even worse now that the thing spread out on my facebook feed . 
  but instead of bill it 's janez ( the most common slovenian name ) . 
  it 'll die soon like every other trend , so lets just play the waiting game, 
  i thought this is / r/globaloffensive , i was really confused for a second , lol, 
  i had an allergic reaction to peanuts , then i got sued by the fine bros, 
  fuck , i miss this show :(, 
  the tim circlejerk is real on this subreddit, 
  wtf, 
  oh my god , thank you . 
  i 'm actually crying . 
  it 's social engineering .
