  press e twice, 
  who dis, 
  kaaak ? 
  it was, 
  what the shit, 
  you were right , he was cut, 
  this is beme ? 
  i kinda agree , but i need a daily dose of casey . 
  i guess i 'm a bit selfish, 
  woosh, 
  this might be it . 
  simple , yet effective interface . 
  i 've tried some features out and it works like a charm . 
  thanks for the suggestion !, 
  i 've currently settled for cherrytree , but qownnotes looks promising too . 
  i might use it down the road , thanks !, 
  are you me ? 
  you are n't though , so you should be downvoted i guess . 
  i have n't watched this yet . 
  why the 6000 dislikes ? 
  ignorance or something else ? 
  dude i need to know what that song is . 
  please !, 
  fuck yes . 
  i 've been searching all day for this . 
  he literally made his account just to troll this subreddit . 
  move along , nothing to see here, 
  i thought so too . 
  kek, 
  ayyy, 
  which one ? 
  which one ? 
  which one ?!, 
  i think the map is called de_fire, 
  oh my god , this made my day, 
  spremljam daily vloge [ komotar minuta ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uc0begq7lhfcx_xdippinyjg ) . 
  so long and thanks for all the fish, 
  friendly advice . 
  \u0160altaj z adblock plus na ublock origin . 
  use f.lux my friend . 
  i ca n't live without it anymore . 
  it took some time getting used to , but now when i check my friend 's laptop it kills my eyes . 
  you do n't even realize how strong the light from the laptop is until you see the difference . 
  yeah but f.lux works wonders even with 100 % brightness . 
  check it out . 
  you 're welcome . 
  again , it looks quite weird at first , but once you get used to it , it does wonders . 
  also if you are a graphic designer or work with colors in any other way , turn it off before you go to work , so you work with actual colors . 
  cr0 playing cs again ? 
  works fine for me too . 
  have you tried opening with a different browser ? 
  flair up boys, 
  starts \u2260 started, 
  my man !, 
  no worries , thank you for your input !, 
   some places have a very fine separation between front end and back end . 
  from what i 've heard , front and back end is separated well , so i guess i wont have to deal with that much . 
   personally i like node-inspector, 
  yeah i 've tried that , but as i said it does n't seem to work on the latest node version . 
  i 'll setup nvm and try debugging on an older node version to see how it works . 
  thank you for your input , really appreciate it, 
  some things might be the same though , so i appreciate your input . 
  i like to at least have an idea about what i 'm getting myself into , 
  i have n't met a cheater in ow yet, 
  [ moving pictures with sound ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xl82w4yvuw8 ), 
  holy shit , i do n't know why i keep comming back expecting any better . 
  what 's up fellow eth holders . 
  my coworker just convinced me 3 days ago , i should invest in cryptos . 
  after some research i found this amazing subreddit . 
  i only invested 50 $ and i currently hold 16 $ of that in eth . 
  this morning i woke up and it felt really good . 
  but at the same time i feel like i 'm missing out with only investing so little . 
  i am considering investing more , but do n't know if i should wait or invest asap . 
  eth price was circling around 90 $ for quite some time and it might be the same with the 100 $ price range ? 
  also what wallet/exchange do you suggest for eth ? 
  i currently use poloniex exclusively but am thinking about transfering to a safer longterm-ish option . 
  anyway , you guys rock !, 
  what a great community . 
  good eye !, 
  nice drop , i am buying more now , but need to wait until monday for my transaction to go through . 
  btw . 
  i 'm really curious as to why the price of basically every coin is dropping ? 
  if i check coinmarketcap everything is red . 
  any idea why ? 
  my current favorite is [ beastie boys - intergalactic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilnnmzk_m8w ), 
  my msi-gp60-2pe laptop is almost dead , i can only get like 40 minutes max of battery time . 
  i was looking at batteries on amazon and i 've found [ this one ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/green-cell-extended-battery-6600mah/dp/b01m8jy39g/ ) . 
  the original battery i have is 4400mah ( i think ) . 
  how much more battery time can i get with that ? 
  is the bulky battery worth it ? 
  this is something i would find pleasure in, 
  i 'm moist, 
  what meme ? 
  so yeah , like you would expect form the tittle i did n't have a good time . 
  from the pregame chat till the end of the game i got flamed hard . 
  i took screenshots of pregame chat where this all started and added the picture at the report notes . 
  of course they all reported me for being bad * ( which i clearly was n't , i did pretty well , got killed a few times too much , but i could carry the game if they would cooperate ) * . 
  what i want to say is i could potentially be banned for doing nothing and they will remain untouched , being toxic as they are laughing their asses of at the random 5th person they will get in their premade team . 
  here is the picture of the pregame chat just to show you all how it started :, 
  is this even from a porn movie ?
