  god damnit so many shit to talk about but it has to be the same shit every 2 days, 
  not really, 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i am far from actually applying for a job since i 'm still in school but since i do n't know a whole lot about programming and cs i 'm trying to get something done on my own , 
  damn when i was a kid she was the perfect girl , now she 's a perfect woman . 
  woke up in a car at the gas station 100km from the club we were partying in . 
  great list man , will check them all out, 
  promoting my country ( slovenia ) . 
  even though it 's not the best country to live in ( politics and shit ) , it is still beautiful . 
  just a little something we have to offer , 
  this shit is so amazing , i 'm jealous man . 
  toke up for me if you 're ever there again , 
  awesome , looking forward to that, 
  i want that couch now, 
  that joy in his eyes , damn, 
  the wait , it 's already killing me, 
  just watch e13 , trust me, 
  it 's against the subreddit rules , check the irc channel, 
  it 's never too late . 
  if you have passion and you enjoy doing something , do everything to make it happen . 
  good luck, 
  wow that 's awesome . 
  watched the pilot and love it, 
  i feel like going for a run now !, 
  but alredy did enough cardio for today , 
  haha happened to me a few times already , what relief when the white boxers stay white, 
  holy fucking shit . 
  i wo n't say anything , because you guys have said it all , but all that i know is bb is the best series i 've ever watched and i do n't think this will change soon . 
  i am so excited but at the same time sad that it all ended already . 
  thank you guys for being the best and may the subreddit never die !, 
  nice view, 
  stoned cunts ? 
  why do you have that opinnion, 
  damn i wan na move to canada after i 'm done with school , this just made it want it more , 
  smoke weed brotha, 
  sea salt, 
  you can use food/egg coloring, 
  poweramp , best 3 $ i ever spent, 
  ca n't you just go to phone settings -  about the device -  update software ? 
  if you upvote this comment though , i get karma !, 
  thanks . 
  the champion on the picture is actually named karma , that 's why i posted it , 
  i like karma, 
  i wo n't say no to karma, 
  i never say no to karma, 
  thanks brah, 
  that 's so deep . 
  have an upvote !, 
  help me reach 150 comment karma !, 
  it 's something , 
  phoebe buffay ? 
  here 's my comment . 
  you got my permission to upvote it , 
  i need comment karma too ? 
  like it , like it !, 
  nope, 
  this thread will be dead since everyone on reddit is single :d, 
  nice to meet you, 
  what 's up , 
  wow you 're awesome  . 
  i 'll hook you up too , 
  how the hell does every album get leaked ? 
  can someone explain ? 
  i just bought cs : go yesterday and i really do n't get the drop system or what is it . 
  how do you get custom guns and stuff ? 
  do you need to buy them or are any of them free ? 
  help me , 
  thanks . 
  i 've seen many players that had the five seven jungle . 
  is it a very common drop or can i somehow get it for free ? 
  awesome , 
  guys please help me !, 
  i 've already posted this in / r/ifyoulikeblank but no replys . 
  i fucking love artifacts - c'mon wit da git down , the beat is banging . 
  any similiar songs with this kind of beat ? 
  ok i got a cs : go weapon case . 
  do i need to buy the key or can i get it in a drop ? 
  that 's awesome , i get excited too when i 'm the 420 , 1337 , or 1000th upvoter haha . 
  very nice , let 's go for 1000 !, 
  listening to word . . life atm . 
  looking good , thanks for the reply . 
  breathtaking, 
  done , 
  / r/trees brotha , 
  +35 for you , 
  +25 for you . 
  nothing more to upvote . 
  post more !, 
  +40 for you , 
  i know you 're just doing your job , but ca n't you be just a little less strict ? 
  i mean it 's not like i posted a picture of a building . 
  people liked it because it was a nice nature picture . 
  plus a lot of them said they loved the country and have been there already , which is huge since we are so small . 
  here . 
  have it !, 
  aw yiss, 
  i 'll probably do sl5x5 too . 
  do i start with the weight suggested ? 
  it seems low , but i do n't have much experience in most of the lifts so i guess i should stick with the numbers ? 
  have n't noticed your lovely comment before .
