  what the fuck what did you made me watch fuck you, 
  ruined ... 
  saved kappaross, 
  yhhahaha, 
  bigger streamers often send their viewers to other , usually smaller channels . 
  the viewers then announce their presence by spamming something like this : * we come from ( insert raid leader here ) . 
  you have been raided *, 
  fun fact . 
  choban ( spelled '' \u010coban '' ) in serbo-croatian means shepherd . 
  every other month ? 
  yeah , kinda, 
  swedish krona , so 141 $ ? 
  nice btw, 
  if you 're into vlogs , i would suggest casey neistat . 
  you mean kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk ? 
  would jablonec dnb be a good bet in this case ? 
  my post was removed , copying the post here :, 
  i 'm studying cs - 2nd year of a 3 year program ( i 'm from europe ) . 
  now i primarily used java for more then a year , but i think most of my knowledge is only `` passing knowledge '' . 
  i guess i know how to program , but i 'm not comfortable enough to , let 's say make a game in java or some other big-ish project . 
  most of the homework assignments were either using a skeleton code , or we had to write a single class . 
  so i mostly am not comfortable with classes ( which is the heart of java , i know ) . 
  do n't get me wrong , i understand what a class is , i know what an instance of a class is . 
  i do n't know when to use an interface , or an abstract class ; when to make a method static , when to make a class public/private/protected . 
  i 'm also not that comfortable with structuring a program ( dividing methods into certain classes ) , but i think that is mostly because i have n't worked with multiple classes enough , so i think that 's mostly practice . 
  can i gain that if i jump straight into android development ? 
  would something like derek banas - learn java in 30 minutes video ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpvgqx-txp0 ) be enough to refresh other aspects of java i have n't used much ( like io readers for example ), 
  overall from what you 've read above , do you think i know enough java to get through the book , without being dragged down because my `` lack of '' java knowledge ? 
  ** tl : dr : ** used java for more then a year , but i guess i only know enough java to pass the programming/algorithm classes ( not with ease ) . 
  do i know enough to get into the nerd ranch book , without java being the problem ? 
  i do n't have it , unfortunately . 
  yeah i was working with bash the other week . 
   how to kill all children, 
  and, 
   how to kill all children and parent, 
  were among a series of queries i tried . 
  hmm that seems really low , where did you calculate that ? 
  you should be good then . 
  good luck with your weight loss !, 
  nice try , guy !, 
  silicon valley, 
  i have the superlux hd-681 evo . 
  if you 're looking for great budget headphones , i highly recommend !, 
  i got mine for only 35 $ + shipping . 
  instead of reading for x hours , read x pages per session . 
  eli5 , since i suck at math ? 
  i feel you . . 
  it 's easier to open facebook and reddit and waste a few hours than to spend an hour reading a good book . 
  i remember the days when i read the whole harry potter series in just days . 
  need to get back into the habit of reading myself . 
  well my palms are sweaty . . 
  i 'm looking to upgrade my msi gp60 laptop . 
  i currently have a 500gb hdd , but the laptop has a free msata ssd slot . 
  here 's my plan , and you are welcome to criticize it/suggest better options :, 
  i have a 500gb hdd now but i 'm looking into 250gb ssds . 
  i have some money saved up , but i do n't know if i want to spend more than 100 $ ( so 500gb ssd is out i guess . . ) . 
  i think crucial mx200 would be a good choice ? 
  i can get a 250gb one for 87 $ . 
  here 's what i want to do with the `` setup '' . . 
  i will set up a dual boot ( ubuntu + windows 10 or 8 - not sure yet ) . 
  ubuntu will be my main os ( android development + daily use ) and i plan to virtualize some windows exclusive software ( so i do n't have to restart my laptop every time i need photoshop/premiere or something ) . 
  but the native windows 10/8 is only going to be used for gaming ( steam i guess ) , because native performance would work best on a mid-range laptop like mine . 
  i do n't know how to partition this though ? 
  both os 's on ssd i guess ? 
  all the gaming stuff on hdd or ssd ? 
  is 500gb hdd + 250gb ssd enough ? 
  i 'm open to suggestions . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-umnf5rwdnls/vjcgolzlaoi/aaaaaaaablm/seaxjn_5jo4/s1600/bodishi.jpg ), 
  not really . 
  intermittent fasting is an example of a great diet . 
  and by dieting i do n't mean starving yourself , but giving yourself a x hour period where you eat at your caloric deficit , and the rest you fast ( example : 6 hours eating , 18 hours fasting ) . 
  it also has some benefits to overall health and focus . 
  google it if you 're interested in the topic, 
  comparing antivac to fasting ? 
  wow , k. 
  so if you eat 2500kcal in 10 hours it 's eating , but when you do it in 6 hours it 's starving ? 
  ok . and you can drink while you 're fasting lol, 
  i 'm not talking about ramadan , i 'm talking about intermittent fasting . 
  who said you need to eat everything in one sitting ? 
  you have a 6 hour ( or less/more ) window . 
  you can easily eat a bigger meal with most of your daily calories and split the rest . 
  of course it 's a bit hard at first but you get used to it . 
  there 's not much science to back me up here , but here is a pretty good article from bodybuilding.com with plenty of references :, 
  and a relevant article from sciencemag : http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2015/06/short-term-fasting-may-improve-health, 
  i do get your point though , fasting is n't for everyone, 
  url to my channel is cybermythcs but my actual channel name is just cybermyth . 
  i was thinking about cm and cs and now that i 've seen your draft i think i might go with cm , because it looks great . 
  about the colors . . 
  the ones in the draft look ok , but maybe some different shades ? 
  and also i 'd maybe prefer the background not being white . 
  some [ suggestions ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/91/9d/2d/919d2d27b9bd65c9b7d841a2361378ec.jpg ) of 3 color combinations . 
  the top one and the bottom one look really nice to me . 
  thanks for your effort !, 
  and his fucking grin when he reveals his huge proof, 
  the scary part are the 28k likes this video currently has . 
  wtf ? 
  wow , sorry , i thought i replied , but i guess i did n't . 
  the colors look better , but you can still play around a bit if you wish . 
  might just use this one though , while it is n't perfect i think it looks clean and close to perfect , 
  it 's a joke ...
