  another thing if you do n't mind . 
  i also need to make a function , that will return a list of tuples . 
  the first element of a tuple is a number of times a pair appears in the text . 
  and the second element is the said pair ( actually a list ) . 
  example of an output would be :, 
  [ ( 1 , [ ` john ' , ` cindy ' ] ) , ( 2 , [ ` peter ' , ` susan ' ] ) ], 
  i 've tried this , but it is n't correct . 
  def count_pairs ( text ) :, 
  pairs = find_pairs ( text ), 
  number = pairs.count ( pairs ), 
  for pair in pairs :, 
  t = ( number , pair ), 
  s.append ( t ), 
  return s, 
  thank you for the explanation , that clears things up . 
  sorry but i ca n't believe that . 
  i. . . no ... 
  yes , i 'm using python3 . 
  and so far , we do n't really care about memory usage , as long as the programs run and work correctly . 
  i am not quite familiar with lambda . 
  when is it used ? 
  what exactly does it do ? 
  does it work kinda like sum ? 
  thank you , i was thinking about using zip here , but could n't get a correct output . 
  wow there 's one place where you can get free air in europe . 
  awesome !, 
  take a shower . 
  you stink, 
  ok if i understand correctly , this way is more efficient when we have fractions ? 
  if i have a fraction i should n't rationalize the denominator , but calculate the angle of nominator and denominator separately and get a final angle . 
  thanks for your answer . 
  damn , thank you for this . 
  i 've almost shed a tear . 
  sorry , english is n't my native language , thanks for correcting me . 
  that clears things up , thank you !, 
  i got one . 
  the first day i went to the gym after like a year , me and my friend just demolished our arms . 
  everything we could remember doing , we 've done it . 
  i swear i had doms for at least a week . 
  i could n't straighten my hands for at least 5 days . 
  it was school time at the time and i had to one strap it , lol, 
  wait , what happened ? 
  i went all-in on c9 , but i was asleep since i 'm from europe . 
  ddos i assume ? 
  steam e-mail system is probably down again . 
  i think i 'll just get through [ this ] ( https://www.khanacademy.org/math/algebra2 ) series if there are no better suggestions . 
  opinions ? 
  thanks, 
  edit : do n't know this seems to basic ... 
  welp i 've read half of your post and even though flying is the safest , i have n't and wo n't fly ever . 
  going to learn how to walk on water . 
  brb, 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  if the probability is really small and n ( in this case years ) is big , we can get a good approximation using the binomial distribution , right ? 
  interesting point about the questionable independence of events . 
  i 'll try to keep details like that in mind when solving similar problems . 
  thanks !, 
  thank you . 
  just had the exam and had a similar problem and i managed to solve it , thanks to you !, 
  appreciate it !, 
  it ai n't over till it 's over . 
  i believe !, 
  yeah this is common in slovenia too . 
  most stores use the coin thing -, 
  yes :(, 
  i ctrl+f ` ed to see if anyone mentioned this . 
  i keep a full pack in my backpack when i go to classes and another one in my jacket 's pocket at all times . 
  really ? 
  :d how did it work out ? 
  i have n't played lol in about a year . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  there still is n't an official replay system ?!, 
  haha true , i 'm from slovenia . 
  it 's based off of it , yes . 
  a few . 
  what does that have to do with csgo and why would you downvote me based on that lol . 
  how many gaming subreddits do you have subbed ? 
  are you a nerd or something ? 
  see how that sounds ? 
  oh sorry , i thought you meant i 'm a bad person for subscribing to a few r34 subreddits lol . 
  yeah i find funneh le internet le jokes amusing . 
  oh my god , casual is so goddamn boring . 
  i have n't played a lot of cs lately , because college ... 
  so i was level 2 and had to get to level 3 . 
  i played casual for almost 3 hours to rank up and it hurts so bad when you die early in the round . 
  a pain to watch , really . 
  found that out the hard way . 
  damn , that 's clean . 
  nice job, 
  noooooo , i wanted to bet low + on rock , after seeing their performance vs kinguing yesterday , and i missed the beginning of the match by 10 minutes . 
  it hurts :(, 
  well , i 'm not mad , that 's for sure :d . i 'm betting on a lot of underdogs lately ( since a lot of `` safe '' games are 85 + and it just is n't worth it for my inventory ) , but lost almost all of them , so i 'm kinda glad i missed it now :d . 
  that 's the points . 
  it 's crappydesign !, 
  there 's a new season ? 
  i 'm currently on a slow grind ( around 10 $ profit ) but now i want to give it a shot and spend around 30 $ so i can bet bigger . 
  i was wondering what would be best ? 
  i was thinking 30 $ worth of keys , but where should i purchase them ? 
  what do you think is best ? 
  will probably do that , yeah .
