  largely forgotten today . 
  they were also 1/7th of the colonial population in 1775 yet represented 40 % of the army , which was nice of them . 
  you 're the voice of reason , m8 . 
  there are two usages i see . 
  i am going to write the rest of this comment as if i were speaking to an american . 
  one , the obviously trivial . 
  i 'm part-english , - german , and - scots-irish ( do any of you know what that is ? ) . 
  people who use this sense , self included , are just a little too into genealogy . 
  no harm in that . 
  two , the sense particular to the irish and italians . 
  moreso the italians these days , but irish identity was extraordinarily strong pre-jfk . 
  here , when someone says `` are you italian ? '', 
  like they do on the jersey shore tv show , they mean to ask if you 're from the same `` tribe '' that they are . 
  the irish and italians historically were not big on integration - they settled in major east coast cities , carved out a quarter for themselves , and self-isolated . 
  same for the polish in chicago , which is how [ something like this ] ( http://www.slate.com/content/dam/slate/articles/arts/culturebox/2014/05/cbox_blattlanguage_2.jpg.crop.original-original.jpg ) happens even though the height of polish immigration was 150 years ago . 
  ( the blue state in the middle is illinois , which is where chicago is . ), 
   r/badhistory would disagree worst argument from authority ever, 
  okay , then what are you complaining about ? 
  23 of 28 are not paying their share . 
  of course they do n't want the dude paying for their lunch to leave . 
  the agreement was that everyone spend 2 % of gdp . 
  if you thought that would amount to wasting money , then why did you agree to it ? 
  btw , imo , `` the west '' is essentially code for christendom minus christianity . 
  a short answer , but a lot of thought went into it . 
  second question is interesting . 
  i hope people do n't miss it . 
  you may think the restaurant i choose is too expensive , but if i 'm picking up the tab , you will prefer it to bringing a brown bag lunch . 
  [ fwiw ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/nato-calls-for-rise-in-defence-spending-by-alliance-members-1434978193 ), 
   being the only non-spanish speaking country in latin american ( i think ) , i tend to mentally separate it from the others . 
  there are four - the other three just never come up . 
  brazil , belize , guyana , suriname . 
  i had to google it . 
  fwiw , in like 7th grade we read a short story by a japanese immigrant who said that upon arrival in san francisco , she and her mother got off the plane and were like , '' ... where are all the cowboys ? '', 
  iirc they immigrated slightly after the war . 
  - o-h !, 
  - if public perception matters , houston 's chances are getting better every week . 
  where do they put it ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  you do n't see the portmanteau , or you 've been and did n't bone as often as you would have liked ? 
  might be this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/time\u2013manner\u2013place pretty weak article by wikipedia standards . 
  i expected better !, 
   several types of carry may be practised : piggyback , fireman 's carry ( over the shoulder ) , or estonian-style ( the wife hangs upside-down with her legs around the husband 's shoulders , holding onto his waist ) . 
  fwiw , i learned this in german - not for adjectives but something else . 
  there 's a three-letter acronym describing what order things are supposed to go in . 
  one of them is t for temporal . 
  i 'm just joking . 
  i do n't read those . 
  if you guys could just answer honestly , we would stop asking . 
  impose an economic hurdle to entering the schengen area . 
  some amount that would be small enough for first-world vacationers not to notice yet large enough for third-world migrants to maybe not have . 
  not everyone wants to spend $ 1.4 million on cinnamon buns, 
  i anticipated stalling , but this is ridiculous !, 
  i can understand all that , but i feel we 're talking our way around the data . 
  germany and france are more similar to each other than to the us vis a vis government benefits . 
  yet france and america have fertility rates of 2.01 and 1.88 to germany 's 1.38 . 
  you 're aware poor americans have a lot more kids than rich americans , yes ? 
  no no , it 's more like 1 in 7 or 8 if we only count adults !, 
  of course , x % of the 10 mm are children , so it 's really even higher . 
  will you enslave the spanish or indoctrinate them into your portuguese ways ? 
  yeah , you also have to wonder if some countries are reporting their numbers accurately . 
  saudi arabia claims to be dead last in both categories . 
   the main points of the attack are :  * an armored attack on ruhnu island using the nation 's tank , which can be used once the sea is frozen over makes it sound like latvia only has one tank lol, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate weird : lithuania ranks 2nd among men , but only 29th among women . 
  latvia : 14th and 86th . 
  poland : 15th and 98th . 
  ukraine : 16th and 55th . 
  russia : 7th and 46th . 
  you will be required to answer as a brit , and lest you argue that you still only have one border , you must also consider `` x going independent '' as a border change . 
  viking age is best age . 
  wait . 
  it 's not the swiss building the fence ? 
  i feel like if any country were to wall themselves in , it would be switzerland . 
  the others all have one prominent feature that makes them slightly atypical of the group . 
  norway is n't in the eu , denmark is on the mainland , finland does n't speak a germanic language , iceland is an island . 
  run lola run is overrated, 
  the amount of das leben der anderen mentions is too damn low, 
  do you want to hold the baby ? 
  `` ah yes , you can see how similar she looks . '', 
  it 's stupid that you 're getting downvoted , but based on the recent demographic survey i 'm not surprised . 
  guys , everyone on all sides acknowledges that hrc is the hawkish candidate . 
  this is not up for debate . 
  dt spoke out against invading iraq back in ' 03 , when it was very unpopular to do so . 
  hrc , like everyone else in the senate , was all for it . 
  critical thinking . 
  get some . 
  what do small french children do ? 
  what do you make of the recent study that says finns are a genetically distinct group , separate from europeans and asians ? 
  is there a theory on how that might have happened , historically ? 
  i read that article when it came out and am too lazy to read it again , but the problem i had with it at the time was that if you go so far as taking numerals , you may as well say , `` fuck checking input . '', 
  from a risk/reward perspective , are n't you worse off ? 
  we 'll move to the uk and teach you how to spell . 
   ( just havin ' a giggle , m8 . ), 
  ( `` deuces '' being slang for goodbye . ), 
  that was my thought as well . 
  you could see how `` small , blue booklet = passport '' would be helpful to authorities . 
  or rather , how `` let 's have a big , orange booklet '' would be unhelpful to your citizens when traveling . 
  cyprus # 1, 
  weird . 
  european passports are almost all red ; north american , all blue . 
  a lot of things about american english do n't make sense .
