  question : is it true that imperialists refer to the current flag as black-red-chickenshit ? 
  great thread , btw . 
  look how well this turned out . 
  my thought as well . 
  i can only let him off the hook if he was worried the neighbor would present him with a bill for all his expensive lawn treatments . 
  perfect . 
  please leave your other story , though . 
  i can feel the guy yelling at me . 
  people are n't getting what you mean by nimby . 
  if i may ... 
  the key nuance here is that the public be pro-x conceptually , yet anti-x if the x is going to be near them ( i.e. , in their figurative backyard ) . 
  a good european example is wind turbines . 
  everybody wants clean , renewable energy . 
  nobody * wants big , ugly turbines crowding their view . 
  sometimes nimby is reasonable , like with nuclear waste disposal ( thank god for the barren deserts of nevada ) . 
  other times -- and this is what op wants examples of -- it 's just people bitching over minor inconvenience . 
  * except / u/eurovisionist7, 
  something about the pointing really tops the story off . 
  the hell are you called then ? 
  cry-egg ? 
  correct ? 
  have you seen that hidden cell phone video of the inside of a uk-based `` sunday school '' type thing ? 
  as i type that , i know there 's more than one , but i think you would know if you had seen this one in particular . 
  it was legitimately two or three times as bad as i was expecting . 
  no kidding . 
  i can understand why people go in for collectivism . 
  it appeals to your sense of fairness . 
  but the fact is , you ca n't run a company like that . 
  it 's the same basic reason why group projects sucked in school . 
  if nobody is in charge , people shirk duties , simple decisions become big fights , etc. 
  the biggest problem , though , is why should you maximize your effort if others who slack off reap equal rewards ? 
  if it were an effective system of management , it would win in the market . 
  it has yet to , with ample opportunity . 
  i think they both get like 5-10x the per dollar efficiency that the us gets , fwiw . 
  brb moving to russia, 
  china gets much better bang for the buck . 
  you ca n't really compare in those terms . 
   but republicans wo n't impeach their guy only true clause in this whole post . 
  flair, 
  did you lose a bet , op ? 
  `` eu '' is not very chant-able either , at least in english . 
  imagine if we used a french word for them though . 
  how lol would that be ? 
  reservations . 
  a reservoir is a whole other thing . 
  `` grandpa , we call them 0x000000 zoenen . 
  it 's the future , remember ? '', 
  i think you 're not alone on this one . 
  my grandmother says `` darkies . '', 
  never heard anyone else say it , but i 'm pretty sure it 's not pc . 
  one of the best wikipedia pages i ever came across discussed this exact phenomenon . 
  i assume it was deleted , because i could never find it a second time . 
  basically , there 's this infinite loop of medical terminology for the physically and mentally handicapped , which has continued since at least the 1940s . 
  words like `` idiot '' and `` lame '' started their lives as formal medical terms , turned into colloquial insults , and were replaced by new terms , which would also become insults , and on and on . 
  not condemning you , more complimenting myself on my good memory . 
  ( it was the `` yikes . '' ), 
  she had her own show on the disney channel , aimed at the middle school / early high school age group . 
  i would hesitate to call her a singer . 
  my copypasta senses are tingling . 
  why do you say that ? 
  is that how the government counts things ? 
  to be honest , i am not quick to condemn such things , especially the money . 
  i feel that in modern times , we are without struggle . 
  we , who have never needed to be brave , condemn a lack of bravery - - on what grounds ? 
  to expect everyone to be brave cheapens bravery itself . 
  the average man is not oskar schindler or fritz bauer . 
  to condemn him for that fact is not something i do , both out of fairness to him and out of respect for schindler and bauer . 
  ohh , i think i get it . 
  you `` added value '' ipso facto you are not an end-consumer . 
  i.e. , everyone is treated as an end-consumer until proven otherwise . 
  so , price difference tax ? 
  it feels odd to use the word `` value '' here . 
  if i buy a physical cd of hit me baby one more time for $ 15 , and i get britney spears to lick it , how much value was added ? 
  who did the adding ? 
  does it matter ? 
  edit . 
  say i sold it for $ 75 on ebay . 
  why not just do a flat sales tax ? 
  what is the advantage of vat ? 
  question : what is meant by `` value added '' ? 
  wait , why do we call her joan ? 
  jean is a name . 
  we could 've used that . 
  say what you want . 
  it 's working for them . 
  i 've think heard of this guy , or someone like him . 
  did he challenge non-believers to one-on-one combat , using only a sword while the opponents used a sword and shield , to demonstrate the superiority of the christian god ? 
  or maybe they can give us a call . 
  they 've got the right flag . 
  being a night owl myself , that sounds like an everliving hell . 
  hmm . 
  wonder why he did that . 
  is joke , comrade . 
  til where hellenic comes from . 
  i asked my teacher this as a kid , and she she was like , `` uh , maybe helen of troy . '', 
  i was like , `` you dumb shit , that 's not the fucking answer . 
  i resent your authority over me . '', 
   also , under his reign first documents of diplomacy of newly formed state appeared , while rurik never made it to documented contacts with other nations that is a pretty strong point , looking at the debate from the outside . 
  even today , you are not really a nation until and unless other nations recognize you . 
   our main chronicle , the primary chronicle , the name checks out .
