  get some sleep !, 
  first , let me apologize for misrepresenting you . 
  i hate when people do that to me . 
  on some level , my post was intended for both you and the danish chap . 
  now then ...  i 'm no expert on the inner workings of uk/eu security cooperation ha . 
  neither am i. 
  let 's not front . 
  we 're all just spitballing here . 
  sure , yes , it 's a win-win to cooperate . 
  that does n't necessarily mean both wins are equally sized , however . 
  unequivocally , the british have the strongest intelligence reputation in europe . 
  their laws permit them a lot more spying on the citizenry than most eu states . 
  i also hear that half of the europe-to-north america internet traffic flows through the uk , and they can tap all of it . 
  the reverse is not the case . 
  not to mention , they are , after all , an island nation . 
  apart from ireland , they do not share a border with anyone . 
  if you want to smuggle guns via land into the czech republic , you must go through germany/austria/poland / slovakia . 
  ergo , it behooves the czechs to have working relationships with the aforementioned nations . 
  the same can not be said of the uk -- * not to the same degree . 
  * secondly , the uk is part of the five eyes . 
  together , those five nations , by virtue of their geographic locations , have access to a high percentage of the global internet traffic -- * much higher than the eu has access to * . 
  where intelligence is concerned , you do need them more than they need you . 
  no question in my mind . 
  ----- moreover , this is simply the nature of negotiations . 
  maybe it 's a win-win for me and the car dealership if i buy a car for $ 40k , but i would rather buy it for $ 35 , and in order to buy it for $ 35 i * must * be willing to walk . 
  that 's how i interpret the uk 's messaging on the topic . 
  this is them saying , `` you think you hold all the cards , but you do n't . '', 
  the fact that junker responded by calling it blackmail , to me , was a public acknowledgement that using security as a bargaining chip would , in fact , work . 
  it is something they value very highly . 
  and i do n't blame the uk one bit . 
  when it comes to trade , lives are n't on the line but livelihoods are . 
  potentially hundreds of thousands of jobs are at stake , and not just in the near-future but in perpetuity . 
  desperate times call for desperate measures . 
  you have to play it like this . 
  you have to . 
  i find a number of things about that position odd . 
  one . 
  you both acknowledge that the eu does not have a right to the uk 's intelligence , but you go on to say that they had better give it to you anyway . 
  i view this as a distinction without a difference . 
  two . 
  it is totally unfair to say , `` we will negotiate x , y , and z , but here is where we draw the line '' when everything on the other side of that line benefits you . 
  this is called having your cake and eating it too , which pro-eu partisans have accused the uk of over and over ( not that they were wrong , but nonetheless ) . 
  three . 
  states weigh lives against economics all the fucking time . 
  intelligence costs money . 
  you are asking to benefit from something the british public spends money on ... for free . 
  they do n't get it for free . 
  why should you ? 
  four . 
  as a veteran of this subreddit , i can safely say that every time the topic comes up , people say , `` no , terrorism is no big concern . 
  compared to traffic deaths , it 's nothing . '', 
  if it 's such a non-concern , how is this blackmail ? 
   once again , the scenario is bunk , dude . 
  that 's not a knowable thing . 
  you 're just eating up the headlines , man . 
  `` omg blackmail . '', 
  give me a break . 
  congratulations , you 've been effectively propagandized . 
  yeah , i 'm insane . 
  take your italics and run along . 
  you do n't have a right to the uk 's intelligence cooperation . 
  you just do n't . 
   they need the eu more than the eu needs it . 
  someone needs to explain to me where this idea comes from , because i do n't get it . 
  the uk runs a gigantic trade deficit with the eu27 . 
  gigantic . 
  they 're also home to the financial capital of the world . 
  so , the uk does two things for you : they buy your shit , and they finance your shit . 
  from where i 'm sitting , you absolutely need them . 
  what am i missing ? 
  each of them , individually , is correct . 
  as a group , they are not , but i am not a group !, 
  i do n't have a thousand votes . 
  i have one . 
  try as you might , you ca n't defeat this logic . 
  if you 're down 10 goals with 2 seconds left , you lose . 
  if you have one vote in a state that will be decided by tens of thousands * if it 's close * , your vote is irrelevant . 
  that 's just the way it is . 
   and i think this is true for most knifes . 
  a salient point . 
  in theory , collaboration of any kind implies mutual benefit . 
  that said , british intelligence has a strong reputation for a reason . 
  i would n't be surprised if they give more than they get . 
  would you ? 
  economics is trickier to judge . 
  i 'll let others do that . 
  aha , i see the humor now . 
  `` i 've had enough of these composts ! '', 
  already has an english meaning , unfortunately . 
   but at the same time i feel my english has gotten worse and i find myself making mistakes i did n't use to do . 
  that 's been happening to me , too . 
  when i was a little kid , i was a great speller . 
  now i ca n't spell shit . 
  spellcheck would only tell you you were wrong . 
  autocorrect does it for you . 
  over time , your brain begins to collaborate with autocorrect rather than actually spell the word . 
  that 's my theory , anyway . 
  there was a funny case of this recently . 
  [ guy verhofstadt called on the eu to become a `` more perfect union . 
  '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5qp5j9/verhofstadt_calls_to_the_eu_to_become_a_more/ ) there is a ~ 99.5 % chance he got that phrase from the us constitution .
