you 're the voice of reason , m8, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate most of europe is in the 0-5 range . 
  denmark is 1.0 . 
  russia is 9.5 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:2013_chicago_homicide_map.png now , after seeing that map , keep in mind that a huge percentage of these murders go unsolved , because gangs prefer revenge over the criminal justice system . 
  witnesses -- even friends of the victims -- will often refuse to cooperate with investigations . 
  they will refuse to testify . 
  even if you 're not in a gang , if you live in these areas , you are at risk . 
  drive-by shootings accidentally kill little kids all the time . 
   * tell him , not me . 
  he has described himself that way as long as i can remember . 
   look how denmark , sweden or norway compares to us on metrics ranging from crime rate if we compare white people to white people , the numbers are less startling . 
  12 % of our population is responsible for  50 % of murders . 
  how would denmark address gangland chicago ? 
  i do n't really care . 
  america will never elect an avowed socialist . 
  what , do n't know it happened ? 
  wrong . 
  bro , those states still vote as a bloc 150 years later . 
  i would n't say we made it out unscathed . 
  no matter who wins , the much of the public will question the * legitimacy * of their presidency . 
  kind of like ya boy abe . 
  not to that extreme , but to perhaps the largest extent since . 
  this one is different, 
  legally , or just generally ? 
  their jerseys are n't just part black , they 're ... all-black . 
  i support this chap . 
  i see him around askeurope . 
  he 's a good egg . 
  also , the word you 're looking for in that last section is ` recusal . ', 
  can also be a verb . 
  `` the prosecutor recuses himself . '', 
  do n't collectively punish me , bro . 
  i think the wehrmacht may have thought they were sending the men to pow camps . 
  the netherlands is germanic . 
  if you buy hitler 's race theory , it would be a crime to spill german blood . 
  that would be a reasonable conclusion to arrive at for a young man on the front lines . 
  note the may . 
  i do n't claim to know for a fact what was going on inside their heads . 
  you do , though , do n't you ? 
  interesting . 
  oh , you 're more than a little disturbed ? 
  well , i wo n't want to disturb you further . 
  it 's easy to judge . 
  that 's my fucking point . 
  unfortunately , it also keeps your cars nice and bomb-free . 
  they did n't shoot 600 men in the street for the crime of murder . 
  they shipped them away . 
  that 's all . 
   also these guys grew up ~ 1920 so they knew what total war was like ( ww1 ) how is that ? 
  to have intelligent memories of ww1 ( beyond your personal experience as a child doing children 's things ) , you 'd need to be about 12 in 1918 . 
  men born in 1906 were 33 by 1939 . 
  the majority , if not the vast majority , of the armed forces would have been far younger . 
  by 1944 , 18yos were born in ' 26 . 
  if they were really monsters , they could have just rounded up the 600 and shot them in the street . 
  it happened plenty of other places . 
  besides , the nazis did have pow camps . 
  you ca n't honestly believe the men on the front lines had full knowledge of what would happen to these 600 . 
  it 's easy to judge . 
  following orders has absolutely nothing to do with this situation . 
  if you are a policeman and arrest someone for drunk driving , then put him in jail , you are not to blame if the jailors murder him . 
  if anything , lack of emotional attachment is a positive in such things . 
  if a judge 's daughter gets raped , they do n't let him preside over the trial . 
  you betcha, 
  i feel these details somewhat confirm what i 'm trying to get at --  on 2 october , 661 men between the ages of 18 and 50 were taken to amersfoort concentration camp , where 59 older or unfit men were released . 
  i find myself in the unenviable position of defending nazis ... 
  i can see his logic re noncombatant vs partisan , to be honest . 
  `` we 've got a problem with people blowing up cars '' =  `` get rid of the military-age males . '', 
  if you want to take issue with someone , let it be the people running the labor camps . 
  roger that . 
  what 's a comar ? 
  google just says it 's a city . 
  one of my earliest experiences on the internet was playing yahoo chess when i was 12 . 
  i am 28 now . 
  i played a man from turkey . 
  during the match , we were chatting . 
  to express that i knew anything at all about where he was from , i referred to istanbul as constantinople . 
  this dude went off . 
  bam , like , cursing at me with every bad word he knew . 
  12yo me was like , `` what ... the ... * fudge * just happened ? '', 
  the scenario , as i read it , is that europe is under attack from russia with chinese support , not that we 're trying to recreate barbarossa or install an emperor in beijing . 
  apples and oranges . 
  nato vs china and russia would be conventional , symmetrical warfare . 
  not relevant to today 's military . 
  naval superiority =  air superiority =  bomb the shit out of people . 
  in ww2 dudes were flying around in cardboard compared to today . 
  what are allies for ? 
  still no . 
  we control the seas . 
  if you look at the report , giving money was only one of three factors ( helping a stranger , volunteering time were the others ) . 
  it does not appear that amount given was considered -- only whether the respondent had donated anything . 
  from the linked pdf -- 1 . 
  united states of america 3 . 
  australia 4 . 
  new zealand 5 . 
  indonesia 8 . 
  united kingdom 9 . 
  ireland 10 . 
  united arab emirates 11 . 
  netherlands 14 . 
  norway 15 .
