  maybe . 
  one thought : we have fewer dates . 
  if , say , england were to commemorate every date as important as d-day , they 'd work 6 months a year . 
  feel free watch the university rankings thread , btw . 
  it seems not all indices are reliable after all . 
  it 's possible it was the same guy , but low-tech is the trend . 
  this is them adapting to the success of gchq , nsa , etc in thwarting their attacks . 
  if you want to make a bomb , you need materials t , u , v , w , x , y , and z. 
  most people buy one or two of those . 
  if you buy all 7 off amazon , congrats , you 're in the 100 . 
  fuck you . 
  it 's more complex than that . 
  manchester still got through . 
  but you see what i 'm saying . 
  a truck takes zero preparation , zero knowhow , zero time . 
  zero prerequisites . 
  how do you get that guy in your 100 ? 
  it 's tougher . 
  this guy knows his definitions . 
   `` stuff '' ? 
  para 2 is relatable . 
  it 's easier to forgive an enemy than a friend . 
  everyone has that problem . 
  when they say monitoring , they mean monitoring all communications to and from an individual . 
  everything . 
  phone calls with grandma . 
  a single person learns your life inside and out . 
  everybody , not just the uk , has the resources to monitor like 10 % of targets . 
  you can only staff so many people . 
  so , the uk does what everybody does . 
  they prioritize targets to the best of their ability , usually not going on much . 
  say you have 1,000 targets . 
  people you 've been tipped off to . 
  5 are going to commit a terrorist act unless you stop them . 
  you get to pick 100 guys to watch . 
  the other 900 , the best you can do is watch for keywords in their texts and emails . 
  as you can see , no matter how good you are at picking your 100 , someone is going to get through . 
  oh , good god . 
  how are their rights limited ? 
  they 're american citizens . 
  are you aware of that ? 
   to not have to integrate them , you guys do n't even know what integration is . 
  you take a plate of scrambled eggs and sprinkle pepper on them . 
  that 's not integration . 
   we do not have `` reservations '' where we keep `` the wild '' out of our society wat . 
  the point of reservations is that the indians be free-ish from the white man 's government . 
  they can mingle with the rest of society at any time . 
  in fact , if we ever tried to shut those down , it would be a huge shitstorm . 
  one , treaties . 
  two , they make tons of cash by virtue of being exempt from various laws and taxes . 
  casinos , cheap gas , cheap beer . 
   and a lot of rather unfortunate exoticization . 
  hmm . 
  first new thing i 've heard someone say about immigration in months . 
  can you give an example ? 
  i 'm here , and i 'm glad to see everyone is finally coming over to the nfl . 
  what are your teams ? 
  wait , synchronized base jumping ? 
  not skydiving ? 
  synchronized base jumping ? 
  what do you do ? 
  there 's no time to do anything . 
  then again , synchronized ( swimming pool ) diving exists , so who knows . 
  you win this time , austria . 
  you win this time . 
  what did he steal ? 
  more like black-red-and-gold amirite ohohoho hooooo i 'm lonely, 
  see this is why you guys need fewer vacation days . 
  edit . 
  humorless cunts . 
  i wag my finger at you . 
  it 's june in europe . 
  these jokes have to stop now . 
  let me just clarify exactly what i meant by my above comment before anything else . 
  he 's saying , '' [ iran is ] a country whose politics the us [ ... ] do n't like . '', 
  i 'm saying this goes beyond mere politics . 
  iran could be a carbon copy of the us , politically , but if they still chanted `` death to america , '' we would still ... dislike them . 
  actually , `` dislike '' is n't really the right word , but i do n't know what is . 
  we did some fucked up shit during the cold war . 
  we still do . 
  honestly , if you want my real opinion , we ca n't keep ourselves from playing 5d chess . 
  we 're an octopus with 800 tentacles but no brain to run the show . 
  this section of that department of this building of the cia supports guerrilla group x ; that section of that department of that building of the cia supports guerrilla group y ; and so on , for every inch of the national security apparatus . 
   yes the hostage crisis is not a `` little thing '' , but it 's not sufficient enough to justify such an hostile relationship . 
  turkey continue to deny a genocide yet they are member of the otan , we can as a group surpass these differences to work together when they are not essential anymore to define our relationships . 
  yeah , but it 's different . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47mazydnmau#t=2m10s ( note the timestamp ) the big example here is china . 
  how many tens of millions of women have undergone forced abortions in china ? 
  do we talk about this when xi comes to town ? 
  no , of course not . 
  we need them , and , frankly , we fear them . 
  we do n't need iran . 
  we do n't fear iran . 
  if they want to play stupid games , we 've got some very stupid prizes waiting for them to win . 
  `` death to america the great satan '' -- mere political differences, 
  you also never know when you might get turned into a political prisoner . 
  yes , it 's highly unlikely , but they 've done it before and they 'll do it again . 
  pick up the book the black swan by nassim taleb . 
  i 'm stealing all of this from there , down to the example of city growth . 
  taleb is a controversial figure , but even his detractors will admit that the black swan is worth reading .
