  iceland 18 . 
  bhutan 19 . 
  oh , how could i have forgotten . 
  the identities of rapists , murderers , etc. 
  should be made public to protect the public from them . 
  the fact that they confessed and recorded their crime is relevant because your concern was that there may be multiple trials . 
  here , guilt is as certain as can be . 
  i agree with your general logic , but there is video evidence of the crime and all defendants confessed to the rape . 
  not even after convicted ? 
  if somebody assassinated angela merkel , nobody would ever know his name ? 
  that 's fine , but the trial is now over . 
  you have to name them at some point . 
  what gives ? 
  why did n't they publish the names of the defendants , especially the 21yo ? 
  bro , check out this map -- http://www.slate.com/content/dam/slate/articles/arts/culturebox/2014/05/cbox_blattlanguage_2.jpg.crop.original-original.jpg ( illinois is the blue one in the middle . ), 
  hello , i am from ohio . 
  what do we do now ? 
  germanische ? 
  given their unemployment rates , the greeks have plenty of time on their hands for sexual activity . 
  the author did an interesting interview with sam harris on harris 's podcast some months back , if any of you are inclined . 
  is putin really a black belt , or was creative license taken in the design on this dress ? 
  i like the dutch . 
  i always used to pick them in aoe for the gold boost . 
  when was your day ? 
   do you teach your children that its okay to lie ? 
   what 's wrong with you ? 
  you 're going completely off the rails here , man . 
  people are discussing whether there is a * legal case * . 
  apart from all that , an ahistorical explanation : hollywood made a fuckload of wwii movies . 
  and it remains the most recent major armed conflict , as defined by a full mobilization of forces . 
  i can only guess that automod is set to flag submissions with either word -- not necessarily to be auto-removed but possibly to be reviewed by the mod team . 
  cracking down ? 
  you tell him i said fuck you back !, 
  not that i like the guy , but zuckerberg might have better things to do than further some norwegian dude 's career . 
  `` make me ! '', 
  maybe his audience is people who read comments like this and think , `` gfy . '', 
  appears to be tied with ireland for highest non-muslim rate in europe https://muslimstatistics.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/fertility-mdii-graphics-webready-90-w610.png, 
  close enough : https://muslimstatistics.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/fertility-mdii-graphics-webready-90-w610.png, 
  does n't account for it . 
  non-muslim french fertility rate is still 1.91 to germany 's 1.38 . 
   +5 % missionary chance ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  nyt needs to rethink their thumbnail policy, 
  i need a show of good faith . 
  until that happens , you 're right , i wo n't respond . 
  you do n't need to spell anything out . 
  you accused me of misreading the table , among numerous other things -- all unfounded . 
  i want you to retract that accusation and about you were more interested in point scoring than actual debate , otherwise i wo n't proceed . 
  i 'm not going to expend the energy if you ca n't be bothered to contend with the argument i 'm making rather than the argument you wish i were making . 
  why would i ? 
  if you read it , why ca n't you tell me what 1 / 12 refers to ? 
  just admit you did n't read it, 
  the exercise of determining what the 1/12 refers to will lead you to the conclusion that your brief scan of the post was insufficient . 
  someone should kick it up to 11 , just for fun . 
  `` norwegian newspaper skullfucks zuckerberg . '', 
  that 's not an answer . 
  what does it refer to ? 
  i have n't replied to the meat of your comments because you do n't read the things i send you and you mischaracterize my positions . 
  the next closest is ar at 16th . 
  1/12 is a lot less than 10/12 . 
   believe it or not , of those 10 states we listed earlier , six make the bottom 13 ( top 13 if you 're looking at the chart , bottom 12 by your phrasing ) . 
  you tell me . 
  what does the 1/12 refer to ? 
  you 're incredible . 
   you 're also looking at the table ass backwards , you 're examining the bottom 13 , you did n't read the post . 
  i examined both . 
  i.e. , the length of the next presidential term, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/blackpeopletwitter/comments/4a18ee/welfare_wasps/d0wxhmz?context=3 for your edification, 
   nothing you 've said disputes what was written not to an outsider . 
   government resources are concentrated where people are concentrated . 
  your point being ? 
  low population density states skew red . 
  yep , and the same in urban areas . 
  but food stamps and medicaid is less than food stamps and medicaid and housing . 
  i 've written whole long comments about it . 
  they take a long time to write , though . 
  just think about it . 
  government resources are concentrated in densely populated areas for reasons of efficiency . 
  country bumpkins do n't live in section 8 housing . 
  common myth, 
  it says 50 euro right there . 
   if it truly is reciprocity for the us esta c'mon . 
  it 's a way of keeping migrants out . 
  to figuratively beat is to literally defeat . 
  we use it in sports all the time . 
   and they used it also , to brand their critics as nazis or fascists . 
  i noticed this when studying german in college . 
  we had to make an effort to read german newspapers , etc. 
  there are people in the german press who will call you an anti-semite at the drop of a hat . 
  of course , people here do the same thing with `` racist . '', 
  here is my question . 
  why , after all the consternation with the turkish population in germany over the decades , would germany choose to lead the way in accepting migrants ? 
  and it 's not just merkel - there was popular support . 
  that 's the joke, 
  compared to the middle east ? 
  because that 's the point he is making . 
  three things . 
  skin color , eye shape , and lactose tolerance . 
  you 're going by exit polls for them but pew for trump . 
  if you use pew for them , they 're low 20s . 
  the numbers the first page of google gives are 24 % for trump , low 20s for mccain and romney .
