  because the eu is bigger ? 
  that 's not a reason . 
  this is economics , not war . 
  what does the eu have that the uk needs ? 
  investment opportunities ? 
  they can find those elsewhere . 
  they 're already the # 1 foreign investor in the us . 
  what do they need * on the level that the eu needs their investment capital * ? 
  nothing , as far as i can tell . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  we take these things very seriously in my family , being as my great-grandfather was a cheese . 
  we are proud cheese-americans . 
  fun fact : i was born again when i saw christ in a piece of cheese . 
  swiss , if you want to know . 
  there were holes in his wrists . 
  `` people here '' meaning citizens of the roi or ni ? 
  just to be clear . 
  one means one , bravas . 
  not two , and especially not zero . 
  choose !, 
  upvoted for honesty . 
  i suspect others are self-censoring based on the flair-based downvoting and light harassment ( i stress , light ) i see of brits in / r/europe . 
  really , though , i want to know what you hear `` people on the street '' say . 
  do you project bad things , and if so , how bad ? 
  how did you like the parks ? 
  makes sense . 
   women staying at home and not working does norway count that toward the official unemployment statistic ? 
  wowzers . 
   in 2016 60 % of african immigrants were unemployed for example . 
  damn . 
  can this be blamed on the refugee crisis , or was the percentage equally high beforehand ? 
  do you plan to apply , or no ? 
  i imagine it 's a tough decision . 
  wise words from the former super bowl mvp . 
   conventions and treaties the eu is part of , do not allow to turn down refugees . 
  yeah , but you decide who is a refugee and who is not . 
  even if those treaties tell you , theoretically , how to decide , you still decide . 
  wise words from the 2-time super bowl mvp . 
  i suspect the internet inflates that number , personally . 
  i think you could re-vote today , and the same thing would happen . 
  interesting . 
  law is humorous sometimes . 
  coffeeshops legally sell a product which they not only did obtain illegally but can only have obtained illegally . 
  sometimes i think we need a programming language for it , to catch such `` errors '' at compile time . 
  decriminalized ? 
  they must get crowded around christmas time . 
  i can say in all honesty that i have never heard them say anything . 
  a dislike for the japanese is probably more common . 
  so , who in europe is on #teampeach ? 
  as an aside , i hate to turn yet another thread into a discussion of rapefugees , but one could see how a coconut culture would make integration more difficult ( on top of all of the other things that make it difficult ) . 
   coconut culture ? 
  should women do the exact same tasks in your opinion ? 
  `` communism : great idea , wrong species . '', 
  -- somebody also , the `` means of production '' idea makes less and less sense . 
  if he 'd been writing 100 years earlier , he would 've just said `` land , '' but it 's during the industrial revolution , so let 's throw in factories and shit , too . 
  well , today , you can start a billion-dollar company with a $ 300 laptop . 
  where does communism insert itself ? 
  surely no one was being oppressed by not owning mark zuckerberg 's laptop . 
  you 're right , i do know much less . 
  the difference is that i do not pretend to know more than i do . 
  you guys all do this . 
  most of you have this 8th grade understanding of american politics , do n't realize it , and run around shooting your mouths off . 
  it 's annoying . 
  ( how much do americans do that ? 
  i 'd imagine ** much ** less . ), 
  worst of all , other americans will be like , `` see ? 
  europe agrees with me !, 
  europe is culturally enlightened , and so am i ! '', 
  europe does n't know what the fuck he 's talking about !, 
  he thinks jim crow was a real person !, 
  why do we care what he thinks about race in america ? 
  at the end of the day , you 've either milked a cow or you have n't . 
  reading news articles about cow milking ! = milking a cow . 
  it 's like you 're deliberately missing the point . 
  before , there were more providers . 
  now , there are fewer . 
  obamacare is not succeeding . 
  why do you need to have an opinion on something you know nothing about ? 
  what does that do for you ? 
  like i said , simplest talking points . 
  of 90 + counties in iowa , all but 5 are going to have one provider to choose from next year . 
  the rest will have two . 
  one of the companies leaving the market lost $ 90 million over the last three years . 
  one-third of counties in the us have one provider to choose from . 
  you do n't know these things , because it does n't affect you . 
    nothing against europeans , as you ca n't get a true feel of the politics in america ( they are very complicated )  i think you underestimate how much exposure to us politics ( and interest in us politics ) we have in europe . 
  he may indeed underestimate exposure levels , but he 's still absolutely right . 
  take obamacare for example . 
  eurofags have no fucking idea what obamacare entails apart from the simplest , simplest selling points , like number of people `` with health insurance . '', 
  https://www.google.com/#q=obamacare+deductible+2017 scroll down and look at the `` related searches . '', 
   and you could argue that trump only followed obama 's red line when he bombed an airfield in syria that would be hard to argue , as obama did not enforce his red line , to our shame . 
  as they say , do n't talk about it , be about it . 
  the above is a joke that requires you to speak german . 
  was that the best choice on my part ? 
  no , maybe not . 
  after googling some stats , sf is still # 1 . 
  looks like i was thinking of a news story from 2011 , when an lgbt magazine named minneapolis their gay capital . 
  minneapolis is known to be very gay-friendly , though , even if it ca n't realistically challenge sf . 
  it 's not even recognizable as portuguese . 
  it sounds like , `` dee trowm dess nacional social ismuss laybt immer noch in zood america . '',
