  i 'm offended . 
  i do n't need to try , baby . 
  i grant that you did not say those things , but you have to grant that the quote --  people in this country ** have had enough ** of experts from acronym organizations with no accountability telling them what to do says nothing about being wrong by default . 
  he says they 're frustrated . 
  fed up . 
  the attitude `` i am an expert =  i am right by default '' is off-putting the first time , loathsome the tenth . 
  you ca n't just go around informing people of your credentials , then belittling them if they question you . 
  it 's their life . 
  they have a right to a decision on matters that impact them . 
  let me give an intentionally trivial example . 
  you 're in the market for a new car . 
  i write for automotive monthly . 
  how many times would you let me insinuate that you want the wrong car , that you value the wrong things , that we all will suffer if we have to look at your hideous car every day -- until you tell me to go fuck myself ? 
  when you try to raise points , i turn around and giggle with my co-workers . 
  as you walk away , i dial my friend in tv and pitch him an idea for a comedy sketch . 
  `` an idiot who wants to buy a kia for the cupholders . '', 
  when did you mention cupholders ? 
  `` i gently explained that there are more important things in life than how many drinks you can fit in your car at one time ... aaaha ha ha . '', 
  he did not !, 
  he did n't gently explain * anything . 
  * maybe if the magazine writer had deigned to respond , you could have been persuaded . 
  but he did n't . 
  he literally expected you to just do whatever he thought was best with * your * car . 
  hell , maybe he 's right !, 
  maybe your kia will fall apart on the drive home . 
  but would that mean you were wrong not to listen ? 
  could n't disagree more -- but i have every intention of being polite and hearing you out . 
  my thing is this . 
  that 's a naive view of academia . 
  on the inside , disagreements are n't always won or lost on evidence . 
  it gets petty and political . 
  for another thing , to state the obvious , econ ai n't physics . 
  when physicist a disproves physicist b 's theory , b knows it pretty much right away . 
  compare : * economist * b will spend the rest of his life trying to rationalize his way out of being wrong . 
   the eu and geopolitics , and economics , etc are so complex that you need experts for that too . 
  ah , but the mere fact that a thing is complex does not imply that there exist experts who understand it . 
  what do you think : is it an accident that it was a physicist and not an economist famously said , `` if you think you understand [ subfield ] , you do n't understand [ subfield ] '' ? 
  of course not . 
  economists lack the intellectual humility to say such a thing . 
  if i barely follow european current events ( just subbed here yesterday ) and even i know the quote is being taken out of context , then everyone knows it . 
  and if everyone knows it , then people are deliberately being unfair , no ? 
  what else can we conclude ? 
  you can look but do n't touch, 
  do n't knock it till you try it - the view is incredible, 
  likely story, 
  googled to learn more . 
  you 're not going to believe this , but there are two i 's . 
  finnish , you cray !, 
  le pen the younger can get it tho, 
  agreed 100 % . 
  if you want me to scatter your ashes at machu picchu , you need to book the flight , pay the airfare , and email my boss . 
  that 's why i 'm calling bullshit on grandma . 
  if it were actually the daughter 's `` dying wish , '' a mentally stable person would find a surrogate . 
  what does n't ? 
  no , she has a regular column . 
  pay attention . 
  oh my god , lady . 
  reddit is not the media . 
  it 's a ) what she is most famous for and b ) unambiguously aligns her in the man-hating camp , if in a silly way . 
  the point is that you can guess her other views from that alone . 
  again , imagine genders flipped . 
  you will live and die without seeing a woman receive the treatment that astrophysicist with the anime girls shirt received . 
  why is it so hard to admit the media lets things slide from the one side but not from the other ? 
  it 's ironic , not hypocritical . 
  if you oppose the eu , it makes perfect sense to disrupt it . 
  the alternative , that a europhile hold your seat , directly damages your stated political goals . 
  i do n't know , but those are four `` talented '' countries . 
  you seem like a reasonable person, 
  she is a blogger and author who , among other things , sells mugs that say `` male tears '' on them . 
  what do you think ? 
  does the guardian take heat for hiring her ? 
  hypothetically , would the guardian take heat for hiring whatever you imagine the male equivalent to be ? 
  if answer # 2 is no , again , this goes back to my question from earlier . 
  why do no examples exist ? 
  why no mra whackjob with his own column in a prominent newspaper ? 
  understand , i 'm not advocating ( and i 'm not not ) . 
  i 'm saying that there is only one conclusion to arrive at . 
  the media is biased . 
  not conspiracy-biased , just regular biased . 
  but ... it 's everyone . 
  there are no exceptions , even fox news . 
  what 's her name , the male tears lady , writes a regular column for the guardian . 
  god dammit , / u/nounhud ... 
  i know , but i 'm asking to ask . 
  i think it 's noteworthy that no such example exists , whereas for female artists , man-hating is a viable pr strategy . 
  surely misogynistic male artists exist , but they do n't make comments like `` i hate women . 
  hate hate hate '' for a reason . 
  an obvious reason . 
  ipso facto , the media is biased . 
  what other conclusion can we arrive at ? 
  ( kesha , whom i love , was only forced in as much as her contract did not have a clause saying , `` if you accuse the other party of rape , you get out of the contract . '' ), 
  mel gibson is the best i got , but technically he was mainly hating on the jews . 
  did refer to his wife ( fiancee ? ), 
  as a whore , yada yada , in the same rant , though . 
  can you give an example ? 
  of a man getting away with it the way this girl does ? 
  keep in mind hers is habitual . 
  oh , i do n't think anyone is offended , per se , by the sentiment . 
  to me , admittedly not an a , mr or otherwise , it reads like , `` 2 +2 = 5 . '', 
  what does irk me is that if we follow the advice of feminist thought and flip the genders hypothetically , it becomes obvious that the hypothetical male celebrity would have a microphone in his face right about now .
