  if you misspell shakira 's name again , my hips will find you . 
  the political world only started getting interesting when franklin was already an old man . 
  ok , i will notify switzerland . 
  the swiss want you to leave the eu and use the swiss franc . 
  yea or nay ? 
  they all say no except for ... \\* rolls dice \\* ... ireland . 
  franco-hibernia : yea or nay ? 
  here we just say `` mars bar . '', 
  the real question is this : would you rather your genes be altered ... * to make you more attractive * to make you attracted to ugly people ? 
  that 's because i just invented it . 
  it 's not a great name , but it 's definitely a thing . 
  `` others have taught me a funny thing to say in this situation . '', 
  great . 
  it does n't invalidate the point being made . 
  yes , i do know the fog of war , though i saw it some years ago . 
   i see that you do , but it sounds like it may sound like that , but keep in mind the top-level comment accused the us of one specific reason for intervening -- thinking that we have `` the best '' system and others need to have it -- and called intervention therefore illegitimate . 
  i simply propose that all you really need is to think you have a better system than brutal dictatorship to justify the * legitimacy * of intervention . 
  i want it to sink in for people how depressing of a claim that is . 
  that we could easily rescue a people from a brutal dictatorship with no negative consequences , and yet their moral compass would tell them never to do it . 
  do they really believe that ? 
  i suspect not . 
  how well you do the job is another thing entirely , as you say . 
  no , our track record these last few decades is poor . 
  i 'm not sure how to respond to your third para without writing a novel , so i will leave it there . 
  i am home sick today . 
  response-ism . 
   and if only there was a way to normalise population sizes ... 
  if only it mattered ... 
  ask poland if they would rather have us or belgian support at the moment . 
   do n't take the harsh reactions personally , you 're one of the main contributors of this sub and you know how we tick by now . 
  thanks for the support . 
  this place does feel like / r/tellamerica sometimes . 
   you ask about legitimizing a military intervention but in the same breath absolve your hypothetical scenario of all the fallout the us gets criticized for all the time . 
  yup . 
  the point is to extract whether military intervention is a ) * inherently * wrong , or b ) often unwise vis a vis obtaining the outcome you desire . 
   and with the hindsight of the last half century we 'd prefer to err on the non-intervening side . 
  it 's funny you say that . 
  the general sentiment appears to be that intervention never works , but what is intervention ? 
  a war against the current regime . 
  military occupation . 
  the installation of a new regime . 
  can you think of an instance where this has succeeded ? 
  i bet you can . 
  oh , you want to be taken that literally ? 
  why did n't you say so !, 
  how many countries have put a man on the moon ? 
  of all western democratic-republics , we are the biggest . 
  depending on what you call western , we might even be four times the size of the second biggest , germany . 
  ( do n't pretend size does n't matter . 
  belgium would be different with 80 million people . ), 
  whose navy is sitting between china and taiwan ? 
  nk and japan ? 
  i disagree with the implication that we can only be different if we 're the most different . 
  it seems to me that you , personally , have a notable anti-american streak and are going out of your way to discredit an idea before you understand it . 
  yeah , we 're different from canada . 
  item # 1 : we 're ten times their size . 
  even the brits do n't spell superior with a ` u ' , btw . 
  you and / u/outrageous _ chausette are both dodging the question . 
  i can only take your responses as a tacit admissions that military intervention is indeed `` legitimate '' here -- the larger question is whether it will succeed . 
  is this true ? 
  if not , our next hypothetical is that hitler is gassing the jews , * but * he never invaded poland . 
   exceptionalism requires you to go a step further i did n't want to drone on about the first amendment . 
   second , your pragmatic meaning is also unable to justify american exceptionalism oh , it 's not a justification for x. 
  it 's a definition of x. canada was still a colony when the term came into use , so it really could n't apply equally , could it ? 
  secondly , i said powwwwerrrs . 
  european powwwerrrs . 
  we 're comparing powers with powers . 
  why ? 
  mexico has no foreign policy to speak of . 
  it does n't really matter what ideology they bring to the table , does it ? 
  totally , i 'm typing on a free computer right now . 
  let me challenge you on this . 
  you 're right about some things , but let me push you . 
  suppose , hypothetically , that north korea did n't have nuclear weapons , that they were n't an ally of china or anyone else , and that the south korean economy would n't get wrecked by millions of unskilled workers flooding the border if the two nations re-united . 
  nk is just a brutal dictatorship -- but a brutal dictatorship that a majority of the country ostensibly supports , due to massive brainwashing campaigns . 
  schoolteachers encourage children to report their parents for saying anything , even in private , against the regime . 
  when this happens , their parents are sent to concentration camps where everyone over the age of 40 walks around with their spine at a right angle . 
  true or false : it would be `` illegitimate '' to intervene militarily . 
  the stereotype is mainly that brits have very large , often crooked teeth , not that they 're unhygienic * per se * . 
  that 's what we mean by ` bad ' . 
  here , i have collected four images from family guy making fun of british teeth : http://imgur.com/a/op3xc, 
   czechoslovakia you have to admit , though , it 's a cool name . 
  no offense taken !, 
  if you 'll permit me to share a fun genealogical fact to prove your point , yours truly happens to be a direct descendant of the last man to be burned at the stake in england . 
  ( i know i said no wikipedia , but i have to make an exception ^ ^ 1 : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edward_wightman ) . 
  two of his three kids fled to america . 
  you could certainly call them `` rejects '' of a sort . 
  ----- of course , what you really mean is that successful people do n't uproot their families and move to a new continent , which is selbstverst\u00e4ndlich true . 
  ^ ^ 1 no pun intended, 
  thank you , very informative !, 
  sturgeon , salmond . 
  what is it with scots and fish ? 
  if a nick bass runs for office , i 'm betting money on him . 
  yeah , i can understand that . 
  `` peace be upon him '' and `` in the year of our lord yyyy '' are wtf-inducing from the outside , but the truth is that the words contain very little meaning . 
  they 're what you call a discourse convention . 
  the pledge does n't occur in discourse , of course , but you see what i mean . 
  oh , yes . 
  in my us government class in high school , we had to learn and define the term . 
  i 'm quite certain that all the responses so far would have been marked incorrect .
