  i could 've sworn i had seen 30 for trump and low teens for the other two , but regardless it would be inaccurate to say he 's pushing them into the arms of the democrats . 
  trump polls 2-3 times better with hispanics compared to recent gop nominees . 
  primaries are a different ballgame, 
  france zoned, 
  yeah , i bet tim cook watches a lot of tv . 
  `` in the dark , all cats are gray . '', 
  real quote . 
   in the 1960s , slovenian-american professor joseph felicijan discovered that jefferson had personally marked the page in bodin 's book discussing the installation ceremony . 
  according to felicijan , the description served as the primary inspiration for jefferson 's contractual theory , the notion that no one has an inherent right to rule someone else , but that a ruler enters a contract with the ruled and that he has an obligation to those he serves . 
  in other words , the ancient carantanian ceremony inspired the revolutionary american concept of government jefferson collected such things . 
  for instance , he wanted hengest and horsa on the seal , because he was under the impression that the germanic tribes who went to england were proto-democracies . 
  i 'm blanking on the name for it , but they had those councils of elders who assisted the king in decision making . 
  jefferson thought they had a little more power than they did . 
  it makes me feel like a lazy piece of shit knowing how learned this man was . 
  `` fixing to get wild , '' i 'm guessing . 
  i was being facetious tbh , but your point about a muslim french citizen is well-received . 
  imo , islam lacks the capacity to undergo the changes christianity did . 
  for most muslims , your holy book was written in your native tongue by god himself . 
  whereas for virtually all christians , the text was translated and re-translated . 
  you are able to take it less literally because you must . 
  at best , islam will change like judaism did . 
  but those sects of orthodox jews still exist ( imo , because of the ability to be literal with the text ) . 
  difference : jews are still waiting on their prophet , muslims are not . 
  they have their marching orders , and they are confident that no further orders are coming . 
  the qur ` an is the last word in every sense . 
  * culturally shunned and stoned, 
  this has happened in the us . 
  the case i 'm thinking of was in ohio . 
  germany had cool hats once , but they went out of style . 
  the pointy ones . 
  well , nashville is the country music capital . 
  it 's to be expected . 
  get clicks or die trying, 
  england is a country . 
  look at the infobox on the wiki page . 
  `` status : country . '', 
  you could n't do it without being accused of bias from all sides . 
  however , if i were going to float an idea , i would say count one medal per team member in team sports . 
  are you free saturday between 8 and 12 ? 
  likewise , you be aware that that section has `` citation needed '' after it . 
  russian disco bear prince, 
  eh , it 's more like a threat . 
  blackmail is a subcategory of threat , where the threat is to make secret information public . 
  all rankings methodologies are bullshit , tbh . 
  suppose we all agree x , y , and z are important -- and we 're even lucky enough to know how to measure each of them . 
  okay , now what ? 
  x + y + z ? 
  3x + y ^ 2 + 10z ? 
  there 's no answer , but the results shift around wildly depending on which you pick ( and you have to pick one ) . 
  hmm depends on the turd, 
   stifling bureaucracies this one is starting to get to us in the u.s. 
  i hate that i need a lawyer to find out whether i need a lawyer . 
  son of a bitch . 
  i was just going to link that !, 
  the `` and yet '' really takes it from good to great , imo, 
  russians at least have a sense of humor . 
  ... all i 've got is stop a douchebag / stop xam, 
  i have n't seen it yet . 
  you ? 
  here , i thought i might have a conversation with a russian without hearing the word ` nato . ', 
  false . 
  what happened to you , russia ? 
  you used to be cool . 
  how likely do you think it is that a report on someone 's death would specify which continent they were from but not their nationality ? 
  that 's in canada . 
  supposedly . 
  this seems like a poor use of 11 days . 
  he took it back iirc, 
  can we talk about the mickey mouse hand giving the finger ? 
  then `` elected bureaucrat '' would be an oxymoron , whereas unelected is merely redundant . 
  how is it an oxymoron ? 
  rarely in using the word bureaucrat does one mean to refer to elected officials . 
  psh , indexes . 
  what do indexes know ? 
  if you ca n't quote churchill without getting arrested , you 're not free . 
  how about eleven ? 
  are these statistics openly available ? 
  interesting . 
  never actually seen video of a handoff like that before . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with anything you say , but is it not the case that many of the immigrants are not from regions with war ? 
  upvote this man, 
  actually you can find very small scribbles in drafts of the manifesto . 
  `` if i 'm wrong , just start killing people . '', 
  ugh i bet it smells so good tho, 
  ugh mr robot is shite . 
  it 's for the firefly crowd who are immune to bad dialogue . 
  me either , but ladies have their fancy bathroom soap i assume in germany as well, 
  or , he was going to be, 
  for similar reasons , dutch boys also have the widest fingers . 
  who can say ? 
  colonel sanders, 
  it 's 20 . 
  everything is exactly 20 , always has been , always will be . 
  the only possible exceptions are `` specialty '' buys like i bought a thing of clove cigarettes with 12 . 
  why is it expensive in nc !, 
  that 's where they grow the stuff . 
  in the midwest , i pay $ 5-7 for a pack of winstons . 
  how embarrassing for him, 
  for efficiency reasons , the japanese only do things in multiplies of 500 . 
  true .
