  for this subject or any other . 
  seriously , you dudes have a totally warped view of what goes on here . 
  worse , there is no convincing you otherwise . 
  * because you read the news . 
  you know things . 
  you 're informed . 
  i like you , but if people reacted poorly , that was on you . 
  i can make fun of my kid 's finger painting , you ca n't . 
  especially not before me . 
  i learn more about my country every day, 
  he 's like 16 or something . 
  shit is getting old . 
  you have to understand , there have been like 10,000 + amendment proposals , and 27 have succeeded . 
  10,000 official , legislative proposals , not `` jim bob has an idea . '', 
  even if the senate had passed the 2006 proposal , it still would n't be in-effect until 38 states ratified it . 
  ai n't happening . 
  like i said , 27 in 10,000 . 
  can someone explain what 's going on ? 
  i feel left out, 
  if you really did bet , then no ; otherwise , yes . 
  regardless , the important thing is that unlike the top four comments , yours is funny . 
  i 'm taking your points back then . 
  you can , but switzerland can return the favor . 
  as they say in sports , what 's going to decide it is which side wants it the most !, 
   source missed opportunity for bonus points : joanna krupa . 
  i know that name . 
  neven 's link is bad , but i got you , bro -- https://adriaticmedianethr.files.wordpress.com/2016/03/neven-ciganovic.png, 
  i see ur\u0161ka is a follower of our lord and savior http://m.imgur.com/a/sjcge http://www.pozareport.si/images/news/081373d9e5a74b1cf3b6f8fd2c8528d0.jpg, 
  jordon i actually knew . 
  i think i had a wallpaper of her when i was in middle school . 
  you know , the age when you think hot air balloon-sized tits are hot . 
  what 's up with kerry ? 
  true to form , i totally can not tell who she is or what she does . 
  cool !, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/4pnqfj/its_time_to_seriously_discuss_about_a_confederal/d4n23r9 ( posted on response to `` confederal europe '' thread . 
  i do understand the distinction between federal and confederal , but my reservations would apply equally to either . ), 
  protest vote . 
  well that was just endlessly entertaining  re : username , if i dig up my post on why federalism is n't in the cards , will you give feedback ? 
  the topic at hand was violence in immigrant populations . 
  you ended on `` do n't ask me why . '', 
  =  i offered a why . 
  meh , how would you know ? 
  your sentence has all the personality of a dried tomato, 
  i can see it . 
  by all logic , that area should just be germany . 
  either you guys are stubborn sons of bitches , or people from schleswig-holstein are lazy twats . 
  edit . 
  humorless cunts , the lot of you . 
  oh , no , not at allll . 
  the distinction between `` state '' and `` british public '' is an incredibly valuable one . 
  i went from va to oh to va. 
  in va elementary school , we said it daily . 
  in ohio , never . 
  in va high school , we just stood while some kid said it after the morning announcements over the pa. . for years in ohio , i assumed it was just a little kids thing . 
  that they had done it k-5 , then stopped , because they had better things to do . 
  nope !, 
  and they also did n't get mondays half off like we did in va ( k-6 only ) . 
  things are pretty different , depending where you are . 
  i never went to or even knew of a school with a number for a name like they have on tv , for example . 
   this hooooly shit . 
  more twists than an m. night film . 
  agreed 100 % . 
  this place is so fucking angsty . 
  you can get some great content and convo , so i deal with it , but by the same token , i throw out 90 % of my better thread ideas because i ca n't think of a phrasing people wo n't willfully misinterpret . 
  i 'm also pretty close to dropping my flair . 
  do n't get me wrong , in our time is my jam . 
  but when you cover your employer , that 's called a conflict of interest , no matter how many rules are in place to mitigate it . 
  she says if i have to ask , you 're too young . 
  oh , that 's not why i asked . 
  how old are you ? 
  for the millionth time , we 're not a monolith . 
  growing up in ohio , we never once said the pledge . 
  not once . 
  zero times . 
  `` north korea with their state run media -- sound familiar , britain ? '', 
  that 's what you sound like . 
  the haver of an opinion is the person thinking the thought that is said opinion , not the thing in the thought . 
  you could say * image * . 
   apparently zero of my 27 years of experience being an american can support the claim that more people watch it around christmas -- and sure as shit not on the level of it 's a wonderful life , which appears to run continuously all december . 
  essentially , yes . 
  ` bribery ' is a tad overzealous , but ` censorship ' , less so . 
  that is absolutely the net result of the dynamic . 
  i say overzealous because i want to be fair to hollywood , not the dod . 
  if you want to make top gun , you need three kinds of jet fighter , an aircraft carrier , and personnel . 
  an immigration official taking a bribe from a druglord does n't * need * the bribe . 
  just saying . 
  i know what you meant . 
  the dod lends studios aircraft , air carriers , etc. , and in return , they get to veto things that portray the us military in a negative light . 
  this is why bourne , which does portray the us in a negative light , has a couple boats in the first 15 minutes and nothing else . 
  they had to choose between portraying the us positively/neutrally ( by the dod 's definition of neutral ) , which would n't make any sense , and the heavy machinery that independence day , et al get for free . 
  in the books , which were written in the '70s , he was recruited for treadstone out of delta force , and his flashbacks are covert vietnam war missions , not the russian politician and his family . 
  war crime type shit . 
  burning villages down . 
  mustard gas . 
  what 's the home secretary ? 
  is that like our secretary of the interior ? 
  ( interior being the complement of the state department . 
  one home , one abroad . ), 
  jesus , 30 years is beginning to sound like wishful thinking . 
  thank you for the detailed response .
