  what does that matter ? 
  i 'm just being a dickhead for a cheap laugh . 
  no worries m8 . 
  yeah , we have the exact same thing . 
  when i was a teenager , it bothered me , but now i 'm just like , `` well , they 're selling to the wife . '', 
  i 'm just saying , if to be sarcastic is to mean the opposite , then how do we interpret that comment ? 
  cromwell tried to help them out , but noooo . 
  this is a weasel of a post . 
  you said what you said . 
  bombers and a few army units . 
  mostly water , sometimes overpriced tea, 
  i just went from 6 to midnight . 
  i. . do n't . . feel like that . 
  this is what i 'm talking about . 
  you guys see the flair before the words written . 
  source : your boy niall . 
  i am extremely caught up in getting my point across . 
  it 's almost as if you guys are deliberately misinterpreting what i 'm saying , because not one of you have made a point contradicting anything i 've said , yet you all seem very sure that you 're right and i 'm wrong . 
  you guys are insane sometimes . 
  i try to make the very basic point that it 's not only americans who do these drills , and you people go ballistic . 
  honestly , what the fuck ? 
  is it part of your identity to do or not do certain safety drills ? 
  okay , now look at the other french guy replying . 
  and he says he `` heard about that , '' meaning either through people or through the news . 
  so it 's not one person , is it ? 
  this is like pulling teeth . 
  well , then the implication is incorrect . 
  it 's not just an us thing . 
  look at the french guy 's post . 
  honest to god , i do n't even understand why you 're bringing any of this up . 
  what did you take my original comment to mean ? 
  okay . 
  that 's a weird thing to say . 
  maybe you should read through this thread before cracking jokes . 
  i see at least two top-level yeas . 
  we did a couple intruder drills , if you want to call them that , post-columbine . 
  the procedure , iirc , was to lock the classroom door , turn out the lights , be really fucking quiet , and hide in such a way that passers-by could n't see anyone through the window . 
  it was triggered by a seemingly innocuous announcement over the pa system which only the teachers understood . 
  edit . 
  we also did fire and tornado . 
  what , twenty times ? 
  yeah , that sounds like a blast . 
  downthread they 're saying the drinking expression came from china . 
  that 's one hell of a false cognate . 
  no wonder they do n't get along . 
  i realize i 'm not saying anything revelatory . 
  just trying to highlight what extreme nonsense the comparison is . 
  really , that 's all you have to do ? 
  what , you did n't like it ? 
  was it a threat to your way of life ? 
  hmm . 
  i guess it just seems odd to make your own condiments . 
  it 's hard to say . 
  for some reason , in order to say i have learned a thing , my mind requires that i previously knew very , very little about it . 
  you do n't know calculus , and then you learn calculus , and then you know calculus . 
  here , that 's not what 's happening . 
  it 's more about slowly rearranging your thinking , given a stream of seemingly trivial factoids . 
  the context basically could not be any more different . 
  blackface in the united states was a way for the upper caste to mock the enslaved lower caste . 
  it was the ultimate `` punching down . '', 
  the netherlands simply had a black character and no blacks to play him . 
  a dollar per inch , amirite, 
  $ 9.014 ... yeah , that 's not nearly enough . 
  you can make arguments for either side . 
  here 's one for the us : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eo2oiupwzny well , parts of the us . 
  about what ? 
  you 're right about one thing . 
  when i said misread , i was n't being literal . 
  i was being polite . 
  fun fact : the german media runs 98 % negative stories on trump , the most of any nation in the world . 
  no he was n't . 
  he was a b-movie actor . 
  why ca n't you guys just admit you did n't like him ideologically ? 
  i 'm not in love with the guy . 
  you 'll never hear me quote ronald reagan . 
  but `` worst president of the 20th century '' ? 
  that 's a joke . 
   ^ 1 https://nkilsdonkgervais.files.wordpress.com/2016/08/cumul.jpg?w=574&amp;h=272, 
  so many rules !, 
  i do n't think you have to be brainwashed . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm just saying , it 's hard . 
  okay ? 
  it 's really hard to be the worst over a 100-year span if the general public votes like that . 
  `` does not frieda appear lovely in her traditional nazi dirndl ? '', 
  ** achievement unlocked : ** using context clues to interpret human language . 
  okay . 
  while i 'm doing that , you read the definition of nonsensical . 
  this is a pretty 2 +2 argument i 'm making , and you still manage to misread it . 
  this was the second election , i.e. 
  america was judging the job he had done the previous four years . 
  they were the only party ... 
  https://s3.amazonaws.com/media.hudson.org/images/20160808andersongdpchartbest.jpg edit : downvote is n't dislike . 
  the man won 49/50 states . 
  he 's not the worst president in the 20th century . 
  i can only conclude that you 're some kind of ideologue . 
   professional slang i need details !, 
  what is this ? 
  if you further append an `` ae , '' you 're speaking pig latin . 
  hey , maybe if we only had 8 million b\u00fcrger , the interpretations would be different ...  all i 'm saying is , the rhetoric itself is pretty comparable .
