  one can imagine a socialist state which is also democratic , yet `` democratic-socialist '' does not describe this at all . 
  and do n't even get me started on `` state-capitalist . '', 
  it 's kind of a hard question to answer , to be honest . 
  what can you say while still coming off like a disney princess ? 
  anything overly negative or elitist will lose you the competition . 
  still , she was a laughing stock on national television for weeks . 
  my childhood friend went to college with her and claims she 's actually not that dumb . 
  i do n't know if i believe him . 
  let 's be honest , these are n't all shitposts , per se . 
  a shitpost is deliberate . 
  a few of those listed are genuine , if uninformed -- yet the point of a question is to inform oneself . 
   us-americans i giggle every time i see this used , because this is the only american i 've ever seen use it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lj3inxz8dww, 
  i was n't talking about pickup trucks . 
  i was talking about semi trucks . 
  18-wheelers . 
  used for transporting goods . 
  hey , i saw them in germany with my own two eyes . 
  this was 10 years ago , though . 
  mercedes deliberately markets themselves as a luxury brand . 
  there are no mercedes semi trucks over here , for example . 
  germany : 138,000 square miles . 
  texas : 269,000 square miles . 
  nearly twice the size . 
  could it though, 
  yeah , we 're all robots . 
  op asked if you could disprove it , not if you found it persuasive . 
  thanks turtle, 
   disproportionately harsher sentences we give longer sentences for repeat offenders , and repeat offenders are more likely to be black . 
  even black lives matter * implicitly * recognizes the fact of this dynamic ; one of their policy recommendations is that we stop taking prior criminal record into account when handing out sentences . 
  edit . 
  why are you awake ? 
  go to bed !, 
  not very good . 
  realistically , you run everything sketchy past the lawyers , unless it 's something like banging interns . 
  pro-tip : do not google * dick cheney bulge *, 
  brisbane is not alone ... https://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/29/sports/ncaafootball/mississippi-states-town-embraces-its-programs-prominence.html, 
  i bet my dad 3-4 months ago that trump would win . 
  `` no chance , no chance , no chance . '', 
  i 've never seen him so adamant about the probability of a future event . 
  usually he 's a `` you never know ... '' kind of guy . 
  the last one is borrowing from the planet terror movie poster . 
  it was a robert rodriguez/quentin tarantino flick . 
  see , you 're downplaying danish success yet again . 
  whatever they are now , noma was voted # 1 three years in a row . 
  i 'm not saying juncker should personally jerk off every potential leave voter . 
  rather , people have concerns , and when you leave no avenue to address them , their behavior is predictable . 
  first , let me state the obvious , just to give us a starting point : people vote on emotion , not policy minutia . 
  emotionally , it is different to quabble with your fellow brits over immigration from pakistan than to be one voice in 28 regarding refugees/migrants , chained to whatever decision comes out of brussels . 
  especially when mrs merkel 's opinion on the matter is `` wir schaffen das . '', 
  i expect this is not a satisfactory answer to your question , but this is where i want to place my emphasis . 
  about-ness is subjective . 
  did the referendum have more implications than mere immigration ? 
  yes , of course . 
  but what * drove * the desire to hold the referendum in the first place ? 
   tony blair , in an attempt to maintain labour power by migrant voter support alone had allowed very largescale migration into england , and loosened the standards in overseeing that operation , meaning we did n't always get the most `` desirable '' migrants . 
  interesting , til . 
  how long is the naturalization process in the uk ? 
  i.e. , how quickly can a new migrant turn around and vote ? 
   how ? 
  big picture , leadership could have addressed immigration concerns in a tangible way . 
  regardless of how you personally feel about immigration , you must also realize and accept that historically , large-scale immigration can make people uncomfortable . 
  in the us , we had race riots in the streets in the mid 1800s between the newer irish and older scots-irish . 
  no amount of graphs would 've prevented that . 
  refusal to appease that crowd makes them feel as if they have no other choice but to leave , as it becomes the only way to address their concerns . 
  that 's my humble analysis from 3,000 miles away . 
  no , just a sarcastic one, 
  i get why people say this , but honestly , what would you call swiss german ? 
  you run out of words at a certain point . 
  hey , it worked on the indians . 
  hahaha . 
  was hans wrongfully convicted ? 
  `` the topic you brought up was so interesting and intellectual haha . 
  let me know next time you 're on the continent haha . '', 
  oh , thank god !, 
  i thought he meant zero burgers , period . 
  only mcnuggets or whatever . 
  yeah , i disagree with op as well . 
  just providing the link . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/5k2slj/germanys_biggest_evacuation_since_wwii_to_take/ they found a british bomb from wwii in augsburg and will evacuate 54,000 people tomorrow, 
  nope 2 . 
  what 's on the normal menu if not burgers ? 
  why are you do obsessed with us , m8 ? 
  real talk , you need to redirect this energy elsewhere before you end up like nicole . 
  what . 
  you only get burgers for two weeks ? 
  i shall pray for you , comrade . 
  my favorite german professor , who was german , said he supported a return to monarchy `` for aesthetic reasons . '', 
  at the time , i thought he was joking , but looking back , i think he was serious . 
  sounds like a porn company . 
  does ` schland count ? 
  this has gone on long enough . 
  i always say soccer , because with my flair , my meaning is unambiguous . 
  were i to say football , you might have some doubt as to which football i was referring to . 
  ( here , less so , but generally . ), 
  do you follow the khl ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_the_united_states scroll on through, 
  i figured that the dollar , euro , and pound are close enough that i would n't bother specifying . 
  whichever . 
  that looks very much like the surface i 'm calling artificial clay . 
  i 've never played on red clay , but i do n't think the two are very similar .
