  we can pretend . 
  granted , it 's harder to make the separation if your dad died under a giant piece of limestone , and it 's harder for europeans to separate the death of war from the brilliance of the german military . 
  i simply assumed enough time had passed ... looks like i was wrong . 
  surely you can imagine a counter-argument to this that is non-insane . 
  horrible reasons aside , it was an impressive feat , lasting against so many other nations by yourselves for so long . 
  it 's not a race !, 
  visualize . 
  fork in left , knife in right . 
  are you visualizing ? 
  good . 
  fork in meat . 
  saw saw saw . 
  knife down . 
  this part is the reason i 'm asking you to visualize . 
  you put the knife down right where it is , on the right . 
  all the knife ever does is move from your hand to a spot on the plate , always staying on the right . 
  though the overall method may be less efficient , there is this efficiency to it : the knife never leaves the same very small three-dimensional space . 
  now you switch the fork over . 
  `` hahaha . '', 
  laugh at your friend 's joke . 
  bite . 
  chew . 
  fork back to the left , knife in the right . 
  saw saw saw . 
   seriously , why are there so many big us cities right on the borders of states ? 
  i have never thought of it before , but my first guess is that lots of state borders , where they are not perfectly straight , are simply along major rivers . 
  in fact , this is true of both memphis and kc . 
  see this helpful map : https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/59/01/6f/59016fc08437c708fd835f37db5c2c89.jpg ( note that the entirety of the rivers is not shown -- only where they overlap with state borders ), 
  canada is not so bad, 
  what is the european version of `` 14/f/cali '' ? 
  what 's his name ? 
  sorry to hear that , man . 
  hope she had a good dog life . 
  stfu , buddy, 
  sounds like a portmanteau of langley and great falls, 
  beautiful !, 
  what kind of dog ? 
  well , i 'd be surprised if you could communicate with them at all . 
  who knows what they would say ? 
  hey amazonian tribes are oblivious too , but nobody gives them shit about it . 
  looks similar to a husky or a malamute, 
  touch\u00e9, 
  that 's one cute pupper !, 
  do you know the breed of the other dog ? 
  some of these breeds i have never seen before , like the bavarian mountain dog . 
  if i saw one of those walking down the street , i would know instantly that i had never seen such a dog before . 
  others , of course , are popular all over the western world , like german shepherds . 
  still others , i ca n't exactly tell whether they 're familiar or not , like the red-nosed pitbull . 
  pitbulls are popular here , but are they red-nosed ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  very nice !, 
  why `` django '' ? 
  very cute puppers !, 
  cool doggo . 
  name ? 
  nice porch , too , btw . 
  i 'm hoping to see if the breed distribution is different from the us . 
  this thread is turning out excellent . 
  nice dog !, 
  you should be asking about france . 
  they 're the ones who are succeeding . 
  yes , but mostly because i think it 's all posturing . 
  there 's no real information , nor is there likely to be , until some agreement is made . 
  u wot m8, 
  after reading the section titled the pig , i feel strongly that we were in the right . 
  is only joke , chief, 
  bismarck 's chief of police wrote an interesting memoir , fyi . 
  unfortunately , i forget his name or what it was called . 
  less policework , more like the cia . 
  flooding austria with counterfeit bills to fuck with their currency , etc. 
  edit -- if anyone knows a good bismarck biography , let me know . 
  i tried a newer one , but i did n't like the author 's style . 
  iceland is the little country that could . 
  they 're always out there kicking ass at things on espn that nobody cares about , like crossfit and world 's strongest man competitions . 
  \\* slap \\* ooh, 
  yes, 
  a drive-thru grocery ? 
  walking is for poor people . 
  what about hurr durr ? 
  can you say herder ? 
  tall taller crall craller crawler, 
  little kids misspell february more than any other month , because we leave the first r silent, 
  faith faiths aiths three aiths minus one quarter is one aith . 
  skuh . 
  squirrel . 
  * the rerr jerr *, 
  specifically , it means a man who is raising a child other than his own , because his wife found another man more ... suitable for producing offspring . 
  it 's related to the cuckoo bird , which lays its eggs in other birds ' nests . 
  not familiar with that one . 
  oh god . 
  we did those , too . 
  i 'm not an expert , but to my knowledge the questions are usually easier to answer . 
  `` what can be done about israel and palestine ? '', 
  `` more compassion on both sides is what 's needed , yada yada . '', 
  nothing i could say on the map question would be appropriate for that venue . 
  but then , i 'm not running for miss teen usa . 
  i was going to say , not exactly a vacation area . 
  ( i grew up in fairfax . ), 
  why were you in loudon ? 
  part of the problem is the terminology itself .
