  to further this example , though , check out this list at 1790 : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/largest_cities_in_the_united_states_by_population_by_decade#1790 nyc is still # 1 all these years later , despite the fact that 33,000 is next to nothing in today 's terms . 
   something that 's been the same for a long time that 's a good guess . 
  there is actual statistical theory behind this kind of thing . 
  i am not a statistician , so it is difficult for me to explain without sounding silly , but this is a real phenomenon . 
  you can look at things like the growth rates of cities . 
  the longer a city has been experiencing positive growth , the more likely it is to continue that trend . 
  a new , hot city could easily flop at any time , no matter how impressive its recent growth is . 
  poland/germany seems like a good , safe bet . 
  it might not place # 1 , but it would be up there . 
  yet i hear that liechtenstein competes within switzerland 's soccer league . 
  such strong ties will be difficult for you to overcome ... without force . 
  eh , there 's a non-zero chance they absorb liechtenstein , right ? 
  sometime in the next 100 years ? 
  it 's a hypothetical . 
  you have the power to put something in its place . 
   article 5 right , but there 's no * obligation * if the us leaves . 
  you can be allies without an obligation . 
   interoperability and shared bases tbd . 
  i want the hypothetical to be as loose as possible so that people can identify what sticking points they might have . 
  sorry , what is ? 
   they often have flags in churches you learn something new everyday . 
   we do say it every morning in school i think you 're confusing the pledge and the anthem . 
  fair enough . 
  it was a `` slap on the wrist '' conviction anyway . 
  no jail time , just $ 5,000 . 
  of course , she did n't actually say the second part . 
  you know he was convicted in ned , right ? 
  germany and turkey are the same . 
  you might find this interesting https://audioboom.com/posts/5961459-end-of-the-world-that-yalta-made-michael-michael-michael-vlahos-naval-war-college-jhuworldcrisis, 
  oh , i see what you 're saying now . 
  obama was pretty cold toward israel . 
  the honest truth is , the writers probably picked a random country in both cases . 
  that 's not a known stereotype here . 
  and certain types of asians . 
  not that i 'm an expert or anything . 
  that 's true , something does n't add up . 
  that would take , like , forever . 
  it 's 4am . 
  if you can narrow the question to one area , i will get to it tomorrow . 
  at least take on my argument for what it is , not the dumbest possible version of what you can imagine it to be . 
  an index is a ranking . 
  they rank 160 countries . 
  that is not a claim of sweeping generalizations . 
  it 's a claim of fine precision . 
  then let it be meaningless . 
  i 'm not going to flip through the methodology of every index people want to bring up . 
  you guys do n't even read what i write anyway . 
  who gives a shit . 
  `` democratic ideals are exceedingly subjective . '', 
  true or false ? 
  true . 
  then it ca n't be neutral , can it ? 
  well , it 's not self-evident why this would be `` one of the most neutral indexes there is . '', 
  for one thing , democratic ideals are by their nature exceedingly subjective . 
  on those points , i await his reply . 
  i googled un democracy index . 
  there does n't appear to be one . 
  this is the first thing that comes up :  the democracy index is an index compiled by the uk-based economist intelligence unit that measures the state of democracy in 167 countries , of which 166 are sovereign states and 165 are un member states . 
  well , there 's like a billion of them . 
  i do n't keep them all bookmarked . 
  they 're just fodder for news stories , the same way a lot of polling is . 
  to answer your question , though , i suspect healthcare indices that rank us below third-world countries are either politically motivated or grossly misinformed . 
  i doubt very much , for example , that those countries keep track of infant mortalities with the same degree of precision that the us does . 
  not * any * . 
  re para 1 -- ironically , you dismiss my questioning of indices as being authoritative on the grounds that i have a political agenda , which is exactly what you accuse me of doing . 
  everything else : you do n't know how at-will employment actually works here . 
  here is a blog post written by an hr lady on the precise topic of at-will vs pregnancy in firing : http://www.evilhrlady.org/2015/03/can-you-fire-a-pregnant-employee.html  and yeah you 'll say not interested . 
  `` conspiracy '' is a bit much . 
  think about what would be necessary to create a truly neutral index . 
  you sit down , weigh various factors * without checking the results and readjusting * , and just publish it ? 
  you think anyone does that ? 
   so , why do you think they have been adjusted to make america look bad ? 
  tell me who 's publishing , and i 'll tell you what their interest might be . 
  if they 're american , they might want policy x enacted . 
  `` we 're so low on this ranking . 
  we have to do something !, 
  perhaps x. '', 
  if they 're european , well , i 'll let you imagine the answer on your own . 
  you 're a smart lad . 
  a point off to the side . 
  i 've contemplated doing a thread on this , but i do n't know if it 's a great thread topic or not . 
   despite it ranking mediocre in many metrics concerning such things as average quality of life , crime rate , freedom of press do you , personally , put much stock in these various indexes ( indices , properly ) ? 
  perhaps i am too cynical , but i see them as political tools masquerading as something more scientific . 
  surely any intelligent person can see how easy it would be to fiddle with your equation to get the outcome you want . 
  `` freedom of press = ( a + b + c ~ ~ + d ~ ~ ) / ~ ~ 4 ~ ~ 3 . '', 
  no , she actually said that . 
  dunno , but our german teacher made us do this . 
  jaaa ! '', 
  to be honest , i would not call knocking and clapping perfect equals . 
  it 's more like a golf clap . 
  did n't fuck up ? 
  little clap for you . 
  there you go . 
  next . 
  and they call it a mine . 
  there 's a major hurdle : mandarin is tonal . 
   edit the top one is an incest joke . 
  2nd one is a college football joke . 
  would it even make sense auf deutsch ? 
  does chickenshit mean cowardly ?
