  the rust belt ( ohio at the center ) is like a. . . salmon , but if you had to pick a basic color , you would call it pink . 
  -- billboards all over mena just kidding . 
  can i make a joke ? 
  i 'm making a joke . 
  making a joke , as if to suggest i had been drunk on czech beer the whole time . 
  just googled . 
  if we 're talking about the prague astrological clock , that 's the sweetest clock i 've ever seen in my life . 
  big ben , you 're now # 2 . 
  i do n't recall a clock, 
  em is hilarious . 
  just one of those naturally funny people . 
  let 's be clear , ses is basically one guy on a crusade . 
  it 's more ** profitable ** to have greater coverage . 
  a team in nyc is worth more to the owners than one in iowa . 
  false on both counts . 
  well , i hovered the links . 
  you guys are all going to be the fucking lions , are n't you ? 
  yes , i 've wiki 'd them . 
  the khl is the closest to what i 'm looking for , but it 's too centered around one country . 
  i do n't mean to insult anyone 's hockey tradition !, 
  it 's just a hypothetical . 
  if anything , i 'm banking on russia bringing 2-4 teams , given the amount of talent and population there . 
  admittedly , the structure has a north american feel , but i think the selling point there is that you are guaranteed cross-europe `` coverage . '', 
  why risk having two swedish teams and zero norwegian teams when you can simply guarantee one of each ? 
  it will be easier to develop fan engagement that way . 
  nice !, 
  very extensive and well-thought out . 
  suppose germany has two teams , one in berlin and one in munich . 
  which would be the more natural rival ? 
  interestingly , neither i nor the other user know anything about hockey . 
  i simply think it 's the sport best suited for a major pan-european league , principally because soccer is never going to change the way it operates now . 
  i deleted it , because i assumed no one was interested , but a user pm 'd me saying he had typed his all out , only to see the thread was deleted . 
  so here we are !, 
  i think i 've seen you on here before . 
  i do n't know why you take an interest in the topic , but your understanding is superior to 90 % of americans , easily . 
  the precision with which you 're marking things is really just very impressive . 
  the rust belt is not orange , though !, 
  that 's a light pink . 
  the one thing i would say is that it 's a point of contention as to whether missouri is southern or midwestern . 
  humorously , neither side wants to claim them . 
  but [ i would argue southern for this reason . 
  ] ( http://static6.businessinsider.com/image/52a235e16bb3f70a6c68f73f-1200-/screen%20shot%202013-12-06%20at%203.37.15%20pm.png ) then again , it makes sense that missouri is caught in-between . 
  they used to be known as the `` bellwether state , '' because they consistently indicated which way the country as a whole would vote in presidential elections . 
  ( in recent years , my own home state of ohio has stolen that mantle from them , though they retain the nickname . ), 
   and where do they get by without speaking english ? 
  nyc ? 
  i very much doubt it . 
  it 's possible . 
  really only something you would do if you were old , but it can be done . 
  chinatown for example is a big place . 
   speaking the native language is not a requirement , but its the only way you will have close relationship with the locals . 
  agreed , of course . 
   i was n't answering the question, 
  hmm . 
  what does gnome use for workspace ? 
  ( do you know what i 'm referring to ? ), 
  aha , but i was n't answering the question . 
  i was commenting on op 's answer , which , had he left it instead in the comments , would obviously have been acceptable by the standards of this forum . 
  this is a very interesting thread . 
  question : do non-english versions ever use the occasional english loanword , or do they try to make it 0 % english ? 
   uk is of course full of comedy gold but how about elsewhere in europe ? 
  i think the brits are funnier than us , to be honest . 
  they seem to have a great cultural respect for the act of being on-stage , period . 
  is `` based on '' supposed to mean something , or is this more of a nod to the working man ? 
  i agree . 
  i had n't thought of the brigading aspect either . 
  also , though , i think there 's something to be said by the fact that the sub is called ask europe , not be asked questions about europe . 
  people come , and they ask questions . 
  if the questions are duplicates , that 's not really their fault . 
  they are still asking europe . 
  could be `` obverse . '', 
  that 's what coin collectors call it . 
  a very niche word , which i have only ever seen used with coins . 
  `` wipe that smug look off your face ! '', 
  judge judy is a national treasure . 
  if you want to see someone get just verbally obliterated , watch that show . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  ironically , / r/askeurope 's moderators are too * laissez-faire * to do that . 
  how did you get the extra big break between your paragraphs ? 
  the whole idea of american isolationism vastly predates any thought of powerhouse potential whatsoever . 
  see george washington 's farewell address , which has its own wikipedia page , as well as the monroe doctrine ( monroe was president # 5 ) . 
  true , and true to a startling degree , apparently . 
  there 's this world-famous education guy whose audiobook i listened to -- and whose name i ca n't remember -- who said if you go around the world , from europe to america to china to japan to africa , and implement various classroom strategies , wildly different things happen that there 's no immediate explanation for . 
  ( he 's been to all these places and done these things . 
  governments call him up and have him sit on projects , etc. ), 
  e.g. , japanese students are great at working in teams , yet not great at thinking creatively . 
  for americans , it 's the opposite . 
  and these attributes often hold true regardless of what changes you make . 
  4000 per ... what ? 
  ha , i was just going to post about fairfax . 
  specifically that iirc if you have a masters at all , you 're making $ 80k . 
  that 's kind of what makes it convincing , though . 
  if i say guys named mike are the best ( my name is mike ) , then nobody listens . 
  but if i say guys named johann are the best ... 
  really ? 
  i think it 's the best tricolor . 
  a ) i prefer the horizontal ones , b ) something about * those * colors in * that * order balances well . 
  other tricolors have clashing colors or , even if they have good colors , the colors look `` out of order . '', 
  ( of course , this is probably less the case for people who grew up looking at their flag , the same way sports fans like their team 's colors regardless . ), 
   quoted in german by bild from a conversation held in english , trump predicted that britain 's exit from the eu will be a success and portrayed the eu as an instrument of german domination designed with the purpose of beating the u.s. in international trade.for that reason , trump said , he 's fairly indifferent to whether the eu stays together , according to bild .
