  plus , you know , even modern police unions often have irish symbolism like shamrocks . 
  that 's not an accident . 
  the italians , stereotypically , were not interested in being easy to track . 
  harder to confirm !, 
  is it ? 
  it was a contentious 100 years . 
  they did n't come to achieve the american dream or to escape persecution . 
  they came to escape famine . 
  in that situation , i might see myself as a `` refugee , '' personally . 
  to a degree . 
  certainly , no one feels 100 % american their first day off the boat . 
  the chief differences with the irish were two things : a ) a large burst of people in a short period of time and b ) unlike the scots-irish , germans , scandinavians , etc. , they did not move west into the interior ( the feds were offering free farmland ) . 
  they got off the boat in ny , sectioned off a quarter of the city for themselves , and stayed in ny . 
  they 're still there today . 
  plenty of germans kept on speaking german in minnesota , but those are isolated farming communities . 
  it 's not apples to apples . 
  oh , my comment was genuine . 
  i had not thought about whatever run-ins with the law airbus had had , possibly because i did n't understand them when they happened . 
  you know irish catholics refused to integrate for 100 years and were generally a blight on american society . 
  created political machines , voted themselves welfare benefits , took control of fire and police departments . 
  in ny , philly , and boston , irish catholics engaged in race riots with what we refer to as the scots-irish ( presbyterians from n. ireland ) . 
  that 's why irish catholics in particular continue to talk up their heritage generation after generation . 
  until jfk was elected , many did n't consider themselves american . 
  nobody shows up but the congressman speaking, 
  do n't forget airbus . 
  the concorde is cool and all , but boeing and airbus together represent 95 % of the market share . 
  you 're the voice of reason , mate . 
  the purpose of polls is to influence public opinion , not gauge it . 
  do not give fortune your clicks . 
  they do this with everything . 
  phew . 
  i thought maybe that was his real suit and the wig/mustache were temporary . 
  is he for real with that suit ? 
  damn , i was hoping iceland would be ice again . 
  would be a funny ongoing joke for these things . 
  where there 's a sheep , there 's a way, 
  interesting : the url slug uses the word migrants , which usually means someone changed the title after initial posting . 
  dooo it dooo it, 
  hmm . 
  okay , new plan . 
  we kill everyone who 's not a small child . 
  not untrue , but human beings have a strong , strong tendency toward `` narcissism of small differences . '', 
  so strong that we conquer it only when an external threat looms large . 
  sorry to be a debbie downer . 
  i wanted to speak my mind . 
  not only is it unreasonable to ask people not to disagree with you , it 's grounds for a personality disorder !, 
  the venn 's diagram of a ) natural born americans and b ) people who habitually use british spellings is like 300 million people on one side , 1.5 billion on the other , and perhaps 6 angsty teenagers in the middle . 
  understand what you 're asking of people . 
   valour and honour, 
  of course he 's not . 
  but he watches movies or something and so we should give his social commentary serious consideration . 
  if there 's nobody left , then what 's the worry ? 
  you of course have a point . 
  no decision is forever . 
  but if any democratic decision is simply disregarded , those people who won that vote will not respect the outcome ( s ) of future vote ( s ) . 
  why should they ? 
  not all parts of the world have an implicit respect for the outcomes of elections like we do in the west . 
  to quote a great englishman , `` you are meddling with forces you can not possibly comprehend . '', 
  if elected moderator , i promise to hold such a vote . 
  right there . 
  dec 24 , 2008 yahoo answers thread . 
  read the title aloud for the class . 
  have you used it before ? 
  who had ? 
  the guy born in london . 
  i 'm 2/2 . 
  this one is special . 
  its use is 99 % restricted to youth athletics . 
  knowing that , a speaker conscious of his international audience would n't use it , because they will not have had the chance to have heard it . 
  my b, 
  ... how do you know the phrase `` head on a swivel '' ? 
  i 've never , ever heard a non-native speaker use that phrase . 
  i am guilty of one of those three things . 
  note the `` then . '', 
  if you find it creepy that said i you live in orlando , then do n't announce to reddit that you live in orlando . 
  then do n't say it ? 
   disney has it 's own news channel abc, 
  you already have !, 
  you live in orlando . 
  yeah , but abc news is just news on abc . 
  fox news and msnbc are separate entities . 
  - i have to ask your age . 
  i want to know if my sherlock instincts are correct . 
  the phrasing `` disney has their own news channel '' makes me think 16-22 ... how far off am i ? 
  i 'll have to take your word for it . 
  i think you misunderstood / u/boots-of-escaping 's question . 
  a network affiliate is a local station . 
  fox does not * own * local fox channels . 
  they exist independently and could even ( but rarely do ) switch affiliates . 
  `` channel 4 '' could go from being a fox affiliate to a cbs affiliate . 
  he means to ask if chicago 's fox is so different from st. louis ' that it merits counting them as different . 
  sure thing . 
  to be against experts is to be against expertise is to be against fact , reason , experience , what have you , is to be wrong . 
  to be against * these * experts or * those * experts is another matter entirely . 
  how much stock do you put in medical research funded by tobacco companies ? 
  the researchers have mds . 
  do you swallow their conclusions hook , line , and sinker ? 
  of course you fucking do n't , so be nice and allow others the same liberty . 
  agreed 2 . 
  irrelevant,
