  i used to be of the same mind on w. , until [ this blog post ] ( http://keithhennessey.com/2013/04/24/smarter/ ) by a stanford econ prof and former economic adviser of w. 's changed my mind . 
  i wish i had the personality to end this post there , but i ca n't . 
  if you are not an ideologue , how can you ask for more liberal policies ? 
  we were at a catastrophic $ 13t in debt when o. took office . 
  we 're over $ 20 now . 
  would you not agree that 's a bad thing ? 
  how are we going to reign this in ? 
  you 've seen the graphs of entitlement projections . 
  you know where this is going . 
  you 're not one of those `` the debt does n't matter '' people , are you ? 
  * mayor of pittsburgh   he whined about it being unfair `` some judge on an island in the pacific '' could stop his travel ban and the reaction americans had was to scoff at him because of course that 's how it works donny !, 
  applying the principle of charity , what i get out of that statement -- ** because ** of course that 's how it works -- is that it 's mere , yeah , whining . 
  you whine , i whine , we all whine . 
  when the yankees are in the world series , and they get four games at home , it 's because the al all-stars won an exhibition game . 
  does n't mean you ca n't whine about it if you 're the dodgers on the other side . 
  just because it 's a fact of life does n't mean you ca n't whine about it . 
  is it unpresidential of him to whine like that in public ? 
  yeah . 
  sure . 
  but can you necessarily conclude from that statement that he `` does n't know '' how things work ? 
  i do n't think you can . 
  forgive me for sounding like a creeper , but you and i bounce around at least three of the same subreddits . 
  i 'm more or less familiar with your political inclinations . 
  you 're also intelligent and knowledgeable of politics generally . 
  i would have thought , after the election , that * you guys * ( blue voters , nevertrumpers ) would have reassessed . 
  until then , if you thought he was an idiot based on the words out of his mouth , i could * maybe * understand . 
  a lot of people in your political circle use billionaire as a slur , so of course that 's not impressive , especially what with the infamous `` small loan . '', 
  but are n't words just words ? 
  did n't you , as an intelligent person , figure out early in life , as i did , that the well-spoken are not always intelligent and vice versa ? 
  if you want to judge intellect , give someone a task . 
  like , say , winning an election . 
  i can hear your objection from a mile away . 
  `` do you think running a campaign is a good proxy for ... '' no . 
  i did n't say that . 
  i said it was an intellectual task . 
  a profoundly intellectual task , actually , and a competitive one at that . 
  so , trump outperforms the establishment at their game , with a third to half the money , and i 'm thinking on november 9th that people will be forced to admit that he ca n't literally be dumb . 
  he and hillary both heard pitches on how to run a campaign . 
  they both picked individuals , teams , etc. 
  for the tasks involved . 
  his picks were better . 
  he made the smarter decisions . 
  so , help me understand . 
  is hillary a literal idiot too ? 
  is she dumber than him ? 
  how can you take it * as a given * that he 's dumb ? 
  first impressions are one thing , but how can you take it as a given ? 
  i say this as a northerner . 
  europe , do n't believe the negative hype about the south . 
  if you are the type of person to hate on ideological grounds , then , let 's be honest , that 's a you thing . 
  if , however , you prefer to judge people based on what it 's like to spend an afternoon with them , the south is full of wonderful people . 
  certain persons like who ? 
  i have officially given up on asking questions , fwiw . 
  it is narcissistic of me to say so aloud , but i feel the need to say it . 
  you 're stuck with 19 and william now . 
   ~ ~ would ~ ~, 
  `` woke '' is a black people thing , fyi . 
  you 're not even going to mention seeing shakespeare perform ? 
  dm ; hs, 
  not if they 're in equal measure , which they are n't . 
  like someone said in the thread , / r/latestagecapitalism regularly hits the front page . 
   seriously , we 're all ignorant towards each other . 
  alright . 
  which of the two sides , in your view , claims to know more about the other ? 
  is it more common to see europeans bashing republicans or americans bashing the labour party ? 
  actually , total all european political parties together , not just labour . 
  which is more common ? 
  you know full well what the answer is . 
  you have ignorant foreigners commenting on french politics in the broadest , broadest terms . 
  i 'm sure that 's a little annoying . 
  last week , i had some fucking dude arguing with me about red and blue states re taxation and what money goes where . 
  10 posts in , it turns out he 's danish . 
  i told him to get a better hobby . 
  he lacks the civic education to have that discussion , but he falsely believes that consuming internet news makes up for that . 
  who could possibly downvote this post !, 
  you know what the overton window is , right ? 
  well , if communist ideas are inside the window , then the site leans left . 
  that 's what he 's saying . 
  fuck randy moss ? 
  ah , i see what you 're saying . 
  without formal schooling , they will have a harder time passing a language test , even in their native language . 
   brazillians flunk it sometimes yowza . 
  must be pretty strict !, 
  you mean pooper ? 
  you 're so profound . 
  oh god . 
  yes , i 'm white . 
  let 's hear the race-essentialist argument for why i do n't get an opinion on whether jap is an abbreviation for japanese . 
  it 's a harmless abbreviation . 
  the world has gone mad on this point . 
  you should hear how the japanese teach ww2 . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i like the japs . 
  but it 's difficult to truly understand them . 
  yeah , agreed . 
  incidents of people getting killed by wolves are extremely rare . 
  possibly rarer than death by lightning strike . 
  when you hear about wolves killing something , it 's always sheep . 
  then the ranchers say `` enough !, 
  '' , get their guns , and go wolf hunting .
