  google is not returning much for f\u00e4lisch . 
  aha , i get it . 
  yeah , bayern seems like the yankees and red sox combined . 
  i just googled bundesliga payrolls . 
  no one else is even in their league ( figure of speech ) . 
  really ? 
   your local team , if they do n't do so well you also have a top league team ( top league ) team or top ( league team ) ? 
  what are the rules for picking such a team ? 
  surely you ca n't just pick anyone . 
  after all , ordnung muss sein . 
  who 's your club ? 
  mufc ? 
  they are pretty good !, 
  why is that ? 
  they always qualify for the international competitions . 
  very interesting comment . 
  naturally , i do n't say anything , because i 'm polite , but when i meet another american who purports to follow a european football team , i sort of raise my eyebrow a little bit . 
  it 's always a superclub , too . 
  one of the big epl teams or real madrid or bayern-munich . 
  who are the big 5 leagues ? 
  england , germany , spain , ... france and italy ? 
   and it totally does n't fit in with casual clothing the way the english and american colours do , for example yeah , our colors fit a little * too * well , though . 
  because the colors by themselves do n't scream `` us sports , '' the designer has to throw in something else , usually stars , to evoke the image . 
  at that point , it 's a little `` showy '' for my taste . 
  i want something understated . 
  look at this . 
  [ this is our baseball uniform . 
  ] ( http://web.usabaseball.com/images/usab_instagram_widget_5.jpg ) this is terrible . 
  now , look at the [ netherlands ' baseball uniform ] ( http://mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/2013/03/19/images/mlbf_25780091_th_3.jpg ) . 
  ( yes , you have one . ), 
  much nicer . 
  i would be far more likely to wear that in public . 
  excellent comment , thanks !, 
  i always find myself rooting for the netherlands . 
  i know it sounds dumb , but i just like the orange thing . 
  netherlands = orange ; orange = netherlands . 
  it 's also a good orange . 
  there are some ugly shades of orange out there , but not yours . 
  yours looks awesome . 
   maybe this time will be different yeah , i get the impression that when england finally does well , people are going to go fucking nuts . 
  there 's so much pent up frustration . 
  there is a sexual analogy to be made here , if you know what i mean . 
  thanks for your response !, 
   what 's it like hoping for success ? 
  let me clarify . 
  i mean , as a fan , you have a general expectation for your team each season . 
  you could be right or wrong , but the expectation is there . 
  with professional teams in the us , we 're often in one of two modes : `` competing '' and `` rebuilding . '', 
  when you 're competing , you might be thinking , for example , `` oh , if the club would just go out and sign a top goalkeeper , we would really have a shot at a championship . '', 
  ( when you 're rebuilding , that means you suck right now . 
  you have no core group of talent to build around , so you have to find one . ), 
  with national teams , there is no signing anybody , so you ca n't think like that . 
  `` after the russian army invaded the nation of georgia , sen. obama 's reaction was one of indecision and moral equivalence , the kind of response that would only encourage russia 's putin to invade ukraine next . '', 
  -- sarah palin , 2008  ( any accusations of my being a palin supporter will be redirected to the above wink face . ), 
   some underestimate or they 're really naive @ the russian leaders . 
  i did n't want to comment on this initially , because i wanted to let the thread grow organically , but the above fact is unsettling for me . 
  all of the nato 2 % talk misleads people into thinking war is all about dollars and cents . 
  no , you can spend a lot of money and still get your butt kicked . 
  a military is an institution which accumulates knowledge via experience -- and loses knowledge without experience . 
  most of we has n't fought a war in a very long time . 
  they have * participated in * wars , but that 's just not the same as executing a war plan from the top down . 
  they talk a lot of shit about what russia is or is n't capable of . 
  well , they should n't . 
  russia knows how to run a war . 
  they have the institutional knowledge of how to execute a war plan . 
  most of we has theoretical knowledge . 
  on / r/europe , you see people from ned or bel or wherever shit talking russia , talking about how if russia invades latvia , ned will be right there . 
  i 'm sure russia is pissing their pants , ned guy . 
  i 'm not trying to be insulting here . 
  i 'm genuinely concerned . 
  eh , drug addicts are not rational actors almost by definition . 
  a crack addict who wants crack and a farmer who wants to defend his family are not the same person . 
  you 're right , it 's not as cut and dried as that , but i do n't think it 's good government to plan on people committing a felony in order to defend themselves . 
  `` nanny state '' is a derogatory term used by conservatives to refer to a government which seeks to provide lots of things to the public , rather than stay out of the way . 
  the penalty for possession of an illegal firearm is years in prison , and they enforce it every time . 
  it 's not a laughing matter like torrenting is . 
  because good guys do n't want to own an illegal firearm ? 
  there is an answer , but it 's not very pc . 
  ( it 's not the whole answer , but it 's a large part of it . ), 
  you own a purse . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  if anyone seriously invalidates what you have to say because of your name , then that person is a cunt who should go jump off a bridge . 
  this is one of the best posts i 've read on this sub . 
  in the dictionary , under ` explanation ' , there should be a link to this post . 
  i 'm not sure how seriously to take this ( seems absurd ) , but nonetheless : http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/discoblog/2012/02/01/does-a-lame-name-make-you-more-likely-to-be-a-smoker-with-low-self-esteem/, 
  i might assume that at first ... < david attenborough voice  but if you look closely , you can tell this is a real european swede , not its cousin , the lesser minnesotan swede . 
  what gives it away ? 
  its choice of the gender-neutral * person * . 
   so far it seems like this understanding among the western elites really is missing . 
  can you give an example ? 
  or is it the sort of thing where it 's hard to point to specific examples ? 
  here is one of those kevins i 've heard so much about . 
  yeah , as an american , i feel closest to the brits by a mile . 
  this is not something i * wish * to be the case -- it simply * is . 
  * there is less to explain , if you know what i mean . 
  if culture is a thousand things you do n't need to say , then we share 800 of them . 
  that 's true !, 
  i do n't know why i left them out . 
  yeah , imagine being found by those . 
  you do n't want it .
