  i 'm going to guess it refers to drinking alcohol, 
   especially foxes . 
  the late-night cry ? 
  american foxes make this sound like ... well , to be perfectly honest , it sounds like someone is getting raped and/or murdered . 
  well , have you ? 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  if they 're peasants , why are you insulting them ? 
  who insults peasants ? 
  have you ever seen a movie where the king rides into town and says , `` oi , you !, 
  you with the boil on your forehead . 
  you 're an ugly piece of shit , you know that ? 
  poor-ass motherfucker . '', 
   edited to add this darker joke : first one in thread i lol 'd at . 
   the japs were some fanatics , almost as bad as the nazis . 
  i would flip that one around . 
  the japs would cut your balls off , put them down your throat ( not a metaphor ) , and leave you for your comrades to find . 
  not to mention kamikaze pilots . 
  even in the final months of the war , 16-year-old boys were jumping at the bit to volunteer to be a kamikaze , just for the honor of dying for the emperor . 
   the brits get to keep their empire , germany gets to rule the continent . 
  then we would have seen a four-sided cold war , with shifting alliances between the fascist western europe ( without britain ) , communist ussr , and the commonwealth + usa+o ther democracies on the last side . 
  you 're leaving a * unified sinosphere * ( historical first ) with japan at the helm off the list . 
  arguably the single greatest power on the planet in this timeline . 
   apropos japan , they would still go to war with the commonwealth and the other democracies . 
  i disagree . 
  as i said elsewhere in this thread , it was their 1,000-year goal to put a japanese emperor on the throne in china . 
  if the us is out of the war , i think britain capitulates in the pacific . 
  how did the mongols conquer china ? 
  i think that 's your latter-day conscience speaking . 
  hobbes was right . 
  man in nature exists in a state of chaos and violence . 
  the order society brings gives us a temporary respite , which is great while it lasts , but it ca n't go on forever . 
  our interests conflict . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  i 've never heard that !, 
  and i took german , too . 
   and instead push into russia through manchuria . 
  i concede that i 'm no expert on this topic -- far from it . 
  but i do n't see this . 
  according to stephen ambrose , the japs were so terrified of the russians ( ptsd from russo-japanese war of 1904-05 ) that it was actually the soviet declaration of war against japan ( and like two days of fighting ) that got them to surrender , not the nukes , if you can believe it . 
  also , japan was * this close * to achieving their 1,000-year goal of putting an emperor on the chinese throne . 
  why waste troops on manchuria just to help hitler ? 
  dealing . 
   us was certain to enter the war , with or without japanese agression , at this point ( november 1941 ) are you fully aware of how strongly against the war the public was in polls ( answer : very , very ) , or do you contend that it simply did n't matter ? 
  let 's discuss a scenario . 
  no us , no soviets . 
  both stay home . 
  he was telling me that niko likely meant that wwii was itself a blunder . 
   beck was promoted to colonel and made a knight of the order of the dannebrog . 
  i know , but that 's boring . 
  no offense , / u/nikolaju . 
  let 's turn this into a real answer . 
  could nazi germany have won wwii had hitler not been doing drugs ? 
  or at least forced a stalemate ? 
  two questions . 
   / \u02ccb\u00e6t\u0259n \u02c8ru\u02d0\u0292 / do you guys actually learn this stuff in school ? 
  what did he mean by the ` w ' in ` wooj ' ? 
  you mean vice versa ? 
  we say `` batton rooj . '', 
  batton rhyming with patton . 
  wait . 
  are you saying you pronounce baton rouge differently than `` baton rouge '' the french words ? 
   english x-shires `` oi m8 , do n't you know nottinghamshirefurloughsex is pronounced noyinghimsherfullowsix ? 
  read a book , you fucking neanderthal . '', 
  i like the coq . 
  like the bald eagle , it 's unique . 
  is there a story behind it ? 
   last time i checked , there are a lot of white people in latinamerica we , in the united states , did not fly down to argentina to scope out the situation before inventing our racial terminology . 
  we use what works for us . 
  you 're coming at this like a biologist . 
  come at it like a social scientist . 
  the demographics of latin america as a whole are not the exact same as the demographics that immigrate to the us . 
  when people think `` latino , '' they do n't think of someone with blonde hair and blue eyes . 
  in fact , the rapper pitbull wears glasses to hide his blue eyes so that fellow cubans will see him as a `` real '' cuban . 
   you are basically proving my point . 
  what should i have said ? 
  `` white people whose ancestors came from places x , y , and z , and who grew up speaking english or maybe did n't but nonetheless identify primarily with so-called ` wasp ' america , which is itself a misnomer '' ? 
  at a certain point , you use the terms available to you to express what you mean . 
  perfect correctness is so laborious that it 's not worthwhile . 
  you 're splitting hairs , man . 
  and anecdotally , it 's latinos who push the word , not white people . 
   `` latinos '' is a made up term created by americans , and a retarded one in my opinion . 
  what have in common cuba and chile for example apart from the language ? 
  false . 
  * latin america * was a term invented by napoleon iii to make cuba and chile feel they are on the same `` side '' as the french in the new world . 
  interesting . 
  in particular , german 's flexibility to endlessly add additional clauses seems like it would be useful . 
  i also wonder about compound nouns . 
  suppose you have already defined person and addresse . 
  perhaps you could then use personaddresse without first defining it . 
  ( if person and addresse have conflicting attributes or methods , it simply throws an error . ), 
  i grant that , but it is the way 99 % of people use it . 
  if you ask the man on the street whether married couples without kids have more disposable income , he will say yes . 
  colloquially , however , people almost always use ` disposable income ' to mean income after taxes and also necessities like food and housing . 
  it was implied , nicole . 
  `` what are the political biases of this subreddit [ relative to europe irl ] ? '', 
  ah , but i do n't live in europe , nicole . 
  what , like this ? 
   i wonder if it 's the norm for all of european reddit to be leftist . 
  one thing i notice is that / r/askeurope tends to be far more pro-immigration than / r/europe . 
  churchill said you can always count on the americans to do the right thing after they 've tried everything else .
