  thank you for `` the '' answer . 
  why , then , is their enlistment rate higher than blacks and hispanics ? 
  blacks actually come close to the indian rate , but hispanics do not -- not even close . 
  and why do asians , the most economically well-off demo of all , account for 4 % of the military when they are 3 % of the population ? 
  does your ideology have `` the '' answers to these questions ? 
  how do you mean `` forced '' ? 
  things everyone has heard of : * alcoholism things i have heard of : * poverty on some reservations , despite the casino money . 
  * drug abuse -- i suspect the associations are not so strong as with gypsies , though . 
  you see europeans online say , `` 100 % of my interactions with gypsies have been negative . '', 
  we simply do n't have a group like that here . 
  there 's no parallel to that . 
  not even close . 
  naturally , but at the same time , some europeans have such a black-and-white view of the events that they tend to overstate things . 
  they say genocide , yet if the indians felt this way , why did so many join teddy roosevelt 's rough riders ? 
  why do they have the highest rate of military service to this day ? 
  you can go on like this . 
  fair enough , i guess i 'm wrong . 
  but i do n't know what the basis of comparison would even be . 
  the average american does not know much about gypsies . 
  well , we do n't know anything about gypsy culture . 
  i think this was a rumor invented by a european . 
  bro , people here loved netflix even back when it was shit . 
  it was new , different , fresh . 
  netflix would say , `` hey , do you want to watch this matthew mccoughnahey movie you 've never heard of ? '', 
  and you 'd say , `` fuck it . 
  why not ? '', 
  it 's $ 9/mo . 
  a movie ticket is $ 10.50 . 
  what do you want ? 
  why is japan # 1, 
  one always enjoys being told what one probably thinks . 
  sorry , i meant literate in , you know , arabic or what have you . 
  many of these refugees/migrants do n't simply lack university degrees , they lack really any schooling whatsoever . 
  i agree , i agree . 
  of course , i do n't need popularity points , because i am secretly a dachshund . 
  the collective guilt is there , though , as it is with americans and slavery . 
  in both cases , the pronoun `` we '' is universally avoided , whereas we are happy to say we defeated the british in 1776 , for example . 
  i have even seen germans use `` we '' for wwi , but never wwii ( unless in jest ) . 
  understandable . 
  is jocks a typo , or ... ? 
  heard a guy on a bbc podcast throw around the idea of rotating cities . 
  seriously though , how do brits conceptualize the london/not london economic question ? 
  obviously you want people in dover to be prosperous , yet i have a hard time contending with the notion that what is good for london is good for the uk . 
  how to resolve this without a trite appeal to striking a balance between the two ? 
   professionals with higher education can find jobs , someone with just high-school education is nearly hopeless on the job market . 
  and someone who is illiterate in their own language ... 
  many of those sports might dwindle away over time , however , given that collectively you will go from 27 votes on the olympic committee to just one . 
  the olympics are highly political . 
  if the eu is sitting at the top because there are 10 different categories of dudes on skis shooting at things , expect that number to go down . 
  ( i 'm sure there are n't really 10 , but just as an example . ), 
  the committee will not allow any sport where it is ** truly ** a competition of one nation against itself . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  as one country , you are permitted fewer athletes . 
  it went on and on . 
  there 's no one post . 
  the subreddit even temporarily added mexico to the map in the top-right . 
   the fact of the matter is that races do n't exist as biological realities ( that is , there is no real meaningful genetic separation between different `` races '' i think you 're overstating . 
  the fact is , with most people on earth , you can tell by looking at them which continent ( s ) their ancestors lived on . 
  if that 's not `` meaningful separation , '' i would ask what is . 
  google :  late 16th century : from spanish * mulato * , from arabic * muwallad * ` person of mixed race . ', 
  my grandfather lived there for 40 years . 
  he 's buried there . 
  i took german all throughout high school and college . 
  like yourself , i am predisposed to like the germans . 
  if anyone wants to accuse me of innate anti-german bias , they are barking up the wrong tree . 
   germans on reddit seem to be pretty smug sadly , i must agree . 
  they are usually the first to call us racist , for example . 
  you 'd think it would be the french or the swedes or really anyone not involved in mass genocide , but , curiously , you would be wrong . 
  i get the feeling that it 's a way of dealing with collective guilt/shame . 
  if you call others short , you must be tall . 
  if you call others racist , the holocaust did n't happen or something . 
  ah well . 
  we can love them even if they do n't love us . 
  ( there really have been too many nazi movies . 
  what bad luck , being the villain du jour when the movie industry is reaching maturation . ), 
  yeah , but if a white guy , donating $ 10 million , gave a speech at the uncf and exclusively used negro in place of black , what would happen ? 
   i think the public schooling system is close to worthless in an educational capacity ( not just locally , rather the entire approach ) agreed . 
  really , all you can say is that it produces a literate population . 
  anything beyond that is presumptuous . 
   our president throwing a really , really , really embarassing tantrum that ivana trump does n't want to be the us embassador to cz did n't even hear about it , so do n't be too embarrassed . 
  not to mention , the whole ex-wife factor seems like a hurdle to good diplomacy . 
  it 's not really , but people often use the term in a derogatory manner . 
  the joke here is more about how different the two definitions are than anything to do with austria . 
  i will answer , because you 're probably just going to get a lot of no 's anyway . 
  yes . 
  the west views its values as universal , hence the uniformity of opinion on this question . 
  other civilizations , however , do not have a culture of respect built up around the institution of democracy . 
  in the west , when you lose an election , you lose an election . 
  maybe you put a pussy hat on and take to the streets , but , critically , you leave your ak-47 at home . 
  that reaction is not universal , and without it , democracy ca n't sustain itself longterm . 
  not necessarily . 
  do you deny that a grown man can threaten your life without a weapon ? 
  you do n't actually contradict what he 's saying . 
  you hang your entire argument on the word `` generally '' despite the fact that one would also say blacks shot by the police are generally doing something illegal . 
  being unarmed does n't mean you are n't doing something illegal . 
  and last but not least , studies done do not confirm the blm narrative that police are more likely to use deadly force against a black man . 
  there are like five problems with this comment . 
  til by the original definition , austria was a third-world country . 
  i 'll have to store this in my insult box . 
  the people with the queen on their money , and the people without .
