  if you want us there from day 1 , do n't arm the confederates , ya bastards . 
  ( also , irish catholics were a political reality we simply had to deal with . 
  pre-ww2 polling put catholics at 95 % against intervention . ), 
  canada is super triggered right now , eh, 
  you were doing so well in para 1 , and then you fumbled the ball in para 2 by implying the contradictions do n't exist within individuals . 
  isolationism and interventionism are both american qualities . 
  tl ; dr we 're even more schizophrenic than you suggest . 
  well , the country mansion thing is n't a stereotype . 
  we think of brits as living a very urban existence . 
   for example , if you live in a village with 500 people and you do n't get along with the priest and the majority of people like him , you will probably face some difficulties , but obviously not something very serious . 
  like for example if you will go to the mini-market they will give you the oldest bread this is one of the strangest things i 've read on this subreddit , yet i still am more curious about the rihanna thing . 
  i like umbrella . 
  i think it 's a great song . 
  but why does it belong in a religion class ? 
  they 're doing better i hear . 
  briefly eclipsed china in economic growth rate recently . 
  this summary leaves a lot to be desired . 
  yes , i can read your posts . 
  in this one , you 're saying public opinion in asia is merely lower than it 's been in the past , but not necessarily net negative . 
  two posts back , you said they hate our foreign policy . 
   when you go to asia , the same opinion prevails . 
  taiwan , the rok , and japan are not mere allies . 
  while you and i sit comfy in the west , they face an eternal existential threat . 
  one nation and one nation only helps them face it down . 
  what do you think the public thinks of that help ? 
  hates it ? 
  show me a liberal democracy in asia , and i will show you a friend of the united states . 
  ( relations with the rok are a little strained rn , but it 's to be expected given the circumstances . ), 
  it should not be a point against us that people living under authoritarian regimes dislike us . 
  i do n't reject that claim . 
  i reject that that claim and `` the rest of the world dislikes american foreign policy '' are equal claims . 
  i 'm not `` missing '' your point . 
  it just is n't quite as strong a point as you seem to think . 
  it 's not whoosh at all . 
  the topic of conversation is whether `` the rest of the world '' dislikes american foreign policy . 
  you just want to move the goalposts around . 
  buddy , what do you want ? 
  you 've got the fucking flag next to your name . 
  if you want to bring up portugal , just bring it up . 
  my use of `` your pm '' is a dumb thing to object to . 
  yeah , who do you think stands in between china and taiwan , for example ? 
  why does n't china just go invade them ? 
  oh god . 
  yeah , that 's one way of framing the issue . 
  have we ever propped up dictators for any reason whatsoever ? 
  yes . 
  we plead guilty . 
  how would you like to see a clip of your former pm claiming that the security umbrella provided by the us is a historical anomaly that lifted billions out of poverty ? 
  i mean , i do n't care . 
  i 'm a different guy . 
  that 's the plurality , not the majority . 
  hey , at least we have a foreign policy . 
  wait , there are rankings ? 
  i thought they just picked , you know , subjectively . 
  is it ? 
  you must frequent different areas of reddit than i do . 
  to that i would say , my parents ' generation received corporal punishment in school . 
  my dad said the principal smacked you on the rear with a wooden paddle * with little holes in it to make it more aerodynamic . 
  * but i have never met or even heard of someone my age receiving it . 
  just because state governments have yet to formally outlaw it does n't mean it 's actually in use . 
  they 're sort of notorious for being slow-moving . 
  e.g. , some states still have anti-sodomy laws . 
  does anyone enforce them ? 
  fuck no . 
   spanking is still pretty popular in america to this day ( afaik ) eh , i would n't say it 's * popular . 
  * ethnic minority standup comedians make jokes about white parents being unwilling to spank their kids . 
  / u/abrasiveteapot is correct . 
  often used by parents whose kids invite their friends over for dinner , in lieu of sharper condemnation . 
  burping at the table , for example , would draw this comment . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  my original comment would have been -20 .  seriously though , it 's not like we just killed saddam and said , `` peace , bitches . '', 
  if 2004 iraq had been as peaceful as 1946 germany or japan , ** rebuilding ** would be trivial . 
  it is not merely an american failure to `` take responsibility '' which prevents iraq from being rebuilt . 
  i would rather have sa on our side than try to operate ( doing anything ) between and around the conflict between them and iran . 
  so would israel , btw , which is why they 're intelligence partners ( open secret ) . 
  hey , we 've done it more times than germany has . 
  let 's not pretend like that 's the norm , jan. 
  have you ever seen the stop a douchebag guys ? 
  cunt hooks is either a troll or genuinely anti-american . 
  the jury is still out . 
  either way , save yourself the trouble . 
  every once in a while , you even see a sloppy one . 
  it 's like , are you new to this ? 
  get your shit together . 
  the european film industry is never going to stand on its own two legs if you just leech off of american creativity . 
  let me buy the rights from you . 
  first two are bants , last one is not . 
  talk about a conversation ender . 
  i lol 'd, 
   offworld colonies on europa pretty sure he 's being less than serious . 
  it does , but you 're not in it . 
  france runs the show . 
  it 's called the ue now . 
  there are two working languages , french and gypsy french . 
  poland uses most of its ue money to commission classically-inspired marble statues of dead and dying teutons being violated by winged hussars . 
  the netherlands is no longer a member , as it does n't exist thanks to the united states 's withdrawal from the paris climate accords . 
  to make up for it , we made a new state next to israel . 
  the dutch live there now . 
  now that you mention it , when someone says ue on / r/europe , that someone tends to be french . 
  you know , i had an indian roommate who hated gandhi .
