  certainly , the players in the french open slide much longer than you 're capable of sliding on artificial . 
  you slide * a little * , but not much . 
  what is green clay ? 
  artificial ? 
   latin american is pretty clear that we are n't talking about spaniards or portugese . 
  right , which is why it would n't be applicable to our spanish redditor friend . 
  hispanic , here , within our nomenclature , refers to mexico and southward , as you said -- excepting non-spanish speaking countries . 
  hence the movement toward latino , to be more inclusive of brazilians , etc. 
  ( however , official records retain the term hispanic or use a slash . ), 
  my one comment was a joke about how he might be latino , but he could n't be latin american , as he is not from latin america . 
  this is a joke because usually the two are perfect synonyms , but not here . 
  huh ? 
  for all intents and purposes , the difference between hispanic and latino is brazilians . 
  do you guys have many clay courts ? 
  here it 's overwhelmingly hard court , with maybe 2 % `` artificial clay . '', 
  actual clay is very rare . 
  canada has probably imitated our version by now , too . 
  latin american ? 
  you 're from europe , silly goose . 
  we do n't . 
  we think it 's a thing in italy , too , albeit a more primitive version . 
  technically , you can self-identify as whatever you want . 
  the feds have no `` racial codes . '', 
  the fact is , the system was designed for the groups we 've had to deal with . 
  that includes lots of spanish speakers but very few direct immigrants from spain . 
  white hispanic . 
  we differentiate between white and non-white hispanic . 
  they have every right to be there , but not to scam and steal . 
  or to squat on land , i assume ( depending on local laws ) . 
  from the description , they almost sound like an unambitious criminal organization . 
  are they considered citizens ? 
  what is it about them that keeps the police from cracking down ? 
   getting tired of people from the other side of the world commenting of topics on which they are clueless welcome to my world , bro . 
  especially where race is concerned . 
  if you had to guess , how many times has this occurred ? 
  the german root with the english - ize ending . 
  it sort of hints at a time when the two were beginning to diverge , especially considering that it 's a word meaning `` to turn into powder . '', 
  one imagines some saxon apothecary in south england instructing his apprentice , `` turn this into powder , please . 
  pulverize it . '', 
  oh , i forgot my favorite one , though it 's not a loan word , per se . 
  pulver is german for powder , but nobody knows that . 
  for clarification , you 're talking ron paul , etc. , yes ? 
  good to know . 
  i would definitely take that as an invitation . 
  have you ever seen the stop a douchebag guys ? 
  yeah , i 'm just trying to guess his meaning . 
  i think he 's referring to the reign of terror bit . 
  i am america . 
  ama . 
  bro , you do n't even know about liberty university . 
  they have what they claim to be 3,000-year-old dinosaur bones . 
  no , they will not give you a fragment to carbon date . 
  also , the last bullet point on a&m is a little ridiculous . 
  every president gets a library , and you got ta put it somewhere . 
  no one says no to that . 
   students are required to take classes in humanities , us history and political science . 
  broadly , this is true of every college in america . 
  i stole it from a movie . 
  an aspiring author meets his favorite writer in the end , and he tells him the above , only it 's `` great authors . '', 
  the movie is called orange county . 
  all thinking people have a love/hate relationship with the place where they grew up . 
  too much free speech , brah . 
  amphetamines, 
  the one is often a proxy for the other ... 
  i feel like many in this thread are either `` putting on '' or do n't realize they are describing a situation very near the situation in the us . 
  depends . 
  who 'd he get it from ? 
  i mean only we , to my knowledge , use an electoral college type system to * directly * elect the president/pm . 
  in the uk , this is not the case . 
   and your states are a lot more bigger than the electoral districts are in the united kingdom . 
  yes , but speaking exclusively about the legislative branch , only senators are elected by statewide ballot . 
  reps in the house represent congressional districts , which are ( usually ) much smaller . 
  this is arguably somewhat similar to parliament 's electoral districts , no ? 
  more similar , anyway . 
   i want to start off by saying i have never been to the usa but we learn a lot about it in school and on the news . 
  `` go on ... '', 
  most americans would agree with you . 
  we 're all keenly aware that we 're the only country which uses this system , btw . 
  that 's fine , but we do n't gerrymander state lines . 
   the problem with the us election system is the first-past-the-post nonsense , which combined with gerrymandering means that even within a single state , candidate a may get more votes than candidate b , and yet candidate b wins the state , and all of the state 's electors go on to vote for for b. 
  apart from maine and nebraska , all states are decided by straight popular vote . 
  gerrymandering is a legitimate complaint when it comes to congressional districts , not the presidential race . 
  the described scenario can not occur . 
   link interestingly , they only * pretend * to take a stance on immigration . 
   all four parties in the us there 's a phrase i 've never heard before . 
  eh , i was more shocked by 2004 than 2016 . 
  even in suburban , white bread ohio , nobody spoke positively of bush . 
  `` lies , wmds , lies , wmds . '', 
  but then , i was a soph in high school . 
  my perspective was whatever jon stewart told me it was . 
  i have been meaning to ask what the other parts are like , but i do n't know how to phrase the question . 
  how would you ask it , as a thread title ? 
  i think you mean the house . 
  regardless , congress has little ability to dictate foreign policy , especially when that policy does n't cost money . 
  iirc , the eu is gay pigs who wo n't let russiabear inside their fence . 
  what kind of turtles do you have ? 
  senate is part of congress . 
  you mean the house and the senate . 
  false . 
  you play to win the game in front of you .
