  someone will say that 's simply because my teacher was a far-right nut , but no . 
  he was a very mild-mannered , even meek , jewish man with a master 's degree from harvard 's kennedy school of government . 
  ( the jews vote heavily democratic . ), 
  the entire year , he would not give us his personal opinion on anything . 
  we dealt strictly in fact . 
  ----- the first thing to understand is that today , in 2017 , to call something exceptional is to call it superior , but it was n't always that way . 
  the literal meaning is right there in the word : the thing is an exception . 
  ( this happens a lot in english . 
  outstanding , noteworthy , etc. ), 
  roughly , i would say there is a nationalistic meaning and a pragmatic meaning . 
  the nationalistic meaning : `` the u.s. is different . 
  many of those differences are things we place high value on and wish to preserve . '', 
  the pragmatic : `` politically , we 're playing on a different chess board than others are ( new continent , etc. ) . 
  the lessons european powers have learned over the centuries do not necessarily apply to our situation . 
  we have different wants , needs , and constraints than they do . '', 
   `` home of the brave , land of the free '' fwiw , it 's the other way around . 
  i 'm sure you do n't care , but what kind of american would i be if i did n't say something ? 
   edit . 
  if you had to guess , how are americans `` taught '' to believe we 're the greatest country in the world ? 
  obviously , it 's not , `` lesson one . 
  we 're da best . 
  around . 
  nothing 's gon na ever keep us down . '', 
  this post explains a lot . 
  thanks for your time . 
  `` yes '' means `` leave the uk , '' correct ? 
  you 're the second person to bring up oil prices . 
  eli5 , what is the significance there ? 
   his name is waldemar knoll oh god , i thought you were fucking with us and his great uncle was going to turn out to be on the other side . 
   also this you got ta be fucking kidding me . 
  oh , you mean it 's very literal . 
  yes . 
  refrigerator is `` cold closet , '' for example . 
  damn . 
  any one of those three would be an insult i could deal with , but if you said all three to me at once , i would kill myself . 
  in english , provincial has a negative connotation . 
  the first thing that comes to mind is a fat magistrate in the 1700s saying , `` oh , how * provincial * . '', 
  < guffaw guffaw guffaw .  because he 's `` too good '' for the place he 's magistrate over . 
  google 's 2nd definition :  of or concerning the regions outside the capital city of a country , ** especially when regarded as unsophisticated or narrow-minded . 
  ** if you went around calling things provincial day after day , you might get slapped here . 
  ( not really . 
  people would call you a faggot behind your back , though . ), 
  actually , while we 're here , would op or another romanian care to detail the situation ? 
  all i know is that the government softened anti-corruption measures , and that people were so furious that they were protesting day-and-night . 
  it does n't seem like there are two sides ; everyone is upset other than the politicians in power . 
  is that about right ? 
  what else do i need to know ? 
   i have n't read about countries supporting one or the other . 
  2 hours ago , / r/europe : [ the danish prime minister , lars l\u00f8kke rasmussen , just postponed a state visit by the turkisk prime minister binali y\u0131ld\u0131r\u0131m , because of turkey 's behavior towards the netherlands . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5yz1lr/the_danish_prime_minister_lars_l%c3%b8kke_rasmussen/ ), 
  yeah , i do n't know what 's going on either . 
  why would someone compare a great generation of intellectuals to modern-day sjws ? 
  should n't the reader be able to infer , just based on how blindingly stupid that would be , that they have misinterpreted what the writer is saying ? 
  yep . 
  even if you ca n't apply facial recognition for vehicles on the highway , you might still be able to see how many passengers are in the car , whether it is a man or woman driving , etc. 
  i got a ticket in dc , which is infamous for its many red light cameras . 
  ( dc is not in a state , so they are more limited than other cities in funding their public programs . 
  because they are bastards , they make up for this with an absurd number of red light cameras . ), 
  anyway , they mailed the ticket to my address . 
  inside was a photo of the back of my jeep , with my license plate . 
  the clarity of the photo was pretty impressive . 
  it looked like a photographer took it . 
  you might think , since the car is moving , it would be blurry -- no . 
  the car looks like it 's standing still . 
  good thread , mensch !, 
  intellectually fulfilling discussion , imo . 
  exactly . 
  exactly , exactly , exactly . 
  i was thinking anywhere from 15 to several dozen . 
  some college kids on a road trip from berlin to belarus got stopped at a `` routine check , '' too , but they did n't get out of the car and start shooting . 
  nobody will ever know , of course , but that 's the logical way to approach the problem . 
  intelligence phones up highway police in locations a through z , you let them know you 're looking for the berlin attacker . 
  be on high alert . 
  be safe . 
  patrol with two officers to a car . 
  you 're looking for a white peugeot . 
  my guess would be , regarding car tracking , that they might not track every movement . 
  you might drive to your local movie theatre without getting logged , if it 's close enough . 
  but you ca n't drive , say , 50 miles on the highway without getting logged . 
  impossible . 
  i mean literally impossible : they make sure you ca n't in order to provide some boundaries for their algorithms . 
  just to further extend it : amri 's options are pretty limited . 
  he can hide in a friend 's basement in berlin . 
  he can try to board a plane ( good luck ) . 
  he can hop in a car and drive as far away as he can , as fast as he can ( while obeying speed limits ) . 
  if he chooses option 3 , then assuming he does n't have a network of people supporting him , he 's going to be in one car . 
  what do you think ? 
  i think some database exists which could tell us in 0.02 seconds how many cars left the berlin area within a certain time range and have a been on the road `` too much '' since then . 
  99.999 % of traffic is highly regular . 
  how many people are driving from berlin to france to italy ? 
  that car 's travel profile would stick out like a sore thumb . 
  my honest opinion is that the authorities lie to the public when it comes to these things , and that that 's a good thing . 
  if the italian police or interpol or whoever gets up at the podium and tells everyone exactly how they caught the guy , they 're giving information to the bad guys on how to elude capture . 
  when these organizations really want somebody , they can usually find him . 
  he was n't hiding in a cave . 
  he was driving a car . 
  big , rolling objects with unique ids on the back that can only operate on certain strips of land , all of which our computers have perfectly mapped out . 
  if anything , mr. amri was lucky to make it so far away . 
  well that 's who i 'm referring to . 
  the greatest intellectuals in spanish history were ignorant conformists who lacked any true spirit ?
