  see what i mean ? 
  two totally different dialects . 
  well , some say minneapolis , minnesota is the gay capital of the us , so they 're making the fatherland proud up there , freezing their asses off and being pro-homo . 
  yeah , i do n't really `` get '' orthodox . 
  to me it 's just bizarro catholicism . 
  we have very limited experience with it here . 
   the papal tongue ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  imo , it 's basically a stand-in for christendom . 
  it 's the name of our mega-civilization . 
  it is a troublesome term , though . 
  * russians use the term `` westerner '' to refer to * others * ( not all others , but others ) , when , by the above definition , they are westerners themselves . 
  then again , if we let russia ruin an otherwise good , clean definition , we ca n't use `` europe '' or `` asia '' anymore either . 
  * what to do with the central and south americans , whose membership in the secular west is disputed but whose membership in christendom would not have been . 
  begging the question of what qualifies a human right ... 
  ^ ^ ^ dodging ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ question, 
  butt stuff, 
  a definition that is yet to be tested and until then is just that , a definition . 
  what did kaiser wilhelm mean when he said he would n't pick his crown up from the gutter ? 
  hey some people pay good money for that, 
  \\  whole economy run by like 3 corporations \\  `` perhaps '', 
   only if you exclude the ~ 2000 years of dying for your king , queen , baron , duke , etc i do , as the eu did n't exist . 
  not everybody . 
  you 're conflating europe with eu proper . 
  the spartans did not fight for the eu . 
  that should be a totally uncontroversial statement . 
  politicians can and will blur the line between defensive and offensive when the time comes . 
  in 2003 , the phrase on everybody 's lips was `` pre-emptive strike . '', 
  overall good comment , but i will respond only to areas of disagreement , because that 's just who i am as a person . 
   ask yourself why a country like germany for example who could develop them very easily has never done so . 
  i have a feeling my answer and yours would be pretty different , based on your second-to-last paragraph . 
   would a german/italy/british / french soldier today be less likely to fight for the city they were born in than say during the german empire or the italian empire i find this to be an argument against an eu army . 
  surely you can see why . 
  the question is not whether amsterdammers will defend amsterdam but whether they will defend tallinn . 
  if you are going to argue that motivations are more local than national , then surely supranational motivations are all the weaker . 
   we might be going down the stupid path right now with brexit , but the uk has always known one thing , if you do n't find them `` there '' then eventually you 'll be fighting them `` here '' ( being the uk or at least within close enough range to start effecting stability and prosperity for itself ) . 
  yes , but how far does this extend ? 
  belgium is one thing , the easternmost countries of the eu are another . 
  for myself , i strongly believe the we nations view the ee nations as a buffer . 
  ee is more `` there '' ; belgium is far closer to `` here . '', 
   well , soldiers dying in the middle east is n't really dying for their country and they 're happy to fight there . 
  i know what you 're saying , but i do n't think they would totally share that sentiment . 
  i base that on the podcast of a navy seal which i listen to . 
  * even if we set aside the question of the me * , however , people still sign up with the understanding that the american flag is going to be on their shoulder . 
  as boys , they grow up learning stories x , y , and z in history class . 
  they want to carry on that tradition . 
  the eu has no such history to lean on . 
  there is no eu version of `` do n't fire until you see the whites of their eyes . '', 
  the reason i think this is a critical distinction is the difficulty `` externally created '' nations seem to have in creating willing military forces ( and indeed , governing , period ) . 
  there was a story a year or two ago about 18,000 iraqi troops fleeing in the face of 400 isis . 
  obviously the eu would do better than that , but hopefully you see my point about a possible lack of conviction . 
  hey , this is my offseason sub !, 
  get your own . 
   his campaign was a disaster , too . 
  for the life of me , i have no idea how an intelligent observer can come to this conclusion . 
  if trump 's campaign was a disaster , what was hillary 's ? 
  keeping in mind that the goal of a campaign is to win an election . 
   basically any mainstream , moderate democrat with a charisma to match trump 's will beat him . 
  that 's basically what they said about gwb , baby . 
  they were wrong . 
  polandball appearances per capita . 
  eesti is surely # 1 . 
  same . 
  mainly cops . 
   forming , maintaining and following a queue in an ordered and disciplined fashion . 
  orderly shitstorm incoming . 
   but victim blaming is ? 
  how do you mean ? 
   but i do n't think he has a real shot of getting a second term . 
  why do you think that ? 
  do you blame greece or yourself ? 
  will you leave switzerland alone , rafa ? 
  what did they ever do to you ? 
  did you know ? 
  the uk is now the # 1 foreign investor in america . 
  east germans are kramer from seinfeld . 
  banks are the one exception . 
   good work/life balance you know , some people want the late shifts . 
  say you do n't have any real skills , and you work at a grocery store . 
  how do you stop working at a grocery store ? 
  by going back to school . 
  how do you go back to school and work at the grocery store ? 
  by taking the late shifts . 
   well , if you count the ussr 's milestones as european then it is definitely a tie . 
  danny boyle continues to insist those are n't zombies , btw . 
  i 'm a midwesterner myself , so i see the appeal of chicago , but it feels somehow wrong to move it outside colonial territory . 
  you are right , though . 
  it would be philadelphia . 
  the only other options are nyc and boston , which are too far north . 
  even the yanks , old chap ? 
  even us ? 
  common misunderstanding . 
  pineapples are not banned . 
  the nations that produce them simply fall short of the uk 's health and safety standards on very large fruits . 
  you know i do n't speak spanish . 
  uk , us , canada , australia , nz . 
  it 's an intelligence sharing group . 
  like i said , the geography is critical : those countries have a high percentage of the global internet traffic running through cables in their territory . 
  when you hit save on a reddit comment , there 's a good chance that data goes through the uk to get to reddit 's servers in the us . 
  likewise , if you were in japan , it would go through aus/nz . 
  i enjoyed the discussion as well .
