  that 's a bingo . 
  yeah , i mean , we knew this from the beginning . 
  washington , dc was built at the longitudinal middle of the country for a reason ; namely , impartiality between the two sides . 
  to give you an idea of how deep the divide ran : in going from 13 states to 28 , we basically traded off , adding one northern state for every southern state ( or vice versa ) to preserve the voting balance . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_u.s._states_by_date_of_admission_to_the_union then , # 29-33 were all non-slave states . 
  five in a row . 
  # 33 was added in 1959 . 
  `` decision 1860 '' rolls around . 
  the republican party is 6 years old . 
  their candidate , abe lincoln , gets elected in the most abnormal electoral college result before or since : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_presidential_election,_1860 ( compare the popular vote percentages with the electoral points ... and also note that the south split their vote between three candidates ) . 
  bam , seven states secede before lincoln even gets inaugurated . 
  -- and yet ... 
  i 'm happy to have the south with us today . 
  we would n't be the same without them . 
  i do n't know what your first sentence means . 
  rednecks and wall street execs vote for the same party . 
  i think we 've got more than two . 
  you 're the expert . 
  you probably anticipated this counterpoint , but it has been tried . 
  civil war . 
  roll your eyes because slavery , fine , but un-roll them because a group of states seceding would be significantly more viable than a single state . 
  you 're probably right that we would n't do it , but we ca n't do it anyway , so it 's hard to say , really . 
  patriotism would be the primary obstacle ( apart from military force ) . 
  if we were in an eu situation , texas would have bolted by now . 
  with respect to the eu , i would only submit to you that the vision you 're talking about probably ( for all i know ) was not the founding vision . 
  it seems to me to be something that developed over time , especially with/after the advent of the euro . 
  i think , you know , there 's a good balance there . 
  you 're still sweden , for example , but you can be represented on the international stage as part of a 450-million person polity rather than 10-million . 
  you get to have your cake and eat it too , to some extent . 
  the one-to-one nature of `` us state-to-european country '' comparisons really misses a lot . 
  you guys on the other side of the atlantic tend to overestimate how much power and influence state governments have . 
   fewer people does n't necessarily mean fewer groups . 
  not with mathematical precision , but overwhelmingly , that is generally the case . 
  i do n't just mean ethnic groups or whatever . 
  industries , etc. 
  when iceland makes big economic decisions , they can ask , `` how will this affect our fishing industry ? '', 
  norway can ask , `` how will this affect our oil industry ? '', 
  it 's much more complex to represent the sum total economic interests of the united states . 
  the consequence of that which i wish to draw attention to is that it 's relatively easy to accidentally fuck whole industries without realizing what you 're doing . 
  norway could never accidentally fuck their oil industry . 
  they could make a bad decision , but that 's just called being wrong . 
  it happens . 
  it 's true . 
  he said repeatedly that we need to get out of the nation-building business . 
  ( someone here will say , `` aha !, 
  missile strike ! '', 
  but that 's not nation-building . ), 
  -- the thing is , it 's a paradox . 
  if we return to our isolationist ways , what happens ? 
  i 'll give you an example . 
  there 's this place called scarborough shoal in the philippines . 
  the philippines is an american ally , so we 're supposed to help defend encroachment on their territory . 
  like , say , if china says , `` this is ours now . '', 
  which they did , in 2012 . 
  traditionally , we would have done something about it ourselves . 
  we 're taking this to the hague . '', 
  the hague ruled in our favor . 
  in 2017 , china is still there , because china does n't give two shits what the hague thinks . 
  good one , b. 
  which world do we want to live in ? 
  it 's a tough call , and it 's only getting tougher by the day . 
  euros are often unwilling to admit this simple truth , but governance ** is ** more difficult the bigger you are . 
  russia and china and india and , yes , the united states are harder to govern than the netherlands . 
  the bureaucracies are larger and messier . 
  the special interests are more interested . 
  let 's take it out of the europe/america thing to drive the point home . 
  look at singapore . 
  pop . 
  5.6 million . 
  3rd in pop . 
  density in the entire world . 
  chewing gum is banned . 
  why ? 
  irrelevant . 
  the point is , they can enforce that . 
  china could n't enforce that in a million years ( exhibit a : opium ) . 
  lastly , your politicians simply understand your people better . 
  i feel this point should be pretty uncontroversial , so i wo n't belabor it . 
  fewer people , fewer groups = easier to understand . 
  in this case , i disagree with op . 
  opinion on ww1 is divided . 
  to attempt an answer to your question , though : we have n't * had to * fight a war arguably since 1812 . 
  `` had to '' meaning out of pure self-defense . 
  we could have let pearl harbor go . 
  we could 've just given the japanese the oil they wanted . 
  ( pearl harbor was a response to our embargo of oil to japan . ), 
  in the course of history , plenty of nations have taken that route . 
  my point is , when every fight is a relatively voluntary choice , you look back on it differently as a nation . 
  people take both sides of the debate . 
  secondly , george washington very famously told us in his farewell address not to get involved in the affairs of europe . 
  we 're isolationists at heart , yet duty calls . 
  evil is afoot . 
  p. s. - you would not believe the number of wars we 've gotten into because somebody allegedly sunk one of our ships ( or in the case of the lusitania , a british ship with americans on it ) . 
  civil war , spanish - american war , ww1 , ww2 , vietnam . 
  oh , sit the fuck down . 
  wyoming has like three people . 
  i do n't care what those three people 's hdi stats are . 
  the whole state is a fucking forest . 
  it is the opposite of `` developed . '', 
  the opposite !,
