  the sole function of the vp is to `` balance the ticket . '', 
  you pick someone who 's strong in voter demographics you 're weak in . 
  for a former democrat from nyc running as a republican , that 's the religious right . 
  i 've had about enough of your anti-lucky charms rhetoric . 
  this man just slid a linkin park reference under everyone 's nose . 
  high-five , patriot !, 
  i respect europe 's choice to think of free speech differently than we do , but ultimately , it 's not what i would want for myself -- for the very reasons you outline . 
  america has many imperfections , but this is not one of them . 
  we already have enough freedom . 
  it 's you guys who need more of it . 
  trevor phillips , former head of uk human rights commission http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2016/04/trevor-phillips-is-finally-discovering-the-pitfalls-of-the-term-islamophobia/ if you 're short on time , just read the italicized sections . 
  those are all mr phillips talking . 
  http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2016/04/trevor-phillips-is-finally-discovering-the-pitfalls-of-the-term-islamophobia/ apparently popularized , not coined . 
  my bad . 
  regardless , he was also the former head of the uk equality and human rights commission . 
  the uk academic who coined the term has since switched his stance and admits they refuse to integrate . 
  in { current_year } ? 
  go beat a baby seal with a club , comrade, 
  canada is not so great , really, 
  the amish are a very small percentage of the population, 
  men are fully aware of the reality of violence . 
  women , less so -- especially those from upper-middle class backgrounds . 
  my guess : alaska has an extremely high male : female ratio , and men are more violent . 
  oh , now you 've done it . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/5jczh6/facebook_charged_with_misleading_eu_on_22_billion/dbf8c7w/ if that 's all it takes to mislead , this is a joke . 
   people just do n't understand probability . 
  i am so tired of hearing this line . 
  how low a chance would they have needed to assign trump for you to say they were wrong ? 
  god only knows . 
  they say 40 % of the debt is one us agency owing another , but still . 
  i ca n't imagine we will ever pay this off legitimately . 
  this jakub marian guy has hit on a wonderful advertising scheme . 
  i mean that for reasons unknown to me , finances do not seem to be an issue . 
  we 'll just keep spending and spending . 
  you say that , yet the debt inches closer to $ 20t . 
  really , the eu is the thing responsible for that ? 
  not , say , nuclear bombs ? 
  splitting up germany and maintaining troops on the ground ? 
  those are n't the things ? 
  really , it was banned here ? 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  the balls are almost characters in their own right . 
  history is just a reservoir of material for joke making . 
  right , but how do you prove/disprove nationality here ? 
  what , and gays ca n't ? 
  you disgust me . 
  * i 'm through with standing in line to clubs i 'll never get in *, 
  ironically , even the uk academic who coined `` islamophobia '' has reversed his position and now admits they are actively creating parallel societies . 
  allegedly . 
  another interpretation would be that she did it to solidify germany 's position as moral leader . 
  you ca n't ask germany for x , y , and z , because they 're doing the heavy lifting . 
  who are you to complain ? 
  ( i know nothing about eu politics -- just throwing an idea out . 
  do n't take me seriously . ), 
  it 's the same distance whether you 're running forward or backward, 
  1,933 miles, 
  or maroon . 
  maroon is a little more red , burgundy is a little more purple . 
  booooo reuters boo . 
   however , people have difficulties understanding probabilities . 
  i am so tired of hearing this line . 
  what would it take for you to believe 538 was wrong ? 
  how low would they have needed to assign his win probability ? 
  odd name for a rocket, 
  wilson was an unabashed racist , but `` catastrophic '' is hyperbolic . 
  nobody has a ` civil right ' for birth of a nation not to exist , nor does drinking alcohol have anything to do with civil rights . 
  all you can really point to is re-segregating restrooms in particular buildings , which was of course not a legal change . 
  personally , i blame women for prohibition . 
  bring it back !, 
  make germany prussia again . 
  seriously, 
  you would just eat it, 
   a fifth column is any group of people who undermine a larger group -- such as a nation or a besieged city -- from within , usually in favor of an enemy group or nation . 
  the activities of a fifth column can be overt or clandestine . 
  i think `` paper tiger '' is just a favorite phrase . 
  he used it today in an interview regarding the ramifications of a trump presidency . 
  title is a paraphrase of the article , but the article paraphrases an interview from the bbc which i can not find a link for . 
  title is correct . 
  uh , no it 's not , because he did n't need to be appointed . 
  the other dude , from another party , appointed him chancellor as a political move . 
  there was nothing democratic about it . 
  false - hitler was appointed , not elected . 
   clinton might 've not been very inspiring , but she did offer solutions and `` change '' for those workers in the rust belt : coal and the old manufacturing jobs are gone forever and that sucks , but we can invest and try to shift focus on new , green energy . 
  that 's not a solution for a 50yo coal worker with a family to feed and kids he wants to send to college . 
  it 's a solution for someone else who is n't in the workforce yet . 
  you know , i did think it was weird how much cz and slovakia stood out on [ the maps ] ( https://i.redd.it/bfg2ndh786fz.png ) . 
  most other countries are sort of the `` sum '' of their neighbors , if you will . 
  yet both poland and germany respond 50-59 % in the first map ( black person ) , whereas cz is at 20-29 % . 
  that did n't make sense to me . 
  were they really language-saving heroes ? 
  or just lazy men like myself who would prefer not to have to learn a new language just to read books ? 
  damn , jane , you 're a cold motherfucker, 
  well , that 's the thing . 
  like 2/10 topics are interesting . 
  i thoroughly enjoyed the presidential offices one , but most of them are the epitome of meh . 
  actually , i want to know why they have 55 on their knees . 
  no one in this thread is talking about it , which is ridiculous . 
  why 55 ? 
  it does n't matter . 
  it 's irrelevant whether it 's a new program .
