  do you seriously expect the nation to split ? 
  will the map of europe look different in x years because of all this ? 
  if so , why now ? 
  what has held things together for the 100 years since your quote , and why are those things failing to hold things together now ? 
  big picture , what 's the driving force behind it ? 
  shifting identities ? 
  this is hilarious . 
  i was like , `` i do n't like that map . 
  let me go find the one i like . '', 
  turns out , [ it 's the same fucking map . 
  ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/wamo/mag/1111/1111.woodard_article.jpg ) by the same fucking guy . 
   we are going toward a federal state which is the first step toward a split . 
  who is ` we ' ? 
  how do you mean the word ` federal ' ? 
  and what would you label the current , non-federal situation ? 
   also they 're going to pass a series of law to fuck the workers over can you elaborate ? 
   about a week . 
   printed its own money mostly i 'm just impressed, 
  semi-related : yours truly is descended from the last person to be burned at the stake in england . 
  not for witchcraft , but rather claiming to be the second coming . 
  [ he even has his own wikipedia page . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/edward_wightman ), 
  short answer : midwestern is the accent used in american media . 
  this was decided back in the 1950s or whatever , when tv started getting big . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  ironically , the one non-us film is titled * brooklyn * ( ireland/uk/canada ) . 
  we have a couple us/uk , and one us/canada . 
  naturally , all of these are in english ; it 's exceedingly rare to find a foreign , subtitled film in a typical theatre . 
  and when you do , it 's a kung fu flick . 
  * crouching tiger , hidden dragon . 
  * that kind of thing . 
  even oscar-level stuff like das leben der anderen , if you want to see it , you 're going to an art house theatre . 
  it 's just too niche . 
  we have the same setup . 
  the second type are referred to as `` art house theatres . '', 
  thanks for your response !, 
  yes , and it refers to canada, 
  no doubt . 
  it 's actually a known statistical phenomenon that teams flying from east coast to west have a consistently sub -.500 win percentage . 
  but not in reverse , oddly . 
  ultimately , i think the nfl will do whatever it takes to make it work . 
  my # 1 question is , are we in for a major divisional realignment ? 
  because the odds-on favorite to move to london is alleged to be jacksonville ( they could even keep the name !, 
  their division mates are houston , indianapolis , and tennessee . 
  a division with new york and boston might be more fitting . 
  nhl 's national actually refers to canada . 
  toronto ( founded ' 77 ) plays in the al because montreal ( founded ' 69 ) played in the nl , and the mlb always splits up geographic competitors , because they 're dumb . 
   they hold a very american outlook at race can you expand on the differences ? 
  fyi , the military rents out aircraft , etc in exchange for veto power over script items . 
  note the difference between , say , top gun and the bourne identity vis a vis patriotism . 
   locals are expected to compose nearly the entire sellout crowd . 
  more than 90 percent of the fans at the game will be from the united kingdom , with the majority living within a 2.5-hour drive of wembley , kirkwood told sports business journal . 
  about 4 percent will come from mainland europe and about five percent will come from the united states , including expatriates living overseas . 
  what does the n in nhl stand for ? 
  i see what you 're saying , yet while the bigger pool would address the issue of no-names getting injured , star players are irreplaceable . 
  so to speak . 
  that 's what the nfl has been trying to figure out . 
  they started with one london game , then moved to two , and so on . 
  once you 're at eight , you 're effectively approximating a regular season schedule for everyone and everything other than the hypothetical london team , from the opponent down to concession stands and police and what have you . 
  teose are all things that need to run smoothly . 
  imo the issue of competitive disadvantage can be addressed through creative scheduling . 
  games are played on sun , mon , thur , and late in the season , sat . 
  there 's a lot you can do with that , e.g. 
  give london a lot of away games against teams who played on monday the week prior , such that both teams miss a day . 
  you could also do longer road/home stints to cut down on travel . 
  i would also not be surprised if the league went from one bye week to two for even more flexibility . 
  really ? 
  i find that weird . 
  a friend of mine had a german girlfriend for about a year . 
  our friend group hung out pretty regularly , and nobody brought up the war that i can recall . 
  then again , it just so happened that 2/3 of us took german in school , so maybe we simply were n't as curious , as we already knew the situation . 
  germans put up with so much bullshit like that . 
  imo , it was simply this future generation 's bad luck that hollywood was set to take off in the decades following the war . 
  media is a powerful thing . 
  the connection is instantaneous in people 's minds . 
  i feel bad for them . 
  kevin spacey has said in interviews that when he and the creators pitched the idea to networks , they liked the idea themselves but were tentative about signing , because they did n't know how audiences would react . 
  netflix , on the other hand , said `` yes yes yes ! '', 
  from the very beginning . 
  specifically , their data informed them that their customers would respond positively . 
  and it 's easy to see how netflix 's data gives them more nuanced insights than the traditional nielsen data , test screening with focus groups , etc. 
  makes sense . 
  ohio/virginia here . 
  every state does it differently . 
  i have zero idea where you 're getting this from . 
  how did your teachers explain potsdam ? 
  did your textbooks not have maps of germany divided into four regions ? 
  if , as everyone knows , hitler was fighting a two-front war , what was the other front ? 
  what kinds of things do people say to her ? 
  it 's hard to imagine that , for me . 
  the only depictions of the ddr i 've seen are things like the lives of others or goodbye lenin , where the characters see behind the veil , if you will . 
  by which i mean , the perspectives of the characters let the audience view the events through modern eyes . 
  guessing allowed, 
  * more than one ? 
  go with the better one . 
  * historical ? 
  mythological ? 
  irrelevant !, 
  ( but note which . ), 
  rules : * one union per nation .
