  do you disagree ? 
  precisely . 
  i had never thought of it till now , but `` media '' could equally apply to both , whereas `` the media '' only means news media , as you say . 
  for example , a 6th grade teacher might ask her class to list `` forms of media , '' and the students would say newspapers , tv , radio , etc. 
  likely only i find this interesting , but oh well . 
  yeah , your comment and others ' give me the impression that this forum does n't really `` get '' uber . 
  to me , that 's like asking for a source on whether the sun is going to rise . 
  uber drivers are basically a random sampling of the adult male population . 
  you can tell they 're not professionals when you step in the car , based on demeanor , etc. 
  i am beginning to understand why / r/europe is anti-uber . 
  that 's the rudest thing i 've ever heard in my life . 
  honestly , it 's endearing that you have not simply written them off as assholes . 
  it shows you want to believe people are good , even when they are not . 
  i will only say this . 
  you never know what someone 's home life is like . 
  think about what `` normal '' must be for someone who is so rude . 
  we do n't have it here . 
  is this applicable all the time ? 
  just things you imported ? 
  maybe dumb question , but what is the apple/ireland thing about then ? 
  eli5 what is vat, 
  it 's a difference for anyone , man . 
  you do n't just throw away $ 9 over and over . 
  is it really ? 
  i thought italian switzerland was the less rich switzerland . 
  vacation, 
  ca n't say for sure , but * usually * the joint press conference is the last thing they do together . 
  first you meet , then you talk about how the meeting went and make declarations and so forth . 
  [ does his face speak volumes in this one as well ? 
   trump is ruining our relationship with the united states permanently whether you like it or not . 
  geopolitical reality is a thing and we can be allies today and enemies tomorrow . 
  then it 's not permanent , is it ? 
  please refrain from speaking on my behalf . 
  thank you . 
  for all you know , anyway . 
  that 's not the point . 
  he said `` any enemy . '', 
  we 're testing that claim . 
   then again some eu members have wmds as well . 
  that 's enough to dissuade action . 
  i 'm just throwing your own points right back at you , it 's funny that you did n't even consider the eu 's wmds acting as a deterrent when you make a point about russia 's wmds acting as a deterrent . 
  how 's this ; putin does n't want war with the eu , wants to keep trading with them instead , and would n't risk war with the eu over a small piece of land ? 
  the eu is not a country . 
  the eu is not a country . 
  the eu is not a country . 
  france would be crazy to risk russia nuking paris in order to help latvia . 
  in all likelihood , they would much rather say , `` fine . 
  take latvia . '', 
  of course i 'm speculating . 
  we 're talking about future events !, 
   how would they keep trading if they used wmds against them , or threatened to use them ? 
  same way we trade with japan . 
  there 's a fact for you . 
  actually , though , i reject the premise : russia would n't need to use them or threaten to use them . 
  you know they have them . 
  that 's enough to dissuade action . 
  your entire argument is , `` here 's what i would do if i were king of the eu . '', 
  that 's nice , bro . 
  nations trade with each other after wars . 
  dude , you 're talking about going up against the nation with the biggest nuclear arsenal in the world like it 's a sunday picnic . 
  not even to defend your own country . 
  to defend latvia . 
  you 're the one talking out of your ass . 
  http://i.imgur.com/vzrvyvx.png imagine what the results would be if we replaced `` your country '' with `` latvia . '', 
  i think once we start talking about economic sanctions for lebensraum , we have basically ceded the point that russia would win . 
   we 've seen what european countries are capable of in the last century . 
  it 'd be nice if we can avoid that though . 
  yeah , i think that mentality is why france caved so fast last time , though . 
  russia is in an interwar germany situation : embarrassed former power with a bone to pick . 
  they want to fight more than w. europe , by a lot . 
  and willingness to fight is a big part of who wins . 
  you know , just because you guys think of the eu as indivisible does n't mean everyone else does . 
  if russia can give itself some lebensraum and still trade with western europe , what 's the difference ? 
   but this scenario is extremely unlikely it 's based off of nato vs russia + china , which is less unlikely . 
  china could n't do shit * today . 
  * for this scenario to be real , we need china to be saying , `` yes , we are trying to conquer europe . '', 
  and everything that goes along with that . 
  you really believe a combined russia-china could n't overtake europe by itself ? 
  impossibru ? 
  for me it was more like , `` wait , whatever test you 're doing , you 're just going to believe what the car tells you ? 
  that 's your plan ? 
  you 're dumb !, 
  why are you so dumb ! '', 
   crack den/daycare wat, 
  that was so funny , i explained this whole thread to my brother sitting next to me just to tell your joke . 
  the color orange makes us see red . 
  american here . 
  my great-grandmother was a cheese . 
  we were defeated in vietnam , but not iraq and afghanistan . 
  seriously , where do you get your news , nicole ? 
  we installed a new government in iraq . 
  what on god 's green earth are you talking about ? 
  `` we have worked with our allies in romania , but we have never worked abroad . '', 
  must be a proud moment for them , to demonstrate that romania will give as well as take . 
  no one wants to be seen as a second-class citizen , and here romania shows that they will not be . 
  there is a time and place for flowery language , but this is not it . 
  what , you 're not into cbt ? 
   people who would rather fuck a doll then a prostitute what if you 're married ? 
  fucking a sex doll is n't cheating . 
  that 's who the target consumer is .
