  in the electoral college , that means disregarding big population centers like la and nyc in favor of spending time in swing states . 
  had the system been popular vote , he would 've played the game differently, 
  `` what does the author want to be true ? '', 
  -- a useful rule of textual analysis, 
  she was probably right to . 
  imo , it 's not a matter of should/shouldn ` t. 
  we just do n't need one anymore , ergo there is n't one . 
  who would accept being led when you do n't need to go anywhere ? 
  that 's the one . 
  it 's super weird to hear from michael moore , but that 's the one . 
  lem me throw this into the discussion as well : http://www.cbsnews.com/news/commentary-the-unbearable-smugness-of-the-press-presidential-election-2016/, 
  eh , it 's been 8 years since german class . 
  i mean , we all know what the score is . 
  one country has military bases in the other . 
  we 'll have a close relationship whether she likes it or not . 
  sound and fury , signifying nothing . 
  if you say `` fuck you '' in a forest and no one is around to hear it , is it still a fuck-you ? 
  he does n't . 
  you have to remember , his audience is not you , it 's us . 
  those comments are made in the context of an american political narrative which has existed for a long time -- that we commit money , troops , etc on a level europe does not to an organization , nato , which primarily exists for europe 's benefit . 
  this might be fine on its own . 
  such are the burdens of superpowers . 
  but there is an additional perception that europe is * ungrateful . 
  * this feels like a betrayal , and betrayal is a strong emotion . 
  thus , trump puts out a message saying , maybe others need to reaffirm their commitment to nato . 
  i 'm not the guy 's biggest fan , but i can see the appeal of that particular sentiment . 
  so you admit it, 
  could vary , dunno . 
  some bars will check you at the door and do something to signify who 's under 21 and who 's not , like a bracelet or a mark on your hand . 
  one strip club i went to went so far as to force my friend to wear an xl white t-shirt that said `` i 'm under 21 '' over his normal attire . 
  i thought that was hilarious . 
  honestly , i have no idea . 
  they 're definitely allowed to sit at the bar in restaurant/bar combo places , but a `` pure '' bar ? 
  now that said , lots of places check ids at the door , but i believe that 's a way of mitigating the risk of serving alcohol to minors , not a legal rule in and of itself . 
  could be wrong . 
   kids are allowed into places that sell alcohol . 
  emerald ? 
  emerald ? 
  the story is good , but the pokes suck . 
  warm water ports tho, 
   which is considered offensive in us eh . 
  it is a known slur , but one * so * out of use that it would be comical to hear . 
  like `` kraut '' for germans . 
  nobody says that shit . 
  i have been confusing those . 
  * hangs head in shame *, 
  okay , but it 's not an economic * necessity * . 
  their food is paid for . 
  their housing is paid for . 
  stricter gun laws ? 
  they 've tried that . 
  strictest in the country . 
  hey , if you think you have solutions for gangland chicago , be my guest . 
  let 's hear it . 
  yeah , i never once participated in that . 
  do n't get the appeal . 
  i ca n't even tell what you 're saying , tbh . 
  seems like you 're using city to mean town ... ? 
  you 're not expected to tip baristas . 
  that 's just one crazy person being a bitch . 
  it 's like our thing !, 
  exactly , politeness . 
  well , you do n't say the * the * . 
  it 's just `` february 5th . '', 
  murder . . rate . 
  the rate is the per-person basis . 
  no , they 're all in my house . 
  i sleep on a pile of guns , then i come on the internet and lie about it . 
  no , your reading simply lacks nuance . 
  see my reply to him . 
  the word `` culture '' implies ubiquity . 
  if i have n't seen a gun in ten years , it 's hard to call it ubiquitous nationwide . 
  areas of poland are german-speaking , but you do n't live in a german culture , do you ? 
  and if you were to say it 's been a while since you had met someone who only spoke german , that would be significant , would it not ? 
  and would it not further be asshole behavior on the part of someone living thousands of miles away to dismiss your personal experiences on the topic because the wise , all-knowing internet told them differently ? 
  yes it would . 
  shut the fuck up . 
  i am stating my experiences , not claiming they are representative . 
  all i can tell you is , i 've never met those people . 
  obviously when you have more guns than people ( fact ) , you have to explain where they are . 
  but my guess is that it 's a situation where one dude who really likes hunting makes up for 20 people like me who 've never touched one or even seen one fired . 
  there 's no pc way to say this , but the `` gun culture '' folks are rural whites and the murderers and murder victims are urban blacks . 
  generalizing , obviously . 
  but blacks murder at 8x the rate whites do . 
  wiki it . 
  point being , the people doing the murdering are not the people touting the 2nd amendment . 
  not counting those on the hips of police officers , i have n't seen a gun in 10 years . 
  ( surely other people see them every day , but still . ), 
  i do n't quite understand what eurovision is . 
  seems like american idol but with countries or something . 
  oh , come on . 
  `` live and let live '' goes both ways . 
  ugh , reddit corrected that to `` 1 . '', 
  anyway , one thing i would say is , since you want to stay in one place , do n't feel compelled to spend all your time in big , big cities . 
  i really enjoyed my time checking out small towns in germany . 
  you do n't have to go to munich or berlin to see a 300-year-old church or eat really great food !, 
  and the best part , no lines . 
  do n't tell her i asked , but how old is your mom ? 
  do you want to pack each day full of activity , or do you want to just have one main thing per day , or what ? 
   never trust internet polls , no matter which site they are on .
