  he was completely ineffectual , at home and abroad . 
  this is coming from a guy who voted for him in 2008 , btw . 
  wtf i love czechia now, 
  first they came for the semis , and i did not speak out , because i was not a semi . 
  early candidate , most german post of the year . 
  `` organized '' puts it over the top . 
  http://dailyentertainmentnews.com/wpgo/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/roger-clinton-bill-clinton-8.jpg that 's the same face with different hair , man . 
  bill clinton gets a lot more pussy than roger clinton , who looks basically the same except shorter . 
  muspatch ? 
   when and why would that be georgia , crimea , ukraine so far . 
  who knows where else in the future . 
  why ? 
  because belgians do n't want to die for latvian sovereignty . 
   european integration became the biggest force on the continent . 
  european integration is your religion . 
   you know we did it thousands of years before your country even became a thing . 
  those . 
  people . 
  are . 
  dead . 
  you do not inherit their knowledge through your genes . 
  you wake the fuck up . 
  china might not need to be a full participant . 
  all they have to do is finance and/or manufacture , a la lend/lease , which they are more than capable of doing . 
  russia and china share a 4000-km border . 
  russia has the largest nuclear arsenal in the world . 
  despite this , you believe china would be more likely to ally with latvia or whoever the fuck is getting invaded ? 
  we has hung ee out to dry before , and they 'd do it again . 
  so would the u.s. , in a heartbeat , were it not for nato . 
  western euros talk shit about russia 's military capability on a level that is just unfathomable to me . 
  you know what russia knows how to do ? 
  run a war . 
  implement a top-down war strategy . 
  every german who had personal experience doing that is dead , and you guys act like it 's nbd . 
  you 're welcome to support it . 
  china . 
  i do n't know why i bother . 
  para 1 is pants-on-head retarded . 
  true , russia has economic woes , but their ally to the south is an economic powerhouse , and they 've been running joint military exercises together recently . 
  remember , too , that gross military spending does n't reflect the greater bang-for-buck that they get . 
  apples to apples , our hardware is way more expensive . 
  what is nato without the u.s. ? 
  it does n't imply that at all . 
  you 're just trying to frame the argument in a silly way . 
  we 're at historic lows of preparedness in many areas . 
  the navy is the smallest it has been since the 1920s . 
   the `` still '' in the title implies that something was lost which i can not perceive at all . 
  not trying to be a dick , but let 's be real . 
  most of europe relies heavily on america for defense . 
  when you think superpower , you do n't usually imagine a single other country has dozens of military bases there . 
  neither of those things used to be the case , so there 's your change . 
  hey , the more the merrier !, 
  but if you 've tried explaining baseball to a grown man , you know what i 'm talking about . 
  `` tagging up '' takes 5 minutes . 
   there has been no major issues integrating hindus or sikhs . 
  in some ways , they are ideal immigrants . 
  those who come to the u.s. tend either to be a ) university educated or b ) small business owners . 
  in the end , that 's all i really want . 
  you do n't have to like baseball , but if you could just contribute economically , that would be super duper . 
  they made it . 
   hate crimes against indians and sikhs this presents a very weird moral quandary . 
  if you try to educate people about the difference between muslims and sikhs , for example , in order to save the sikhs from undue grief , are you not , in effect , making things worse for muslims ? 
  let 's call russia non-european just for the sake of discussion . 
  does russia eclipse the us in terms of czech media attention ? 
  silence is a yes, 
  true or false : if you , h2ppyme , could wave a magic wand and teleport every last ethnic russian in estonia to siberia , you would do it . 
  pointed out or claimed ? 
  seems like a difficult thing to measure objectively . 
   this stereotype usually comes from america , where apparently it 's seen as gross to have teeth which are n't supernaturally white . 
  no no no no . 
  no no no no no no no . 
  you guys always do this . 
  to a man , on reddit , you always do this . 
  the stereotype , as i have always known it , is that britons have -- how to put this ? -- teeth in need of orthodontics . 
  see this still from [ family guy goes british ] ( http://static.tvfanatic.com/images/gallery/family-guy-goes-british_552x311.jpg ) . 
  whiteness is not only beside the point , but an instance of * you * stereotyping american teeth . 
  so , ha !, 
  if a fondness for tea is a first-tier stereotype , the teeth thing is like fifth-tier . 
  the amount of complaining that goes on is wholly disproportionate to the size of the thing itself . 
  we 're not all snickering behind your back about british teeth . 
  although i will say , bbc america 's continuous re-airing of `` britain 's worst teeth '' did n't help . 
  if it makes you feel any better , colorado feels your pain . 
  they even legalized at basically the same time as washington and oregon , but because colorado two weeks earlier , they are in the receiving end of 100.0 % of the weed jokes . 
   your edit i am totally , completely at a loss as to why you or anyone else would think that 's relevant . 
  i am going to give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you 're just scanning my comments in this thread and not really reading them . 
  you know what , fuck it . 
  i 'm not going to explain for a sixth time why it 's not relevant . 
  you 're a big boy . 
  you figure it out . 
   seem to for example, 
   they 're trying to tell you that school shootings are nowhere near as big a problem in europe as they are in the us . 
  why would i need to be told that ? 
  everybody knows that . 
  they were n't something we considered until columbine ( 1999 ) , and then we were doing drills very shortly after -- even though it was rare -- because parents were scared and they wanted to see some action . 
  this is the intellectual conceit you guys are making . 
  that everything everybody does is solely done for rational reasons . 
  terrorist attacks in france are rare , but they 're still doing drills in school , are n't they ? 
  all that aside , what does population matter ? 
  why did he bring up population ? 
  sure , it 's part of the equation for rate ( shooting deaths per capita ) , but why bring it up by itself ?
