  blamed him for the division of india and pakistan , said india could have been a great power without that . 
  then you have something in common with the president of the united states . 
  enjoy . 
  would be great if replies included a link to a google image search . 
  that worked out very , very well in a `` scenic town '' thread . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsch_ ( surname ) #people good amount of americans , some germans/swiss/austrians , various eastern europeans ( but not all , only some , but those some repeat a lot ) . 
  at least a couple german jews . 
  oldest example is a swiss from the 14-1500s . 
  only name i know i 've seen before is david deutsch the american physicist . 
  i am embarrassed to tell you , we also spell it deutch here . 
  you do n't have plain , old deutsch ? 
  there are americans named deutsch , so that would be odd . 
  done and done . 
   everywhere you go , people were there already . 
  there were people here too . 
  we fought them continuously for hundreds of years , and above you claim the us mentality derives from taming ... the land . 
  you got ta be kidding me . 
  if there is any one reason the us has guns in its dna , other than the 2nd amendment , it 's that we were surrounded by hostile indians for centuries . 
  at least when european countries are at peace , they are at peace . 
  we were never at peace , and you 're going to tell me in the next paragraph that some fucking guy with a beer bottle is emblematic of a greater european mentality that better understands how to ward off violent enemies . 
  i do n't think you 've thought this through . 
  or maybe you have , but the absurd history of america you guys tell over there prevents you from coming to any worthwhile conclusions . 
   your hobbes is not applicable here because it is not the man against a nature , it is a man against the man from three houses over evidently you have n't read hobbes , because that was exactly what he was saying . 
  man exists in a state of nature . 
  what is the state of nature ? 
  it is a place where wolves eat rabbits , and men kill other men . 
  that was the whole point . 
  in a state of nature , you must consistently sleep with one eye open . 
  you have no safety or security . 
   usa mentality does not include the possibility of real war . 
  real : fought on your own territory , with your own infrastructure and with your own civilian population as target . 
  if you bring this event up today , in 2017 , as a positive in the city of atlanta , you will get into a fight : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sherman%27s_march_to_the_sea  but this was the first modern warfare attack agains us civilian population and us politics went apeshit about it because the people 's sense of invulnerability was violated correct . 
   otoh , european countries are used to waging war and fighting terrorism europe also does n't have a sense of invulnerability to violate , because they were and are dependent on a foreign power for protection . 
   so from out point of view it is the main task of the government to make sure it ca n't happen , and `` caring '' about the citizens ( so they wo n't migrate away for example ) is a part of the package . 
  or , here 's another idea . 
  modern germany and modern france , the continent 's two most influential nations , were both born out of liberal traditions . 
  france , the revolution . 
  germany , bismarck and his welfare state . 
  since then , you 've simply continued on the same path , just as we have ( attempted to ) continue on our own founding tradition . 
   the government provides a safe , stable & rational environment i largely agree . 
  hobbes provides a persuasive argument on this point in the leviathan . 
  namely , without government , man exists in a state of nature ; a state of nature is unsafe and unstable ( although arguably rational , even hyper-rational ) . 
  but ...  the definition `` safe , stable & rational '' should be fixed in stone there is a problem with item # 3 . 
  it 's too subjective . 
  you can get people to agree that the overall environment is largely safe or unsafe , stable or unstable , but rational ? 
  one need only look to the fact that both capitalists and communists co-exist in the same society . 
  one 's idea of economic rationality is diametrically opposed to the other 's . 
  how to resolve this ? 
  at that point , the definition of caring is sufficiently expansive that to say it is the role of government to care for the people is not a meaningful statement . 
  take it from the opposite direction . 
  what is not the role of the government ? 
   the role of the government is to care about the people , why else it should be there ? 
  this is such a foreign mentality to me . 
  can you really think of nothing else ? 
  law and order , maybe ? 
  mnemonic device : nuns slap students with rulers for bad answers . 
  if you do n't want to get slapped , pick `` nun '' !, 
  my brother , 25 , made the same mistake recently . 
  it 's really quite odd how frequently native speakers get it wrong . 
  i remember getting it wrong in late high school . 
  your mind just * wants * to say pronounce ... iation . 
   pronounciations here is my contribution to the thread . 
  even native speakers do this , but it 's actually pro ** nun ** ciation . 
  `` most famous monarchy in the world by a wide margin hilariously associated with aristocracy . 
  more at 11 . '', 
  all knowledge is common , comrade . 
  do not letting the western pig dogs say you otherwise . 
  damn , you just ended this guy 's career . 
  i wonder what he said . 
  how xenophilic of you, 
   it was n't really accepted yet to say the least !, 
  online dating had to shed the `` weirdos and crazies only '' stereotype for a reason : it used to be weirdos and crazies only . 
  can i be the first to point out that there 's an outside chance some european girl totally made this up as a way of letting your boy down softly ? 
  you never saw bronson ? 
  good movie . 
  hellboy is an underrated movie . 
  i 'm not saying it 's `` omg amazing , '' but it gets grouped in with 3rd-tier superhero movies , which it totally does n't deserve . 
  hellboy * 2 * deserves it , but hellboy does not . 
  agreed 100 % . 
  if you make a function ` f ( x , y ) = x * y ` where ` x ` is how good the character is and ` y ` is how good the actor-character fit is , i do n't see any other actor-character pair touching waltz-landa . 
  like , michael corleone from the godfather is a character on that level , but with what level of certainty could you say * only * al pacino could have played him ? 
  not as high . 
  high , but not as high . 
  without christoph playing landa , basterds is still a fun movie , but is it still a great movie ? 
  i do n't know , i do n't know ... 
  really ? 
  by his interviews , you would never know . 
  he 's always making fun of the germans . 
  i liked him even better than le chiffre , who was also great . 
  that speech with the rats ? 
  was that all one continuous shot ? 
  i think it was . 
  either way , as an audience member , you 're like , `` who and/or what the fuck is this madman ? '', 
  i took that to be part of her character . 
  i.e. , shoshanna saw her family killed , so she was a little emotionally distant . 
  not saying you 're wrong . 
  maybe it was unintentional , and i just took it that way for some reason . 
  right , and therefore they participate in/clear the way for killing apostates , which is an action , not just an ideology . 
  what ideologically motivated actions do typical southerners take that you disapprove of ? 
  in my defense , i assume that you , for instance , care about income inequality , not that you rely on solely left-leaning media .
