   the original question was based on religion , not nationality of course , yet a nationality is a `` group of people , '' and if you are at war with the nation , then you have concerns about `` what a fraction of them do or support . '', 
  the point of the question was simply to discern whether there is something special about religious groups insofar as immigration is concerned . 
  thanks for your answer !, 
  dunno if true , but someone on the internet told me that a certain scandinavian country ( norway ? ), 
  asks certain immigrants/refugees to watch a 30-minute video involving things like gay male romance . 
  i assume they monitor the reactions in some way . 
  surely many christian iraqis would react just as negatively as their muslim counterparts . 
  nonetheless , the point is , a little creativity might go a long way . 
  let me push you on this for a second if you do n't mind . 
  are you * categorically * against country-specific immigration policies ? 
  suppose spain is allied with france in a war against north korea . 
  do you treat spaniards , frenchmen , and north koreans the same way when they get off planes in madrid ? 
  if not , how do you treat them ? 
  hmm . 
  i 'm not a doctor , but it sounds like the pirates have come down with a case of ` scope creep . ', 
   i 'm watching an episode of comedians in cars getting coffee , and when asked this question , christoph waltz brb, 
  that sounds like the most fun , as there is some challenge aspect to it . 
  i 've yet to actually receive a coke , however . 
  we do that but with jinx instead of smurf, 
  hypothetically , that 's a good question . 
  pragmatically , why do n't you just light your money on fire ? 
  because it will achieve just as much . 
   this kind of thing https://media.giphy.com/media/rhhr8d5mksx7o/giphy.gif, 
  i had no idea things were that bad . 
  how would you say it affects your outlook today ? 
  and the outlook of russians in general ? 
  not only that , the ` n ( ational ) ' in nhl refers to canada . 
  but for conversational purposes , i suppose it 's fine . 
  most of the teams are in the us , although canada has far , far more on a per capita basis . 
  well , it 's not really `` about '' genetics , per se . 
  genetics simply correlates . 
  i feel the need to point out that i 'm using the word ` genetics ' as a collective singular above , which is why i conjugated ` correlate ' the way i did . 
  ( when i 'm on this sub or / r/europe , i feel a strange obligation not to confuse or lead people astray in their learning of english . ), 
  that 's certainly decisive-sounding , but what policies are we talking about ? 
  what do you need us for ? 
  meaning ... 
  yeah , agreed on all points . 
  personally , i suspect it 's one of those words , like * colored * , that became ` offensive ' via association with a time of bigotry rather than by virtue of real offensive intent on the part of the user . 
  personally , i think it sounds cool . 
  sounds like the name of a mystical elf race . 
  you 're probably right . 
  we tend to think of course politicians will be very well-known , and they are , but not like ~ ~ superstar ~ ~ megastar athletes . 
  when i was a kid , it was michael jordan , not bill clinton , who was ranked as the most famous . 
  for one thing , athletes are at the top for longer . 
  jordan played from 1984 to 2003 . 
  clinton was president for 8 years . 
  that 's less time to build up fame . 
  that 's a good one . 
  iceland competes very well in various niche fitness competitions . 
  crossfit , world 's strongest man , etc. 
  we see that over here . 
  moreso crossfit lately . 
  he 's got that combination of being a world-changing individual and having an absolutely fantastic name . 
  i think the whole debate is silly . 
  he was the german chancellor . 
  of course he 's german . 
  what did it say on his passport ? 
  it said germany . 
  if you can only pick one side or the other , hitler is german . 
  he 's only austrian if you believe birthplace outweighs everything else about a person . 
  which is a defensible position , but nobody actually believes it . 
  i think he means seemingly commonplace political violence toward non-fringe groups . 
  you 're right , though , they do homeschool their kids . 
  here is where we get into the distinction between amish and mennonites/similar groups . 
  to be fair , we often use ` amish ' to cover all of them , because to us normal people they may as well be the same . 
  the amish are the strictest . 
  no electricity , no nothing . 
  mennonites live very similarly to the amish . 
  they do similar work , wear similar clothes , etc. 
  but they allow * a few * modern things here and there , like cars . 
  mennonites * love * to travel . 
  i assume it 's one of their primary forms of entertainment : get the family in the van , go road tripping to wherever . 
  point being , the mennonites * definitely * have ids . 
  and personally i bet some amish do , too , though they do n't need one to drive . 
  ----- if you ever have the chance -- and you probably wo n't , because they do n't live close to major tourist destinations -- go to an amish market . 
  the quality of the food and goods they produce is just beyond question . 
  ( they are also the nicest people on the planet earth , which i did n't expect . 
  thought they would be a little more reserved . ), 
  tractors are also disruptive , though . 
  you 're right , it could happen , but i would call it unfair . 
  o/t : defensible positions , imo : * there was never a lotfw , and there still is n't one . 
  * there was a lotfw during the cold war , and it was the us . 
  outside the cold war context , the term is meaningless , because there is no unfree world to defend against . 
  ( potential threats exist , yes , but not on that level . ), 
  * there was a lotfw during the cold war , and it was the us . 
  because the free world 's system of alliances and relative balance of power have not changed since the end of the cold war , the us is still the leader . 
  granted , the leader against what ? 
  yet the king is king in wartime and in peacetime . 
  ( i know ` king ' will not be well-received , but the metaphor requires it . ), 
  but germany ai n't the fucking lotfw . 
  most favored semi-powerful country at the moment , fine , but leader , no . 
  germany 's role at present does not in any way reflect the usa 's role during the cold war . 
  what would they get in trouble for ? 
  just out of curiosity , did your relatives pledge allegiance before or after scania became swedish ? 
  obviously they were loyal to the danish king beforehand , but i 'm thinking that if they pledged allegiance afterward , it was in open defiance of their new swedish overlords . 
   i 've got relatives in the 16th-17th century who swore allegiance to the danish king , even if that branch of my family tree lived in the same area for hundreds of years . 
  that is interesting !, 
  this is why i like genealogy so much . 
  you 're following the `` common man , '' but the common man is more interesting than we give him credit for being . 
  textbooks cover big names , big dates , etc. , but rarely ordinary people .
