  aha , i was wondering how they would navigate that . 
  makes sense . 
  on the one hand , you do n't want to give up the clout of winning big elections , but on the other , you do n't want to be seen submitting to what you view as an invalid authority . 
  thanks . 
  maybe a dumb question , but does sinn fein run for uk parliament seats ? 
  super creepy how black mirror 's pig episode came out four years prior . 
  like , what are the odds ? 
   dup : fuck sinn fein  sin fein : fuck dup lol who these guys, 
  what did we even fight the cold war for ? 
  [ me irl ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlrps5b5gbq ), 
   jenseits der stille we watched this in german class . 
  it must have been funny for frau engberg , watching a bunch of barely post-pubescent males try real hard not to bawl their eyes out . 
  the fundamental difference , as i see it , is that if things do n't go germany 's way , they can leave . 
  germany can exist as a state without the eu ; california does not have the same option . 
  a few states once tried to leave the union -- the scars remain to this day . 
  i 'm not saying germany goes around reminding people of that fact every time there is a vote . 
  only that ... it 's not a forgettable fact . 
  wow , took me a couple minutes to figure out what was going on here . 
  how did you come across this ? 
  that 's true . 
  but if they are unequal , it 's still not nearly in proportion to how `` important '' they are . 
  california and rhode island both have two votes in the senate . 
  senators from oregon do not fear reprisal if they do n't vote with california . 
  i would guess what i meant by political equality was that even though there are differences ( number of house reps ) , those differences are subject to revision by an agreed upon system . 
  there is no law , written or unwritten , that says wealthy states get to bully poor states or that the original 13 states are cooler or what have you . 
  that was my first thought as well . 
  i 'm sort of surprised how many people are willing to turn this into a big statement . 
  no , no . 
  europe is the world . 
  people in this sub need to get a sense of humor . 
  `` i dissociate myself from the above comment . '', 
  c'mon , that 's fucking hilarious . 
  do n't be so hard on them . 
  it 's inevitable that the uk would have a harder time than mainland europe resisting american influence , given the common language . 
  point taken , but what about adolphus !, 
  what a nice , clean website . 
  i think he means the guns . 
  i have n't seen a gun in maybe 10 years ( that was n't attached to a police officer ) . 
  have n't heard that one . 
  have heard germany 's canada , tho . 
  i doubt you would believe how much i 'm smiling at sentence # 1 . 
   fighting for your allies is fighting for your country , if you 're in a constellation of armies like a world wide nato or similar . 
   btw , according to your last paragraph the us with all its overseas activity must be mercenaries then on a high-level , you 're welcome to that perspective . 
  but people do n't * sign up * because they want to bring oil home . 
  emotionally , even for the kids who just want their college paid for , there 's some degree of patriotism in the act of signing on the dotted line . 
  you need to believe you 're not going to be abandoned . 
  a hypothetical nato army ca n't know that ; political alliances can be abandoned at the drop of a hat . 
  nb - there has been ample opportunity throughout history for such a coalition to occur . 
  people from different countries all joining up and wearing an arm patch that is n't their country 's flag . 
  where has that happened ? 
  where it has happened , how long did it last , and under what kind of pressure ? 
  the un comes close because the un does n't have any teeth . 
  all they do is draft resolutions and condemn things . 
  armed conflict is just one of those things you ca n't do impartially . 
  imagine if boxing or mma had 2 v 2 matches . 
  what would happen ? 
  team ab vs team cd . 
  a and b agree beforehand not to touch c if he does n't help d. d gets brutally murdered . 
  the end . 
  this does n't happen in basketball because there 's no finality to basketball . 
  it 's just a game . 
  but the moment c is risking life and limb , that dynamic emerges , and there 's nothing you can do to stop it . 
  you ca n't force c to fight for d . if he has a better chance of surviving by siding with a and b , there 's a good chance he will . 
  besides , there are only two reasons people fight in wars : for country and as mercenaries . 
  the un is not a country . 
  nato is not a country . 
  do you see a problem here ? 
   an equal world police that protect the members rights equally with no self interest ? 
  that 's not an option , even hypothetically . 
   now if it was germany under attack , i bet the reaction would be more swift because germany is a bigger interest and the threat would be more severe . 
  surely . 
  we are not altruistic . 
  however , when you defend germany , you defend lichtenstein as well . 
   usa was in nato back then too yet bosnia was not . 
  like you said , not directly comparable . 
  additionally , ethnic stuff is `` third rail '' here . 
  or was ...  but it took them 3 years to lift an actual finger . 
  help me to understand . 
  do you want a world police or not ? 
   the reason being that it 's a common belief that the bases are not there to protect europe from it self/russia - but they are there to protect us interests and intelligence what 's the practical difference ? 
  i do n't think it 's * mandatory * to keep peace . 
  war could break out if we stay ; peace could prevail if we leave . 
  it 's a question of risk/reward analysis . 
   when the rest of nato does not require a physical presence in the us i imagine this sort of `` if the shoe were on the other foot '' hypothetical sounds compelling to european ears , but i would ask you what the impetus for european bases on us soil would be in the first place . 
  the fact is , a ) russia is right there , and b ) us military expenditures account for 50 % of global military expenditures . 
  it should be plainly obvious why there are american bases in europe and not the other way around . 
  keep in mind , as well , that the primary thing perpetuating the mad dynamic necessary to our survival is the fleet of nuclear submarines patrolling every ocean on the planet . 
  those subs need somewhere to dock . 
  same goes for the aircraft carriers that ensure american air superiority across the globe . 
  there 's no sneak attacks coming your way or our way or taiwan 's way or korea 's way . 
  even headstrong russia must manufacture political reasons to enter its former territories ( here , considering russia to be a continuation of the ussr ) . 
  if you 'd like to press further , feel free . 
  i 'm familiar with the treaty , thanks . 
  http://militarybases.com/japan/ if you say so . 
  personally i think russia would do more damage than you 're admitting to . 
  `` speak softly but carry a big stick . '', 
  we were a fervently isolationist nation for a very long time , but europe kept erupting in war . 
  you say you can handle it yourselves , but why should we believe you ? 
  you have youtube videos on your side ; i have history . 
   do you also think that us troops were needed to win ww2 ?
