  that 's one of the best answers i 've ever gotten on reddit . 
  in the u.s. , we 've dealt with this phenomenon for most of our existence . 
  the important factors are a ) the size and speed of the immigrant stream , and b ) whether that stream settles into a location where people already live . 
  counterintuitively , it was groups like the germans and swedes who moved out west , away from the population centers , who * eventually * became better integrated . 
  it was the irish who took 100 years to effectively integrate . 
  unlike the germans who moved here for the promise of free farmland out west to anyone who would develop it for five years , the irish came to the u.s. , sectioned off quarters of ny , philly , and boston for themselves , and refused to integrate . 
  in time , they took control of local political machines and voted themselves benefits . 
  stop me if you 've heard this one . 
  edit . 
  the irish catholics also got into race riots with what we in america call the scots-irish ( who were originally neither , interestingly enough ) . 
  the latter were presbyterian inhabitants of northern ireland originally from the isle of britain . 
  it 's almost comical -- fight each other in the streets in 1700 ireland , oh and in 1850 america . 
  i do n't get it . 
  what do they base the estimates on ? 
  is it that there are certain criteria x , y , and z turkey needs to meet , and the estimaticians predict z will take 30 years ? 
  the great unintended consequence of autocorrect is that every once in a while , you get a glimpse into people 's lives . 
  just do french , man . 
  * you find it easier , * you have more experience with it , * it has more applications for you ( if the job thing never happens , you 've always got your dad out there ) , and * more opportunities to practice , which is critical in maintaining your skills long-term . 
  the guy writing this comment once memorized medieval german poems for class . 
  read whole novels . 
  now 27 , i have lost literally 99 % of my peak vocabulary . 
  `` use it or lose it '' is not a joke . 
   there 's a very weird relationship between france and russia . 
  please expound, 
  ukip does n't like us ? 
  question : is the muslim gymnasium private or public ? 
  ( public meaning state-owned and - operated . 
  i believe the brits use the words differently . ), 
   a legislative strikedown of state law meaning , what ? 
  congress passes a law saying states ca n't use the death penalty ? 
  they ca n't do that . 
  10th amendment . 
  `` how , then , do the feds exercise control over the states ? '', 
  money . 
  they pass a budget saying , e.g. , states can have a bajillion dollars to build interstate highways on the condition that the state 's drinking age is 21 . 
  everyone wants highway money , so the states with drinking ages of 18 or 19 change it to 21 . 
  this is a real example . 
  i do n't know much about soccer , but even i can note that the belgians have won all their matches outright , which not even the germans can say . 
  nonetheless , i will be pulling for wales because i like bale . 
  i still like belgium though . 
  i enjoy their style of play . 
  what happened today with the revote , and does it affect what you 've said above ? 
  serves him right . 
  why would you not move ? 
  what do you think is going to happen ? 
  overrated . 
  the best german film i have seen is the lives of others . 
  homely means ugly , fyi . 
  though google says it 's a north american thing . 
  yes , that 's a word, 
  that 's what makes it hilarious . 
  or would you prefer `` how many points is iceland going to win this shit by ? '', 
  trent dilfer won a sb, 
  that 's one of those films where , yeah it 's a good movie , but one time is enough . 
  requiem for a dream is another . 
  it will be okay , buddy . 
  just curious . 
  asian but not from asia , uses british spelling . 
  i should have guessed australian . 
  where are you from , op ? 
  agreed , that 's why i said `` to be fair . '', 
  my point is only that it 's not knowable at this juncture . 
  that said , it 's not outside the realm of possibility , especially long-term . 
  it is more palatable to suggest less radical changes -- so much so that you ca n't assume , e.g. , the scottish national party would not also like an end to the monarchy , just because they say they do n't . 
  let me make up some numbers . 
  there are 15 people in scotland . 
  * 7 want to be in the uk * 4 want independence and no monarchy * 4 want independence and yes monarchy it 's easy to see what you should do if you 're in the 2nd group . 
  `` let 's just talk independence . 
  nothing else is going to change . '', 
   the scottish national party had said that , if they were successful , scotland would ... to be fair , that 's proposing change 101 . 
  `` we just want this one thing , nothing else . '', 
  this is just one man 's view from thousands of miles away . 
  take it with a grain of salt . 
  imagine an `` imo '' in front of everything ... 
  the basis for union is not strong enough . 
  at present , you lack a catalyst event like we had in 1776 and 1812 . 
  no one is going to attack all of europe the way king george attacked all of the colonies/states . 
  without that common enemy , there is nothing to bring you together * with conviction . 
  * lacking an `` all for one and one for all '' mentality , the proposed confederation would continue to do what the eu has done . 
  when something goes bad , it 's this guy 's fault , that guy 's fault , and so on . 
  blame gets passed around . 
  how much togetherness can you really foster when the `` piigs '' acronym is as well-known as it is ? 
  americans crack jokes about regions of the country with economic woes , but they do n't * blame them * for anything . 
  there is no * resentment . 
  when congressmen from oregon vote this way or that way , they do not fear reprisal from california . 
  california does not threaten to leave if votes do n't go their way . 
  californians do not feel they are `` bailing out '' michigan . 
  if you have n't guessed , california is germany in this analogy . 
  no , the germans have not actively threatened to leave , but the possibility is always in the air , is it not ? 
  member states must appease the germans in ways they do n't appease the dutch , for example . 
  the above dynamic keeps germany from committing to an `` all for one and one for all '' mentality , lest they lose political sway . 
  and it keeps the smaller countries from committing , because they know the germans receive favoritism that they do not . 
  naturally , someone will come along and say , `` well , germany should just do what 's best for everyone . 
  that would solve the problem . '', 
  let me just say ahead of time : your naivete precludes you from participation in a discussion of international politics . 
  speaking of which , the eu flag as an option is stupid and should be done away with . 
  shut the fuck up . 
  op , i feel like there has to be something we can come up with for you . 
  allow me to throw some shit at the wall . 
  you tell me if anything sticks .
