   `` the intellectuals included in this group are known for their criticism of the spanish literary and educational establishments , which they saw as having characteristics of conformism , ignorance , and a lack of any true spirit '' . 
  wow , that would be perfectly apt to describe the u.s. today . 
  sjw-ism in particular . 
  their olympic team is called great britain , so that 's what i went with . 
  out of curiosity , how was the book ? 
  was it a good read ? 
   all the other germans here are putting forth ridiculously modern dates i was certainly surprised to see that . 
  other than yours , every german post so far has been later than the latest date i anticipated . 
  perhaps it was something in the way i phrased the title , but i would have expected someone to say , for example , `` i 'm comfortable using ` we ' to refer to the prussian empire , because my family lived in prussian territory throughout that period . '', 
  after all , germans and frenchmen still fight over `` charlemagne '' vs `` karl der gro\u00dfe . '', 
  surely there are groups of people in between good , old karl and 1871 whom germans today feel a strong enough connection with to say ` we ' , no ? 
  i have seen a pole on here playfully jab at germans over some war between the poles and the teutons . 
  you do n't have to `` claim '' the teutons just because the poles want something to jab at you about , but nonetheless , someone out there thinks he 's pressing your buttons by bringing it up . 
  it says * something . 
  * how much , i do n't know , but something . 
  having given it some additional thought , two things come to mind . 
  whenever this was a problem , it was a problem for the rest of the document . 
  you could n't just backspace and fix it . 
  it would try to give you 99 's no matter what . 
  to fix it , you had to save and re-open or copy/paste the text into a new doc . 
  so your last point may be partially true . 
  if not swedish , then there may be some trigger for 99 's regardless . 
  bringing in formatted text via copy/paste from professional articles on the internet often fucked things up . 
  if you were using straight quotes , and the text had directional quotes , word got confused . 
   what are you typing if word is `` often wrong '' ? 
  i 've never had that issue . 
  i 'm really stretching on my memory here , but i think the most frequent occurrence i recall was word using closing double quotes ( 99 's ) to open a quotation . 
  i do n't remember what situations would trigger that , but it definitely happened . 
  it might be cases where you are confusing the algorithm by editing your text on a kind of meta-level instead of straightforward typing . 
  also , single quotes . 
  you use the same character for an apostrophe , so if you have a case where a word ends in an apostrophe ( `` how you doin ' ? '' ), 
  but you 're using single quotes , then it may get confused . 
  it could also happen with something like `` 99 's '' where word does n't have that token saved in a dictionary of contractions to look out for . 
  again , though , the last time i used word with any frequency was 10 years ago , so a ) i could be misremembering and b ) word may have improved its algorithms . 
  very inventive of you !, 
  most search functions do n't take punctuation into account , but you have found a way around that to make your point . 
  well done . 
   something that seems to be exclusive to french : every punctuation sign formed with two symbols ( that is '' ; '' , '' : '' , '' ? 
  must be preceded by a ( non breaking ) space !, 
  wow . 
  mind = blown . 
  i hear that hair was very important to the vikings . 
  the eddas and sagas often indicate when someone has nice hair . 
  very important . 
  ( i have n't read them myself , obviously . 
  i 'm going off what a particular historian/linguist tells me . ), 
  http://data.grammarbook.com/blog/quotation-marks/internal-dialogue-italics-or-quotes/ read the comments . 
  there seems to be a lot of disagreement . 
  imo , if you are writing something with a lot of internal dialogue/thought/etc . , you should n't use italics . 
  italics should be a rarity . 
  i do n't recall having read a book with an enormous amount of italics . 
  the use of quotes to indicate internal dialogue , to me , is like providing a crutch to the reader . 
  i understand why people do it , but it 's really not proper form . 
  that 's my opinion . 
  if you read the link , you 'll see others have different opinions . 
  -- single quotes and double quotes are quasi-interchangeable ( someone is going to take issue with this statement -- read the next para first ) . 
  iirc , tolkein uses single quotes for speech in all of his books , but he 's an odd duck . 
  but you can do that . 
  point being , although we have conventions about single vs double quotes , like a strong preference for single quotes around single letters , we would n't go so far as to say , `` do x with single quotes . 
  you can never in a million years use double quotes . '', 
  so the rule you describe in your first sentence strikes me as off for that reason . 
  the thing is , the internet is degrading our grammar standards at a breathtaking pace . 
  you can easily find examples for any of the suggestions we 've discussed . 
  it would be harder to do with published books , although exceptions like mr. tolkein do exist . 
   `` 99 `` s huh , til of this name . 
  some technology body ( maybe iso ) recommends using 66 's / 99 's as a best practice , but i find this silly , because people are always going to gravitate toward the simplest option . 
  we would have to redo the keyboard to get people to use directional quotes . 
  do you know what i mean ? 
  so long as there is only one double-quote on an english keyboard , programmers are going to represent that character with the straight double-quote . 
  if they want to recommend against straight double-quotes , they need to do more than just recommend against it . 
  they need to provide a roadmap and get different organizations on board . 
  i think ms word actually does give you a directional quote based on some algorithm that guesses what you 're typing , but it 's often wrong and tedious to correct . 
  i have n't used word in a long time , though . 
  now here is a high quality post !, 
  what does french use for internal thoughts ? 
  technically , in english , you are supposed to use omit the quotation marks but do everything else the same , e.g. 
  :  mark thought to himself , why me ? 
  i think many people just put the quotation marks in anyway , though . 
  well , it 's dying a little bit . 
  i notice more and more americans using the british style . 
  personally , i blame two things : a ) the internet and b ) programming , where strings always end in a quotation mark before the next thing . 
  programmers writing blog posts universally place the period outside . 
  ` rapefugee ' is such a funny word . 
  like most political portmanteaus , it 's just absolute shit wordplay . 
  it 's bad . 
  why is it in use ? 
  because politics . 
  in any other context , a portmanteau needs to sound good , but not politics . 
  but without the east , you would never have had angela merkel !, 
  do you really feel that strongly about it ? 
  it could n't have just been managed better ? 
  east and west germany should never have re-united , no matter what ? 
   the use of both exclamation marks and question marks at the beginning ( \u00bf \u00a1 ) and at the end ( !? ), 
  of a sentence i always thought that made a lot of sense . 
  i remember being a little kid , reading aloud from a text in class . 
  i still could n't read fast enough to know there was an exclamation mark at the end before i got there , so i had to just throw some extra oomph on the last word , rather than the whole sentence . 
   `` these ones '' . 
  open question for the forum : is american english the only dialect that usually places the period/comma/etc . 
  ** inside ** the quotation marks ? 
  if anyone else does , i have n't seen it .
