  i almost got into a fight in a high-level math class ( proofs ) in college , because it sounded like i was making fun of the solution offered by the guy before me . 
  in reality , i was sleep deprived , knew my answer was shit , and was trying to distract from it by being talkative . 
   there are two types of political efficacy : internal efficacy ( ** the belief that ** one can understand politics and therefore participate in politics ) and external efficacy ( that the government will respond to one 's demands ) . 
   insults others ' knowledge  misuses the word ` efficacy ', 
  i assure you , your foreign minister will not impact even a single vote . 
  ... and is an idiot, 
  dude , you just called yourself the roma then complained about being called poor, 
  now you 're getting it !, 
  it does n't . 
  it correlates to a four-letter word that rhymes with space . 
  which plays right into our narcissism . 
  win-win . 
  no , no that 's not right . 
  you need to lose 50 % of the syllables , not just spell the word wrong . 
  not everything needs donald duck in it , sweden, 
  human nature . 
  people unite fully only in the face of an external threat . 
  have n't you read ender 's game ? 
   and employing someone without european education can turn into a russian roulette game . 
  we run into this problem in the us when hiring indians . 
  it 's incredible how many applicants are # 1 or 2 in a class of 20,000 students . 
  can someone eli5 ? 
  i do n't understand the complaint . 
  the amazon kindle 's os is based off android , fyi . 
  and the kindle app store sucks dick ... 
  looks like british airways is doing the same thing http://www.reuters.com/article/turkey-security-flights-idusl1n1a1245, 
   ( mutual recognition agreements ) ohhhhhhh, 
  either way , they had more experience with english than , say , germans . 
  irish immigrants were notorious for race riots, 
  ah , that 's a good one . 
  that was my thought , but i ran in a different direction with it . 
  it 's a `` cheap '' theory , but bear with me . 
  in the us , our most violent european immigrant group , bar none , was the one that spoke the most english . 
  this is counterintuitive , no ? 
  given people 's emphasis on integration in these discussions . 
  but if immigrants , from the moment they arrive , can hear everything that everyone says about them , perhaps they are more likely to hear something they do n't like . 
  most violence today begins with words . 
  barfights , domestic violence , etc. 
  of course we should expect muslims in sweden to be better behaved on arrival . 
  quick question . 
  what percentage of muslims in sweden , germany , and france speak the local language ( at a high enough level to consume media ) ? 
  what are each of the islands in the pacific ? 
  we do n't use the word police to refer to federal law enforcement . 
  neither are the police . 
  the largest-scale thing police do is riot control , which they are notoriously ineffective at . 
  it does - but is this ordinary ? 
  and arguably more importantly , given the other , ongoing duties of police , can you afford to divert a huge percentage of them to deal with this ? 
  buy now on pay-per-view, 
  police : defense . 
  army : offense ? 
  ( i 'm just fucking with you . ), 
  you know , you could make a serious , academic argument that had they picked a large , northern city to be our capital , the south would have seceded long before 1860 . 
  the north/south political divide was a major fact of life . 
  to mitigate allegations of bias by building a new city ( thereby favoring no current city ) and to build it right on the line between north and south ( thereby favoring neither ) was a brilliant move . 
  does n't get enough credit , unfortunately , because it seems obvious in hindsight - but most good ideas do !, 
  believe it or not , the baseball team 's name does not derive from a nickname for new yorkers but from either northerners ( as opposed to southerners ) or americans , generally . 
  to back this up with precedent , the original name of their rival in was not the boston red sox but the boston americans . 
  mind = blown . 
  i thought they were just a bunch of retards , but i can understand if that 's the case . 
  ( like , what do you want us to say ? 
  statists ? 
  we kind of need word # 3 . ), 
   churches in the uk cash in on pokemon  of course , there 's now the fear that [ ... ] paedophiles will have their own hunting ground some jokes write themselves, 
  brexit caused switzerland to withdraw their application within days of the vote . 
  if you 're the eu , do you want this in the headlines for a ) a couple weeks or b ) a couple years ? 
  ultimately , the uk has leverage . 
  given that they can drag their feet until the end of time if they so please , making public demands on timeline could come back to bite you in the ass . 
  you can tell it 's german by how absurdly tame it is . 
  all were of the form `` if they think x is going to happen , they 've got another thing coming ! '', 
  i understand if they want to appear tough in the eyes of their constituents , but it seemed overly confrontational . 
  one might have been an eu person , actually . 
  male , german name with an umlaut ? 
  the others are escaping me . 
  i do not mean merkel . 
  her comments have n't been too pushy . 
  as a third party , i * do * get that impression . 
  two or three european heads of state have gone out of their way to appear `` tough on britain . '', 
  ( amending the phrase `` tough on crime . '' ), 
  common myth . 
  the actual work is done on the bus on the way to school . 
  it is always a lady , is n't it ? 
  you never see a male stenographer . 
  do n't hold your breath lol . 
  the situation is not desirable , but nobody is going to touch it . 
  the only real benefit would be increased tax revenue ( assuming the economy does n't collapse when fortune 500s lay off a quarter of the workforce ) . 
  in case you have n't noticed , we 're almost $ 20 trillion in the hole . 
  i suspect we do n't give a shit about increased tax revenue . 
  ( fuck if i know why we do n't , but we obviously do n't . ), 
  that 's true . 
  people were afraid jfk was going to take orders from the pope . 
  just as an aside , i would remind that ` catholic ' and ` irish ' were used interchangeably at times . 
  ( german , italian , and polish catholics disliked that , as well as the massively disproportionate representation the irish enjoyed in the clergy , relative to the number of people they were putting in the pews . ), 
  point being , it was n't a religious thing , per se . 
  religion was a marker for something else . 
  kind of similar to today 's muslim vs middle eastern . 
  when rush limbaugh complains about muslims , he does n't mean bangladeshis . 
  i believe so , but i do n't know as much about them . 
  definite ` yes ' in terms of landing in east coast cities and staying , being slow to integrate , and referencing their heritage . 
  the convenient thing about researching the irish is that there are pubic records on their stereotypical jobs ( police , fire , teaching , clergy ) . 
  you can confirm the stereotype in each case .
