  thank you for your thoughts . 
   russia today capitalization intentional ? 
  if i ever find myself in czechia , i 'm going to buy you a beer . 
   concert of great powers i am not familiar with this term . 
  is this like the concert of europe ? 
  if it 's ambiguous which one , then it effectively explains nothing !, 
   the eu flair communicates that his knowledge is extended over more than 1 nation . 
  does it ? 
  maybe he 's just a federalist . 
  nobody knows . 
  a poland flair communicates half of that . 
  an eu flair communicates none of it . 
  only works with one at a time, 
  he should have a poland flair ( or polish/german dual flair ) and make written clarification of his experiences where necessary . 
  the point of the flair is that it provides information . 
  would be nice . 
  eu flag guys are annoying . 
  you may as well not have a flair at all . 
  you 're probably right . 
  my goal , however , was simply to focus on geopolitics . 
  this being reddit , someone likely would have responded , `` you know , going to work , watching tv , etc. '', 
  without the clarification . 
  big picture , we do n't have a coherent ... anything . 
  outlook , objective , worldview . 
  political scientists 500 years from now will draw a sharp distinction between heads of state with term limits vs. without . 
  8 years is not long enough to address fundamental issues plaguing the nation . 
  we are a mess of various dynamics , the sum of which looks like intent but is n't . 
  imagine a `` force diagram '' from physics class . 
  it 's like that . 
  do you mind elaborating ? 
  what is the nature of putin 's influence ? 
  what does it look like ? 
  and further , what are your fears ? 
  just to back up what the dude in the linked comment is saying , we in german class noticed a great many german authors who fled to the us/uk/switzerland in the early '30s . 
  with each short story , you 'd see the dude 's bio , and a large percentage had `` 1931 - emigrated to london '' for example . 
  usually when people throw rocks at me , i do n't go back , so i just assumed . 
  what then is the bar for being a no-go , if not a place where people throw rocks at police ? 
  germany , how could you do such a thing !, 
  kath , you ca n't blame us . 
  our comedy is getting worse , too !, 
  how 's your mother , btw ? 
  say hi for me . 
  everybody kisses china 's ass . 
  no shame in that . 
  watch amelie to end a date night , your chances of getting laid increase 40 % . 
  if that 's really how it works there , then i am eager to attend . 
  it 's not how it works here . 
  tipping in a strip club is not really tipping . 
  it 's a euphemism . 
  you do not tip because the poor strippers would go hungry if you did n't . 
  you tip for the luxury of having tits pushed in your face , etc. 
  yeah , i 'm a little tired of societal-level explanations from people without the basis to know . 
  if you do n't tip strippers , just say you do n't tip strippers and leave it at that . 
  oh god , this old canard . 
  tipping in a strip joint is not like tipping in a diner , kid . 
  none small enough for tipping strippers , is the point . 
  lol you got ta be fucking kidding me, 
  there is no explaining the japanese, 
  you like tongue twisters ? 
  peter piper picked a peck of pickled peppers . 
  go on , you try !, 
  can i call you kath ? 
  say hi to your mother for me . 
  my favorite german word is doch . 
  i hesitate to say this , but people should know where they are getting their information from . 
  my impression of op based on several of his threads is that he 's like 15 , going through a rebellious streak , and smart enough to run bullshit by his peers without getting checked on it . 
  he makes very bold assertions , presented as fact , very few of which most adult americans would agree with . 
  i , personally , do n't agree with hardly anything he says -- and not in a `` different strokes for different folks '' kind of way . 
  as to the segregation question , for example : property taxes can vary greatly by municipality , which in turn segregates the rich , poor , and middle class geographically . 
  because different races perform differently economically , this has the effect of appearing like a racial divide as well . 
  just one reason of many you could potentially list . 
  yes . 
  twd was set in georgia ( mostly ) . 
  fear the walking dead is set in california/mexico . 
  each has characters and scenery , etc that feel authentic to the location . 
  there are no quarries anywhere near alexandria . 
  it 's just a discourse convention . 
  i 'm an atheist , but if i were ever elected president , i would still say `` god bless america , '' because that 's what you do . 
  that ` sa biga churcha !, 
  welcome to our world . 
  are you an ossi who wants to secede or a wessi who wants the east to secede ? 
  what does pogo mean here ? 
  the only pogo i 'm aware of is the pogo stick . 
  you need the http : / / , or it wo n't work . 
   you realize that many more people than you realize that seems like a difficult thing to realize , 
  lyne and manu have found that special kind of love . 
  that love where you say `` let 's get matching face tattoos '' and the other person is open to it . 
  properly , country music is a storytelling genre . 
  garth brooks songs like `` papa loved mama '' and `` callin ' baton rouge '' are prime examples . 
  there should be some narrative , however small . 
  unfortunately , modern country has largely moved away from this . 
  the twang is still there , but the heart and soul of the thing has been lost a little . 
  i need to hear this, 
  john denver . 
  died in a plane crash . 
  * country roads , take me home * * to the place , i belong ... *, 
  cool . 
  who do you like ? 
  this is all correct . 
  the scots-irish presbyterians and irish catholics engaged in a race riot or two once the catholics got here .
