  you do n't know the subtext . 
  you do n't know who exaggerates what or why . 
  you just do n't know . 
  why is that so hard to admit ? 
  i hate to complicate a matter of semantics ( lies - i love it ) even further , but ...  `` freedom of expression '' is a synonym of that broader definition . 
  not here . 
  here , foe is a way of saying fos + other things which could reasonably be construed as a form of expressing oneself but which are not literally speech , e.g. , spending money or burning flags . 
  you did n't . 
  i 'm joking , as if to say , `` if that 's your only objection ... '' ye olde reading comprehension retort grows more and more pass\u00e9 by the day , my man . 
  glad to know we 're in agreement on everything else . 
  possibly intentional ... 
  it 's difficult to explain to a german especially , but ` whom ' is 3/4 dead . 
  some style guides actually recommend that you use an incorrect ` who ' unless you absolutely need the clarity that ` whom ' would provide . 
  if i ca n't make a list of six or seven items , i 'm picking china . 
  we are the hegemon . 
  china is the only challenger . 
  when put in those terms , china is the biggest threat almost by definition . 
  russia is a loose cannon , though , and frankly , we have given them reason to feel slighted . 
  we could have done more to ease their transition from the soviet era , and instead we sort of danced on their grave . 
  not smart . 
  internally , our politics are fucking broken , but i still rank the above items first and second . 
   trumpist ultranationalism you boys on the left are going to run out of words one of these days . 
  `` the nazi party , lead by adolf hitler , was a hyper-super-mega-nationalist organization . '', 
  the same way euros know about race relations in america . 
  we do n't , but we 're going to talk shit anyway . 
  hmm . 
  it does n't hit the ear totally wrong , but it does n't sound hyper-natural either . 
  `` meet with '' sounds fine . 
  you are petty . 
  me , on the other hand , i could care less . 
   for now it seems it will get worse with time what will that mean in real terms ? 
  ( i.e. , beyond nasty words back and forth . ), 
  dunno what you 're referring to . 
  can you use it in a sentence ? 
  okay , let me rephrase the question : what is the percentage chance you will live and die without seeing russia invade estonia ? 
  haha . 
  set sail and stick yourselves to the left of norway , i assume . 
  do you harbor any real fears of invasion ? 
  i 'm asking because i expect the answer to be no , not because i expect the answer to be yes . 
  but how strong of a no ? 
  honestly , it might be out of their hands . 
  who knows . 
  if you can fake a military coup , you can fake a vote . 
  i 'm not saying i actively believe that will be the case . 
  for all i know , turkish law mandates the world 's best anti-tampering protocols . 
  still , it 's been done before , and it will be done again . 
  this is easily true . 
  likely 95 % of `` would of `` s are native speakers . 
  you could make a long list of these items . 
  not that it matters necessarily , but was the pp accusing the psoe of hiding information that the psoe acquired after the psoe took power , or of hiding information that they had while the pp was in power ? 
  because obviously , the pp , in power , had more information than anyone else . 
  it 's crazy either way , but i hope you see what i 'm asking . 
  imo , erdogan is intentionally trying to rile you guys up . 
  he wants to ignite ethnic german/turkish violence within the borders of germany , so that he can sell the idea that `` turkey is under attack =  a dictator is needed . '', 
  really , you think it 's the native speakers ? 
  why would someone be proud of speaking a difficult language ? 
  seems more likely to be foreign speakers who think english is hard . 
  regardless , i do think people overrate their english ability . 
  if someone / r/europe or / r/askeurope uses the word ` since ' or ` until ' , there 's a 50/50 chance the overall sentence is wrong . 
  at least , that 's what it seems like . 
  maybe the errors simply stand out to me . 
  roger is also extremely humble and likeable . 
  he 's the kind of guy you want your son to be like . 
  czech republic has been shooting up the `` most american euros '' rankings this week . 
  what 's on hbo nordic ? 
  o/t : how often in the news do you see people holding signs like that ? 
  `` sharia for the netherlands , '' `` islam will conquer europe , '' etc. 
  the closest parallel i can think of here is people in the southwest holding signs saying , `` this is rightful mexican territory , yada yada . '', 
  it 's not very common . 
  once every few years . 
   pro-one is con the other and vice verse eh , i disagree . 
  this is social science , not math . 
   while nationalists are against people of the same race ( due to there own definition ) but from another nation . 
  that 's not precisely my understanding . 
  i do n't know if this is an english/german or me/you disagreement , though . 
  let 's take the op as an example . 
  the woman bans all turks . 
  the question is , is she a nationalist ? 
  i feel very confident that in the us , we would say `` insufficient information . '', 
  presumably , this facebook group allows members of virtually any nationality ... except turks . 
  i would not call that nationalism , by itself . 
  for the woman to be a nationalist , she would need to be an extreme chauvinist in favor of her own country . 
  a ) we do n't know this to be the case . 
  b ) presumably , she is treating persons from greece and the uk the same way she treats people from her own country * in the case of this facebook group . 
  * so to label her actions within the context of the facebook group as nationalistic simply does n't make sense . 
  it 's not how we use the word . 
  eh , when i was in germany , i only felt like i was getting a bad deal on a glass of coke . 
  the food itself was comparable size . 
  there are some restaurants in the us that give you truly enormous portions , but nobody makes meals for themselves at home of that size . 
  they 're just being bombastic . 
  yeah , but that 's why i would simply include it under a broader banner of racism . 
  because `` nationalism '' is * not * understood to mean `` discrimination due to nation . '', 
  `` nationalism '' is more pro-my nation ; `` racism '' is more anti-your race . 
  yeah , you ca n't get a nice meal here for $ 6-9 . 
  probably more like $ 15-20 . 
  $ 6 is about what you pay at mcdonald 's for a big mac + medium fry + coke . 
  this is the thing i 'm most jealous of europe for . 
  just imagining it makes my mouth water . 
  all that food ... just $ 9 ... 
  yes .
