  terrorism aimed at ordinary people is the only kind i know . 
  i wonder what the mood in the air was like at the time . 
  the article explains it . 
   maybe this puts the 2016 berlin attack in comparison i think it does . 
  i see what you mean . 
  this is a trivial comment on my part , given such a serious topic , but i thought you were older . 
  i was born in ' 88 . 
  i had you pegged for around 40 . 
   he was the only dead . 
  it 's striking how often this happens . 
  did the bomb go off ? 
  was it not very powerful ? 
  what happened ? 
  fair enough . 
  sorry if i 'm bringing up something you do n't want to think about . 
  a report was produced that included an analysis which pointed at russia . 
  the problem with this is the report itself . 
  there 's , like , nothing in it . 
  it has several pages of filler about russia influencing the media from a different document that was produced like four years ago . 
  russia , china , the us , and many others can get into your computer and get out without leaving a fingerprint . 
  not only that , they can make it look like somebody else did it . 
  that 's what security people say , anyway . 
  the idea of pointing to ip addresses in russia and claiming , therefore , that it was a kremlin-sponsored attack is borderline childish . 
  our intelligence agencies are seemingly in revolt right now . 
  i do n't know what the motives behind producing that report were , but it 's troubling that such a phony report would even make its way forward . 
  this is too far even for them . 
  yeah , i was n't commenting on the `` esp . 
  in germany . '', 
  if anything , though , i would just say on that point that ... that 's where our bases are . 
  these are n't pieces on a chess board . 
  it costs money if you want to move them somewhere else . 
  contact has been proven ( or , more precisely , admitted to ) . 
  involvement ? 
  depends on what you mean . 
  it 's a flexible yet ominous word . 
  dunno about that . 
  long-term , if you want a peaceful russia , you want a us presence in europe but not too close to russia . 
  if you get too close , you provoke them , like they provoked us with cuba . 
  massachusetts was a stronghold of the puritans . 
  that 's why i bring it up : because it does n't reflect the nation as a whole . 
  to be clear , i am not challenging that america is more religious than europe . 
  of course it is . 
  i am challenging the idea that a small enclave of puritans in the northeast of the country determined the nation 's religious and cultural attitudes all on their own . 
  [ look at this map religious groups in the late colonial period . 
  ] ( http://www.columbusglobesusa.com/wp/columbusblog/wp-content/uploads/sites/4/2016/04/religion-colonies.jpg ) new england is new england , everybody else is everybody else . 
  we 're all doing our own thing . 
  the most religious area in the us today is the south , followed by the rural middle of the country . 
  new england may actually be the least religious -- it 's either them or the west coast . 
  if you want an explanation as to america 's religiosity , looking to new england just does n't make sense . 
  the various puritan groups were small , closed communities , like modern day amish . 
  to attribute great cultural influence to them does n't make a ton of sense , no matter what you 're talking about . 
  here is my primary explanation : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_great_awakening secondarily , we did n't endure two world wars on our soil . 
  one can certainly imagine how those events would turn a man atheist . 
  third , state-sponsored religion . 
  as nationalism dies in europe , so too must the national church , i would assume . 
  our religious groups would not have had that problem . 
  fourth , we are a more rural country . 
  rural populations are always more religious than urban populations . 
  i do n't even know what your first two sentences are supposed to mean . 
  i have literally no idea . 
  i do n't have time to get into it , but the whole `` puritans in massachusetts =  21st century america is more religious than europe '' idea is and always has been silly . 
  i could understand if you were a small child with down 's syndrome , but chances are , you 're not . 
  seemingly everyone believes this . 
  i know prezi . 
  people used it in college as a powerpoint alternative . 
  never heard of logmein , though . 
  is that like lastpass ? 
  hmm , these guys are starting to sound like the miami hurricanes of the '80s - '90s . 
  sadly , i think no one will understand that comparison . 
  the bbc podcast gave the impression that they were not allowed to call themselves red bull . 
  german football said nein . 
  ( how should i say that sentence ? 
  `` bundesliga said nein '' ? ), 
  true , how ableist of me . 
   the uploader has not made this video available in your country why i oughtta !, 
  look , i 'm not here to criticize capitalism , sports , german football , or any combination of the three . 
  i 'm here to ask how * you * feel about rb leipzig , because rb leipzig is unusual to german football , not because it 's unusual to professional sport in general . 
  to answer your question , though , mls could be considered less serious for any number of reasons . 
  nfl , nba , and mlb are the # 1 leagues for their respective sports . 
  what do you suppose the mls is ? 
  -- where exactly capitalism inserts itself is different depending on the country/sport . 
  for example , soccer can only run tv ads during halftime , so , naturally , they need to make up for that with corporate logos on jerseys , which is not something you see in the nfl/nba/mlb . 
  then again , korean baseball teams are outright named after corporations the same way cycling teams are . 
  each group of fans has different `` standards '' of acceptable corporate influence based on what they are accustomed to . 
  that 's all . 
  mls is n't the most serious sports league . 
  many of our pro teams happily sell the naming rights to their stadiums , but i do n't think we 'll see an nfl/mlb/nba team actually name themselves after a company anytime soon . 
  for one thing , we do n't have a promotion/relegation system , so you ca n't just buy some cheap 5th-league team . 
  the most recently purchased nba team , for example , cost $ 2 billion . 
  that 's a little steep for advertising . 
  i can see that perspective . 
  you have to admit , though , the pretense of `` rasenballsport '' as a way to sneak `` rb '' into your name is pretty cheeky . 
  red bull 's founder , that crazy austrian guy , founded the team in 2007 . 
  they are currently # 2 in the bundesliga standings . 
  critics say the club is an affront to german football , that it is merely a vessel for the red bull brand . 
  and yet , they win . 
  which is even more insulting , i assume . 
  yeah , everyone in the western world knows the name gutenberg . 
  i have a hard time with the old german typefaces . 
  is that right ?
