  the idea , though it may not be as applicable in this case , is that the pollster gives the respondent the impression that he is using words x , y , and z in a certain way . 
  to give a ridiculous example just because it will more obviously demonstrate the concept : * do you keep up with the news ? 
  * did you see the news that satanists support the government taking austerity measures ? 
  * do you support the government taking austerity measures ? 
  not that gallup 's results are necessarily questionable unto themselves ( it is gallup after all ) , but i want to point something out here . 
  you say yec ; gallup says other things ; you use them as a proxy for yec . 
  * i 'm not saying you 're incorrect to equate the two in the abstract . 
  * nor do i claim to be able to explain what exactly is in people 's heads when they 're answering these questions . 
  but nothing asked on that page references the age of the earth . 
  and by gallup 's own poll , only 45 % claim to be `` very familiar '' with either ev . 
  or cr . 
  i think you have to ask , what exactly do the people in the other polls mean when they say , `` i believe x. '', 
  fringe vs not fringe does not ride on whether there is one of a thing or 2 + . 
  if there is one of a thing , chances are there can be two or eight or sixty . 
  if available , flip through the catalog of questions asked by the pollsters . 
  there are usually around 30 , and 25 exist to frame the wording of the other five . 
  son of a b. 
  there is a rule . 
  fyi , that 's not how you use `` here 's the thing . '', 
  the thing ca n't just be any point . 
  it needs to turn the debate on its head . 
  sally accuses johnny of eating her snickers bar . 
  but here 's the thing : johnny is allergic to peanuts . 
   between 40 and 50 % of americans believe in yec . 
  you ca n't trust our polling organizations with anything controversial . 
  my high school civics teacher , who had a master 's from harvard 's kennedy school of government , was a pollster for 10 years before teaching . 
  he quit , in his words , because it was `` too slimy . '', 
   have you seen questioning darwin ? 
  nope . 
  okay . 
  why is that `` the thing '' ? 
  what hangs on there being exactly one ? 
  call me when they succeed . 
  yeah , i considered spelling it correctly but did n't want to scare op with some crazy new letter . 
  long a ? 
  they would be pronounced differently ? 
  that 's news to me !, 
  interesting !, 
  i had no idea there were regional differences , but it makes sense in retrospect . 
  ( you 'll have to give me a minute on the song . 
  there are other people in the room watching stuff on tv . ), 
  can you give an example of a word with a sharper s ? 
  the funny thing is , each of your examples would n't hinder understanding too terribly . 
  i wonder if i was using the `` intelligibility '' of foreign speakers as a proxy for similarity in language sounds . 
  oh , it 's not passive . 
  german has a passive voice , and they use participles as well : `` es ist verstanden '' = = `` it is understood . '', 
  ( interesting sidenote : whereas english discourages the passive voice , german does not . 
  a prof of mine once said it has a certain aristocratic flair to it . ), 
  the conjugation does n't change . 
  `` an american am i. '', 
  still reflects the subject , regardless of order . 
  ambiguity can be resolved by inflected articles/adjectives , however : * the dog ate the cat =  der hund ass die katze . 
  * the cat ate the dog =  die katze ass ** den ** hund . 
  apart from that , the onus is on the speaker not to say something ambiguous . 
  audiobooks . 
  because it 's money and you do n't know if my opinion is worth anything . 
  you 're right , though , i should n't assume everyone is cool with torrenting . 
  you know , i was actually just assuming . 
  i only know english and german . 
  does dutch have a rolling r ? 
  german has a slight one , but nothing like spanish . 
  english does n't have it . 
  others will be more knowledgeable than i am , but i want to contribute a thing or two if i can . 
  i took german from 8th grade through three years of college and have the same podcast/audiobook interests you do . 
    as an english speaker , i can often see the common roots with german words when i read or hear german , but not to the point of being useful in any way . 
  although i have nothing to compare it to , i would guess it makes learning the language much easier . 
  this is a super nerdy analogy , but on math team in high school , we used to say , `` if you do n't know , guess zero . '', 
  when learning german , if you do n't know , take the english word and germanize the spelling . 
  direct . 
  director . 
  direktor . 
   is the relationship as a fellow germanic tongue obvious i certainly find dutch and swedish , for example , far more familiar-sounding than spanish and french . 
  i personally ca n't make the sounds required to speak the latter two . 
  and because i have a slight stutter , i 'm not inclined to try !, 
  beyond the aesthetics , you have language features that are characteristic of germanic languages . 
  you may 've covered this in the podcast already . 
  things like noun-compounding . 
  they do it more extensively , but we do it too . 
  but there are some interesting features to german which english has lost . 
  verbs always go in the second position , unless in a dependent clause , in which case they go last . 
  whether you put the subject and object first and third or third and first is up to you , depending on what you want to emphasize . 
  `` my homework ate my dog , because he faster than i is . '', 
  -- go torrenting for michael drout . 
  seriously a very entertaining guy , and he does n't read from a script , which is refreshing . 
  i do n't think podcasters/authors who record their own audiobooks realize how much the ear relies on proper conversational emphasis and pauses . 
  whenever they have a `` paragraph-sized idea , '' i find i need to back up and listen a second time . 
  so if you 're like me and you hate that , go find yourself some drout . 
  he 's got like 7 or 8 audiobooks at least tangentially relevant to this subject . 
  that reminds me of when i ordered pizza back when i had a muslim roommate . 
  ordered pepperoni . 
  turns out he usually gets a veggie pizza . 
  i slap my forehead . 
  should 've thought of that . 
  he 's confused . 
  i 'm confused that he 's confused . 
  he slowly just starts picking the pepperonis off one side of the pizza and putting them on the other . 
  `` there we go . '', 
  `` but wo n't the juices still be there ? '', 
  i ask . 
  `` oh , this is n't a religion thing .
