  it is a mistake to broach the topic of cheese among europeans . 
  you 'd think the dutch of all people would appreciate his skin coloration . 
  to stand on one 's toes as if to appear american , i assume . 
  you could do it in 15 hours . 
  just loop around new england . 
  you know there are more than three countries in north america , right ? 
  well , here 's the thing , though . 
  puerto ricans are american citizens and have freedom of movement . 
  if you are born in pr , you can move to ohio at any time you wish and vote for president in ohio if you live there , provided you 're 18 . 
  it 's almost more like a trait . 
  there are evangelical methodists and non-evangelical methodists , etc etc and so forth . 
  if the question is whether they exist solely under the protestant umbrella , then i would say basically yes . 
  there are no evangelical catholics or orthodox . 
  however ... the term ` evangelical ' is well-known for its use in politics . 
  while mormons are technically not protestant , they have a lot in common with evangelicals politically -- so much so that you may as well count mormons as evangelicals in political contexts . 
  you will never hear the sentence , `` evangelicals think x , but mormons think y '' on national television . 
   today , evangelicals are found across many protestant branches , as well as in various denominations not subsumed to a specific branch . 
  [ 3 ] not a branch . 
   oh please , not that shitty gop talking point again . 
  it 's not a logic . 
  it 's a historical precedent particular to german . 
  honestly , i am not usually an animal rights person , but i can understand the fishbowl thing . 
  a very small bowl is arguably akin to keeping a dog in a single room his entire life . 
  this is why i do n't like zoos . 
  * captivity is fine , * but the habitats are too small . 
  `` sex with mrs. 
  neighbor . '', 
  aaaaaha !, 
  why would i need an argument against it ? 
  as if to prove my point , i 've stated multiple times that i did n't disagree , and yet here you are . 
  wasting . 
  everyone 's . 
  time . 
  wikipedia usually covers , you know , facts . 
  he 's asking about feelings . 
  it 's like you 're going out of your way to find something to charge him with . 
  i can manage my time . 
  it 's just annoying to be peppered with questions you 've already answered . 
  is it not ? 
  do you not agree ? 
  surely you * would * had you not dug yourself in . 
  an ill-informed * question . 
  * cogitate on that phrase for a minute . 
  truthfully , i 'm more concerned with you wasting my time than your own . 
  i think you missed the precise meaning of that phrase , or are trying too hard to throw it back at me . 
  i address that further down . 
  you could 've saved yourself some typing by simply reading more of the thread . 
  no he 's not . 
  his primary goal is to send a message . 
  he admits as much downthread . 
  disagree ? 
  read my posts again . 
  i disagree about how stupid the question is , not what the answer is . 
  it 's not `` bs . '', 
  it 's just shorthand for what you 're saying . 
  the point is that mr danish guy assumed the question was dumber than it was . 
  if i 'm wrong , he 's welcome to say something . 
  but i do n't think i am . 
  the bit spring corrected him on , i do n't think that 's a mistake a german or austrian would make . 
  blah blah blah . 
  ideas like that , hundreds of years old , do not die instant deaths upon german unification . 
  england is many , many times older than germany . 
  not a good comparison . 
  just leave it for the relevant parties next time . 
  was it or was it not the case that the old standard was german speakers were german ? 
  am i right ? 
  oh , how * nice * of you to take the time out of your day . 
  trying to figure out what 's holding this forum back . 
  the austrians and germans answer the question in good faith and get < 10 upvotes . 
  you answer it like a limp dick loser and get 25 . 
  hmm . 
  we only use dreidel to mean the jewish one with the four sides . 
  i think he 's a euro who came to the dark side, 
  yeah , but then the question is boring . 
  regulation usually refers to a subset of laws , not all possible laws or governmental actions . 
  an aqueduct is not a regulation . 
  `` no orange bicycles after 9:00 '' is . 
  oh , sorry , i thought you were being facetious . 
  uhh . . you can learn about us ? 
  deal ? 
  sounds terrible . 
  cut that by 99 % and you 've got deal . 
  `` i blame uk '' - ireland . 
  much surprise . 
  very shock . 
  i suspect he means we could have done something diplomatically , not militarily . 
  to ask us to turn on the soviets militarily would be an unreasonable request by really any standard , assuming a basic knowledge of the facts . 
  much has been said on the topic . 
  why did the allies do it ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i do think a desire for redemption has driven the eastward expansion of nato , at least on some level . 
  2 years, 
  most years in the past , i would echo your first para , but my radio show did a little bit on it this week , so i 'm feeling more patriotic than usual . 
  a terrifying prospect to a few regulars on this board , we can be sure . 
  do n't forget australia !, 
  to be honest , i really only expected the anglosphere and france to care . 
  that only the normandy region within france would care , i am surprised to hear . 
   d-day is laughably overblown in a historical context we 're all aware of your opinions , tony . 
  except your opinion on how many militaries could sustain a minor , month-long campaign in libya . 
  :d sorry , i 'm in a playful mood today .
