  carry on . 
  google says `` mehmed '' ? 
  it 's funny the english way is so much shorter . 
  ragnar fits as well as anyone , imo . 
  he 's not just a famous character . 
  he sits at the center of a web of famous characters . 
  that puts you on arthur level . 
  good point, 
  this is a phenomenal entry . 
  yes , i 've heard that . 
  in fact , i think `` participated in '' is an understatement , no ? 
  there is some very important manuscript of stories that is french in origin , iirc . 
  perhaps more than one . 
  yes , that 's what i have in mind , but if you have a compelling figure outside of that area , feel free to throw him into the mix . 
  i intend to be vague in my meaning , such that you give the answer * you * feel is most justified . 
  that 's my hunch as well , but if we are a little flexible , it can still produce interesting answers . 
  i once heard some danish king referred to as their king arthur , though . 
  so we 'll see . 
  i forgot to ask for the story . 
  tell the story , please !, 
  upvoting for visibility . 
  people need to know . 
  william wisenheimer , doing his part do avert ww3 via pronoun choice . 
  then both sides are they/them , which creates ambiguity . 
  compare your former colonies with anyone else 's . 
  you exported civilization around the globe on a level no one else has done before or since . 
  unlike science and literature , this is was the achievement of not just a few individuals but the nation at large . 
  it must be said , though , you did fail in one area . 
  neither the us , nor canada , nor australia , nor new zealand , nor india likes soccer half as much as you do . 
  it 's at best the # 2 sport in any of those countries , usually lower . 
  why thank you !, 
  hmm . 
  i do n't suppose you have a guess as to what he means by four million , do you ? 
  at any rate , we have a saying here in the us : `` the further south you go , the more black people there are , and the more people who hate black people there are . '', 
  more opportunities for enmity . 
  by that i mean , is it really a fair comparison if churchill has spent a significant portion of his life overseas and roosevelt has not ? 
  kipling , too , is regarded as something of a racist , no ? 
  i think the one does not imply the other . 
  there were a lot more abolitionists in america than there were people saying race is only skin deep . 
  link ? 
  google is not turning anything up . 
   there are many anecdotes all over europe about american immigrants coming over and saying `` oh i 'm swedish/spanish/french / etc. . . 
  too ! '', 
  yeah , i 've been on this forum longer than two days . 
  i 'm well aware . 
  i do not , personally , do the `` i 'm x '' thing . 
  my ancestors have been here since the mayflower . 
  i 'm not defending my own practice . 
  i 'm saying europeans ( intentionally ? ), 
  misunderstand americans who do . 
  you know damn well they do n't believe they 're citizens . 
  be reasonable . 
  there is , but are they claiming that ? 
  if so , in what sense ? 
  do you think they falsely believe they have an irish passport ? 
  or is `` i 'm irish '' simply shorthand for `` i 'm of irish descent '' ? 
  sure , fine advice , though not many people `` who think europe is the greatest place on earth '' voted trump to begin with . 
  judging by `` presidential resume , '' the gop field the last three rounds has been historically weak . 
  actually , so has the democratic field . 
  i actually think he 's doing very well , if i allow myself to focus solely on actions taken . 
  the words that come out of his mouth are indefensible . 
   this does of course not only apply to people from the states i did n't take it that way . 
  i 'm simply remembering the bush years . 
  i agree , it 's a useful word . 
  that 's why i use it anyway when i 'm online , relying on the readers ' ability to infer that we ca n't possibly be talking about sexism . 
  a quick googling will inform them . 
  in person , i avoid it . 
   an `` irish-american '' is not irish ffs do n't just tell us . 
  tell the irish government , their ministry of state for diaspora affairs ( real thing ) , and their `` global irish '' policy . 
   if you voted trump you should n't mention it though i did n't , but i would if i had because i 'm not a gigantic pussy . 
  we have two parties . 
  every time the party closer to you is in power , you guys give us the thumbs-up no matter how shit he is , and vice versa . 
  i mean , really , the idea that an american should avoid voicing his support of the american president for fear of offending non-americans is simply beyond the pale . 
  it 's tantamount to saying you have more of a right to an opinion than we do . 
   chauvinism kinda dropped out of the debate lately since americans ca n't pronounce it lol . 
  the word just took on a strong connotation with sexism and stopped being used for other purposes . 
  you sound like one of the nurses in my upcoming erotic novella . 
  unless you plan to argue that greece should/will agree to be a constituent member of a federal eu in spite of a lack of trust , i fail to see the relevance . 
  shoot basketball 2 . 
  swish 3 . 
  `` kobe ! '', 
  kobe, 
  take greece for example . 
  do you think greece trusts brussels to act in greece 's best interest ? 
  and does the fact that greece retains power to issue traffic tickets alleviate those concerns ? 
  well , that 's what 's happening , but it 's us-china-russia . 
  that idea might trigger nicole , et al , who will claim the eu could beat up anybody , anytime . 
  leaving the veracity of that notion undiscussed , the above three powers have a military component to foreign policy that europe does not . 
  `` does that fact alone make the eu not a superpower ? '', 
  not technically , but for the purposes of threatening to `` gang up , '' yes . 
  possibly because you feel your government , however ineffective , can at least be said to have your interests in mind . 
  is that such a dumb thing to say ? 
  i was n't being serious . 
  i think lots of countries would unify with austria , and that you 're being silly . 
  it 's hard to imagine the last two unifying . 
  you 'd be asking the union of wealthy , popular kids to cut their gdp per capita in half in exchange for . . what ? 
  are you comparing merkel to thatcher ? 
  yeah , germany just picked the netherlands over you . 
  you , home to the single most historic german-speaking city . 
  that ca n't feel good .
