  you guys really are the us of europe . 
  or we 're the you of north america . 
  you know what i mean . 
  there 's no one-sentence explanation as to what happened . 
  trump broke a number of `` rules , '' but he ran a really smart campaign ( spent less than half of what she did and still won -- that ** never ** happens here ) . 
  clinton ran the most lackluster presidential campaign in recent memory . 
  she played `` not to lose , '' as they say in sports . 
  ( which almost inevitably results in losing , as i 'm sure you know . ), 
  this all happened in an environment where public trust of the media was/is at an all-time low . 
  critical thinking question : if voters hate the media , would you prefer that the media like you or dislike you ? 
  you 're right , it 's a momentous occurrence , but it 's not an atypical momentous occurrence . 
  presidents get to appoint justices . 
  that 's the deal . 
  that 's how it goes . 
  an upward trend in political violence , however , is an atypical occurrence . 
  he 's replacing scalia . 
  he 's not tipping the balance . 
  the next appointee will . 
  i get the impression you think i have an iq of 50 . 
  regardless , the point is , he 's not outside the norm . 
  he 's a scalia replacement . 
  the berkeley riots , however , are outside the norm . 
  sigh . 
  of course different people come to the same text with different interpretations ( for example , i can conceive of multiple interpretations for your second sentence , yet none make much sense ) . 
  there nonetheless exist different schools of thought on how `` creative '' you should get in interpreting the law . 
  google the phrase `` legislating from the bench . '', 
  i do n't even know what to say to that . 
  i 've been a supporter of textualism since i was a kid , and i 'm far from alone there . 
  the words on the paper have to mean something . 
  if you want them to mean something else , write a law . 
  as far as `` horrible shit , '' yeah . 
  the 90-day travel ban will rank pretty low on the list of bad things perpetrated by the us government -- no matter who writes the list . 
  we have n't seen organized violent mobs ( forgive the oxymoron ) of that size in a long time . 
  not since the race riots in the '60s i would guess , though i 've only been alive since ' 88 . 
  i can certainly say i 've seen nothing like it in my lifetime , yet the major media outlets are determined not to call a spade a spade . 
  between their coverage of ferguson and berkeley , it 's almost like they * want * insurrection . 
   mind if i bring some reality to your house ? 
  the price is 72 danish virgins . 
  that 's what i thought , but i was like , `` why the upvotes ? '', 
  what , like the us virgin islands ? 
  fuck the us virgin islands . 
  you can have 'em . 
  thank you . 
  uh-oh ... is the unassailable angela merkel suddenly vulnerable ? 
  desperate times call for desperate measures . 
  he literally thinks california is going to leave the us by the end of the year . 
  said that yesterday . 
  justices are not so partisan as that . 
  people keep track of the split because of abortion more than anything else . 
  do they have political leanings ? 
  different ways of interpreting the constitution ? 
  yes . 
  but you would n't go so far as to predict that they roll over if there is a democrat in the wh or put up a fight if there is a republican . 
   i wrote an answer so reposting your words hey , thanks for respecting my wishes . 
   lol you 're full of it . 
   `` wild capitalism '' is exactly what you described with lobby and corporations . 
  pick one . 
  i 'm either full of it or describing things exactly as they are . 
  hey , do n't come asking apple for taxes and expect to get away with it . 
  #ripsteve #neverforget, 
  oh , it was n't pure coincidence . 
  myspace 's interface was a total shitshow . 
  fb was very clean . 
  yeah , but communism was supposed to do a lot of things ... 
  one exception exists , though : south africa at 67 % . 
  then again , perhaps it 's notable that sa is the highest in africa . 
  good one !, 
  * godspeed * , too . 
  \\  implying republicans would move to europe seriously , though , there are plenty of rational gopers who simply align with the religious fundamentalists out of necessity . 
  to do that * successfully * , you have to pander a little . 
  e.g. , it 's not an accident that the last two gop presidential noms had an `` epiphany '' on abortion late in life . 
  that 's the capitol building , where congress is . 
  i can understand that . 
  when muslims say `` peace be upon him , '' it sounds creepy to me , but rationally i understand that it 's just a discourse convention , like anno domini after a year . 
  i have to thank you for that . 
  the new one is an aesthetic improvement . 
  what . 
  yeah , if merkel needs to take a selfie , she knows who to call . 
  think about the time in which the american founders were throwing around the phrase `` separation of church and state . '', 
  the idea was simply that the clergy were not going to be a political class like it had been in most of europe for a thousand years -- not that people who prayed 20 times a day were n't going to pray during public ceremonies . 
  if you find it , let me know !, 
  i 'm not familiar . 
  if i were betting , i would say either maryland or missouri . 
  missouri and kansas have bad blood to this day dating back to the civil war . 
  maryland , because it 's just strategic territory ; dc is surrounded by virginia on the one side and maryland on the other . 
  i do n't count them , because they formed during the war . 
  also , that 's just the way i learned it : four border states . 
  allegedly , if you say his name in parts of the south , you could get into a fight . 
  sherman was a brutal man exercising brutal methods . 
  seriously though , a border state in the context of the civil war was a slave state which did not secede . 
  iirc there were four : maryland , kentucky , missouri , and someone ... google says deleware . 
  fact : none of you . 
  sincerely , the great state of ohio, 
  did you just call us a fucking border state ? 
  go fuck yourself . 
   a key state for the union thank you . 
   lincoln would have struggled much more to prevent the south from seceding . 
  this part is true . 
  grant and sherman were both from ohio . 
  sherman burned atlanta to the ground .
