  lol . 
  i can think of multiple reasons that does n't make any sense . 
  your argument is that the word expansion does n't mean expansion . 
  good god . 
  take a lesson from this experience . 
  do n't pick a fight when you do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  reddit articles are not a substitute for the education in american civics you never received . 
  good day . 
  medicaid expansion . 
  and ss is n't wildly popular . 
  it 's a socially accepted fact that it 's dying . 
  the other two are more complicated . 
  ugh , i hate the word ` clearly ' . 
  `` my perception = fact . '', 
  that 's what that word means . 
  we 're not talking about the economy generally , though , are we ? 
  we 're talking specifically about healthcare . 
  right ? 
  right . 
  i 'm aware enough to know germany does n't have single payer like the uk and denmark . 
  correct ? 
  i think that 's correct . 
  regardless , surely you would agree that the generic european mindset is supportive of a welfare state . 
  probably thanks to your boy otto . 
  and the generic american mindset is less supportive . 
  and obamacare expands the welfare state . 
  do you have any serious quarrel with any of the claims in this paragraph , yes or no ? 
  more precisely , i 'm claiming that that is the perception among europeans . 
  europeans view the status quo ante as free market and the status quo as less so . 
  now that you know what i 'm actually saying , feel free to ask more questions or give a more informed critique . 
  enlighten me . 
  true , true . 
  sorry bro , trying my best, 
  please . 
  you can misrepresent what i 'm saying more convincingly than that . 
  the initial rates were lower for political reasons . 
  i do n't know when you left , but they got hiked . 
  read this . 
  scroll to the bottom and look at the `` related searches . '', 
  https://www.google.com/search?q=obamacare+deductible+2017 3 . 
  iowa will have zero insurers selling individual plans from 2018 onward . 
  they all got out . 
  yeah , that 's kind of the thing . 
  whatever is more similar to you is ipso facto better . 
  it is incomprehensible to europe that obamacare might actually be worse than what we had before , for example , just because it 's ideologically nearer yourselves . 
  first one is me karma whoring but also admitting the man 's flaws . 
  second one is me playing with the audience 's expectations/saying what i really think : 45  44 , despite those flaws . 
  i realize you euros disagree , but you think too highly of obama for me to care for your opinions anyway . 
  no offense !, 
  speaking in generalizations . 
  yeah , it was a rough eight years . 
  spanish is for ameripoors, 
  i could n't possibly comment, 
  oh god , irregular verbs in german were the bane of my existence . 
  in b4 i did nazi that coming, 
  actually , i might be misremembering . 
  it was either first or only . 
  either way , the power play idea is stupid . 
  well , not since ... you know . 
  the only foreign leader ever to address the german parliament in german thinks it 's a power play to get merkel to speak in russian . 
  sweet theory . 
  i 'm pooped . 
  not bulletproof ? 
  i suspect you do n't actually understand the things you 're reading . 
  do me a favor . 
  google * obamacare deductibles 2017 * and look at the related searches . 
  google how many healthcare providers are selling individual coverage in iowa . 
  google how many of obama 's years in office hit 3 % growth , and then google who the last president was to fail to hit that mark . 
  mika is on msnbc, 
   has decided facts do n't matter is there like a magazine called snarky opinion of the month that you guys all subscribe to ? 
  why do you all plagiarize each other * word for word * ? 
  how literal are you being ? 
  miller was the speechwriter . 
  i thought everyone had the same defaults !, 
  heavy load-bearing tower, 
  you erected a giant cement cylinder and named it `` heavy load-bearing body '' ? 
  that 's its name ? 
  let me guess , your dog 's name is schwarzhund . 
  actually , hitler 's dog 's name was blondie , was n't it . 
  hmm . 
  they lost to iceland . 
  is n't it about time you left them alone ? 
  \\ #justyaltathings, 
  probably at the time , but do you really think it would n't happen eventually ? 
  would n't it be a little disproportionate in terms of population after a while ? 
  who wants to be governed from a continent away anyway ? 
  the south did n't even want to be governed by the north . 
  heck , they might 've rebelled just to keep slavery . 
  i know what tinder in buchenwald would look like . 
  ( hey , if you like short hair ... ), 
  lol , i remember the news story that made me develop negative feelings toward the french . 
  something like , `` some french say americans should refuse to pay taxes that support iraq war . '', 
  i was like , `` you want us to go to jail for tax evasion ? 
  that 's easy to say from over there , frenchies . '', 
  now i question whether it was ever true . 
  you misunderstand . 
  we like france . 
  it 's the french we hate . 
  we tried . 
  how many europoors did we give you for three weeks of fighting against the japanese ?
