  i just do n't like pepperoni . '', 
  fwiw , i do n't recall having met anyone with those beliefs . 
  not saying they do n't exist . 
  somebody is running that `` creationism museum '' in kentucky , after all . 
  i would only note that , due to the chaotic nature of virality , the prevalence of a thing x on the internet can have a very weak correlation with x 's prevalence in real life . 
  never liked it either . 
  however , if it becomes prevalent enough that they additionally roll out the hershey 's cookies and cream bar , give it a shot . 
  are most of them polish ? 
  i thought most of them were german . 
  seinfeld , weinstein , what have you . 
   and yes , there is such a thing as jewish last names do people think otherwise ? 
  hmm . 
  ours are different . 
  i wonder why that is . 
  in military uniform , or no ? 
  disregarding the bad stuff . 
  let 's stay pleasant . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  there are two definitions of nationalism , the hitler one and the nation-state one . 
  which definition predominates depends on where you live , as the nation-state def is naturally more useful to europeans for reasons that do n't bear going into . 
  that 's not the problem . 
  nationalism is not the first word to have  1 sense . 
  the problem is , nationalism and patriotism form an obvious dichotomy . 
  in english , at least , there are no other words `` on the same axis , '' if you will . 
  no pun intended . 
  naturally , people define the constituents of an n-chotomy against each another . 
  nationalism ( 1 ) informs patriotism ( 1 ) ; nationalism ( 2 ) , patriotism ( 2 ) ( actually the other way around , as we 'll see later ) . 
  following things through , we end up with patriotism ( 1 ) sounding a hell of a lot like nationalism ( 2 ) . 
  : historically , we associate patriotism with 1776 , which * ( a ) predates the rise of the nation-state ( if there is a quarrel , the def of patriotism can be understood to supersede the def of nationalism on grounds of seniority . ), 
  * ( b ) is impossible to associate with `` loyalty to government . '', 
  ( there is indeed a quarrel . ), 
   first link i fucking lost it when he talked to the woman in the audience, 
   so restaurants make most of their profits with drinks funny story . 
  the family went to visit my grandfather in germany when we were kids . 
  being on vacation , we 're going out to eat all the time . 
  being american , we 're assuming refills are free . 
  eventually , our parents realize my brother and i are putting us in the poor house , so they tell us to stop ordering 2 - $ cokes that come in 8-oz glasses . 
  alright , we say . 
  let 's order milk . 
  `` milk ? 
  * '' after 3 minutes of looking perplexed as fuck , the waitress goes , `` ahh !, 
  okay ... '' we congratulate ourselves on breaking down cultural barriers . 
  the waitress returns with two big , huge [ latte cups ] ( http://previews.123rf.com/images/swellphotography/swellphotography1203/swellphotography120300037/12869436-studio-shot-latte-cup-with-hear-design--stock-photo-coffee-cup-coffe.jpg ) filled to the brim with warm cream . 
  i know . 
  depending on the meaning of ` significant ' and ` puritanism ' , i might debate that point as well . 
  how many does it take ? 
  off i go !, 
  i am and i 'm not . 
  i 'm playing coy in hopes of making a point , but it looks like we 'll never get there . 
  serious : the stronger hypothesis , looking for an explanatory difference , is that america was a former colony and its founding documents highlight the fear of the era : the oppression of a tyrannical government . 
  the flag of virginia depicts a woman standing on a fallen king , with the words `` sic semper tyrannus . '', 
  every student in every generation learns more about those documents than whatever literature you have in mind by a ratio of 1,000:1 , conservatively . 
  i can think of ... 
  the scarlet letter . 
  that 's all i got . 
  millions share your opinion . 
  millions of teenagers share your verbiage . 
  from what time ? 
  that no one reads it anymore is not a point in favor of this idea . 
  yeah , we all remember the great let 's be a theocracy campaign of ' 88 . 
  the sort of person who uses ` magically ' in reference to anything not involving wizards , but especially economic policy . 
    question : why are europeans less paranoid about the government in comparison to americans ? 
   in short , because countries here were n't founded on puritan principles what, 
  how many republicans under 40 have you met ? 
   because that may be what they pretend to represent , but it 's not what they practice . 
  okay , i 'm listening . 
   `` they want to do this , they want to do that ... '' * wants are n't practices . 
  * you sound like a walking clickbait headline . 
  * the very least you could do is accuse people of what they actually believe . 
  ( no , your predicted consequences of their beliefs do not count as their beliefs . ), 
  * `` in religion and politics people 's beliefs and convictions are in almost every case gotten at second-hand . '', 
  political expression , too , it seems . 
  down to the last adverb , you people all sound exactly the same . 
  you know , i could never get into the wire . 
  agreed on jj . 
  the star treks were pretty alright , but other than that , everything i 've seen from him has been shit . 
  why is he a name ? 
  i have literally no idea . 
  ender 's game was an absolute travesty . 
  worst adapted screenplay maybe ever . 
  is that an exaggeration ? 
  i do n't think it is . 
  well , except for the colonizing part . 
  at face value : colonialism is bad , europe . 
  realpolitik : practically speaking , we do n't have the resources to colonize central and south america . 
  so in lieu of formal political control , we will settle for playing the role of benevolent older brother who sometimes tells you what to do . 
   ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) fwiw , if you ever visit the us , you 'll be drowning in pussy just for being italian . 
   but also , like , most of your western states started out as colonies of the us . 
  territories . 
  just land claims . 
  nobody was like , `` let 's set up a federal expedition to colonize wyoming . '', 
   huh . 
  what do they think it was , if not colonialism ? 
  `` having a strong sphere of influence . '', 
   only half-joking . 
  wiki `` monroe doctrine . '', 
  it 's something every child in america learns about in school . 
   we had the three wise men here bringing the presents actually that makes way more sense, 
  usually i roll my eyes when americans apologize for x , y , and z , but here i do n't know what else to do . 
  sorry about the procedurals , buddy .
