  that 's how it works here . 
  the raw materials are in front of you . 
  make it happen . 
  ( the raw materials are in front of them , too . 
  inner city schools receive * more * funding than suburban schools , yet they score way , way lower on tests . 
  if someone wants to solve that seeming paradox , they are more than welcome to try , but it 's easier to just succeed for yourself , move to the suburbs , and put your kids in those schools . ), 
  in that sense , america is the land of dreams . 
  dreams usually stay dreams , but that 's how it goes . 
  not everybody gets to be an astronaut . 
  but if you want to be an astronaut , if you want to chase that dream , you can do it here . 
  europeans may find the above mindset revolting . 
  that 's fine . 
  they 're welcome to cover themselves in highest-average-glory . 
  fwiw , i follow a black american on youtube who lives in poland . 
  he loves the poles . 
  he even has a video titled , `` why i respect polish men . '', 
  i found his take on the question of race in poland to be interesting . 
  according to him ... * initially , people are n't friendly toward him ... until they find out he 's american , then they love him . 
  * a lot of black africans in poland pretend to be american , because the poles ca n't tell the difference as long as you speak english . 
  they do n't have a good ear for the accent . 
  * the experiences that led to the above conclusions have made him more patriotic , prouder to be an american . 
  yeah , if you have 999,990 euros , i 'll send you the last 10 . 
  thanks for the story . 
  i was 12 when 9/11 happened , so about the same age you were in ' 77 . 
  what 's interesting to me is that i do n't recall fear , per se . 
  i used to think that was because i was young , but if you felt an atmosphere of real terror at the age of 10 , then it must be something else . 
  edit . 
  very impressive , btw , that gsg9 could come such a long way in five years . 
  this is the sort of thing you ca n't just learn as you go . 
  for them to succeed the first time they were called upon must have inspired some pride , or some feeling that chaos has n't won -- the good guys are still in control , and we will turn the tide . 
  i read this late last night . 
  everything up through the aftermath section . 
  it was chilling . 
  my thought at the time was , `` so this is what happens when the terrorists are not incompetent . '', 
  things like breaking the windows to prevent a gas attack from being effective , and the penalty for killing/harming people in their group . 
  still , though , if they are sharp enough to plan that out , how are they not able to see that regions do not gain independence this way ? 
  they were never going to get what they wanted . 
  what did they think was going to happen ? 
  putin signs some document declaring chechnya independent , and everybody lives happily ever after ? 
  that said , this thread did not go as i expected . 
  once the replies started rolling in , i said , `` what have i done ... '', 
  my bad , buddy . 
  here we sometimes discuss what it was like from our perspective on 9/11 . 
  that 's what i meant by a replay of the day 's events -- `` the day '' meaning your day . 
   it just feels like playing their game to me . 
  my hope was for catharsis . 
  it helps human beings process things to speak about them with others who have experienced similar things . 
  switzerland has the most american outlook of any european country i am aware of . 
  * guns * isolationism ( okay , not anymore , but we used to be . 
  washington said not to get involved in the affairs of europe , and switzerland listened better than we did . ), 
  * money and shit . 
  i do n't know . 
  i respect you , switzerland . 
   are house parties `` open '' in the us ? 
  outside college , no . 
  in college , yeah , sometimes . 
  you can have a house party in an apartment . 
  the term is flexible . 
  yeah , that 's what i was going to say . 
  i read that last line about americans who speak slovenian as at least half-joking on mr. manske 's part . 
  one could compare this with the explosion of anime in the west , for example . 
  none of us are closer to being japanese . 
   the american public is very risk-averse when it comes to foreign movies . 
  you can broaden this to say movies in general . 
  the recent surge in sequels reflects a preference for familiar characters/storylines , which is risk-averse behavior . 
  how many tracksuits do you own !, 
  be honest !, 
  99 % of people talking about this think it 's proven . 
  i come in and say it 's not , which you know to be true , and i 'm childish . 
  okay . 
  one , everybody hacks everybody . 
  every time angela merkel breathed into her cell phone , over a period of * years * , we were listening . 
  two , the dnc ai n't the fucking government . 
  nobody talks about going to war over the yahoo breach , nor should they . 
  thanks for your comment . 
  i will be honest , it was that one i was thinking of when i asked for a `` replay . '', 
  it 's one of the ones that ... stands out . 
  all terrorist attacks are horrible , but some stand out for reasons that are hard to put your finger on . 
  the casualty count is n't the whole story , if you know what i mean . 
  aha , that makes sense . 
  after doing some math , it looks like my dad was 4\u00a01/2 when jfk died , but the way he tells the story , it 's like he remembers it clear as day . 
  he was in the car with his mom and his brothers , and the news came on the radio , and his mom pulled over to the side of the road and started sobbing . 
  to give a little texture to that , this is not a woman who was a jfk fangirl . 
  she believes to this day that nixon was framed . 
  the tapes were fake , yada yada . 
  i forgot why i started telling that story . 
  ah , i guess i thought you meant small , small child . 
  obviously , my guess of 40 was based on the fact that you 're a fountainhead of wisdom and experience . 
   google said this , i had never heard of this till now . 
  airport attacks on dec. 27th , when people are flying home from seeing their families for christmas . 
  how nice of them . 
   franz fuchs wow , that guy was fucking nuts even for a terrorist . 
  you know what 's weird ? 
  wehrsportgruppe hoffmann and karl-heinz hoffman only have wikipedia entries in three languages apiece . 
  de , ru , pl and de , ru , nl respectively . 
  a ) it 's weird that they are relatively unknown . 
  b ) it 's weird that russian would be the only language other than german with both articles available . 
  what do we make of that ? 
   what 's new , is that while for example the raf mostly aimed at elites , important persons or military targets . 
  i find that hard to imagine ( in the literal sense -- hard to see in my brain ) .
