  lol , so true . 
  it 's not just 4chan anymore either . 
  anybody can do it . 
   ` bailando ' of iglesias i love that song, 
  of course you do n't . 
  i 'm presenting navy seals as people who would feel safe anywhere . 
  like , this is insane . 
  we 're bringing up nationwide indices as if that matters . 
  people do n't visit millions of square miles of territory at once -- they go to specific places which may or may not be unsafe . 
  she wants to know where those are , and people are like , `` ugh , how dare you ? '', 
  there are safe and unsafe areas just about everywhere in the world ... except japan , of course . 
  what 's the harm in asking ? 
  she 's a 19yo girl , not a navy seal . 
  give her a break . 
  general american perception : the go-to place for skiing in europe . 
  because skiing is seen as an upper-class activity here , this gives you an additional perception of being moneyed . 
  personal perception : second biggest country in the german-speaking world . 
  despite this , vienna has a case for being more important than either berlin or munich . 
  tentative about moving there , not sure i could understand the accent ( the same would go for bavaria ) . 
  `` i 'll pull down your underwear . '', 
  oh , thank god . 
  was he a choir boy ? 
  but few individuals have had such a great impact as he did . 
  other people are trotting out napoleon -- and that 's fine , i agree with that . 
  yet napoleon 's name was used the way we use hitler 's today . 
  time passes , feelings change . 
  it would be unfair to give others political figures but confine the germans to art and science . 
  otto was a great man who did great things . 
  you eat it with a knife and fork , fyi . 
  after-aftermath : evil belgian megacorp owns budweiser now . 
  complain to them . 
  also , they 're renaming it `` america . '', 
  i am 100 % serious . 
  if you want more ammo , the most famous dane is a fictional character . 
  and while we 're here , the most famous ohioan was the first man on the moon . 
  i hope this thread does n't make it seem like i hate denmark . 
  i simply picked a country with fewer people than ohio . 
  wow . 
  king h\u00e5kon , i do n't know how to tell you this , but uh . . 
   the `` teletubbies '' show is in fact gay propaganda we had that one , too . 
  iirc , the purple one was male yet carried a purse and wore a pink tutu . 
  not always , just some of the time . 
  i would say denmark is relevant but its geography is perhaps not . 
  until i started taking german in 8th grade , i thought that area was germany . 
  togo is more populous than denmark is . 
   as i said in my first post , i 'm not asking you to care about ohio . 
  i 'm asking you to give people a break on learning geography that is n't relevant to them . 
  do you have a better idea of where togo is than where california is ? 
  what was on the tape ? 
  yeah , me either, 
  you 're also mormon . 
  enjoy . 
  true , but the double standard is a little ... unfair/hypocritical . 
  i 'm from ohio , which has 12 million people . 
  nobody cares about ohio , nor would i expect them to . 
  denmark has < 6 million people . 
  you see where i 'm going with this . 
  if americans do n't know where denmark is , it must be because they 're idiots , not because their feelings toward denmark mirror your own toward ohio . 
  bro , alabama 's flag . 
  google it . 
  i came here expecting to disagree with , like , anything you had to say . 
  i am a born contrarian . 
  but no , your knowledge of us states is truly impressive . 
  to add to your research triangle note , duke sometimes calls itself the `` harvard of the south . '', 
  since you have already rightly identified scandinavia as ne , this works perfectly , as estonia aspires to be scandinavian . 
  also , both scandinavia and ne are often referred to in the collective . 
  here in the us , i am skeptical of how they add up these numbers . 
  when i come across them , they appear to be `` net contributors '' year over year , yet the government spends the most money on people in old age . 
  if we 're discounting * future * social security benefits , medicare , etc , are they * really * net contributors ? 
  i have a hard time believing that . 
  for one thing , in the sense that we run a massive deficit every year , the whole country is net negative . 
  i understand if they want to say poor mexican immigrants do n't benefit from our naval bases in japan , but money is money . 
  eh , technically . 
  i find in myself , however , that disagreeing for the purpose of disagreement leads my overall thinking in different directions -- directions i otherwise would never have taken . 
  as i matured , i stopped disagreeing just to disagree , but i still label myself a contrarian because contrarianism is the engine to my thought processes . 
   the main reason why we need immigration in this country is to boost tax receipts and if we limit it too much we risk a massive public spending crisis in 20-30 years ' time surely the average immigrant is in the lowest tax bracket , no ? 
  do they really help on that front ? 
  i meant this specifically  living breathing disagremant meme, 
  we have a word for that : a contrarian . 
  not a big beer guy either . 
  i prefer mixed drinks . 
  hockey might be the best suited to spawn a truly global league , however . 
  imagine if the biggest 6-8 nhl franchises broke away and formed a new league with major european cities . 
  you 'd have matchups like the toronto maple leafs vs the moscow reds . 
  would be cool . 
  some people would debate you on that . 
  personally , i would just say do n't judge the style until you 've had one in chicago . 
  holy shit, 
  you did not just say that shit . 
  generally , one where eu states are strong collaborators but where sweden 's demographic makeup is not tied to greece 's border control . 
  part of maintaining a system like nhs is your ability to balance your finances . 
  if you ca n't decide how many people your country will absorb year by year , you lose the ability to do that . 
  i think the eu needs to decide what it wants to be . 
  different groups foist their hopes and dreams on the eu . 
  sometimes one group 's hopes and dreams are in conflict with another 's . 
  to be quite honest , i would have voted leave if i were a brit . 
  i think there is a version of the eu ~ all brits would love to be in , and this is n't it . 
  sovereignty , once given away , is not so easily regained . 
  is the juice worth the squeeze ? 
  i just wanted to be sure i understood you correctly .
