  at least say something believable like australians, 
   such an incredible change eh , some thing remain . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/5nwq7f/have_you_ever_seen_or_spoken_with_a_real_live/ german papers also accuse people of antisemitism kind of a lot ( i.e. , more often than is probably justifiable ) , mirroring our own accusations of racism from my perspective . 
  yeah , we 're just that trigger-happy . 
  what is turkey dictating to the eu ? 
  if they could dictate anything , membership would be first on the list . 
   for example against turkey ... by doing what ? 
  and besides , would n't erdogan just make good on his promise to flood the borders with refugees ? 
  i still do n't really , truly understand what happened with greece , but at this point i 'm afraid to ask . 
  people tend to give politicized answers anyway . 
   social-systhem meaning what , exactly ? 
  welfare , usw . 
  not as good as the lesser-known sequel , schindler 's fist, 
  * oh it 's already been buh-rought . 
  yeah , but i consider `` non-hispanic '' to be cheating . 
  if you include hispanic whites , it 's like low 70s . 
  i have a hard time going from 73 to 60 on the basis of a word that does n't come up in real life . 
  fun but of trivia for you , btw : thomas jefferson earnestly proposed that we at least consider making german the official language ( to further break from the english and be our own thing ) . 
  we ended up just not picking one , but there were enough germans here for that to be a serious idea . 
  he also wanted hengest and horsa ( the two brothers who led the angles/saxons/jutes in colonizing britain ) on the grand seal . 
  did n't get his way on that one either . 
  i 'm sure there is something there . 
  the question is only to what degree . 
  some 25 % of americans claim german heritage , the most of any one group ( though english is probably higher but underreported ) . 
  if you step back and realize white people are 70 % of the country , 25 % is really quite a lot . 
   germany 's backbone is the `` mittelstand '' i like that !, 
  i think germany and america are similar in this respect . 
  yes , we have some mega-corps , but we also , societally , have a respect for going into business for yourself . 
  to pick just one example of many , it seems like every little town has its own brewery in germany . 
  / r/cfb has had dual flair for years . 
  they have a separate website to handle the flair selection . 
  dunno if you want to commit on that level . 
  i certainly would n't . 
  we 're in the exact same situation ( except the dues are not as big ) . 
  ours is called social security . 
  like you said , it 's a pyramid scheme . 
  the one thing we do is raise the retirement age every few years . 
  that 's it . 
  yes . 
  he could be referring to the lifetime appointment aspect . 
  not sure . 
  it 's an odd comparison , legislative vs judicial . 
  personally , the gas stations threw me off . 
  i think i accidentally went to a motorcycle-only one once , and also you do n't pay at the pump , which was confusing . 
  all are interesting , but \\ # 2 particularly so . 
  is the russian party explicitly russian ? 
  like , do they have `` russian '' in the name , or is it an `` everybody knows '' situation ? 
  no kidding . 
  this is a goal of # 45 , however . 
  i think the sectres is supposed to be throwing his weight behind it where possible . 
  we kinda do , just not as a single entity . 
  we have laws x , y , and z. 
  very clever . 
   why 68 ? 
  is that the retirement age in iceland ? 
  how many ethnic russians do you guys have , exactly ? 
  how many are citizens , how many just live there ? 
   two point stance that 's not strictly necessary to have a third rail . 
  it 's not that the first two are the dem and rep stances . 
  it 's that the third rail of a train track is the one with electricity , and you die if you touch it . 
  arguably , a two-party system produces more third rails , but again , it 's not strictly necessary . 
  what 's the work codex ? 
   this graphic translation ? 
  i 'm convinced oprah gains the weight back on purpose , just to keep the `` struggle '' going . 
  irrelevant, 
  each have their own particular brand of immaturity . 
  this is the girlish sort . 
  it 's not , because the two actions arose from different prompts . 
  in your case , you want to mock a genuine question . 
  lowly behavior . 
  in my case , i want to highlight that lowly behavior so people feel comfortable asking questions . 
  it 's not just as bad . 
  it 's not the same thing at all . 
   if you do n't like it , downvote the bot comment and my post take your own advice next time . 
  `` omg guess what this person said . '', 
  not an adult activity . 
  i take it you have n't seen hot fuzz . 
  can we ban this thing ? 
  it 's so passive-aggressive . 
  if / u/bahnmi3 wants to act like a teenage girl , let him do it in privacy . 
  op does n't need to know about it . 
  * traffic collision, 
  of course you have to pick the uk , but if you could n't , i would pick the netherlands . 
  leg tattoos are trashy . 
  hand tattoos are trashy . 
  `` meaningful '' tattoos are trashy . 
  does n't make him wrong . 
  i am optimistic in both situations . 
  i think you could make the town drunk president , and the people around him would , via dialogue and debate , persuade him out of doing anything that rash . 
  ( the opposite is not the case , however : a president can be as passive as he wants . 
  china 's encroachment on the south china sea under obama was the largest territorial expansion since wwii , and we did nothing to stop it . ), 
  in the case of brexit , i do n't blame people like / u/garyjm for fearing the worst . 
  the talk of financial institutions moving out of london and to the continent is concerning . 
  that 's the uk 's strongest industry , bar none . 
  still , i think the uk has a stronger negotiating position that the press gives them credit for . 
  * in a way * , nigel is right . 
  europe needs the uk more than vice-versa the same way the midwestern us , where i 'm from , needs nyc more than vice-versa . 
  capital is the lifeblood of any economy , and nyc and london have the capital . 
  `` the financial industry will move to frankfurt , '' to me , is more of a sentence than an idea . 
  why do people scoff at farage 's notion ?
