  i just watched a movie on that last night . 
  forget what it was called . 
  i assume we 're referring to nazi marches through jewish neighborhoods , etc. 
  certainly , that 's one way to highlight differences between the american and european perspectives on what 's permissible . 
  however , i would argue that the * crux * ( or * kern * , if you like ) of the issue in the u.s. is [ `` clear and present danger . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clear_and_present_danger ), 
  in what sense is the american discussion `` about '' heckler 's veto ? 
  i do n't think anyone here would agree with that characterization . 
  no comments unless you share a song . 
  mine is amazing grace . 
  dc has a non-voting rep. 
  i think it 's actually been the same woman since the office was created . 
  just for the fuck of it , hardest call to easiest : 1 . 
  trump / clinton 3 . 
  bush / kerry 4 . 
  obama / mccain 5 . 
  obama / romney my money is on trump , fwiw . 
   i say we quit your eu and do our own thing . 
  this is an interesting thought into itself . 
  unfortunately , you have really soiled the well for discussion . 
  i agree with / u/cityred . 
  i see what you 're saying . 
  `` things have happened in the past . '', 
  but our history of , by analogy , slavery does not mean slavery might possibly make a return . 
  the fact is , legislation has been passed outlawing government-mandated segregation . 
  there 's no way you could approach it without the courts striking it down . 
  true , but is there a point at which perception feeds into reality ? 
  you have this situation all the time where some issue arises , right , and journalists go looking for quotes . 
  well , no one is asking the leader of cyprus what he thinks . 
  they want to know what merkel thinks . 
  berg means mountain ; burg is fort , like fort worth . 
  yes . 
  i went to one in germany . 
  it was bad . 
  do n't go . 
  have you asked mexico if they will pay for it ? 
  good one, 
  agreed 100 % on hor . 
  semi-planned/semi-conversational like dan carlin is the only way to do it , imo . 
  you ca n't just type it up and read it off , for a variety of reasons , each more obvious than the last . 
  nor , unless you 're a professional standup/etc . , can you ramble for an hour and keep people entertained . 
  but rambling  monotone any day of the week . 
  people do n't seem to realize how boring their writing is . 
  we do n't teach kids how to pack a punch in their words , and this is what we get for it . 
  boring podcasts !, 
  it 's all good . 
  i benefit from english , others benefit from french , etc. 
  right-wing nationalist parties see surge in support ( relative to their tiny fraction before ) . 
  uk votes to leave , primarily over immigration . 
  eu has arguably ineffective means of enforcing members ' compliance with free movement . 
  nothing changes ? 
   flair oh yeah ? 
  when was the last time your `` girlfriend '' left the basement ? 
  she 's hawkish in general . 
  that 's a good question , though . 
  we need to learn to live with russia , though . 
  it 's just hard because we 're diametrically opposed , culturally . 
  i remember talking to a guy in the state dept maybe 3-4 years ago ( guy paid me $ 20 for a single cigarette - make of that what you will ) . 
  he said that kerry went to moscow about something or other and totally pissed them off . 
  did n't show respect . 
  kept drunkenly repeating , `` when you go to the russians , you go with respect . '', 
  all i could think was , how did this happen ? 
  for decades , we used to study russian culture , etc just to understand them better , yet here we are letting the secstate make rookie mistakes . 
  how does that happen ? 
  according to my dad , a retired defense reporter , the us and russia 's greatest collaborations : * the soyuz * a proposal for un troops , which failed because the russians did n't show up . 
  point being , if putin accepts kerry 's proposal ( and follows through ) , it represents a radical shift from the status quo . 
  true game changer . 
  can a genuine military coup fail in 12 hours ? 
  -- rampant , unfounded conjecture : turkey 's position is guaranteed by the us . 
  the us benefits from turkey 's proximity to russia . 
  a change in us-russian relations could make turkey obsolete as an american ally . 
  well , yesterday it was announced that john kerry was going to moscow to propose cooperation in syria . 
  full cooperation , to the degree that we would be headquartered in the same location . 
  hearing this , erdogan saw the writing on the wall and made a move to reaffirm power . 
  ruin my joke , will you ? 
  i wo n't forget this, 
  `` stay on your own soil '' is n't a helpful principle in a territorial dispute -- marine territory especially . 
  ( get it ? 
  because it 's not land ? 
  you get it . ), 
  vape finds yet another way to shoehorn the us into a post , just because . 
  fyi , calling other people short does n't make you tall . 
  congratulations , you just served me my first `` not available in your country . '', 
  hymen =  broken . 
  vikings is irish produced . 
  that 's a good show . 
  i wish they would n't have killed off aethelstan , tho : /, 
  most normal looking one i could find . 
  in most his lips are twice that size, 
  ^ ^ shots ^ ^ fired, 
  you 've posted this comment like sixteen times . 
  so what ? 
  the fundamental problem remains . 
  everything you see is refracted through a lens . 
  someday , when i visit france , i will say zero negative things about france to the french . 
  it 's just rude , yo . 
  son of a bitch how did this happen, 
   o_o reddit is not my only source on us news irrelevant !, 
  you know damn well the news does not reflect reality . 
  there are certain stories they always report , certain stories they never report , and so on .
