  maybe , in this case , a textbook would have a map of danish allegiance encroaching on swedish territory . 
  but that does n't tell the story of the lives of the people who lived it . 
  it 's a big deal to swear allegiance . 
  you put your life on the line , potentially . 
  what led to the decision to swear allegiance ? 
  do you have any guesses ? 
   if he had went to the us it might have had to do with the american revolutionary war , but he did n't ... ha . 
  that 's what i was going to say . 
  see , that 's what i 'm talking about !, 
  that 's a great story . 
  i said the above because people on here sometimes say , `` why would i be interested in genealogy ? 
  my ancestors , going back 300 years , are all just farmers living in the same little area . '', 
  i can understand , if that 's the case . 
  fyi to euros , this is why genealogy is fun for those of us in the new world whose ancestors have been here a long time . 
  it 's no small thing to set out for a new life thousands of miles away . 
  in each and every case , there must be some impetus . 
  what was it ? 
  what made them do it ? 
  is the answer always interesting ? 
  no , but it often is . 
  good luck , op . 
  do you know anything about him ? 
  religion ? 
  what town he was born in ? 
  we have the same thing here with nfl and mlb teams . 
  pittsburgh steelers , milwaukee brewers , seattle mariners . 
  the green bay * packers * apparently got their start thanks to the local indian packing company , which ` packed ' meat into cans . 
  most are just animals though . 
  my old man was a journo when i was younger . 
  whole thing collapsed . 
  his newspaper conglomerate 's washington bureau had 35 people back in the '90s . 
  last he checked , which was probably 10 years ago , they had two . 
  two people . 
  now they might have zero , who knows . 
  now we 've got bloggers . 
  which is fine -- i 'm not * anti * - blogger -- but op-eds are not a substitute for , you know , * news . 
  * at the end of the day , you need somebody on the street calling up sources . 
  there 's a lot less of that being done today , and it 's a sad thing . 
  aha , okay , i now understand what is going on !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pasty_ ( disambiguation ) see bullet point # 2 . 
  i assume you mean pastries ... 
   not more than what is normal is this to say that your fear of russia is at the same level it was 5 years ago ? 
   finally have my own place for banter online . 
  full of fun things to do , playlists to listen to and games to play , it 's the perfect place to plan your week and have the craic ' !, 
  it 's gon na be crisptastic , spuds !, 
  get involved on snapchat ( mrtaytosnaps ) , twitter and instagram tatyo with the bantz, 
  i was going to say super mario hats before i saw you were italian . 
  now i just do n't know . 
  throw us in with the uk . 
  hugely popular over here . 
  even today , you can still recognize a volvo by the taillights alone . 
  wow , that 's a lot . 
  what is it ? 
  i also notice your diet coke can is different from [ ours ] ( http://www.coca-colaproductfacts.com/content/dam/productfacts/us/productdetails/productimages/dietcoke_12oz.png ) . 
  yours uses the regular coke script ; ours does not . 
  fair enough . 
  o/t : volvos have gotten much nicer looking in the last 5-10 years . 
  the '80s and '90s models were very boxy/rectangular . 
  you can still tell it 's a volvo when you see it , but today 's look is much more refined . 
   and a united eu would be stronger politically , economically and militarily than china . 
  i ca n't come close to sharing that opinion ( or the premise - that you could `` really '' unite ) . 
  30-40 years ago , people in china were worried about having enough food to eat . 
  their kids are worried about cell phone plans . 
  china 's leadership may be a bunch of cunty human rights violators , yada yada , but they 're smart . 
  they sit down and plan for the future in ways that open , democratic societies do not . 
   i was expecting at least a couple of far-right think-tank types to hold such views perhaps they do . 
  i wo n't speak for them , just the rest of us . 
  you flatter yourselves . 
  there is only one threat that people discuss : china . 
  nobody even throws around the phrase `` strong and united eu . '', 
  i 'm sorry to be so blunt , but i 'm really quite tired of this idea that the american public views the eu as an enemy . 
  this is fear-mongering . 
  fear-mongering with a side of narcissism . 
  * edit . 
  downvote away !, 
  does n't change the facts . 
  now that would be a good thread . 
  `` what brand is disproportionately popular in your country ? '', 
   `` lip service '' ( e.g. 
  the wall ) if it were lip service , they would n't be allocating funds for it . 
  lip service is `` just talk , '' hence the lip part . 
  this is all sound and fury . 
  from a third-party perspective , i have to say that i agree . 
  brits are treated a little unfairly in euro subs . 
  that said , i think many of you are a little too hung up on the `` not everybody '' aspect . 
  i would prefer to see you reject the use of leave/remain as a proxy for personal dislike/like of europe and its people . 
  i have a hard time believing 52 % of uk voters `` dislike '' europe , whatever that would mean , and it feels like the `` not everybody '' crowd is throwing their fellow countrymen under the bus by accepting that form of argument . 
  okay , i live in detroit and i agree with the guy . 
  ama . 
  or do n't . 
  stick to your preconceived notions . 
  aha , thank you . 
  this does answer for me why it 's called the ess-zet , however !, 
  for real ? 
  no one told me this . 
  i wish i could blame autocorrect , but that one was all me . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  are you serious ? 
  i 've never heard of a dispute over whether a thing was orange or pink . 
  florida is orange .
