  ( and did 9/11 ) . 
  i do n't think i need to explain the connection between taliban and al queda . 
  having saudi arabia , a well known al queda supporter ( not to mention human rights abuse ) as an ally does n't help either . 
  and again the us is to blame for the creation of isis . 
  they invaded iraq under false accusations of wmd and destabilized the country . 
  the downfall of the baas party in iraq created a power void ( since the iron grip of saddam hussein was gone ) . 
  also nearly 1/3 of all iraqis were associated with baas in some way . 
  those people became 3rd rate citizens after the fall . 
  a lot of ex-baas people are now part of isis or support them , because they do n't fit in the ` new iraq ' anymore . 
  and let 's not forget who supported syrian `` freedom fighters '' against assad in syria , accusing his government of using chemical weapons against the rebels . 
  who destabilized libya by getting rid of gaddafi ? 
  i think libyans and syrians were better off under their dictators than they are now . 
  at least they were allowed to have their heads attached to their spines . 
  usa consistently destabilized the region since the first gulf war . 
  there has to be demand for weapons so their weapons industry can keep producing more and more , right ? 
  zero , the treshold for coalitions is 8 % they had around 7.5 %, 
  of course not . 
  exactly the same way how you can not be racist towards white people . 
  it 's called reverse-racism . 
  educate yourself you white cisgender scum !, 
  no but you said that its justified to beat up random strangers on the streets because you dont like what your government is doing . 
  so they are justified to beat up an innocent guy because their government did something they didnt like ? 
  20 on 1 nonetheless . 
  your username suits you . 
  it doesnt matter . 
  they are pieces of shit all the same, 
  more likely brits married to poles trying to secure eu citizenship, 
  every one thats using continental law ? 
  im not sure , just a guess . 
  because hes american and nowadays those alt right shits seem to enjoy trying to set europe on fire, 
  niezalezna is not a credible source . 
  after he got reelected they reported it as `` great success of a german candidate '', 
  so on and so on, 
  surely us is the best country to live in . 
  until you have an accident/find out you have cancer and end up in debt for the rest of your life . 
  with horrible internet infrastructure , gun violence and school shootings . 
  us is a nice place to live in , but by no means its # 1 . 
  keep dreaming, 
  cant wait until theres polish presidental elections and altright shitstains will try to prop up this clown again, 
  he will be prime minister then . 
  cant trigger happy duerte just flush them out ? 
  mr pickleeeees, 
  and have 1000 radical muslims marching on the streets demanding sharia . 
  just sharia , like nazism is banned in germany . 
  problem solved, 
  it goes beyond mistakes . 
  people who facilitated the transformation got filthy rich at the expense of the state and the rest of the society . 
  kulczyk acquired in few years what most of bilionaire families in the west had to work for in decades . 
  they knew exactly what they were doing, 
  it goes beyond ideas . 
  violence this guy preaches is very real, 
  the fact that this guy is not in jail baffles me . 
  the ideology he promotes is in contradiction to european values and britain lets him poison young and troubled minds, 
  it only looks okay on the surface . 
  a lot of people are really poor and detached from society because the shock therapy was a sham . 
  what happened was what zizek calls privatization of profit and nationalization of loss . 
  state enterprises that were working very well were sold cheaply to `` appriopriate individuals '' while the state happily bought out failed enterprises from aformentioned individuals with a very high price . 
  now deceased kulczyk was one such individual who became a bilionaire due to personal connections . 
  now the same guy who fucked up polish transformation ( well it worked out for maybe 1/3 of population , the rest got shafted ) is being exported to ukraine ( mainly because nobody listens to him in poland anymore ) ukrainians will never forgive us this crime that is balcerowicz and nowak, 
  plates show country of origin, 
  neither are somalians , afghanis nor pakistanis . 
  finally , you get the point . 
  and no they 're not the same fishfingers , the ones in sk are worse quality and cost more . 
  if they were cheaper there would be absolutely no uproar . 
  if it was cheaper there would be no uproar . 
  the cee version is 1.4 $ and the german version is 0.99 $ . 
  this is not the only product that is lower quality and more expensive than its western counterpart, 
  i 'm sorry , this is not a valid excuse . 
  why would you hand out guarantees if you do n't want to fight ? 
  why would you ally yourself with a country that is being threatened if you do n't want to fight ? 
  in real world , if you make a decision you get to face the consequences . 
  poland allied itself with cowards that gave out false assurances and the consequence was total destruction and slaughter of citizens . 
  see , this is a prime example of fake news . 
  nobody is paying those people , they just cover the transport cost . 
  polish nationalists are not running the country . 
  i dont like pis too much but comparing them to polish nationalists is insulting . 
  they are statists pis does what they think is best and they actually have some intellectuals aboard . 
  ruch narodowy ( nationalists ) are a primitive dumb racist bunch . 
  they will never reach high popularity due to encroaching neonazi territory, 
  yes , because people from morocco , afghanistan are rightly classified as syrian refugees . 
  if you want to recognize all those people from the various countries from the middle east as `` refugees '' , you also have to recognize all ukrainians moving to poland as `` refugees '' . 
  no we 're not clear . 
  and i find it funny you call me a primitive . 
  children are not their parents ' belongings . 
  parents dont have a right to irreversibly damage their child . 
  i have no issue with circumcision as long as it is done on adults willing to do so . 
  newborn babies cant state their choice and they parents impose an irreversible choice on them . 
  its not reversible , and its proven that circumcision reduces sensitivity of your penis . 
  so do parents also should have a right to cut parts of their children ears then ? 
  if you 're a male then why do n't you get your dick cut ? 
  if you 're not a male then stop talking about shit you have no clue about . 
  primitives who practice fgm also do n't see this as damage . 
  nobody cares how anybody perceives it . 
  it is damage . 
  if you want to be circumcised go ahead . 
  but do n't force it on your child . 
  you permanently damage a child 's penis . 
  regardless , this is non reversible and parents force that decision on the child . 
  you want some people back , so you will enable parents to mutilate their children 's penises, 
  oh i think the 27 would agree .
