but you can own property , right ? 
  its still more capitalist than communist . 
  capitalist does n't have to mean free market, 
  please if you actually knew a thing about china you would know that their economy is capitalist just foreign investments are bit limited and theres less personal freedoms . 
  so is russia . 
  we do n't have to be anti-russian though . 
  mindlessly serving the west and being anti-russian just because we 'd be such a useful tool for uncle sam is no better than serving putin . 
  if pis is aws then po is uw . 
  and nowoczesna is also uw . 
  it 's just some new faces , but still the old uw people at the helm . 
   the polish government ( of president ignacy mo\u015bcicki ) and the high command ( of marshal edward rydz-\u015amig\u0142y ) left warsaw in the first days of the campaign and headed southeast , reaching lublin on 6 september . 
  from there , it moved on 9 september to kremenez , and on 13 september to zaleshiki on the romanian border . 
  and yeah most of the higher ups were pathethic cowards who just ran away while giving orders to defend till the last man to all below them . 
  this does n't change the fact , that the day soviets invaded polish state was still pretty much intact ( and at this point the orders were to retreat east and regroup but well , you know , soviets happened . 
  and the invasion was n't a reaction to the german attack , it was n't even a `` get as much as we can before germans claim it '' land grab . 
  ussr signed ribbentrop-molotov while the polish state was very much alive , and the intent of r-m secret protocol was very clear from the get-go . 
  as for the ad hominem : you opened your first post with `` as a historian '' yourself . 
  so if you 're an educated historian that spews such bullshit , then there is something very wrong either with you or your education . 
  i assumed it was something wrong with your education because you seem such a nice human being , 
  this is simply incorrect , warsaw was n't in german control until ~ 28th september , the soviets invaded 11 days before , on the 17th . 
  the polish state was very well intact at that point and some argue that if it was n't for soviet backstabbing and french cowardice this war would 've been over not so long after it began . 
  ussr attacked poland . 
  sorry for being blunt , but your belarussian/soviet ( depending how old you are right now ) education shows . 
  its a file format used by openoffice and similar programs . 
  openoffice is a free msoffice equivalent . 
  you can save documents in ms office formats using openoffice so theres no problem if you want to switch, 
  your points are of course very valid , though i was n't even thinking about buying property in the west , just renting is enough to survive i think . 
  i might 've come off as `` yeah life is shit , i ca n't even find a decent job and its definitely not my fault '' kind of guy , but i clearly did n't intend that . 
  on the other hand this little conversation of ours might 've explained someone what is the issue with eastern europe not liking the idea of having immigrants around too much . 
  there are too many people in poland ( which is considered the `` best of shit-tier europe '' anyway , in less fortunate countries it 's probably even worse ) living way below the western standard of living and the idea of having immigrants coming in and receiving welfare money just for coming ( which is rumoured to be even twice the amount of average pay among young polish workers , i personally do n't know how much is it ) feels very wrong , especially if those immigrants are forced upon us . 
  yeah now that you mentioned you work in it ( and i assume your brothers as well ) it explains a lot . 
  your salaries are way higher than most ` normal ' jobs ( and i think for a very good reason , no salt or jealousy intended ) . 
  i 'm speaking generally about my generations ' problems ( currently in my early 20s ) and not specifically about myself , since i am lucky enough to be able to get a lof of help from my parents . 
  i 'm not trying to make it look like we 're screwed from the start and nothing can be done about it . 
  there is a reason why poles emigrate en masse to western european countries like the uk . 
  you can easily get by and pay your bills while having a shitty ( by western standards ) job . 
  most of my friends who emigrated to the west can easily afford nearly 4 times as much as they could in poland ( taking different costs of lving into account of course ) . 
  decent life is doable , but it requires way more effort than it does in western europe . 
  and the original question was , why people do n't want to live in eastern europe in the first place . 
  3 times as much , but did you take inflation into account ? 
  i didnt look at any data , but , i think its possible that your salary was at roughly the same level as your brothers is now . 
  assuming its true , he is paid more or less the same as you were despite having higher qualifications . 
  i mean no offense , but since you entered the job market 13 years ago , i think you 're bit out if touch with the difficulties of entering the job market right now . 
  landing a decent job is n't easy nowadays ( by decent i mean a job that alows you to rent a flat , pay the bills and have enough money left to simply get by ) not everyone has the luxury of relying on his/hers parents ' help, 
  eastern europe is really fun if you were lucky enough to land a decent job or to be born in a wealthy family . 
  ( those 2 come together in nearly all cases ) getting by on your own is really hard if you 're about to enter the job market and dont have any backing . 
  the difference is , capitalism works when the goods are scarce . 
  and we 're moving towards post scarcity . 
  in few decades advanced 3d printers might be as common as microwave ovens are today . 
  and information is already anything but scarce . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/books/2015/jul/17/postcapitalism-end-of-capitalism-begun ) might be a decent read , i really enjoyed it , especially this part :  during and right after the second world war , economists viewed information simply as a `` public good '' . 
  the us government even decreed that no profit should be made out of patents , only from the production process itself . 
  then we began to understand intellectual property . 
  in 1962 , kenneth arrow , the guru of mainstream economics , said that in a free market economy the purpose of inventing things is to create intellectual property rights . 
  he noted : `` precisely to the extent that it is successful there is an underutilisation of information . ''  you can observe the truth of this in every e-business model ever constructed : monopolise and protect data , capture the free social data generated by user interaction , push commercial forces into areas of data production that were non-commercial before , mine the existing data for predictive value -- always and everywhere ensuring nobody but the corporation can utilise the results . 
   if we restate arrow 's principle in reverse , its revolutionary implications are obvious : if a free market economy plus intellectual property leads to the `` underutilisation of information '' , then an economy based on the full utilisation of information can not tolerate the free market or absolute intellectual property rights . 
  the business models of all our modern digital giants are designed to prevent the abundance of information . 
   yet information is abundant . 
  information goods are freely replicable . 
  once a thing is made , it can be copied/pasted infinitely . 
  a music track or the giant database you use to build an airliner has a production cost ; but its cost of reproduction falls towards zero . 
  therefore , if the normal price mechanism of capitalism prevails over time , its price will fall towards zero , too . 
  some people are just idiots . 
  i think you and your friend just had some bad luck and hang around assholes . 
  the sad part is , i could easily imagine such things happening but those primitive people behaving this way usually ca n't speak a sentence in english . 
  and i assume you two were erasmus students . 
  did you encounter similar behaviour from polish students ? 
  if yes , please tell where were you located . 
  i think this is actually why he decided to act in ukraine . 
  he 's afraid of the next maidan in moscow, 
  oh you mean he was unable to hold 100 % of his territory against a bunch of saudi sponsored and trained rebels while having usa trying to rally the whole world against him ? 
  this is only partly true . 
  the cost of day-to-day living is indeed lower , but every other good is as costly as it is in the western europe ( while the wages are laughably low ) . 
  a lot of people i know who moved from poland to the uk , france or germany to work can afford nearly 4 times as much ( this takes british prices and cost of living into account ) as they could in poland . 
  eastern europe is a really poor region , but again that 's why the recent immigrant wave avoids it like the plague . 
  the funny ( if you like dark humour ) part however , is that after the critical mass is achieved in germany , there wo n't be enough money for everyone and the well will run dry and rioting will start . 
  he 's absolutely irrelevant . 
  he tries to pretend he 's relevant though , but nobody takes him seriously anymore . 
  he transitioned from being `` so stupid that he 's funny '' to being simply cringeworthy . 
  organizations like isis dont grow on trees , nor do they appear ovenight in full strength . 
  iraqi branch of al queda absorbed some of the iraqi ex-military that disliked the ` new order ' that was estabilished in iraq after the war . 
  isis is n't just a band of thugs with an ideology like most of the modern terrorist groups . 
  they have trained commanders , they win battles against the new iraqi army ( that was supposedely trained and supplied by the us ) they couldnt operate against a state with a regular army in a ` fair ' conflict ( especially not with american soldiers present in iraq until ~ ' 12 ) so they had to wait for an opportunity which turned out to be the syrian civil war ( which was most likely set up by saudi and uae , the whole ` arab spring ' movement across middle east is fishy , feel free to laugh but this reeks of cia involvement , considering cia has a certain history of messing with foreign governments in various regions ) . 
  the problem was assad 's regime was n't going down like the saudis wanted so they called in their american allies ( or maybe the idea was american from the start and saudis were just playing their part ? 
  i have no idea ) and that stirred a lof the shit up . 
  this is the point the west started to notice what was happening in syria . 
  due to their involvement , isis absorbed a some of the rebel forces ( and turned on some ) , but in general finally had some broader support and fresh recruits with a cause . 
  then they invaded iraq and took a lot of territory . 
  ( likewise , i suggest checking the maps ) only at this point they announced their existence to the whole world and proclaimed themselves as the islamic state . 
  i 'm not saying the us government is directly responsible , but the current middle-east situation is the fallout of their middle eastern policy . 
  as for libya , the idea was indeed french , but the us took part and it fits their middle eastern policy . 
  gaddafi probably deserved what he got , but libyans could easily have a nice life under his rule , compared to the rest of the region . 
  and after the west created a power vacuum they did n't stick around to stabilize the region . 
  it 's not as bad as it is in syria , but it 's really close . 
   someone defending american foreign policy in eastern europe also tries to defend poland please , you fucked us over economically any chance you had in the recent 20 years . 
  you guys are clearly fair weather friends , and if you support american foreign policy regarding poland ( and i 'm not talking about the fucking visas , mind you ) you have no right to speak about solidarity at all . 
  i 'm sorry , but isis has everything to do with iraq . 
  they did n't appear out of nowhere . 
  americans are to blame for al queda . 
  back in the cold war days when ussr was invading afghanistan , usa was supporting the mujahedeen `` freedom fighters '' that later on became the taliban .
