haha , i just love it when you stupids no longer have arguments . 
  haha , this is just so low . 
  a baby girl was kidnapped from her parents and then kept to beg for money in horrible conditions . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  this is some serious shit . 
  oh , haha , yeah my english has its limitations , but considering the topic ... 
  i do n't find fatties appealing , i 'm sure some people do tho . 
  found the mistake, 
  one of my favorite countries , the only really big downside is their negativity . 
  * healthy feminism * they do n't like to deal with bullshit * very open-minded ( in the true sense of the word ) * prague , karlovy vary , cesky krumlov * fantastic nature and castles * best zoo i 've ever been to * if a girl is n't fat she 's usually very pretty * cuisine looks very simple ( german style ) but it 's fucking delicious edit : the and a, 
  i 'm not sprouting anything , do n't try to demonize me please . 
  the reasons are different for all countries , the simple fact is that homogenous countries are way more safer and successful on average , no one 's calling for some kind of immigration ban , but i firmly believe that ethnic majority should always stay a majority . 
  hey , i think i 'm not going to convince you that that 's not really the point . 
  i acknowledged my mistake in using `` removed '' rather than some other word combination . 
  but if your goal is now to undermine everything i say by showing what an evil person i am . 
  i think there 's no point in continuing ... 
  i 'm not sure how the voting works in italy , if she was elected specifically or just the party she 's in . 
  i just doubt that majority of italians would agree with her views and if they do she will stay in this position . 
   only an extremely malicious , dishonest mind would interpret my comment like that , especially in view of the context . 
  the irony . 
  no , i just wanted to use an extreme example to show you the fallacy in your logic . 
  there 's a difference between removed and `` removed '' but i 'm not going to argue about this anymore . 
  i acknowledge that `` removed '' leaves a little too much for the imagination , but otherwise it 's the same thing . 
  that 's not really the point , point is she might be extremely biased for specifically this function , and a high one for that . 
  that 's as if a minister was a nazi , which would be okay since he would have to convince other members of the parliament . 
  while `` removing '' might have been a bad phrasing , the context is n't really changed much . 
  it 's not about her being biased against * her own country * , she might actually think it might be the best thing for italy to get as many immigrants from africa as possible and not only that she might also believe `` as a true italian citizen '' that since italy is doing so well as a country ( globally ) it 's her duty to help as many people as possible, 
  something about ethnic swedes becoming minority in their own country would n't be a tragedy, 
  oh , it 's you , i remember you said that you would n't mind ethnic swedes completely `` removed '' from sweden maybe you have n't read my edit, 
  yeah , it seems extremely silly to have an immigrant from africa as an `` immigration '' minister . 
  ( banana throwing is ofcourse a horrible thing to do ) edit : by that i mean it 's extremely easy for her/him to be biased toward immigration policies in favor of immigrants rather than the country, 
  i think everyone knows this , it just became `` inappropriate '' to talk about this stuff in certain circles - not sure on whos agenda though . 
  well , i 'm germanic and i like holland better ^ ^ ^ sorry, 
  that 's absolutely irrelevant , slavic languages use different forms of `` niemcy '' because they could n't understand what you were saying . 
  that 's nonsense , there 's less and less christians in europe , that 's not an observation but a study and i have no idea what you call `` catholic revolution '' especially now after france approved of gay marriage . 
  golden dawn siding with orthodox church has nothing to do with christian youth radicalising . 
  it seems to me that you 're confusing basic radicalisation due to economical and other problems in europe no one wants to solve and religious radicalisation . 
  or you want to tell me that there 's more and more young people in orthodox countries who are praying and visiting their church all the time ? 
  nope , there are actually some studies about this . 
  and radicalizing youth is usually from second or third generation so no immigrants . 
  am i wrong then ? 
  same in english . 
   the term holland is also frequently used as a pars pro toto to refer to the whole of the country of the netherlands . 
  it 's quite scary actually , islam is like super unique in that - the most religious people are usually the young and it 's on the raise . 
  well yeah , sadly enough it 's the truth . 
  nazism as everything else is a reaction to changes in society , whatever happens in society in the future will be reaction to our inability to deal with problems realistically today . 
  europe is in a very diffucult position with this ( as with everything else ) . 
  on one side we have radicals that would like to wipe out every last gypsie or deport them and on the other side we have politically correct people that will do anything to brand anybody who tries to find a compromise as a racist . 
  inbetween is a quiet majority . 
  now , sort this out . 
  you know why there ever was a thing called `` lingua franca '' ? 
  greece , rome , arabian empire , france , england , us ... 
  funny stuff , i actually heard some straight russian girls say they would rather date russian women than men . 
   edit : that said , there 's also lots of great , smart russians well , i could also say that saudi arabians hate homosexuals and want them dead , i 'm not saying russians are like saudi arabians but it 's still a generalization . 
  in russia right now , russians are just so fucking hypocritical about homosexuality . 
  they hate gays , love lesbians - mostly not because of the religion , just some kind of overly masculine stupidity . 
  i was watching tv the other day to improve my russian and on some show ( survey of some sort ) they said exactly this when they were asked about homosexuals . 
  ' `` i hate gays because they 're disgusting animals , but i love lesbians because they 're small and stupid '' idiocy x 2 edit : that said , there 's also lots of great , smart russians, 
  it 's extremely interesting , since europe and areas around it were n't always as dark as they 're now . 
  i mean , even in the bible judas or esau are known to be gingers . 
  i think it 's quite possible that these areas became so dark with great migrations ( arabs , turks ... ), 
  they have some serious identity crisis . 
  sometimes when i read such news from uk it makes me wonder if politicians actually liked the 1984 world . 
  sorry i posted this before i 've gotten the upvotes + i use res . 
  and also please i was n't trying create any kind of circlejerk , it 's just that a survey on here showed that a huge majority of / r/europe are men so i just kind of assumed . 
  haha , this is so interesting for me to read . 
  you know i had been living 4 years in muslim countries due to my parents job . 
  and when i came back to europe , it was like another world to me . 
  seriously , christmas everyday = men not asking you to have sex with them ( and what 's your price ) all the time - this was new to me . 
  that is why i found european feminism extremely unrelatable and also extremely stupid . 
  women in europe have it so easy ( at the moment ) i thought . 
  but i guess it really depends . 
  i have n't been to england but according to statistics muslims there are quite radical and honor killings are on the rise - we 'll see i guess . 
  i upvoted you btw . 
  yes , that 's exactly it , if i never heard anything from boys around 15 yo ? 
  ofcourse i did . 
  i can only speak from my experience , so for example when i was in italy i heard stuff like `` you 're beautiful '' or `` i 'd like to buy you roses '' all the time , but that did n't make me feel bad , actually i just blushed and it made my day better . 
  i do n't consider this kind of thing to be harassment . 
  but from muslim men i hear stuff like `` i 'd like to fuck you in the a * s '' or `` my bed has your name on it '' and that just does n't feel good if you know what i mean and those people were usually 25 + sometimes with arms thicker than my legs which is some scary shit . 
  if you do n't mind me asking where do you live ( not specifically , just area ), 
  gosh , this really brings back some memories . 
  even better tldr : europe expects thousands of asylum seekers living together to integrate into a country they do n't even like, 
  i 'm really in awe of how these people deal with certain things . 
  i do n't like what islam says about-bigot bigot bigot - let me stop you right there you racist cunt !!, 
  honestly , i ca n't count how many times i was harassed by muslim men , unfortunately when i talk about it here i 'm just a racist . 
  edit : what i hate about reddit is that people downvoting me are men who will never know what it 's like . 
  why ? 
  i wo n't consider you to be european , yes . 
  okay , 
  well , since it 's controversial i 'm sure one source is enough ... 
  i do n't consider any muslim to be european , be it a blue eyes blond . 
  you know i actually see myself as an open-minded person , i do realize my opinions are n't perfect , because they simply ca n't be , we are discussing something which is based on how people feel about certain things . 
  there is no right or wrong here . 
  i think calling these people `` mentally troubled '' is very eurocentrist - they just follow their religion as they were brought to do . 
  this certainly can be almost any religion or ideology - but islam is definitely winning this race . 
  i 've never said milions of muslim did anything bad , just that they do n't fit my definition of european . 
  just because i do n't consider them european does n't mean i hate them  i do n't see europe as the pinnacle of everything . 
  oh , no no , this is a very controversial topic , try googling `` what it means to be european '' or `` definition of european '' . 
  i hate radical muslims because of their religion and what it makes them do . 
  then i guess being a bigot is n't all that bad right ?
