  or not really funny , just sad . 
  okay , finally someone stated our goal . 
  i can understand that . 
  i 'm sure some time ago there were only 4 minarets in france too , 
  i do n't consider turkey to be european but that is very irrelevant here since taksim square is in the western part of istanbul , therefore in the geographical europe . 
  reminds me of forrest gump . 
  already have , and not just once  ), 
  the bigger problem is not them having god , but their superiority complex . 
  everyone 's always shouting about how not every muslim is a terrorist , yea , okay , i think that 's pretty clear . 
  but how many of them think homosexuality is wrong - majority , and i do n't mean the muslim reddit liberal majority but the real one . 
  i 've once been slapped by a muslim because of my orientation . 
  i 'm just scared of what it might look like here in 20 years . 
  i ca n't read the whole article right now and i wo n't be voting before i do . 
  the problem here though is that we do n't have any example of this happening before in europe , atleast not in the modern times . 
  while the europe becoming more secural might be true right now , with increase of muslim population it might reverse . 
  it 's not in europe , but look at libanon . 
  80 % of my knowledge about ireland i have is from these guys http://www.youtube.com/user/epicnewsdaily, 
  a bad day for norwegian girls . 
  good to know , if i am ever to be gang raped in sweden my rapists are going to be severely punished by whole 100 hours of community service . 
  i know someone might think it 's too much but rape is no joke . 
  but seriously , i 've got cold sweat when i was reading this article . 
  damn it :p , i want to learn italian . 
  why did n't you guys have any good colonies ? 
  true , all you have to do now is pay him 500 $ and send him to germany . 
  this could 've ended very , very badly . 
  nice to hear . 
  in western society that is . 
  very interesting , you should consider doing ama . 
  not just racism , when there 's happiness there 's usually apathy . 
  go turkey !, 
  youth against radical islam , that 's how it should be . 
  joined the volunteers today . 
  we helped one guy with his house and just as we were about to be done water raised for like a meter in about 10 minutes . 
  and england is anglie , 
  are you serious ? 
  no one has ever said that muslims are a race , that 's something that people with negative opinions on islam are always trying to make other people understand . 
  the point is that refusing to acknowledge differences between people ( races ) is highly stupid . 
  just because we are different in some aspects does n't mean it makes us better or worse . 
  i 'm really sorry , what did they do to you ? 
  i ca n't imagine anyone with at least half of a brain upvoting this pc propagandistic bullshit . 
  but what if murdering people is part of their lifestyle , that 's just racist . 
  because pc and feelings . 
  i do n't agree with everything they say , but then again no parties people vote for can mirror their own opinions perfectly . 
  i 'm all for deportations of fanatics though . 
  edit : islam is not a race , btw . 
  please , i 'm neither racist or fascist , that 's a very rude accusation . 
  why is it so wrong of me to want to protect my heritage ? 
  i fail to see what 's so awesome or badass about this . 
  no one really won this war . 
  people freezing to death , hm . 
  and rightfully so, 
  just wow , i ca n't take my eyes off this photo . 
   you seem to be very committed to this . 
  i could say the very same thing about you . 
  i do n't care how you see it , racially charged is a word i do n't find important , it has no negative meaning for me , at least not in this case . 
  i understand you might be little biased since you 're from puerto rico . 
   no it 's not . 
  words have meanings . 
  sociology and history are n't things in which you can throw around terms from the heart . 
  when you say `` european people '' you use it an euphemism for white people . 
  and as i said million times before , just because turks conquered thrace this wo n't change . 
   i can just as easily say real americans are white , and it 'd make as much sense as what you 're doing . 
  i mean , you 're saying albania and kosovo are n't european countries because they 're not white ? 
  america is the land of immigrants and their nationality is not based on ethinicity so you can not . 
  i never said albania and kosovo are n't white , read it again . 
   holy shit , race is n't that important , dude . 
  culture is . 
  in this case race , culture , history are all important . 
  we do n't know if anybody is lying or not , that 's the point , to be cautious and not accept everything as the truth because it suits us . 
  because i do n't like how reddit sometime seems to think that lying is justified while against people they do n't like . 
   i hope that once in my lifetime we will overcome our differences we can do that without a giant , unneeded and unnatural centralised state . 
  few days ago a link was posted saying gd member yelled `` heil hitler '' . 
  turned out it was n't him but a member of some leftist party . 
  so maybe you should wait before raising your pitchforks even against those you hate . 
   these are not things set down by providence . 
  europeans were african before they were europeans . 
  south americans were european before they were south americans . 
  peoples are n't constant . 
  i do n't like using these extremes . 
  and even longer time before that we all were `` monkeys '' so what ? 
   ok , but that 's not a scientific system of classification . 
  that is absolutely irrelevant here . 
   i mean , if you want to talk about atrocities , europe is chock full of them . 
  germany almost committed complete genocide on the jews ; portugal transported slaves like they were cattle ; spain burnt alive people at the stake . 
   turkey and the ottomans do have a christian history , even if that history is pacifying the native population . 
  but let 's not even go that after ; the ottoman leader appointed the head of the orthodox church after the invasion because the ottomans saw themselves as the heirs of rome by right of conquest ( does the word r\u00fbm sound familiar ? ) . 
  attrocities commited either by europe or ottomans are not the case , it 's their connection to christianity . 
  just because they proclaimed themselfs to be heirs of rome does n't mean they were . 
  it 's incredibly silly to think that a muslim would ever be accepted by any christian as head of his church . 
   i mean , you 're already making exceptions but do n't make one for turkey ? 
  turkey is categorically denied the honor of being european , but cyprus and kosovo are ? 
  kosovo 's muslim you know . 
  perhaps a candidate for the eu in the future . 
  honestly , i do n't really see kosovo or alabania as european european . 
  but they 're white and have big christian populations . 
  turkey is not white , not christian and as i said just because they conquered thrace does n't mean they get to call themselfs european . 
   but you do have a point . 
  but you know what the largest turkish city is ? 
  surely we can at least agree that those turks that live in thrace and have lived there for centuries are european , no ? 
  does n't matter how big the population is .
