  that 's your opinion and i 'm fine with that . 
  as i said this is subjective and it 's my opinion that i 'm not going to share , sorry . 
  i once did and then received some very hateful pms and i 'm really not in the mood for that . 
  definition of `` european '' is very subjective , that 's why i said `` to me '' . 
  yes , non-muslim bosnians i find european . 
  are you an american ? 
  i noticed you guys love to use this term which seems very unnecessary to me . 
  firstly it 's nonsense to use it as negative when it comes to religion - something one can actually choose ( you can also choose to be a nazi or a fascist ) . 
  i really hate radical muslims ( their kind of islam ) - does that make me a bigot ? 
  oh please . 
  secondly what does it truly mean to be european ? 
  you must understand this can get very subjective . 
  most people agree on same basic stuff though . 
  please do !, 
  what do you mean ? 
  please , explain . 
  sorry guys , this will be very unpopular but as long as you 're muslim you 'll never be european to me . 
  would love to amoureux but i 'm having trouble with my german as it is :p, 
  this is a very controversial topic . 
  i 'm a girl actually :d but you 're right i find french accent incredibly sexy , sadly i do n't even know how to speak french properly ... 
  and it 's only 30k of people on the internet , most people in europe ( according to the newest statistics ) think that germans are extremely funny - here is the [ statistic ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqw4w9wgxcq ) . 
  being half french/half swedish i just do n't know how to feel about this map ... 
  yay !, 
  how making a neutral observation makes you a xenophobe , do n't just use words meaning of which you clearly do n't know . 
  if a town has a majority of somalis , afghanis and others not from europe i 'm calling it non-european as well . 
  and some parts of malm\u00f6 and brussels sure as hell are n't what one would consider european . 
  honestly , i firmly believe holocaust happened but imagine people 100 years from now looking back and asking why they banned denying holocaust if it 's such an undeniable truth . 
  i know an ukranian guy and i just visualised his expression if i 'd called ukranians `` mini russians '' . 
  `` he wrapped himself in quotations - as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of emperors . '' okay , i mean , since when do we need evidence , right ? 
  pc term for immigration ? 
  i found people to be quite hypocritical about this sort of thing . 
  what was the average reaction to [ this ] ( http://media.247sports.com/uploads/boards/205/22205/108621.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://graneyandthepig.files.wordpress.com/2009/11/michelleobamaracist.jpg ) it 's very touchy . 
  yes , of course brand them before they even say anything , that 's how it 's done in our society these days . 
  wow , seems extremely inaccurate even though there was still shogunate in japan . 
  i wonder if they had to take inspiration from medieval maps only . 
  thought so too , modernity everywhere is getting a bit boring lately ... 
  `` never argue with a fool ; onlookers may not be able to tell the difference . '', 
   that still leaves almost two thirds . 
  at the moment . 
   your swedish heritage seems about as threatened by darker-skinned neighbours as `` traditional marriage '' is by the gay version ... actually , not at all , do n't make stupid comparisons in order to gain liberal points , they make you look dumber , not smarter . 
  being gay is something that will never cease to exist , while my swedish heritage actually can . 
  i ca n't tell you everything , you know , 
  check yours , more than half a million are not white which means more than one third of all the immigrants + others which were born there with citizenship . 
  and of course their birth rates are a lot higher . 
   i do n't see why that would be a tragedy , anyway ...  i like my swedish heritage and i want to protect it . 
  turkish people say armenian genocide has n't happend , just an incident * along the way * . 
  have you ever read anything on stormfront ? 
  people there are fucking nuts . 
  and there 's not so many of them , you should probably accept the fact that being against mass immigration does n't make you nazi . 
  well , you had some pretty bad points there . 
  you 're calling those people `` stormfront downvoters ' brigade '' while telling them that accusing you of being `` anti-white racist '' lowers their credibility . 
  while infact you 're both on the same boat . 
  what he says seems a little ... how to put it ... less sophisticated , but still . 
  i would n't call it a `` genocide '' but white people are about to become a minority in sweden in decades to come if nothings done about the mass immigration . 
  this just in -  everyone is using social media to spread their propaganda . 
  you should join up the islamists then . 
  and you 're a left-wing asshole , someone 's a right-wing asshole . 
  we can never be liked by everyone , 
  try and guess , 
  stop getting so butthurt , it 's not like sweden does n't get loads of positive circlejerk anyways . 
  this is actually quite refreshing , 
  so true it hurts , except for the language :p, 
  world of warcraft, 
   hmmm , i 'm not too sure about this at all . 
  depends on your definition of liberals though . 
  as far as i can tell liberals in politics give both equalish treatment . 
  on reddit , people seem to hate on both , however the increased hate on islam by certain sections does in turn provoke a reaction . 
  the hate on islam is more akin to the anti-semitism of old too , of course . 
  almost more ethnic based than religious based , which is extremely troubling giving the rise of the far-right in europe . 
  without race even being mentioned people immedietly start shouting that racism and fascism is on the rise . 
  and the rise of the far-right is a reaction too   ah haha , this is what i 'm getting at . 
  tell that to the rohinga , or tamils . 
   well , you see i do n't recall saying that buddhists are n't humans . 
  things like this are ought to happen from time to time . 
  and tamils started the war , not the buddhists . 
  difference between , for example , buddhism and islam is in the fact that you have to point to some events on some island south of india to prove buddhists `` do bad things too '' . 
  when it comes to islam i can just say `` look around '' . 
  my point was that islam always gets protected by `` liberals '' while christianity is the devil . 
  buddhism is that one religion that one can truly call peaceful . 
  yeah , well , try hating on islam around here , 
  from the objective point of view it 's all the same bullshit . 
  i , for one , enjoy going to church to listen to gregorian chants and quotes from the bible , it gives me some sort of spiritual comfort . 
  i know it 's probably a lot less * cooler * than human sacrifice though . 
  christians i know are usually very nice and kind people who could not care less about you being an atheist . 
  they do n't want your protection , they just want to be left alone without smartass remarks about their `` imaginary friend '' . 
  so brave . 
  what 's the deal with hating on christianity these days ? 
  i love maps !, 
  please do !, 
  well , pakistan is known to be a successful country full of intelligent people . 
  the worst mistake you can make is to try to understand them . 
  `` brings muslim hostility against us '' how can these retards be so fucking retarded is beyond me ... 
  i heard the czech president milos zeman once said that there will be a clash of civilizations between the western one and muslim one . 
  he got sued for that by the czech muslim community . 
  i 'm starting to think the sooner the better . 
  i just hope these women will get home safely , is it common for islamists to rape their hostages ? 
  hah , that only works here when the guy talking is a leftist . 
  if this was the opposite and the guy talking was for a example nigel farage messenger would be the most important part and you would get downvotes for such comment . 
  it 's a prediction , i 'm an open-minded person though , 
  it 's funny how our humanity will be our downfall .
