  people were making fake plates to drive every day . 
  that , and the best route for small countries is to act very friendly and agreeable and to accept every order the big guys in the playground issue , and then to covertly spin those orders in their own favor and wait for the day to fuck them good and hard . 
  damn , we were masters at that game . 
  you know , we were supposed to voluntarily finance the development of poorer ( and more populous and influential ) regions of yugoslavia . 
  we did it in such a manner that we were making money off of it , not them . 
  acceptable , shmacceptable . 
  you know why it 's better to be a citizen of a powerful country than of a lesser country ? 
  because a powerful country can bully lesser countries around at will . 
  i live in [ slovenia ] ( http://www.freeworldmaps.net/europe/slovenia/location.gif ) . 
  south of us there is a nation that 's twice as large as we are ; north of us there 's a nation four times larger than us ; east of us , five times larger ; west of us , thirty times as large as we are . 
  believe me that slovenia has had experiences with being bullied around . 
  so , you know how we survived 1100 years under germans and/or italians and/or serbs or whatever ? 
  by keeping quiet , by smiling and nodding our head to whatever they said and by sticking a knife in their back at the first opportune moment . 
  when we seceded from austria at the end of ww1 , the emperor could n't believe it . 
  `` but you slovenes were always so loyal '' , he said . 
  loyal my ass . 
  we were n't crazy . 
  why do you think castro allied himself to ussr ? 
  he was n't even a commie until after he overthrew batista . 
  and i think he made the right decision , considering the history of other latin american countries in the cold war . 
  his biggest fault ( apart from human rights abuses ) is that he ignored how much the world changed since 1959 . 
  cuba could be much more prosperous if he exploited the chance after revolutions of ' 89 , when america was busy trying to buy off russia and playing world police , and slowly opened his country to capitalism , slovenia style ( one of the best decisions our government ever made was to avoid shock therapy and take a gradualist approach to transition ) . 
  this way , cuba remained a poor country without powerful friends and now has no options except bending over . 
  fair enough . 
  if the leader of a country prefers letting his people starve to doing what the big guys tell him , then so be it . 
  look . 
  a leader can let his people starve under sanctions , or he can swallow the pride and admit defeat . 
  there is no pride in starvation , btw . 
  no , marine wants to destroy the eu . 
  i think that will be enough of a motivation for socialist voters to vote fillon . 
  what are all those guys trying to conserve ? 
  i mean , the word `` conservative '' has lost all of its meaning since reagan and thatcher . 
  conservative my ass . 
  free market radicals is what they were . 
  trump , on the other hand , is a radical nationalist . 
  you can always give in to the demands of the country that 's blockading you . 
  they will . 
  for the republicans . 
  just like they did in 2002 , when the daughter 's dad got into the second round . 
  i mean , it 's an official statement regarding death of a leader of another country . 
  of course it 's gon na be honey-tongued . 
  i mean , here 's what gerald ford had to say on death of mao zedong , who was a worse human being by any measure :  the people 's republic of china announced today the passing away of chairman mao tse-tung . 
   chairman mao was a giant figure in modern chinese history . 
  he was a leader whose actions profoundly affected the development of his own country . 
  his influence on history will extend far beyond the borders of china . 
   americans will remember that it was under chairman mao that china moved together with the united states to end a generation of hostility and to launch a new and more positive era in relations between our two countries . 
   i am confident that the trend of improved relations between the people 's republic of china and the united states , which chairman mao helped to create , will continue to contribute to world peace and stability . 
   on behalf of the united states government and the american people , i offer condolences to the government and to the people of the people 's republic of china . 
  notice how he mentioned him being a `` giant figure '' who helped `` improve relations '' and all that jazz . 
  not a word about him being responsible for sour relations in the first place . 
  not a word about tibet , or political prisoners , or cultural revolution . 
  letters like this have one purpose only : to maintain friendly or neutral relations between countries , because not expressing condolences or expressing them back-handedly means a diplomatic insult . 
  you should read juncker 's statement in that light . 
  this statement does n't really read as support . 
  it 's worded mega-diplomatically , without being either positive or negative . 
  i mean , the guy was indeed a hero to many , he was a revolutionary figure , he was influential on the world stage , he did play a pivotal role in cuban history . 
  those are just the facts . 
  the `` condolences '' part is an usual phrase - i mean , not expressing condolences would sound hostile to cuba , and we are n't really enemies . 
  clickbait title is clickbait . 
  seriously , is this guy capable of forming a coherent sentence ? 
  no potato . 
  no potato nowhere . 
  what about kakanj ( pooping ) ? 
  someone should do it for kosovo too . 
  * pri\u0161tina - huge pimple * gnjilane - rotten * pe\u0107 - oven * suva reka - dry river * novo brdo - new hill, 
  to be honest , at least one guy got away with the same answer to an even more painful question in a country with a very long a famous democratic tradition : britain . 
  mp : `` does the atlantic charter , which guarantees the right of all peoples to choose the form of government under which they want to live , apply to india as well ? '', 
  churchill : `` no , sir . '', 
  yes . 
  you can even rape her [ retroactively ] ( http://totalsororitymove.com/frat-guy-expelled-for-gray-rape-after-victim-sees-him-making-out-with-someone-else-sues-university/ ) , if she changes her mind after the whole sex thing has happened . 
  ( anyway , the lesson i gained from such incidents : if you ever get stuck on an american university campus , do n't ever say anything and do n't touch anything . ), 
  is there a point to you spamming this board with photos of croatian military junk or are you doing it cause you have nothing to do whatsoever ? 
  what would his majesty king jesus say to this ? 
  none . 
  but lack of accountability of eu politicians is also present because the member states and their leaderships impede any more direct link between voters and eu parliament . 
  this way it suits them best : they have a convenient scapegoat whenever they do something unpopular or refuse to do something that would be popular but would go against their interest . 
  i know , all my backpacks in primary school were bought there . 
  please tell me how to make it more exciting . 
  should i put a car chase in it ? 
  well yeah , but then , kundera spends a good portion of article arguing how western europe of 1938 - the last year when central europe had normal contacts with it - is distant past , since the culture `` bowed out '' in the meantime . 
  and concludes with :  central europe , therefore , should fight not only against its big oppressive neighbor but also against the subtle , relentless pressure of time , which is leaving the era of culture in its wake . 
  we did n't fight the pressure of time , we did n't go back to anything . 
  we got rid of one model and rushed headlong into another that was developed in the meantime . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  russian empire was , well , an empire , it 's right there in the name . 
  it was expansionist , it wanted to be a superpower , it wanted to remodel the world in its image . 
  you know , standard imperial shtick . 
  as far as outsiders could see , all soviet union did is to take those traits and turn them up to 11 . 
  and truth be told , we also see the contemporary russia as a ( watered-down ) continuation of ussr . 
  i guess he 'd be slightly disappointed at how uncritically we all adopted the western european model . 
   you must separate russian empire and soviet union . 
  quoted from page 3 of op :  and so , again : is communism the negation of russian history or its fulfillment ? 
   certainly it is both its negation ( the negation , for example , of its religiosity ) and its fulfillment ( the fulfillment of its centralizing tendencies and its imperial dreams ) . 
   seen from within russia , this first aspect -- the aspect of its discontinuity -- is the more striking . 
  from the point of view of the enslaved countries , the second aspect -- that of its continuity -- is felt more powerfully . 
  ] ( http://anthonyquigley.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/palmanova-italy.jpg ), 
  [ um-hum ] ( http://www.writerscafe.org/uploads/stories/44a86d8b67fe79e19a5e7c40055f13db.jpg ), 
  try staying ahead of the curve with your arms and legs bound . 
  and yet , as soon as central and south-eastern europe got rid of communism , its culture ( as kundera defines it ) unceremoniously commited mass suicide and nobody batted an eye . 
  edit : i do n't mind downvotes , i have more than enough karma to last me for a month , i just wonder why .
