  thise were fucking * hated * . 
  both serbs and croats took them as an attempt to break up their national unity . 
  those were the least controversial ones . 
  the whole area was [ ethnically mixed ] ( http://www.jugosloveni.info/mape_jugoslavije/images/etnicka_struktura_jugoslavije_po_opstinama.jpg ) , so internal borders that followed ethnic lines would be pretty much impossible . 
  on the other hand , old weird borders had some air of legitimacy , and attempts to change them in royal yugoslavia caused a lot of resentment , so yeah . 
   they had different circumstances under ottomans , iirc got their independence differently ? 
  it can be said they were never conquered properly . 
  udba was , quite literally , killing terrorists . 
  guys who kidnapped planes , killed ambassadors , set bombs in cinemas , such stuff . 
  pow 's immediately after the war . 
  just too damn big . 
  some of them crumbled immediately ( tam ) , some took their sweet time collapsing ( peko , elan ) and some are doing just fine ( gorenje , revoz , lek ) . 
  fix up the judiciary , streamline the regulations and enforce them properly . 
  that 's all i really find lacking . 
  with an added bonus : i can praise the * other * government and watch the rage build up . 
  two passports , two citizenships , two electoral rights and two languages spoken with a slightly weird accent :3, 
  never !, 
  i 'm ready to die for my lack of ideals !, 
  you mean , back when general glanzkopf was busy fighting tycoons , buying tanks and taking out loans left and right ? 
  as for people , it 's all lack of experience . 
  dude , you 're being trolled so hard i 'm cringing for you . 
  the latter . 
  while croats did always complain about lazy easterners leeching them off , the biggest issue was that croatia was ( based on bad experiences with first yugoslavia and hungary before that ) really paranoid about losing its national autonomy and identity . 
  the heavy-handed centralization attempts by milo\u0161evi\u0107 's wing poured a barrel of fuel on this spark . 
  does that mean i 'm in the minority again ? 
  just great . 
  the thing is , if slovenia started with the privatization immediately in 1991 , it would lead to massive robbery and economical collapse from which we still would n't have recovered ( check , for example , croatia ) . 
  so this approach , although it was very far from perfect and only made the 2007 financial crisis worse for us , was actually the most sensible thing to do at that time . 
  now , about the people being stupid and falling for empty promises ... can you really blame them ? 
  they were their own bosses for the first time in a millennium , and the last regime was communist , which is known to kinda infantilize the population . 
  an asian maduro . 
  ^ first stage of arguing with a russian : denial . 
   glagolitsa was weird and not really practical and yet we istrians printed books on it and continued with limited use until 19th century . 
  yeah , we are weird . 
  honorary slavs . 
  that 's only in eastern european countries ? 
  til . 
  then get to work comrade, 
  it 's kinda low . 
  i guess the share of appeasers would be much higher ten years ago . 
  except invasion . 
  my dad will be delighted to hear that . 
  he , the poor fool , thought he spent two years in uniform to protect his home and family . 
  i think he meant to say is that if people remembered history nobody , including russians , would be willing to fight a war . 
  then go vegan . 
  more meat for me . 
   except in the western balkans , for some reason the blandest meat that can still be considered meat is lamb . 
  wait ... did you just submit a non-trolling post ? 
  polar beards . 
  there is push-back , you just do n't hear it in the news because no outrage means no clicks . 
  i for one welcome our old currywurst overlords . 
   no one was allowed to criticise the nazis , `` embrace them with love '' , `` not all nazis are bad '' , does this sound familiar ? 
   stay calm `` by god sir , i 've lost my leg ! '', 
  chill , we got the message the first two time you posted this . 
  oil . 
  it 's all about oil . 
  and as long as we 're dependent on oil nothing will be done . 
  which means , until we suck out the last drop . 
  based on our reactions , they actually hit where it hurts . 
  can be fixed . 
  also another nato member already has two rather large bases there . 
  cyprus ? 
   coastal town pics are kinda boring and everyone and their dog will travel there anyway . 
  and that 's why we do n't talk about hinterland . 
  they have no id so the onlt way for their government to know anything about citizens is to spy them at every step . 
  through the same monnet our saviour . 
  amen . 
  i guess we use more cash . 
  before that , they were still perfectly legal back then . 
  the best solution is to commit suicide . 
  that way no problems will be encountered again . 
  germans ? 
  where do you think all those sausages and beer go ? 
  your pretty impressive score has been kinda tainted in the finals . 
  his imperial and royal majesty is smiling in his grave . 
   sorry but crushing europe is what we ** we ** re the best at ... glad we are friends today !, 
  ftfy, 
  ah yeah , just like [ good old days ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d2/cenzurisane_radni%c4%8dke_novine_1920.jpg/440px-cenzurisane_radni%c4%8dke_novine_1920.jpg ) . 
   one of the children ( usually a son ) often stays at home and is then responsible for taking care of the parents as they grow older . 
  sometimes one of the children , if ( s ) he has a house , even brings his/her parents to live with them , usually on the upper floor . 
  the thing is , i live away from my parents for at least five days a week . 
  i wash my own clothes , i make my own food . 
  but if they asked me if i still live with them , i 'd have to say yes . 
  their address is still on my id , i still go back to them at least two weekends a months , and i 'm still financially dependent on them . 
   lingua franca yeah we know , we 've seen the op . 
   i believe lending words from other languages is pretty common . 
  fellows of institute for slovenian language just let out a collective gasp . 
  [ always relevant ] ( https://xkcd.com/123/ ), 
  let 's not forget the meteoritic rise and fall of social democrats in 2008-11 , as well as these parties being staffed with roughly the same people who switch just in time for elections . 
  seriously , look a bit into the history of the 4th republic . 
  france with proportional system is an ungovernable mess . 
   young hitler was a member of communistic party [ citation needed ]  mussolini was fascinated with communism , not socialism . 
  except he was a member of the italian socialist party and turned to extreme nationalism way before communism and socialism could be clearly distinguished . 
  mussolini was a socialist , not communist . 
  and where did you get the idea hitler was ever a commie ? 
  well , yeah , but i do n't think they would be able to defeat nazi germany without usa . 
  ( also , uk and france are at fault for the war not being won in 1940 . ), 
  i 'm not sure if uk did more in that field than usa . 
  do you know if there 's any place i could check that ? 
   there were also conflicts about other questions .
