  not only that . 
  basically everything there screams `` steppe nomad '' , including cruel and unusual punishments and people just going after whoever 's the most badass rider at the moment . 
  for those who do n't know slovenian , it 's a drinking song . 
  i always had the feeling dothraki were meant to be mongols . 
  of course , just as west shits on us to feel better about their ill-gained riches . 
  but that 's okay , you can always shit on middle east , 
  only that we are n't really eastern europe because we are n't culturally orthodox . 
  / r/askhistorians is always your friend . 
  [ basically , they were even better at pr than at war . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/4kqvwk/were_the_spartans_really_all_that_great_as/ ), 
  are you making a joke or did you really mix up the flags ? 
   sue . 
   that . 
  where ? 
  a common thread in all ex-socialist countries that judiciary simply does n't function . 
  whenever you wonder why is colonialism considered to be something bad , think that people like this often got to be governors . 
  he would n't , because they 'd take action . 
  because british state actually enforces its rules . 
  not the case in ex-communist countries . 
  that was his intention , but he did before he managed to do it . 
  people - especially communists - like to forget das kapital is an unfinished work . 
  yeah , mate , try joining an union in private sector anywhere east of stettin-trieste line . 
  you 'll get fired before you can say `` pay overdue wage '' . 
  the point is they employ people , and those employees pay their income tax . 
  they do n't give a shit . 
  do whatever you want to do until you miss paying me dividends . 
  link ? 
  i 'd search myself but i do n't know what i 'm looking for . 
  details ? 
  i 'd check myself , but i do n't know what i 'm looking for . 
  yeah , i ' l give you that . 
  but apart from continuation of the human race , what are they useful for ? 
  yeah but apart from that, 
  28 years old here , nowhere close to having a stable job with enough disposable income to pay for a kid . 
  also nowhere close to having a partner that could suffer through a year with me . 
  by the time i get to both of those my balls will be mildly putrified . 
  it 's ok when we do it , the end justifies the means etc. 
  until they rebel , 
  good bot, 
  hey , you 're right !, 
  they can call themselves slavenia and use white-blue-red tricolor with coat of arms with mount korab in it !, 
  why did n't anyone think of that before ? 
   i did n't invent it of course you did n't , johann gottfried herder did . 
  [ late to the party , but i 'm a sucker for this remix ] ( https://soundcloud.com/asadinho/lana-del-rey-summertime-sadness-asadinho-main-vocal-mix ), 
  then he should 've wrote that . 
  but you know as well as him why he picked those exact words - to present himself as a `` progressive '' edgelord . 
  then he should 've wrote so , nobody can read his thoughts . 
  but you know as well as him why he picked those exact words - to present himself as a `` radical '' edgelord . 
  islamo-leftism is just supposed to mean the alliance between leftist groups and islamist groups . 
  they both have a common enemy , after all - western capitalist , liberal democracies . 
  i actually had contacts with the main such group on my uni , but i started avoiding them like plague when they avoided condemning charlie hebdo massacre . 
  i think that puts them on the same side as islamists , even though practically nobody of them is actually muslim . 
  i heard there 's a large oppressed minority there . 
  sounds juicy , does n't it ? 
  i just do n't know how to contact them , they speak some kind of alien language . 
  even if they 're demagogues ? 
  large parts of students are already brainwashed with islamo-leftist propaganda , even here in slovenia . 
  they 're fanatical and wrapped in nonsense buzzwords which mean nothing but can be used as reply to everything ; they 're impossible to reason with . 
  their party , as things stand now , will be the third largest party in the next election , which i find completely unacceptable . 
  we can hope they 'll ruin themselves by infighting , because extreme leftists like to do that , but that does n't change the fact their propaganda is worming its way into mainstream . 
  they 're danger to democracy , and even more so because they use tools of democracy against it . 
  tl ; dr : he did say that , but that 's okay because he 's black and gay , so why you hef to be mad ? 
  tl ; dr : he did n't say that, 
  [ cia makes the best gdp ppp per capita estimates ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita ) . 
  also , what about slovakia ? 
  they are kinda starting to worry me . 
  but not all , thank you very much . 
  for example none of guys in my extended family who fought in and survived the war is a catholic ( and one even remained a diehard communist ) . 
  also , what about rahim ademi ? 
  this monopolizing of croatian defence by the church and neo-usta\u0161as is dishonest and poisonous and is no better than monopolizing of ww2 by commies . 
  i support internment for such people . 
  genius . 
  to ireland . 
  as a veteran 's son , your username sucks and cross has nothing to do with anything . 
   croatian trap shooter with italian roots with surname that literally means montenegrin, 
  apparently harvest in croatia is month eatlier than in poland . 
  what would russian chauvinists think about a tuvan boss ? 
  croatia is super progressive in that regard , dead people always express their support for hdz in elections , 
  the same charles de gaulle that you almost went into a full-blown revolution to oust ? 
  also wow at giscard d'estaing . 
  impressive job , one does n't often see an office-holder becoming steadily * more * popular . 
  sounds like a normal friday night in maribor . 
  [ for this i 'd go back to jail ] ( https://eumostwanted.eu/summercampaign/#/greetings-hungary ), 
  this article is a trainwreck . 
   provocatively interfering  with the above quite surprising statements sofia does not seem to show a `` european solidarity '' spirit towards athens . 
  this , kids , is what propaganda looks like . 
  but serbian way is definitely the most romantic : * ja bi te karo * , pronounced yaa-bee-teh-kaa-roh . 
  the russian one has nice lines . 
  this sub is just as insane as fullcommunism , but in a different , more insidious and dangerous way . 
  check this post out , from the top thread , by a polish/lithuanian guy whose family was robbed and killed by commies :  what bothers me is not the taking of land of course . 
  as a communist obviously i think that was warranted . 
  in fact even if it were just the disappearings i might understand it on a political level in spite of my personal belief that it did not have to be that way . 
  revolution , invasion and expropriation are messy and even though i would have still maintained that my family was no threat , i could understand that they may have been perceived as one . 
  all of this i would not view as a serious charge against the soviets if the disappearings were genuinely carried out in the name of socialism ( of course i do n't think it would have been `` justified '' or `` deserved '' even then , but i could at least see why someone would do such a thing ) . 
  the worst i could say is that they greatly overestimated the threat posed by my family . 
  now you see , edgy teenagers on fullcommunism and antifas will never go further than banning people on their subs and wrecking cars when they feel safe in the crowd , at least not without somebody telling them to go further . 
  this guy is who would tell them so . 
  this guy is a mass murderer waiting to happen . 
  it 's his own fucking family that was killed - and the main problem to him is that reds were too rash . 
  not that life and property were taken away from people , but wrong threat assessment .
