  nationalism = i love my people . 
  you did too , in 1939 . 
  because they were anti-soviet . 
  which , ultimately , happened anyway . 
  and why the hell exactly is this downvoted ? 
  marco polo bridge `` incident '' . 
  p\u00e1l teleki would be counted as a great man if only he were n't anti-semitic . 
  that 's the guy that preferred to commit suicide than to lead hungary into war . 
  he considered hungarian attack on yugoslavia as too shameful to live . 
   ( some ) refugees claim otherwise well you fed them with disgusting shit food , pasta macaron , no azil good . 
  they should write down the plates and send them to the police together with the video , if they have n't done so already . 
  even if it were n't a fire truck , how the hell can you stop on a highway inside the tunnel ? 
  wtf ? 
  um , why exactly ? 
  i know . 
  funnily enough , i just recently changed my bieber haircut to hoxton tom mccourt one , precisely because i found the old , pre-nazi skinhead look and music quite fun and aligned with my values . 
  fuck franks anyway , it took us eleven centuries to get rid of them and their kraut successors . 
  [ remove schnitzel , add potica ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9e/carantania_800_ad.png ), 
   and low population usually means less crime , not more . 
  [ poland did n't give russia its best people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andrey_vyshinsky ), 
  not the worst thing that could happen . 
  you kinda make me wish sweden went completely down the shitter , just so that you could shut up with this superiority complex that would be straight up racist if you talked about anyone other than ee . 
  nice one . 
  this whole `` dark age '' meme is so incredibly centered on a few aspects of western europe it 's hilarious . 
  you are entitled to your opinion . 
  see you at the polling place . 
  you know , unless you live under a rock you 've heard all pro-federalization arguments a zillion times already . 
  i have nothing to add , and i 'm not in the mood to repeat the same old shit . 
  my theory : mercenaries , fighting for tshombe , paid by belgium . 
  yeah , i agree with him . 
  we indeed should federalize as soon as possible - and not a second earlier . 
  thankfully russia and before her ussr , china and japan have zero to do with it . 
  right ? 
  i wonder what would happen if 15 eu members turned against stockholm/berlin/amsterdam on that question . 
  a true kebab remover . 
  traitors and lackeys of bourgeoisie !, 
  at least here , car insurance does n't cover riots . 
  broken window fallacy . 
  `` and then what ? '', 
  '' ... daaooown with caaapitalism ! '', 
  absolutely nothing , as always . 
  mate , i do n't even trust you 're irish . 
  trump looking completely lost in spacetime , as usual . 
  like almost any biographical detail about almost any ancient greek cultural personality . 
  i prefer looking at that time as an era where fact and fiction were n't completely divorced yet . 
  wait , is that a part of city walls right behind the arch ? 
  i 'd never hear about him if my brother did n't study physics , so yeah . 
  exactly . 
  we need to know what our scumbags did so that we do n't do the same crimes and mistakes again . 
  nah , no problem , if i do n't know a language i should learn it . 
  i 'm just thinking to myself that it 's funny how it works . 
  like , for example , macedonian is more or less a dialect of bulgarian but i understand it perfectly when i hear it , while i 'm really struggling to follow any conversation in bulgarian . 
  there was something seriously wrong with 1870-1945 germany . 
  i 'm not sure what , but something that made all the psychopaths crawl out the woodwork . 
  his message to herero announcing he 's going to exterminate them tells a lot about what kind of guy he was :  i , the great general of the german troops , send this letter to the herero people . 
   the herero are no longer german subjects . 
  they have murdered and stolen , they have cut off the ears , noses and other body-parts of wounded soldiers , now out of cowardice they no longer wish to fight . 
  i say to the people : anyone who delivers a captain will receive 1000 mark , whoever delivers samuel [ * maharero , chief of the herero * ] will receive 5000 mark . 
   the herero people must however leave the land . 
  if the populace does not do this i will force them with the groot rohr [ * cannon * ] . 
  within the german borders every herero , with or without a gun , with or without cattle , will be shot . 
  i will no longer accept women and children , i will drive them back to their people or i will let them be shot at . 
   these are my words to the herero people . 
   the great general of the mighty german kaiser, 
  it 's mildly interesting how my knowledge of italian allows me to understand written spanish , but not portuguese . 
  yup , aeschylus , the guy who basically invented the attic tragedy . 
  that was spoken in jest . 
  lefty answer to skinheads would be the most appropriate answer . 
  that 's a troll article . 
  too direct , too intelligible , not enough buzzwords . 
  ok , now they really pissed me off . 
  do n't touch my cheap minimalist furniture , assholes !, 
  it 's few whole chapters in the middle of the book that i have in translation . 
  but [ here ] ( http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/12051 ) you have the full text , it begins a bit before the part ii and lasts for the good part of the second half . 
  i recommend teading the whole book , it 's classic verne . 
  balkan wars were n't long or big enough , so competent people did n't get their chance to surface ( unlike ww1 which brought atat\u00fcrk ) . 
  enver pasha was the boss of turkish military since 1908 and he was brought there because of politics , not competence . 
  verne also wrote a captain at fifteen , which includes one of the most horrifying depictions of slave trade i ever read - i felt physically sick reading it . 
  so his racist thoughtcrime is , in my opinion , forgiven . 
  well , altai is basically in the geographic center of asia , is n't it ? 
  it 's okay to post articles on russian politics , since russia is an important european state . 
  it 's also okay to post pics of the european part of russia , which is , like , 40 % of total area of europe . 
  but altai , really ? 
  translation : damn those catholics . 
  it 's not croatian , it 's the flag of noord-brabant province . 
  croatian flag is red-white-blue horizontal tricolor with checkerboard on the shield in the middle . 
  u/pm _ your_compliments is dutch . 
  before the great war there was some 40 years of peace and turkey shoots in colonies . 
  not much opportunity for capable officers to stand out . 
  so they became generals the same way all peacetime generals get their rank : by length of service and office politics . 
  he 's not drunk , but illiterate . 
  shitposting does n't leave him enough time for proof-reading . 
  you know , only god is infallible , and i do n't believe in god . 
  who said anything about causes ? 
  i just said that consumerist religion is n't really pleasant unless you have money . 
  i used to be a door-to-door insurance salesman . 
  i could n't believe in what conditions some people live . 
  especially a guy who lived in a freezing basement because his disability benefits covered only his rent and food , but not heating . 
  unless you do n't have money to consume . 
  all czech sculptors had to enter the competition for stalin monument , and the winning design was made by a guy who drew it completely wasted in order to minimize his chances of winning .
