  pah !, 
  catholic grandmas could complain . 
  he 's right though . 
  i do n't know about estonia , but i am silently crying right now . 
  where do we draw the line between humans and animals ? 
  at the kolpa river . 
  phoenix , because it quite literally rose from the ashes . 
  he could 've shut up . 
  no , this is patrick, 
  how else would you say `` what ? '', 
  without wearing down your vocal cords ? 
  as our beloved bald ex-pm would say , a tracksuit-wearing new slovene . 
  scratch my last comment . 
  pm me the next time you 're within 150 km from slovenian border . 
  i 'm buying you a drink of your choice . 
  [ i 'll sue you for plagiarism ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6dtw84/croatian_and_serbian_soldiers_in_somalia/di5hdja/ ), 
  [ go weeeest ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnbjmrvob5m ), 
  near water , cramped and polluted by light ? 
  france does n't allow any language other than french to be official , and up until recently actively repressed regional languages . 
  only rduring the last decade they recognized the existence of regional languages , but they wo n't become official for the foreseeable future . 
  why ? 
  that 's one of the rare things in german language that i ubderstood straight away , because `` da '' in slovene or croatoan works the same way . 
  but your prepositions ... sweet mother of god . 
  you sure ? 
  if you 're turkish diaspora under erdogan and lose your citizenship you get to keep all the privileges and lose all the obligations . 
   really hard to break into due to the weird ledges and swarms of templar guards i have n't been there for a while , but i kinda remember castel sant ` angelo being even trickier . 
  yes . 
  how can anyone be nostalgic for those years is beyond me . 
  aside from his private armies spoiling the croatian reputation , his fascism and expansionism , he also directly financed and protected the mafia through military intelligence service . 
  he was everything that was wrong with tu\u0111man 's croatia personified . 
  but still way below serbs . 
  oddly enough , hos guys were relatively well-behaved despite being openly neo-usta\u0161a . 
  on croatian side the worst offenders tended to be the `` regular '' military police and special units ( actually the private army of defence minister \u0160u\u0161ak , may he burn in hell ) . 
  it 's a step . 
  no idea why my autocorrect put that accent . 
  oh no , i 'm not saying that . 
  but ideal enlightened prince is as common as unicorns anyway . 
  compared to other european rulers of early 17th century , he was almost as good as it goes . 
  well , i do n't think that assassination attempts catholibans mortally offended by tolerating protestants counts as evidence of bad rule . 
  on the other hand , the same wikipedia article mentions a boatload of his achievements , from construction projects to welfare to protection of the environment . 
  he maybe was n't as magnificent as his cult of personality tried to make him , but a really good ruler nonetheless . 
  27th dano-swedish war in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  a very good french king . 
  not a common occurrence . 
  poppy rolls , all day , everyday . 
  take as much onion as meat and brown it on lard . 
  put chicken in , throw in p\u00e1prika ( both sweet and hot ) , garlic and majaron according to taste and cook it until it becomes white inside . 
  add a bit of chicken soup every now and then . 
  do i do it right , hungarians ? 
  does it taste more free ? 
  what romanian would neglect to fly romanian colours ? 
  none , right ? 
  yeah , it 's quite dumb . 
  what do you want us to do ? 
  the whole point of sanctions is to cripple the russian economy , to make life in russia so hard that maybe enough people see it 's all putin 's fault . 
  we can also give asylum and moral support to russian opposition . 
  that 's all we 're able to do . 
  we ca n't invade russia , russia is impossible to conquer even without nukes , and i do n't think anyone really wants that . 
  it 's on you and other people who think like you to change things . 
  well ... that 's pretty much what everybody says about nazism , yes . 
  read hannah arendt . 
  then you , and all the other russians too , will stay punished until you get angry enough at putin that you launch a revolution . 
  ( also russians are so deliciously easy to piss off . 
  thank you for that , you brightened up my evening . ), 
  because you have n't removed putin . 
  it 's a tie between balkan threads and ukrainian threads . 
  masturbate the mixed feelings of the past in public . 
  quite frankly , if somebody killed just two croats in my town just for being croats and got away with it , i 'd seriously consider moving . 
  you do n't really have to forcefully expel the whole population . 
  a few targeted killings are more than enough . 
  edit : a few words, 
  following putin 's path is not a bad advice for young , ambitious sociopaths . 
  an american praised italian pizza ? 
  this ca n't be happening . 
  tzatziki = / = greek yogurt . 
  shame on you , uncultured barbarian . 
  i 'm just afraid the only way to solve this without giving kurds at least some kind of autonomy is genocide . 
  dictators are to dictate , plebs are to be dictated to . 
  there 'd just be another civil war , czarists vs. republicans . 
  stalin back ? 
  i think what he meant is that all your neighbours would turn on you and exterminate you , which i think would be quite impossible . 
  edit : whoever downvoted me , why ? 
  well the issue is cost/benefit . 
  if an ethnic minority wants its own state so hard that it 's willing to fight a long and costly war for it , it can ultimately turn out that the easiest way to get out of that mess is to give them independence . 
  example : ireland . 
  and worst paramilitaries . 
  and awful command & control , which often meant local criminals could simply put on some kind of uniform and massacre their neighbours with impunity . 
  just do n't ever get a border with them . 
  the main issue is that serb nationalist statelets did an awful amount of war crimes in the areas under their control . 
  pictures of vukovar , dubrovnik , sarajevo , omarska , srebrenica and so on reached the world 's audience and turned the international public opinion * hard * against serbs in general , and therefore also serbia . 
  so when fighting started in kosovo , everyone immediately expected another bosnia , so the un/nato reaction was to immediately take a war-like stance against serbia and stop serbian military activities by all means possible . 
  there was never an earnest attempt of negotiating a settlement . 
  ( personally , i think serbia had right to defend kosovo and destroy kla , the same way as croatia had right to defend krajina and destroy svk . 
  but at this point it does n't matter anymore . ), 
  you were making too many enemies too quickly . 
  ( but u/puupae is overstating it , yeah . ), 
  okay , aside from pkk obviously being a shitty terrorist group with whom one ca n't talk , what are the reason why turkey ca n't let areas with kurdish majority secede ? 
  ( if the answer is that kurds do n't want it , i 'd like to see some data . ), 
  now kiss !, 
  i agree their education sucks , because it does suck ( i ca n't otherwise explain the utter lack of african scientists and generally intellectuals educated in africa ) .
