  each one of those stories was meant as guidance for life , not as commandment . 
  rituals were a function of community and state more than mystic devotional experience . 
  i mean , watching comedies was a religious ritual . 
  participating at house parties was a religious ritual . 
  participating in sports competitions was a religious ritual . 
  reading philosophy was a religious ritual . 
  in short , hellenic religion was not something individual , something you can convert to as an individual . 
  it was an inseparable way of the life of community , and there was no separation between sacred and profane in one 's life . 
  all of that is valid , in different forms , for all traditional indo-european religions . 
  for a contemporary example , see hinduism . 
  yes . 
  i could n't believe it either . 
  in this paper ( [ pdf ] ( http://ojs.zrc-sazu.si/sms/article/view/1655/1400 ) , in slovene ) , the author tells us how his great-grandmother told him before she died how a ritual dedicated to goddess of fertility deva should be performed . 
  his great-grandmother died in 1967 . 
  and when the author checked that story with another old lady from the same village , she confirmed it and told him her grandmother was the last priestess of deva . 
  edit : of course , they were very secretive about their religion , since pagans were often persecuted in the past . 
  he was n't italian , he was obviously slovenian , i mean look at that wink . 
  you 're right about pizza tho . 
  [ flabba holt ] ( https://www.harrisonstafford.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/01-600x331.jpg ) ? 
  too rasta for the sun 's readers . 
  it is possible that croats had status of foederati : settlement allowed in exchange for military service . 
  romans were forming such treaties all the time with all sorts of tribes . 
  okay , what i mean is this , for example : i commute by car pool sharing regularly . 
  in rare occasions , we the passengers find a theme which keeps us interested in chatting for the whole hour . 
  usually we talk a bit for the first 15 mins , then we run out of things to say , shut up and ride . 
  so far , apart from slovenes , i 've met italians , spaniards , czechs , poles and ukrainians that way . 
  except in one case when we all talked about movies the whole time , we spent our ride mostly in silence . 
  but not when an american comes in . 
  then the noise never stops . 
  even when everybody else had already lost interest in talking - no , especially then - they yammered and yammered on , asking questions and acting all giddy . 
  it was kinda cute , i mean , but i think that i 'd go crazy if i had to stay with them for more than an hour . 
  this happens every time an american is in the same confined space as me . 
  in cars , in trains , everywhere . 
  except planes , which is weird now that i think about it . 
  not from seicento to ottocento but from 600 ad to 900 ad . 
  contrary to stereotype , yes . 
  mediterraneans just speak quicker and louder than northerners . 
  the slavs decided they 've had enough of moving around and that they can squat on these hills as well as anywhere else . 
  so they made themselves a society . 
  at first they were part of samo 's kingdom , and when that one disappeared , they made two smaller ones : carantania and carniola . 
  carantania had some ridiculous customs . 
  for example , every new duke formally took reins of power from the hands of a peasant and had to answer for his actions to his people . 
  how wacky is that ? 
  unfortunately , the first bigger flatlands next to carantania and carniola were full of avars , nasty guys they were , so they asked bavarians for help . 
  bavarians helped , but took over foreign policy and concluded that slavs had squatted around wooden gods long enough and that they need to kneel in church . 
  well , some slavs did n't like the churches , cold and damp as they were , so they started burning them and killing every noble who built one . 
  a brief civil war and a german intervention later , things settled down . 
  slavs started going to church every sunday ( and quietly continued praying to old gods , in some places until early 20th century ) . 
  a german became the duke , his friends became the barons . 
  and it stayed that way for another thousand years . 
   i do n't fear awkward silences . 
  and i think that 's one of the main differences between american and european cultures : when we in europe feel awkward , we tend to shut up , withdraw to a dark corner and try to be invisible . 
  americans , on the other hand , try to cover up their unease with talking . 
  i 'm sure that 's the main reason why we seem aloof to americans and americans seem pushy to us . 
  it 's just like boy scouts , but with [ better haircuts ] ( http://i.imgur.com/etwhhwi.jpg ), 
  educated guess , based on how technically complex their compositions can be . 
  virtuosos tend to compose pieces for virtuosos . 
  edit : but among the things i 'd definitely do if a time machine was invented is recording chopin or paganini playing . 
  my grandpa apparently always made a mean mug when taking photos . 
  he was a military officer tho . 
  the only photo of him smiling was taken at his wedding , although he did look a bit awkward in that baggy russian-style uniform, 
  woooh ... that 's difficult . 
  i 'd say rachmaninoff had a slight edge as a piano shredder , but chopin beats him as a composer . 
  thanks jan\u0161a . 
  also thanks for the ljubljanska banka affair which costed my parents a large part of their savings and forced them to stop building their house and move back to my mom 's parents . 
  this is clockwork orange live , basically . 
  i guess cuntsakimbo is the kind of turk who got mad when `` hitler 's grandchildren '' insulted his grandfathers by recognizing a certain genocide which happened a century ago . 
  everybody can kick somebody else from behind , it 's amazingly easy . 
  i 'm seriously at loss as to what motivates such behavior . 
  why ? 
  not anymore , but they did . 
  final edit : you guys need to fucking chill the fuck out . 
  i 'm deleting everything and reporting every harassment and threat to my family . 
  ah quit it dude . 
  you have east germany , is n't that enough for you ? 
  i can imagine that they 're not sure if they 're 17 or 21 , but not 17 or 34 . 
  they can count years , dammit . 
  nothing . 
  i mean , even worse things have already happened than isis keeping some territory . 
  look at north korea . 
  or genghis khan . 
  or sparta . 
  they had the capability to defend themselves , no matter how horrible their regimes were/are . 
  which means they had the same right to exist as the most peaceful , enlightened and advanced democracy : none . 
  edit : just to reiterate - that 's just my opinion . 
  \\  slovenske novice \\  objective sure . 
  just as the sun and daily mirror are objective . 
  and , especially , decent and truthful . 
  that question is so controversial that i ca n't answer you properly . 
  but if you ask me , there is no such thing as right to exist . 
  there is only capability to capture and hold territory . 
  israel was attacked twice and twice it managed not only to repel invasion forces but to capture some of their territory . 
  fight for public opnion - where this right to exist thing comes into play - is also a front of this fight . 
  and you , who come from the country with such pinnacles of journalism as slovenske novice , \u017durnal24 and po\u017eareport , are surely the right judge of that . 
  used to be respectable . 
  past tense . 
  and to think ve\u010dernji used to be a respectable paper ... 
  nothing . 
  it 's child marriages , refusal to work and petty crime that bothers people . 
  that 's because criticizing israel ( not israeli government , but israel as a state ) can be understood as denying its right to exist .
