  quick , what 's better : slovenija or slovensko ? 
  germanized traitors . 
  but do these taste like cinnamon ? 
  northern ireland . 
  they 're all irish there , so they quarrel over what 's catholic and what 's protestant , which sometimes goes to ridiculous extent ( catholic atheists ) . 
  without fraud ? 
  \\ # 1 does n't surprise me . 
  nowhere have i seen greater concentration of absolutely stunning women than in tallinn . 
  did he read any name other than kekkonen that day ? 
  you are aware that the only thing you achieved with this post is making yourself sound retarded , are n't you ? 
  my point is , predominantly christian countries came up with women 's rights despite the religion being as misogynist as islam . 
   likewise , i want women to adorn themselves with proper clothing , modestly and discreetly , not with braided hair and gold or pearls or costly garments , but rather by means of good works , as is proper for women making a claim to godliness . 
  a woman must quietly receive instruction with entire submissiveness . 
  but i do not allow a woman to teach or exercise authority over a man , but to remain quiet . 
  for it was adam who was first created , and then eve . 
  and it was not adam who was deceived , but the woman being deceived , fell into transgression . 
  but women will be preserved through the bearing of children if they continue in faith and love and sanctity with self-restraint . 
  - first epistle to timothy , 9-15 religion is what you make of it . 
  but look , i 'm downvoting you too !, 
  is it traditional for the whole russia or just some part of it ? 
  ah yes , bribing the electorate . 
  the tried and true method of staying in power , just ask croatian democratic union . 
  also the reason why croatia is still poorer than in 1989 . 
  guys , you need to get rid of erdogan and fast . 
  otherwise you wo n't recover for decades from this mess . 
   the thing is ... people want to have state owned companies and privatisation and foreign investment are evil words . 
  my family was annoying me to no end with their opposition to selling the port of koper to the chinese . 
  fucking hell , what does it take for you to understand that they want to make money with it ? 
  they are n't our tycoon idiots with political connections who do n't give a fuck what company they ruin . 
  but no , apparently it 's better to have ga\u0161per ga\u0161per cases than somebody who wants the port to work and make profit . 
  i love my parents , but when it comes to economy they 're commie idiots . 
  but even apart from that , our economy is stagnating because our judiciary does n't work at all , because regulations are messy and inspectors corrupt , and because everyone smart and educated enough to make a difference now lives in austria or canada . 
  good job , politicians . 
  maybe you 'll start asking yourself some questions once romania reaches our level . 
  forget it . 
  orban introduced such an electoral system that no party stands a slightest chance of unseating him . 
  if slovakia overtakes us , i swear to triglav i 'll go to parliament and beat somebody up . 
  standard pre-election mud throwing , nothing to see here . 
  well , like u/zee-utterman said , yiddish is mainly based on old german and hebrew . 
  it kinda follows they lived in german-speaking countries before moving to overwhelmingly slavic-speaking eastern europe . 
  according to wikipedia :  the surviving french jews were joined in the late 1940s , 1950s and 1960s by large numbers of jews from france 's predominantly muslim north african colonies ( along with millions of other french nationals ) as part of the jewish exodus from arab and muslim countries . 
  ( ... ) by 1968 , sephardi jews from the former french possessions in north africa constituted the majority of the jews of france . 
  what do you think , where did they pick up yiddish ? 
  and in the next paragraph :  but pulling out can be difficult to do perfectly . 
  so in real life , about 27 out of 100 women who use withdrawal get pregnant every year -- that 's about 1 in 4 . 
  buy one and pimp her out for a lower price . 
  i doubt she 'd complain . 
  \\  reliable, 
  1 ) [ citation needed ] 2 ) or you mean , like the way bosnian kids were always outside and always getting in fights for toys and games ? 
  or how italian kids thought themselves too high and mighty to play with us ? 
  or how we formed a gang on our street and occasionally went to fight with those wops on the next one ? 
  because those were fucking games . 
  we are all grown up now , we sit in cafes and talk normally . 
  there are no ethnic tensions to speak of , except for some soft xenophobia towards recent immigrants . 
  ah yeah , i grew up after yugoslavia broke up . 
  100-150 $ / h is normal rate for mid-range escorts . 
  as for sex with a piece of plastic , their price is a bit high , but not outrageous . 
  after all , atm they do n't have competition . 
  the church is filthy rich , but individual priests own next to nothing themselves . 
  even the pope . 
  only 9.2 % political connections in china ? 
  i 'm starting to like them . 
  better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and to remove all doubt . 
  latvian whores are that cheap ? 
  pls lord do n't let it be lil wayne, 
  back then rightist libertarians simply did n't exist . 
  economical rightists were pretty much all for status quo - which usually meant strong state which serves their interests and uses force to suppress left/labour movement . 
  right sr , wow . 
  i thought i 'd be menshevik . 
  i came off a bit more to the right and a bit more democratic than on politicalcompass . 
  edit : now that i checked my answers and how they fit with parties it seems i 'd agree more with menshevik centrists on questions which matter more to me . 
  meanwhile , we are still arguing whether wind farms would kill all of our birds . 
  forget it , current situation allows suits politicians too much . 
  if you keep a country on the brink of disintegration you can steal to no end . 
  that 's the fate of anything you throw in venus 's atmosphere . 
  so do these roma-khm-romanians do the same thing in romania ? 
  because organizing such a restaurant break is pretty impressive . 
  well it was obviously upsetting enough that they expelled them all in 1945 . 
  but romania did n't expel its germans , so i wonder ... how come it did n't happen when it happened everywhere else ? 
  stop !, 
  back to / r/the _ donald !, 
  nice flair there , a flag of a country that does n't exist . 
  so poetic . 
  and it 's going to be the old president . 
  denbts , greece , denbts first . 
  what a nice couple . 
  seriously , how did they behave in ww2 ? 
  where i live ( lower styria ) , an upsetting amount of germans were very pro-hitler . 
  what is the share that ~ ~ vory ~ ~ state gets ? 
  yeah i know . 
  it 's a shitty situation , but i feel universal income is n't the right solution . 
  but like i said before , i need more info . 
  no , it 's not that , and yugoslavia did n't give away that much free money ( it was more about keeping unprofitable companies afloat so that everyone could have a job ) . 
  you know , i do n't have that much information to have a definite opinion . 
  i just have this hunch that a lot of people with nothing to strive for ( since for most people striving for survival is as far as it gets ) would just cause a lot of people to go into extremism or criminality out of pure boredom . 
  a better example would be spoiled sons from gulf countries going to isis . 
  am i the only one who thinks universal income would have a disastrous effect on society ? 
  flawless , royal and [ fabulous ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/46/jan_thomas_-_leopold_i_as_acis_in_the_play_%22la_galatea%22.jpg ), 
  iceland is not antarctica . 
  i think the problem was that there was no sunset .
