  numerically i think we are the largest or second-largest population of non-slovenes in slovenia . 
  legally , we do n't exist . 
  what people need to understand is the cruel fact that minorities are , by definition , at mercy of the majority . 
  oh sure , we can constitutionally enshrine some minority rights and make philosophical arguments and whatnot . 
  it all falls down the moment that the majority decides to not give those rights . 
  so now 2000 italians in slovenia can have their representative in the parliament and schools on their language , while 40000 croats ca n't even have croatian in schools as an optional subject . 
  is that fair ? 
  no , but that 's what the majority wants . 
  especially considering how hard it is to force a referendum in croatia . 
  that was the first day i was actually ashamed to be a croat . 
  the second day was when they gathered enough signatures for a referendum about ban of cyrillic script . 
  to be honest , i still prefer seeing kids growing up in normal families with both mom and dad . 
  it 's just that there 's so many different levels of fucked up families , from absent parents to outright violence . 
  anything that could raise the number of families where it 's at least not as bad growing up as in some junkie den is good to me . 
  but yeah , it 's been way too short to make any definitive conclusion as to benefits and drawbacks of growing up having gays as parents . 
  for now , everything i read points to gay families being pretty much same shit as hetero families as far as kids are concerned . 
  i 'm a croat , where are my minority rights ? 
  gib minority rights pls . 
   for example the turks in germany have a more progressive view of gay marriage than the germans do ... [ citation needed ], 
  slovenia is very conservative , especially if you look beyond the largest few cities . 
  people forget that wealth and liberal values do n't necessarily go together . 
  i mean , switzerland gave its women right to vote only in ' 71 ... 
  better gay parents who love each other and live normally than a broken hetero family of a drunk mom and violent dad . 
  that 's how i think . 
  yeah , but people do n't know that . 
   developed world, 
  i voted for the same-sex marriage . 
  a lot of my friends voted against . 
  they 're otherwise decent , tolerant people who have no issues with gays . 
  one of the reasons for voting against were sjw 's - who are surprisingly numerous on uni of ljubljana , and have got louder and more annoying with their guilt-tripping and shitting on mainstream slovene culture . 
  the second reason is that they do n't want other gender bullshit ( like no gender in kindergartens ) and they figure that after this referendum nobody will ask the people anything , that any next legislation will be simply adopted without much debate . 
  so thank tumblr , sweden and lefty professors/activists for this result . 
  now let the downvotes pour . 
  like [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/z4uhjpvivyg ) ? 
  it 's raki , not schnaps . 
  good bot . 
  how many successful uprisings were there in poland anyway ? 
  i can only think of one , and even that one was in germany . 
  i had this hunch that it 's all about neo-libs trying to maximize profits , but goddamn , they always surprise me with their lack of scruples . 
  fuck them for making me agree with naomi klein . 
  again . 
  what the hell are these people trying to achieve ? 
  for some reason , during the whole siege the ~ ~ serb ~ ~ stannis side made no attempt to actually enter the city , even though is was virtually undefended for quite a while . 
  no idea why . 
  they were wrong muslims . 
  too casual muslims . 
  muslims who did n't immediately leave everything behind to join the glorious caliphate army . 
  literally kuffar . 
  [ i 'm not . 
  ] ( http://www.index.hr/forum/97/povijest/tema/254937/kurdi-branili-dubrovnik.aspx ), 
   according to serbian media , self proclaimed experts on their paylist and croatian wikipedia that number is between 100.000-200 .000 , not counting the 500.000 arabs that are about to move to bosnia . 
  serbian media is always reliable on such stuff . 
  like how they masterfully uncovered 30.000 kurdish mercenaries defending dubrovnik back in ' 91 . 
  moderate , reasonable , truthful dialogue incarnated . 
  ah , croatian wikipedia . 
  always takes the npov principle so seriously , like when they claimed that usta\u0161e had nothing to do with fascism , but were just a legit expression of croatian patriotism in front of mondial capitalism and rootless cosmopolitanism . 
  interesting company . 
  ah , that poll was from the sun ? 
  that explains everything . 
  how many wahhabites are there in bosnia now and how hard would it be to kick them all to persian gulf islamic utopia ? 
  those are fucking wmd 's . 
  the pollution from all the leaks and rust would kill half a mediterranean 's worth of flora and fauna . 
  civic nationalism is too vulnerable to ethnic nationalists , that 's the counterargument . 
  if you want to see how that happens , check the breakup of yugoslavia and fate of kids from mixed marriages . 
  afraid , not . 
  pissed off , yes . 
  in other words , they have an even bigger problem , but do n't make as much noise as we do . 
  with mustache . 
  i was just to type `` what a nice , patronizing article '' . 
  you beat me to it . 
  i have yet to see an eastern european who does n't admit that his politicians and state are n't ridiculously corrupt . 
  and i live in eastern europe . 
  2 ) yes . 
  but the condition for even thinking of that would have to be removal of milo\u0161evi\u0107 at latest in early ' 88 , before he got the opportunity to build a cult of personality . 
  that 's the point , mate . 
  did anyone in jna , or your unit , actually believe it was possible to save yugoslavia at that point ? 
  or what was exactly the rationale behind your involvement , if anyone even tried to give one ? 
  because after fiasco in slovenia and brioni declaration it was clear to anyone that croatia is going as soon as the moratorium expires . 
  sorry , this reminds me of our glorious health minister hebrang ( xd ) :  i do n't lie , neither do i tell lies . 
  i just occasionally say untruths , which is much more decent . 
  i personally think that paramilitary crimes were not spontaneous , that the whole war was basically a sideshow for ethnic cleansing and the tigers and white eagles were simply meant to do the dirty job , especially considered that they were under rdb control . 
  our side kinda did the same thing with `` special forces '' and military police . 
  anyway , thank you for the answer . 
  discussions like these give me hope that maybe we wo n't have to go through the whole shabang one more time . 
  what 's your opinion on serb paramilitaries and what was happening in the city after the fall ? 
  how did you feel at the time ? 
  i do n't want this to erupt into a flame war or anything . 
  it 's just that i very rarely have the chance to hear the stories of those who participated in the war on the other side ( my dad and great uncle were in croatian army on the frontlines around gospi\u0107 ) . 
  better to have another cold war than to actually do something against isis , right ? 
  yeah , but it 's permanent . 
  i 'm not sure if we 're ready to have a full-fledged fbi . 
  a task force would be much easier to stomach . 
  [ expulsion of germans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_and_expulsion_of_germans_ ( 1944 % e2 % 80 % 9350 ) #yugoslavia ) was quite a nasty business too . 
  ww2 and its aftermath were pretty much more horrible than anything we can imagine . 
  srsly , never again . 
  jna column , never forget . 
  literally worse than srebrenica . 
  i guess just to make it easier for them to hunt terrorists , while not being slowed down by each national agency 's bureaucracy . 
  and once it 's over some other kind of terrorism will appear . 
  a century ago it was anarchists , then communists and fascists , then new left and palestinians and now islamists .
