  edi rama has been grilled on this many times . 
  okay . 
   serbia , russia , china , israel nice company . 
  let 's put it this way . 
  a slovene from slovenian carinthia has way more in common with a slovene from austrian carinthia than with a slovene from slovenian littoral . 
  albania wants kosovo ? 
  since when ? 
  every time that topic gets brought up , the answer of albanians is the same - they already have enough problems without bringing kosovo in . 
  which countries do you have great relations with ? 
  there are rather large cultural difference within croatia itself . 
  now imagine how an istrian , who feels like he has next to nothing in common with dalmatinian hinterland , feels about bosnians and especially herzegovinians . 
  okay , who else except turkey ? 
  albania ? 
  they do n't even want kosovo , i doubt they want a piece of greece . 
  r of m is too weak to be a threat and that wo n't change . 
  bulgaria ? 
  i 'm not at current with your relations , do you have issues with them too ? 
  or is it a matter of greek politics being , pardon my french , cunty so that you do n't have any country you have normal relations with ? 
  or are you simply paranoid ? 
  because i 've seen greek tv , i do n't even speak greek but the tone your speakers use always sounds like the sky is falling . 
  there is zero danger of macedonia taking one square centimeter of greece . 
  they do n't either have economy or army to do that , and if they did , greek macedonians would kick them out themselves . 
  would n't they ? 
  vmro government rejected them . 
  the last sdsm government was actually at the point where it was only about whether it 'd be `` upper republic of macedonia '' or `` republic of upper macedonia '' . 
  they 're willing to start again from there . 
  and we 're back to the square one . 
  they call themselves ethnic macedonians because they have no other name at this point . 
  you 'll answer they 're actually bulgarians , i 'll reply that it does n't matter because they do n't identify as bulgarians anymore , you 'll reply that they ca n't identify as macedonians because only greeks can be macedonians ... 
  they often use `` stubborn '' as an epithet for greeks . 
  now i know what they meant . 
  whichever way you put it r of m has no chance to last a week if a war with greece started , that 's why they wo n't start anything . 
  but yes , turkey is problematic , especially with gollum in charge . 
  i really hope eu will find a way how to deal with him . 
  the new government in skopje is willing to talk about use of a qualificator before the word macedonia . 
  it 's clear that abandoning the name macedonia is out of the queation , so why not accept that compromise and repeat once again that the border between the two countries is settled forever ? 
  they started calling themselves after a region named after an ancient greek tribe which , btw , does n't exist anymore . 
  i 'm istrian , i call myself istrian after a region named after an ancient illyrian tribe . 
  i 'm not illyrian and i 'm definitely not albanian . 
  should i stop calling myself istrian then ? 
  you are aware that nationalist russians claim cossacks for themselves , right ? 
  as for vmro , they need to be banned . 
  and as for army , it does n't need to be used offensively . 
  i think 70 000 men under arms on your northern border are enough of a deterrent that skopje would n't dare to try anything . 
  there is no danger of them stiring up a rebellion because greek macedonians feel strongly greek . 
  and , did n't macedonia already sign a treaty renouncing all territorial claims ? 
  you can do it the civilized way and take vmro to court . 
  well , it 's used for things that matter obviously , 
  i guess because uk insisted you have to use `` republic of '' before `` ireland '' . 
  but the deleted guy picked a horrible example . 
  but they did n't start calling themselves greeks . 
  they started calling themselves after the region they lived in , because during those 1300 years the geographical definition of macedonia changed . 
   yes because there is no ukrainian nation . 
  that nation is made of russians and poles that happen to live in a part of ukraine . 
   ~ ~ because they are russians living in ukraine . 
  ethnically russians . 
  not ukrainians in an ethnic context . ~ ~ ( edit : disregard this , misread your post ) do you realize what youre doing ? 
   because that implies a certain historical linage that can be used as fuel in order to initiate events that do n't advance the cause of stability or security in the region . 
  that 's what international treaties and armies are for . 
   that does n't make bulgarians a new people . 
  this is like saying that ottoman greeks stopped being greek and became something else because the ottomans renamed some regions . 
  if by consequence they stopped identifying as greeks , then they would n't be greeks anymore and you ca n't do anything about it . 
  otherwise you 're doing the same thing as russians who deny ukrainian nationhood because they were all once rus ' . 
  like i said , i absolutely do n't support them claiming the heritage of ancient macedonia . 
  that needs to stop , and those statues need to be removed . 
  but you went further than that and claimed they as a nation were just an invention of a bunch of nationalist crazies 20 years ago . 
  also , there is a bunch of bulgarians in and around blagoevgrad who call their region pirin macedonia and regionally identify as macedonians . 
  how come you do n't complain about them ? 
  the last paragraph is not true , and even if it were , that does n't change the fact that there now exists close to two million people who call themselves macedonians in ethnic sense and wo n't accept any other name . 
  ethnic groups are not something fixed , they form and dissolve . 
  i imagine it 's not as obvious to greeks , but 500 years ago there were no slovenes . 
  does that mean they do n't exist now either ? 
  irredentism and territorial disputes are completely another thing . 
  yeah , i know . 
  but it also proves that at least at that point in time the greekness of macedonians was controversial . 
  but do n't get me wrong , he is a crucial part of greek history and has absolutely nothing to do with contemporary r of m. 
  well , demosthenes called him a barbarian ... 
  okay , i can get behind that . 
  but keep in mind the policy of stealing history ( antiquization ) was promulgated by vmro-dpmne , who are more a criminal cartel than a political party and who are - thankfully - out of government right now . 
  sdsm was always rather willing to accomodate greek demands , and they were pretty close to a compromise eleven years ago , when vmro took over and everything went to shit . 
  macedonia has some soul-searching to do ( as any new nation-state , btw ) , but to deny their right to exist helps nobody . 
   rightfully  justly by what right and what justice ? 
  they are neither serbs , nor greeks , nor bulgarians anymore ( if they ever really were ) . 
  they are their own nation now , and have the right to self-determination as any other nation . 
  student political organizations arewithout exception far-left . 
  the official student union has no orientation except corruption . 
  i think all the black people in my city of 100 000 people can be counted on fingers of one hand . 
  there actually is no hate towards blacks , more like ignorance . 
  of course , some people pick up dumb stereotypes from tv , but they do n't hold them seriously . 
  blacks are simply a non-issue . 
  gypsies , on the other hand ... 
  yes , people do hate them , yes , the hate is not completely unfounded , and i still do n't think it 's okay . 
  even when some of them try to integrate they get rebuffed simply for being gypsies . 
  it 's dumb , and it 's counter-productive . 
  well they told me i sound like \u017di\u017eek without lisp . 
  i did n't take it as a compliment . 
  tfw i learned how to use hence/thence/whence from assassin 's creed black flag . 
  almost nothing . 
  some words ( mostly south slavisms ) fell out of use , as well as pluperfect tense , but a text from 1917 would need only minor changes to seem as if it was written today . 
  alamut is awesome , but my favorite is definitely viso\u0161ka kronika ( the chronicle of visoko ) by ivan tav\u010dar .
