  slovenian gangs , yes , scary guys , always driving around in their rusty subarus while blasting polka on full volume . 
  the one that 's listed as the oldest ( kongo gumi ) was actually acquired and liquidated in 2006 . 
  so yeah , proceed with caution . 
  lady austria is so cute \u2764, 
  i used to feel the same way , but after i moved three times in two years i realized how illusory that connection is . 
  a person does n't really bond with his `` homeland '' but with the place where he lives . 
  it was a weird feeling at first to walk on the streets of the town i grew up in and feel like a tourist , but i came to accept it . 
  so yeah , it 's best to make your place of residence your spiritual home as well . 
  that way a lot of tensions can be avoided . 
  well , yes . 
  is that estonia 's problem ? 
  you 're on the verge of depression , i actually slit my wrists . 
  i went to school in a completely different town than the hicksville my parents found work in , and mine and their hours were such that i often basically could n't see them for days . 
  i really do understand your situation , but it can be overcome . 
  look , i 'm familiar with your story . 
  but although me and my family ( sadly not all of them ) could easily fall into the trap of associating only with other croatians/serbians/bosnians / macedonians , we deliberately decided not to do so , in order to stop sticking out as soon as possible . 
  we did n't cut ties with other southerners , but we all immediately took lessons in slovenian , stopped watching croatian tv and reading croatian books until our slovenian did n't become acceptably good , and purposefully sought out slovenian acquaintancies and friends . 
  people laughed at our mistakes but also usually corrected them , and we made the best of our embarrassment . 
  yes , it 's difficult . 
  yes , we were sometimes insanely lonely . 
  yes , people sometimes insulted us and destroyed our property for being of the wrong nationality . 
  and yes , giving up and returning to croatia crossed our minds countless times . 
  but we endured and did what had to be done . 
  now i have slovenian citizenship , my accent almost disappeared ( only professional musicians recognize it ) and i feel as much at home in slovenia as in croatia , if not more . 
  it 's not about luck , it 's about hard work and sacrifices . 
  it 's up to the particular country to determine what 's a national minority and what is n't . 
  usa has no official language , so it does n't count . 
  home is where your address is . 
  there is a croatian proverb : ne pljuj u bunar iz kojega pije\u0161 ( do n't spit into the well you drink from ) . 
  i do n't know if it 's majority or not , but those who refuse to at least outwardly assimilate really grind my gears because they give * me * a bad name . 
  a brainwashed russian does something . 
  police checks if he 's citizen . 
  if he 's not , kick him across the border . 
  if he is , find an irregularity in his naturalization process , revoke his citizenship and kick him across the border . 
  problem solved . 
  1 ) well here the requirement is five years of uninterrupted residence . 
  but the requirement for getting a work permit for a stranger is knowledge of slovenian language , which in essence forces you to learn it . 
  ( and i , personally , would expel anyone who lives more than five years here and did n't master the language yet . 
  i 'm an immigrant , btw . ), 
  2 ) since when is a national minority exempted from having to learn the official language ? 
  or maybe they could just go the fuck back to russia if they do n't like estonians and wo n't learn the language and consume estonian media . 
   12 % of latvians have no citizenship at all  latvians, 
  the basic duty of a permanent resident is to speak the official language of his country . 
  why would there be ? 
  what a funny coincidence , that 's roughly the size of russian minority in those states . 
  every year , apparently . 
  for example , you guys were the enemy no . 
  ( why ? ), 
  for those who ca n't russian : top 10 best friends 1 . 
  belarus - 46 % 2 . 
  china - 39 % 3 . 
  india - 14 % 6 . 
  armenia - 12 % 7 . 
  azerbaijan - 9 % top 10 worst enemies 1 . 
  usa - 69 % 2 . 
  ukraine - 50 % 3 . 
  germany - 24 % 4 . 
  lithuania - 24 % 6 . 
  poland - 21 % 7 . 
  estonia - 16 % 8 . 
  georgia - 9 % 10 . 
  france - 8 %, 
  if we 're talking ancient greek , yes . 
  modern greek transliterates to `` f '' . 
  i 'm so so glad we do n't have to deal with that here on the sunny side of the alps . 
  we were liberated by our own guys anyway , and we are as grateful for russian help as russians are grateful for western help ( read : not grateful at all ) . 
  muh constitution by the way , do n't you have national guard ? 
  rightful german clay . 
  fuzbal in slovenia , cos we 're so very german . 
  croatia calls it just nogomet tho . 
  just because they 're scum does n't mean they 're wrong . 
  and befriending the country that 's not only as regressive as saudi arabia , but also sponsors hamas and hezbollah and performs terrorist attacks itself ? 
  no way that could backfire . 
  you guys have no idea what you 're talking about , have you ? 
  they still had their cakes . 
  that 's what happens if you have a dictator long enough , people get used to him . 
  finland disagrees . 
  she 's trying to pull a macron but just came off douchy . 
  uk is leaving . 
  my guess : * all three politicians under 30 % with putin marginally better than the other two . 
  * roughly like hungary regarding popularity of eu . 
  * 60-65 % west , 15-20 % in between , 3-4 % east * ~ 30 % should not help nato allies , ~ 50 % should help . 
  and that 's exactly what this video shows . 
  germanic , romance and slavic languages , who have a lot of common features , are all indo-european languages . 
  non-indo-european languages lack those features . 
  the only outliers are hungarians , who are heavily indo-europeanized , and celtic peoples who are basically elves anyway . 
  europe calls on muslims to observe ramadan if that 's their thing and have fun on eid ul fitr . 
  that 's what they say for westerners on a guilt trip . 
  somebody stole the rims from that smart . 
  for those who do n't speak croatian , the old guy , after the car crash-landed , pulled another smoke and said `` this interrupts us . '', 
  it 's almost like language families are a thing !, 
  battle of covadonga , the official start of reconquista . 
  burn , right ? 
  i do n't give a fuck who he is , tell me what he did and what he intends to do . 
  a genuine hero and pretty damn good poet as well . 
  removing kebab is cool at least since 722ad . 
  macron is playing a dangerous game . 
  on one hand , he 's saying what most of french people ( and europeans in general ) want to hear . 
  on the other , he 's kicking up expectations . 
  if he continues like this , even his successes will look like failures .
