  i know a guy that has two diplomas : law and economics . 
  he 's pretty ruthless . 
  no , just lizard . 
  lol, 
  so much hypocrisy , it burns . 
  you measure rakija in grams ? 
  of course that is an actual subreddit . 
  did they wage a war of aggression ? 
  did they massacre civilians and destroy cultural heritage everywhere they went ? 
  did they participate in slave trade ? 
  this work explores the relationship between the military-industrial complex and life as performance . 
  with influences as diverse as kierkegaard and andy warhol , new synergies are distilled from both explicit and implicit textures . 
  what fascinates is the ephemeral nature of the zeitgeist . 
  what starts out as triumph soon becomes debased into a manifesto of futility , leaving only a sense of nihilism and the dawn of a new order . 
  as temporal phenomena become frozen through diligent and repetitive practice , the viewer is left with an insight into the possibilities of our culture . 
  ( [ sauce ] ( http://www.artybollocks.com ) , slighty edited ), 
  when your war goal is ethnic cleansing , yes . 
  would you live next door to a * canadian * ? 
  it means you w\u00f6rk like a german , get paid like a spaniard , party like an austrian , drink like a russian and commit suicide like a finn . 
  you still have n't proved that anyone actually used za dom as a cry or salute before usta\u0161e . 
  not . 
  salute . 
   [ better source needed ] the link on wikipedia leads to an article on some obscure right-wing portal about how a court in knin decided that za dom spremni is an ancient salute . 
  i piss on croatian court decisions . 
  a croatian court also decided that sticking a finger up someone 's ass is equivalent to a handshake . 
  i 'm pretty sure serbian guard was dra\u0161kovi\u0107 's , not white eagles . 
  not as a salute . 
  it was used as as ( fictional ) battle cry or random phrase ( * `` za veru umriti i za dom veljahu '' * is what was written in that 1680 's work . 
  context matters ) . 
  only usta\u0161e were ever greeting each other that way . 
  and while we are at it , please go to germany and start greeting people with `` heil '' , and make sure to explain to them that the word existed before nazis . 
  well , he was the boss of white eagles , was n't he ? 
  i 'd say he 's responsible at least for anything they committed ( vo\u0107in , for example ) . 
  also , julius streicher was hanged in n\u00fcrnberg for hate propaganda . 
  bullshit , it was usta\u0161e who first used it as salute . 
  croatia , 1991 - plitvice lakes incident . 
  a raid by croatian special police intended to arrest serb rebels who took control of the national park goes awry . 
  policemen run into an ambush and in subsequent shootouts each side had one person kia . 
  the incident is usually considered the beginning of yugoslav wars . 
  slavic man strong like a wolf . 
  who needs clothes to bring glory to motherland . 
  nope , it was n't colourful enough . 
  genocide denial is for amateurs . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.bosnianpyramids.org/ ) is pro . 
  turkey , congrats . 
  you 've reached balkanic level of distorting history . 
  we declare you honorary members of the glorious balkans community of nations . 
  your tracksuit with four stripes awaits you on the belgrade bus station . 
  co-sign . 
  i have nothing but contempt for those slovenians who preach some kind of a-h nostalgia . 
  we were a fucking colony , a market for cheap products and source for cheap workforce . 
  or croats who now talk about how hungary was always croatia 's best friend and ally . 
  yeah , let 's just forget magyarization , khuen-h\u00e9derv\u00e1ry and attempts at revoking croatia 's autonomy . 
  that 's all chill . 
  at least they were n't serbs . 
  odd . 
  from what i heard , he was very much under the influence of galician and czech lobby , so much that he started considering himself a hobby ukrainian . 
  which made him even less popular among aristocratic circle . 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, 
  nothing changed , we of bitter and miserable , we shoot krokodil to kill the pain and commit suicide when ca n't squat no more . 
  ( dude , play along . 
  one of the best things that came on tv last year was a refugee that when asked if he would stay in slovenia answered `` no , no . 
  no lenin , no stalin , go to hell '' . ), 
  because samsung used to produce noodles . 
  you can do all of that and still hate it , and then hate yourself for participating . 
  we very poor , ugly , much concrete and communism . 
  we stand in lines for bread and drive lada . 
  you wo n't be happy here . 
  go away . 
  i was n't aware brussels is in qatar . 
  the great powers at the time of wwi were collectively run by complete morons . 
  [ montenegro . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unoh1qtcyd8 ) simply hardcore . 
  plus i really like that they chose a folk song for national anthem . 
  but if stateless peoples count , [ the winner are romani with no contest ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcuv9w0virc ) . 
  dinner at 18.00 ? 
  wow , holy shit , i do n't remember ever eating it before 20.00 . 
  what do you do if you get hungry before sleeping ? 
  found the stem, 
  you no speak truth . 
  [ krag ] ( http://www.vecernji.hr/media/slika/25/124531.jpg ) be strongest and best . 
   ypg is a first-concern threat because we have been and we are being attacked by them ( pkk ) more and worse than isis who are a secondary problem for the time being yup , that 's exactly why you 're in such a bad light . 
  ypg are perceived as the only efficient military force that 's actually fighting isis . 
  erdogan considers them one and the same as pkk and therefore his enemy , which kinda puts him and isis on the same side . 
  at least it got perceived that way . 
  since isis is a good candidate for being the worst thing since khmer rouge , people got pissed off . 
  and do n't get me wrong , even if i agree that turkey has every right to uphold its sovereignty , i 'm still very much against its foreign policy . 
  guardian actually published a sane opinion piece ? 
  this is not happening . 
  i must be dreaming . 
  you have every right to retaliate . 
  i mean , that 's kinda the point of being a country . 
  you ca n't just let people walk around , shoot other people or blow stuff up ( although it seems the guardian advocates just that ) . 
  three kurdish presidents , one georgian ... did turkey ever have a turkish president ? 
  how did he react ? 
  right now everybody in ex-yugoslavia is engaged in pissing contest about who was bigger victim , hoping that whoever is the wins gets a free pass to be an asshole . 
  we are behaving just like tumblrinas . 
  and the guys who did that got convicted . 
  more like five . 
  the schuman declaration was laid forward in 1950 already .
