  not be devalued or deregulated . 
  disappear . 
  why would anyone pay a higher salary to you if you were willing to accept lower ? 
  why not ? 
  abolish minimum wage , social security and pensions , ban trade unions and we can become competitive again overnight . 
  the only real question is , are we willing to pay such a price ? 
  edit : since i 'm getting downvoted and karma is the most important thing after air , let me get something clear : i do n't support such measures , i 'm a bit left of center when it comes to economic policies . 
  i do n't know about other eastern block countries , but taxes in yugoslavia were quite lower than they are now in slovenia or croatia . 
  just like they did in germany and japan !, 
  time to fix this anomaly , right ? 
  one of the best cartoon scenes ever made . 
  i think of it every time i have to get some paperwork done . 
  it 's so realistic . 
  [ warning : extremist muslim ] ( http://m9.i.pbase.com/g4/54/14154/2/143920349.kcwy0xd3.jpg ), 
  i liked jat as a name . 
  short , recognizable , not as generic as air serbia and sounds kinda like `` jato '' ( flock of birds ) . 
  it was always possible to just say , oh , it meant yugoslavian avio transport but now it does n't really mean anything . 
  on the other hand , your national press agency is still called tanjug ( telegraphic agency of the new yugoslavia ) . 
  are there any plans to change that name too ? 
  `` young serbia '' ? 
  aw gawd . 
  meanwhile , finland is sinking lower and lower into its bottomless pit of despair ... 
  welcome to omsk . 
  georgia : home of the dictators, 
  everybody already knows it and still nobody cares . 
  you do n't refute that much money . 
  you mean our army is actually doing something useful ? 
  well i 'll be damned . 
  off-topic , but what i love about romanian is that you have those random slavic words that mean something completely different . 
  i mean , * razboj * today means loom in serbian and croatian ( second world loom , lol ) . 
  or even better , * r\u0103zboinic * is warrior in romanian , while * razbojnik * is outlaw in serbian/croatian xd fuck it , i 'm gon na learn romanian . 
  ah , there was always some kind of drama surrounding bosnia ever since 1908 . 
  yeah , mostly it was n't your fault , but still , that drama caused ww1 and all that came after it ... 
  we did n't do too bad either , but since the annexation of bosnia it 's been a long , uninterrupted stream of shit hitting the fan . 
  so , no bosnia this time . 
  good decision . 
  why does that matter ? 
  slovenia is even less urbanized than romania and we are doing just fine . 
  one of the last true intellectual giants . 
  have you seen what current croatian government looks like ? 
  if you have n't , good . 
  do n't . 
  i feel you bro . 
  i 'm croatian , and apparently about half of croatians belong to diaspora . 
  people are still moving out of country en masse . 
  although a lot of bosnians migrate to croatia so it 's all good : /, 
  transnistria accounts for a lot of that population loss tho . 
  three days ago : [ why serbia is strengthening its alliance with russia ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/460hiy/why_serbia_is_strengthening_its_alliance_with/?ref=search_posts ) . 
  the suggestion also was n't that they were wealthy because of eu . 
  let 's be realistic , eu was made by wealthy countries so that they would n't squander their wealth in wars , but increase it through cooperation . 
  for quite a while it worked perfectly well . 
  he has more than one wife ? 
  i ca n't even imagine what a country that lost half of its population would look like . 
  this discussion is surreal . 
  5/10 by total gdp are also the 5 largest countries by population . 
  7/10 by gdp per capita are gulf oil states and norway, 
  l\u00f6yland scottish accent best accent !, 
  they 'll need a month to choose which nation to piss off . 
  except intolerance for intolerance . 
  nooooo stay pls , we have potatoes . 
  okay , whatever they were . 
  bulgaria says they were bulgarians , macedonia says they were macedonians , and actual vmro fighters are all dead so we ca n't ask them . 
  it 's dumb . 
  apparently someone , somewhere , sometime way back , noticed that skadar is a strongly catholic town and started calling all the catholics skadarians ( what an inventive insult ) . 
  then , when croatian identity formed around catholic religion , it became an insult for croats . 
  no probs . 
  you mean the guy who wrote the introduction ? 
  well just do n't read the introduction then . 
  the only author of the book itself , jo\u017ee pirjevec , is a slovene from trieste , why would he want to revise the history of chetniks ? 
   also isis despite what we are told enjoys enormous support from the locals , are they legitimate ? 
  at the end of the day international recognition is more important than local . 
  actually after i sent that post i was thinking about the isis case and ... fuck it , they are legit . 
  not only a legit armed group , but a legit state . 
  it does n't matter if they get international recognition or not . 
  somaliland is recognized by absolutely no one , but it 's a functioning state which will have to be taken into account one way or another in any settlement of somalian war . 
  just like isis . 
  but even if they are legit , they 're still our enemies and they still need to go . 
  sorry for godwin , but hitler was a democratically elected leader of an internationally recognized state . 
  that did n't stop the rest of the world from toppling his regime and destroying his state . 
  i do n't see why should isis be any different . 
  same with pkk . 
  even if they 're a legit force , they are at war with turkey and turkey has the right to try and bring them down . 
  i have to disagree . 
  i think that legitimacy for insurgents is given by the people in the area they are active in , and which can be `` measured '' by the amount of popular support for them . 
  even if they 're functioning as an extended arm of some other force . 
  partisans in ww2 , vietcong and , fuck it , even pkk right now are getting support from the people they claim they are fighting for , which makes them legitimate . 
  malayan insurgents or che guevara in bolivia did n't get such support , therefore they were n't legitimate ( which is also why they failed ) . 
  although that 's just , like , my opinion , man . 
   `` preparing an uprising '' against soviet 's will sounds to me , sry for saying that , as a example of tito 's communist propaganda . 
  but it 's true . 
  [ check this book out . 
  ] ( http://mozaik-knjiga.hr/knjige/tito-i-drugovi/ ) my yugonostalgic grandparents got mad because they found it anti-tito , slovenian right wing got mad because they found it pro-tito , my colleagues who study history think it 's a well-written and well-researched work . 
  it 's translated into croatian , do n't worry . 
  as for the april war/nob dichotomy , yeah it could be read that way , but i maintain that if you read the old encyclopedia articles and history textbooks ( sadly i have none of them at hand atm ) you 'll find that they were even back then considered two campaigns of the same conflict . 
  and it would n't be the first time a part of a x war is called y war . 
  i mean , not even russians consider the great patriotic war a separate conflict . 
  my personal opinion is that it was all a single front of ww2 in three phases : * blitzkrieg from april 6th to april 17th 1941 , which ended with yugoslavia 's capitulation and dismemberment , * intermediate phase from april 17th to june 22nd 1941 characterized by local unorganized resistance and formation of chetniks , * from june 22nd 1941 to may 15th 1945 , called the people 's liberation struggle , where the communists started an open armed uprising against occupiers , their local allies and , eventually , chetniks ( who , instead of being a proper resistance movement , played a strange , wishy-washy role ) , and which ended with last axis forces surrendering in bleiburg . 
  as for communists fighting royalists had n't germans arrived ... that 's too big of a `` what if '' to be relevant . 
  and what makes insurgencies illegitimate ? 
  you either have a very poor grasp on history or you 're trolling .
