  read a history book once in a while . 
  it definitely is n't in istria . 
  our cops are very ticket-happy . 
  say what you want about national socialism , but at least it 's an ethos . 
  1920 , and poland only remained independent because soviet generals had a hissy fit at one another at the doors of warsaw . 
  if that 's okay with you , honey . 
  sounds communist , they also needed education to understand the thoughts of their dear leader . 
  are you communist ? 
  from what i heard about how prisons work , at least in slovenia the prisoners ' code of honour does n't protect those who harmed kids in any way . 
  trump has some positions ? 
  from what i heard , he says one thing and then something completely opposite in the same breath . 
  that would be a great solution , the only problem is that whoever is building settlements makes it impossible . 
  it 's beyond me what could be the rationale for that except clay grab . 
  the way it goes , the solution will have to be final for either palestinians or israelis ( and let 's be realistic , it 's palestinians who will disappear ) . 
  okay . 
  you want protectionism , you can get it , but i 'd extremely enjoy if that meant we put some serious tariffs on american music , films , software and all that . 
  well , it kinda works for belgium . 
  where ? 
  tell me one place on earth where you would n't have to settle on someone else 's land . 
  no , you should leave france because you have a homeland at the expense of celts . 
  you political romantics are something else . 
  clay belongs to whomever manages to steal it and prevent it from being stolen further . 
  no shit ? 
  that 's what species do , they go extinct . 
  but only from 1929 to 1941 , way too briefly for the name to catch on . 
  since 1945 it 's been macedonia . 
  in fact , greece should 've brought the topic up between 1948 and 1956 , when tito was almost at war with moscow and would have done anything to ingratiate himself to the west . 
  i fear it 's too late now . 
   vardarska i 'm not really sure why do you consider that name acceptable if macedonia is so out of the question . 
  vardar/axios flows into aegean sea in greece , right ? 
  if you think the name macedonia gives them a claim on whole macedonia , then the name vardarska gives them a claim on whole axios basin . 
  so , when are you getting politicians with balls and invading ? 
  it 's coming close to 25 years without a war in the area , it 's getting boring . 
  \\ #plead the godwin \\ #party pooper \\ #no sense of humour  shame to his flair, 
  of course it is , but you know how it works . 
  a native robs a kiosk - damn criminal . 
  an immigrant robs a kiosk - damn immigrant . 
  wait until ukrainians become a visible minority . 
   assuming that slovenia is confused for sweden . 
  it 's 16:50 here and i 'm drinking my fourth cup right now . 
  i took it easy today , i have a bit of a headache . 
  i know quite a few people who drink as much coffee as me , so i would n't be surprised if the list is right . 
   i think fyrom technically holds a claim on the greek province of macedonia republic of macedonia/fyrom , as a state , explicitly renounced all territorial claims when it signed the interim accord with greece in 1995 . 
  macedonian irredentist movements are , of course , a whole different story . 
  there are actually three hamlets in the contested area in istria , as well as [ this guy ] ( http://www.mladina.si/media/www/slike.old/clanki/200632/profil-josko_joras_z_zastavami_display.jpg ) who specifically moved there in order to claim the land for slovenia . 
  but yeah , of course it 's not anywhere close to the magnitude of donbass or abkhazia . 
  s i s u i i s s u u, 
   i want my children to grow up in the real world . 
  this is not the real world . 
  now that 's where you 're wrong , 'cause that 's exactly what this is . 
  yeah ? 
  then explain to me why is there such an abundance of articles and blog posts trying to convince anyone who cares that they 're african * too * . 
  it means somebody that africans do n't consider african and europeans do n't consider european . 
  it means a darkly amusing side-effect of colonialism . 
  sorry , i ca n't imagine it . 
  central-eastern europe 's been inside the eu for thirteen years now and we 're still just a source for cheap labor and a market for shitty products nobody in the west would buy . 
  yeah , we are getting richer , but it does n't seem to me we are closing the gap between us and the first world . 
  and ukraine is shittier than us in almost every respect . 
   i do n't see how killing more people would make the war last shorter . 
  you can have a war that lasts six months , kills 20 000 people and ends with clear victory for one side . 
  or you can have a quagmire that lasts ten years , kills 10 000 people and ultimately becomes an unsolved frozen conflict . 
  get it now ? 
   that was even worse . 
  was that my point or abidasiii 's ? 
   on the other hand , i also noticed some poles foaming at the mouth at the mention of forced polonization and ethnic cleansing . 
  `` that does n't matter !, 
  they were worse ! '', 
  you know , slovenes willingly fighting on nazi side were at best suicidal , considering germans kinda wanted to empty the land of slovenes and resettle it with pure aryans . 
  so i have zero sympathy for our collaborationists . 
  if their side won , we would n't exist today . 
  since soviets in baltic states played the same role as nazis here , i kinda understand baltic collaborationists ' point of view . 
  land size , population , economy , military , in short - power . 
   by your logic all nations in europe are small and have no choice . 
  if any of them gets grabbed by a bigger nation the rest will just be saying this is the destiny of all the small nations . 
  and that 's exactly the reason why i support the eu . 
  small nations do n't get to choose their side . 
  that 's how it has always worked . 
  this would be by far the best outcome , so it wo n't happen . 
   how interesting considering the recent developments in the eu . 
  what , with macron and merkel liking each other ? 
  so why did kremlin support le pen and afd then ? 
  and when ever was eu anything else than axis berlin-paris with satellite states ? 
   the united kingdom should be cut off from europe . 
  this , on the other hand , succeeded fantastically . 
   inhumane war is inhumane by default . 
  my relatives who have been in a war 25 years ago all agreed that it would be better if war in ex-yugoslavia ended quicker , even if it meant it would be bloodier . 
  seriously ? 
  who gives a fuck about ukrainians , belarussians , armenians , kazakhs and all the other nations that fought in the soviet army , right ? 
  yes and no . 
  the most collectivist countries in europe are also those that would have the easiest time surviving the fall of the government ( and some , like albania or montenegro , actually went without any serious government for quite long stretches of their history ) . 
  that 's because the collective works as a safety net for every individual belonging to it . 
  the more `` collectivist '' societies - or , to say it harshly but not completely innacurately , clan / tribe based ones - have the family , clan or tribe as the basic unit for the safety net . 
  those are rather tight groups of people , where blood relations and conformism plays a huge role in everyday life . 
  those that are more `` individualist '' devolved their safety net to a much higher level , the government , which is way too distant from every individual to influence his life in such a manner . 
  for example , in a strongly collectivist society you can always rely on your extended family or neighbours to sustain you if you fall on hard times - basically , you 'll have no need for state assistance . 
  but you must conform to their expectations and present yourself in a way they consider acceptable . 
  in an individualist society with a state , nobody gives a damn about what you do or how you do your thing as long as you do n't break any laws , but you wo n't be able to ask anyone except the state for assistance . 
  ( i 'm not really happy with how this post turned out , but i did n't sleep tonight and my english accordingly went to crap . ), 
  i 'm just saying what * his * point was . 
  calm down .
