  i 'm asking because , apparently , alpine slavs ( from which slovenes evolved ) enslaved the native population , which kinda facilitates assimilation ( and makes the immigrants/conquerors look like assholes , from today 's perspective naturally ) . 
  can confirm . 
  slovenian used to be regarded as a shitty regional language good only for kitchen talk , and it was slowly moving towards extinction until the first half of 19th century . 
  german was just so much more expressive and useful ; business , culture and education were all in german . 
  flash forward 150 years and slovenian is a highly developed language with a rich literary tradition and official status . 
  where there 's a will , there 's a way . 
  irish football fans . 
  this translation is neither poetic nor accurate . 
  i do n't give a fuck , we are only a bus stop and we 're too small to make a real difference in eu policies anyway . 
  ask the big guys , they 're the destination . 
  where i 'm from we do it with grappa and call it corretto . 
  i 've got to the point that i need to drink coffee before sleeping , otherwise jonesing keeps me awake . 
  phosphoric acid disagrees . 
  i 'm pretty sure i kick our average up by at least half a kilo . 
   there was no war since ww1 were this worked . 
  india vs. pakistan ii , iraq vs. iran , ethiopia vs. eritrea . 
  in fact , it seems that in contemporary conventional warfare two forces of roughly the same size with comparably modern equipment get bogged down into trenches almost at the border . 
  since when does russian inferiority complex need a trigger ? 
  no need for that , we 'll gladly ~ ~ confiscate ~ ~ freeze their assets . 
  as soon as war in syria ends and refugees go back home . 
  working-from-home jobs are also gaining in popularity . 
   i wonder what 's going on in russia . 
  just their usual cycle of self-destruction . 
  you actually thought you 'd retire someday ? 
  ah , yes , good ol' red scare , reusable , efficient even decades after first use . 
  tankies ? 
  maybe a flight from the cities will occur . 
  i personally do plan moving to the countryside as soon as i do n't need to be inside the city all the time because of career . 
  i 'm always asking myself , is there a possibility that everybody eventually dies off except people who haveat least 2,1 kids . 
  because yeah , otherwise we 'll go extinct . 
  in russia ? 
  just like good old days . 
  my dad often tells the story of how he watched a group of policemen beat some youngsters to a pulp for sitting on a wall during the night . 
  he could n't do anything , he was guarding his factory and if he intervened they 'd beat , arrest and beat him again too , plus he 'd lose his job for abandoning his post . 
  old people tend to die . 
  unless we completely stop having kids , sooner or later our population will stabilize and we 'll have a stationary demographic pyramid . 
  alternatively , we can watch universe 25 happening in real life . 
  absolute catastrophes are always fun to watch . 
   brain drain is n't a problem because migrants send their money back home instead of spending it in the local economy . 
  considering me and my family are a part of the brain drain , this one is super ridiculous because we sent fuck all of the money we earned in slovenia back to croatia . 
  all the money we have there is from managing the property we have left behind . 
  i do n't know what to think about this . 
  on one hand , we will need less people in the future , on the other , empty clay was always up for grabs . 
  did anyone in denmark think about abandoning landmines and just tactically positioning lego bricks ? 
  well no , because of low tech stats . 
  but if i were n't so used to today 's tech , i guess it would depend on whether i 'd be a slave . 
  oh , yeah , i absolutely would n't like to live during dominate . 
  that shit was oversized eritrea . 
  i have a soft spot for roman empire though . 
  toga needs to become trendy again . 
  young heeeearts be freeee tonight, 
  of course that 's the name . 
   russian war propaganda  article from 2009 at least do n't make a fool out of yourself . 
  suit yourself . 
  i deliberately chose a ukrainian source that busts the soviet myths of partisans in ukraine being a force of few hundred thousand men , but , as i said , i understand why even that is not revisionist enough for you . 
  i 'm not a fan of either side 's propaganda in that war of yours , so i 'll just stick to trusting more to sourced articles than opinions of some anon who shills on reddit on who knows whose account . 
  good luck . 
  you 'll never convince me that \u0440\u0430\u0434\u044f\u043d\u0441\u044c\u043a\u0456 \u043f\u0430\u0440\u0442\u0438\u0437\u0430\u043d\u0438 translates to russian soldiers . 
  yeah , that does sound like something nazis would do . 
  ] ( http://ukrzurnal.eu/ukr.archive.html/336/ ) that 's , if my math does n't fail me , dozens of thousands . 
  my point still stands . 
  soviet partisans in ukraine were n't exactly a negligible force , and somebody had to give them aid and shelter . 
  i mean , it 's ww2 we 're talking about , nothing was simple and clear-cut back then . 
  look , i understand you . 
  you have a war with russia and your own propaganda campaign to wage , so naturally you 'll underplay the number of pro-soviet partisans ( although you did n't need to go to such ridiculous extent ) . 
  we did the same thing in croatia back in the 90 's . 
  now i ask you to understand me , that i 'm not directly involved in your war and that you do n't need to fabricate history to have my support , alright ? 
  that 's why i did n't say hundreds of thousands . 
  what 's exactly the definition of empire used for this map ? 
  nah , both belarus and ukraine had dozens of thousands of red partisans ( belarus more than ukraine ) , so ussr clearly had some popular support . 
  also i doubt many people in belarus yearned for nazis to stay after they offed every fourth inhabitant and razed pretty much all cities . 
  so , can we just at least fucking agree that red army was a good guy for russians , belarussians and a part of ukrainians ? 
  arround the world , arround the world \u266a, 
  ( o_o ) ( o_o ), 
   the fireman 's ball ( 1967 ) , but due to having amateur actors and requiring some historical background it might be little bit harder to get into dude , that movie almost made me piss my pants , and i was n't thinking about politics one second while watching it . 
  because the firemen 's balls in central european backwoods really do look like that . 
  the organization is usually really that shitty , people get really that drunk , random shit does get stolen and pretty girls never participate at beauty contests . 
  i know this movie works as a political satire , but you can easily watch it as a slice-of-life comedy too . 
  that 's what makes it so great imo . 
  and my english is apparently already asleep . 
  goodnite . 
  the question is `` which politicians do a good job for their country ? '', 
  it has nothing to do with approval or disapproval . 
  are you from rijeka ? 
  pertaining to [ dinaric alps ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dinaric_alps#/media/file:dinaric_alps_subdivisions-fr.svg ) . 
  dinaric vegetation , dinaric karst , dinaric people . 
  i do n't trust slovenian inspectors at all . 
  i 've seen way too many occasions on which they colluded with the businesses they were supposed to inspect . 
  also , shit like this  the slovenian administration for food safety claims that it has no authority over performing such research on the food quality that comparable institutions in slovakia and hungary have carried out . 
  does n't really give me much confidence . 
  username checks out . 
  it 's not even that proposed amendments are islamist . 
  they 're straight up dictatorial . 
   the powers of parliament to scrutinize ministers and hold the government to account , as well as granting ministers the power to issue decrees regarding certain matters , are abolished . 
   parliament now detects cabinet and vice president with parliamentary research , parliamentary investigation , general discussion and written question . 
  interpellation is abolished and replaced with parliamentary investigation . 
  vp needs to answer written questions within 15 days . 
   the president becomes both the head of state and head of government , with the power to appoint and sack ministers and vp . 
  the president can issue decrees about executive . 
  if legislation makes a law about the same topic that president issued an executive order , decree will become invalid and parliamentary law become valid .
