  he 's basically on the level of adolf eichmann in how little human life means to him . 
   during the same visit to the east end , asked a professional fundraiser `` do you have any friends left ? '', 
  i like this guy . 
  nobody ever gets `` verboten '' wrong . 
  in other words , it would take a while . 
   you simply can not underestimate how horribly russians suffered . 
  nobody outside ukraine would complain about crimea if the referendum was n't held at gunpoint . 
  this way those `` democratic values '' are just apologism for russian imperialism , and you 're doing that constantly . 
  you live in the us , vanya ? 
  well go to russia if you love it so much , they have a bit of a demographic disaster at the moment . 
  how 's weather in piter , vanya ? 
  he was n't . 
  karlo \u0160tajner was the first ( he wrote his book already in 1958 , but for political reasons it was n't published until 1972 ) . 
  it 's not as stylish as solzhenitsyn , but it 's more direct because he actually witnessed the horrors of solovki , norilsk and tayshet . 
  fun fact : the novigrad in istria was founded as civitas nova aemona by roman refugees from original aemona , which is today called ljubljana . 
  it used to be called marburg in german , so yes . 
  no ljubljana , but podgorica is present . 
  sea temperature , 37 ? 
  wtf ? 
  that 's piss temperature . 
  i do n't even want to imagine how much scum there 'll be floating on the surface . 
  i like the last one . 
  and then you say you are n't a real nazi . 
  i 'm actually a bit curious about the thought process of anti-srmitic bigots . 
  do you know any jews personally ? 
  then inform yourself about poe 's law . 
  without tone of voice and body language it 's almost impossible to say when somebody 's sarcastic or serious . 
  that 's why we use / s when a comment is not supposed to be taken literally . 
  real nazis are quite a nasty sight , are n't they ? 
  he was n't even a para , just a random drunk prick . 
  but but his dog was german !, 
  what do you think , why did they focus so much on latvia ? 
  they wanted power . 
  fascists and nazis , on the other hand , wanted disappearance of the slovene people . 
  which evil is the lesser one ? 
  ( both are evils , just to make it clear . ), 
  compare 1934 and 1959 , mate . 
   estonians would be spared from repressions and physical liquidation and what did soviets do ? 
  but not when talking about `` similar nature '' . 
  have you ever been here ? 
  i guess not , otherwise you 'd maybe notice that slovenia and serbia have nothing in common except burek and vaguely similar language . 
  read that article better next time . 
  even there it 's written that estonians were to be spared from extermination because they were racially valuable and suitable for germanization . 
  in the interwar period ? 
  to be communist and thus not the enemy you had to be called communist party of x , be a member of the comintern and obey every stalin 's whim . 
  and most of them killed by other slovenians . 
  i 'll never really understand the clericalist attitude in ww2 . 
  they saw what fascist italy was doing in littoral and nazis never hid their intentions of getting rid of slovenians in their zone . 
  how the hell could they collaborate ? 
  and they even called themselves nationalists , wow . 
  that 's bullshit and you know it . 
  first things first , there were and are no yugoslavs . 
  soviets tried to exterminate them ( death by siberia ) , germans considered them wayward brothers . 
  which option seemed better to you , from estonian perspective ? 
  they opposed even socialists . 
  until comintern did one of its many about-faces in 1936 , non-communist left-wing parties were considered the main enemy . 
  dialect * continuum * . 
  the further dialects are geographically apart , the more different they 'll be . 
  a slovenian will understand someone from vara\u017edin without any problem , but someone from ni\u0161 kess so . 
  i understand spoken macedonian without having learned it , but i have a lot of trouble following spoken bulgarian . 
  why does n't africa just unite ? 
  they 're all black , after all . 
  no , that 's absolutely not what i 'm trying to say . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that there 's a shit-ton of countries with an imperialist past who have nevertheless brought some contributions to humanity that give their inhabitants reason to be proud . 
  russia is no different , no matter what bullshit its current government is pulling . 
  it 's the country that sent a man into space , ffs . 
  poland in the last years before ww2 was not a good guy . 
  granted , it was nowhere as vile as germany or ussr , but it was ruled by an expansionist right-wing junta that persecuted political opposition and minorities . 
  it only seems likeable in comparison with dystopias with which it bordered . 
  i have an issue with you using the western countries as some kind of moral standard . 
  since they did it , it must be okay . 
   since major western powers decided to appease nazi , there 's no blame that soviets and polish made pacts with nazis . 
  please re-read your post and think a bit what you just wrote . 
  whataboutism is when russia tries to justify its present immoral actions by pointing out instances when other countries acted immorally . 
  this sub throws that word around way too lightly , and soon the word will have no meaning left . 
  how did the thread go ? 
  `` russia ca n't be proud of its history . '', 
  `` that 's not really true . '', 
  `` throughout its whole history russia has been imperialist . '', 
  `` so did a ton of other countries . '', 
  are you proud of dutch history ? 
  or is it to be written off because netherlands also used to be imperialist ? 
   so all of these countries were allies of nazis according to your twisted logic . 
  what 's so twisted about it ? 
  alliances are n't permanent , they get signed and broken all the time . 
  poland was friendly with germany in 1934-38 and at war with it a year later . 
  soviet union was a german ally right up untik germany invaded it . 
  just a regular day in the history of betrayal . 
  you mean , like britain ? 
  or turkey ? 
  or china ? 
  * we must not only master but crush this vermin , drown it in blood . 
  * that 's what georgy plekhanov had to say about bolsheviks in 1917 . 
  for those who do n't know , plekhanov was the first russian marxist and the founder of social democracy in russia . 
  it 's telling he was otherwise very much opposed to use of terror and political violence ; imagine what a threat he must have seen in them to say something as drastic . 
  but he was right in 1917 , he was right in 1937 and he 's right in 2017 . 
  as long as there are leninists running around and spreading their poison among masses , there will be no peace nor social progress in the world . 
  democracy must at times be defended by force . 
   rokossovsky one of the greatest generals of wwii had all his teeth knocked out and finger nails pulled . 
  a polish man of incredible bravery .
