  the same would happen had the other side won . 
  what an era , fucking hell , never again . 
  rooting out reds is n't easy . 
  edit : / s for god 's sake . 
  oh god , how could i ever be so heartless ? 
  they fled the abominable dystopia that is turkey , risked life and limbs traveling through balkans and immediately attacking anyone who dared to step in their way . 
  then they finally step into the el dorado and what do they see ? 
  no jobs just lying around for everybody to take !, 
  absolute horror, 
  the plan is to keep them as slaves and annoy everybody with accusations of racism . 
  hehehe , as a legal migrant you may not move into the destination country unless you have work permit , which you can only obtain if you already have a job secured . 
  securing a job can get kinda hard if you ca n't live where you hunt for jobs . 
  so sorry , when it comes to finding jobs , if i have no tears to spare for guys that ( sometimes literally ) forced their way into eu , while law abiding guys sit years in front of schengen border and wait for a miracle of happen . 
  looks like [ habitat 67 ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/habitat_67 ) 's evil twin . 
  yeah , agreed . 
  america should be credited . 
  37 % against two other candidates is n't exactly crushing . 
  i wonder what would the results be had hitler allowed new presidential elections after hindenburg 's death . 
  except for the fact that they started with serious economical growth only after they deliberately chose to become like the west . 
  especially japan . 
  no jo\u0160ko for you, 
  crap . 
  i got my eu passport made back in '06 thanks to my slovene ancestry , that was the pretty much only method that really worked . 
  do you have any hungarian/slovakian/croatian roots ? 
  whoops , i mean three . 
  suez crisis was a supreme dick move that backfired epically for all three attackers . 
  call it whatever you like . 
  in that case , jews stole the land and paid the price for it in blood . 
  especially considering the war of 1948 , when they were under attack by all of their neighbors , had no international support worth mentioning and still somehow won . 
  why not ? 
  i can declare the republic of southern styria tomorrow . 
  if i manage to fend off slovene authorities and get international recognition the clay is officially independent . 
  that 's total bullshit , arabs in israel have full rights and arab coalition is the third strongest force in the knesset . 
  after four backstabbing invasions and two backstabbing rebellions israelis would have to be idiots to talk to anybody . 
  what did israelis take ? 
  palestinians sold them their land themselves ( that sweet jewish gold ) and only started complaining when they realized they let enough people move in that they became a minority and that the new majority is going to become independent . 
  ok , so gulen is to erdogan what trotsky was to stalin ? 
  i found out when we once talked about what our earliest memories were . 
  my mom said hers was getting her first teddy bear , my first memory is running to a bomb shelter , and he said he still remembers the dick pain . 
  we were all stunned , especially since we did n't really talk about it , it was a horrible episode for all of us . 
  as for religion , mutilating and marking other people in the name of something that may or may not exist seems kinda wrong to me . 
  considering half of macedonians now live in slovenia , i 'd say it did n't . 
  freely , with a romantic view of a parking lot . 
  [ stuff that dreams are made of . 
  we * might * think about finishing the zagreb-maribor highway , though . 
  i hate explaining when i 'm making a joke , but i noticed that bulgarians are n't on the same page as humor , so there : i was making a joke . 
  it was about poor work ethics , which is a constant on the balkans and/or in communist states . 
  it also subtly implied that greeks do n't use their long working hours in the most efficient way . 
  i hope it 's funnier now . 
  in yugoslavia there used to be a concept called `` effective working hours '' . 
  those were basically your working hours minus lunch breaks , toilet breaks , smoke breaks , gossip breaks , naps , ball scratching , hiding before the boss , nose picking , fapping , doing your personal stuff , late arrivals and early departures . 
  those who gathered more than three effective working hours a week were called udarniki . 
  i thought this kinda suits the thread . 
   there is an argument to be made for the consciousness of a child that age . 
  i 'm not saying you can ignore the physical pain , but it has less value if the child is n't around mentally like an adult . 
  maybe i 'd buy that one if my younger brother did n't develop a nasty penis infection that the doctor solved by forcibly pulling his skin back , without anesthesia or anything . 
  my brother was year and a half old back then . 
  * he remembers the pain . 
  *  it 's hardly pointless if it 's about forming a covenant with god . 
  it 's funny , you know . 
  it 's a good story , it 's funny , you 're a funny guy . 
  it 's a remnant from retarded old times when jews were the only semites that western europeans were in regular contact with . 
  penis removal is an asset because its better than just circumcision . 
   and i 'm gon na join you on that limb and say that 90 % or more of those affected , once they are old enough to decide , actually support having been circumcised . 
  so now protection of minorities is n't an important part of democracy anymore ? 
   born in sweden let 's say i 'm a croat living in slovenia . 
  i only socialize with other croats in my neighborhood . 
  i only watch croatian tv and read croatian news portals . 
  i 'll someday marry a nice croatian girl and have a kid with her . 
  that kid will only play with other croatian kids , speak only croatian , consume only croatian media ( at least until school ) and i 'll even take the effort to teach him/her what uptight dicks are slovenes . 
  yet that kid will be born in slovenia . 
  is that kid a slovene ? 
   you want suicide , i 'll commit suicide . 
  ftfy, 
  we buy eggs in cartons of 10 . 
  fuck , * now * i realized why they were occasionally replacing locks with unlockable ones . 
  because gate makes you feel important , it tells everybody you are rich enough to have something to hide behind that fence . 
  up until this month i was a tenant in a gated community in ljubljana . 
  ironically , it seemed there was more crime inside the gate than outside . 
  brilliant . 
  i was told folk tales about him when i was a kid . 
  they said he had the head of a dog because he was son of a bitch . 
  wtf no . 
  king matja\u017e sleeps under the peca mountain and he 'll wake up only when his beard grows nine times around the table . 
  [ britain rap verse ] finally someone let me out my cage, 
  we heard a lot about backhanded compliments , but a backhanded insult ? 
  that 's new, 
  this is not a new project though , the company 's been working on this one for a few years now . 
  he is defending extreme right , tho . 
  they are their boss . 
  guardian media group is owned by scott trust ltd. , which by statute must not interfere with guardian 's editorial policy . 
  that 's why i do n't do coke . 
  i 'm not paying 100 $ for a gram of glorified baking soda . 
  yes . 
  truth be told , nobody called it savudrijska vala before the border dispute . 
  source : spent my childhood in that area , on the cro side of the border . 
  c'mon , all we need is that general glanzkopf returns to ~ ~ lead us into ~ ~ single-handedly win new victories for us and the continent . 
  mate , i have several members of family with ptsd acquired in war and none of them ever did a mass shooting in a jealousy fit . 
  either you 're a dick or you are n't . 
  anyone who wants to post there .
