  i do n't know , ask croats and serbs . 
  i knew this would be misinterpreted . 
  poland used to be a super multicultural country , where poles , germans , jews , tatars and armenians lived next to each other in peace . 
  then hitler happened . 
  it can get irritating . 
  i speak from experience . 
  thank you based hitler, 
  `` you 'll have to catch me first . '', 
   hands off private property nice that all that real estate stolen in ukraine is common pasture , is n't it ? 
  did xenophobia kick in yet ? 
  edit : fucking christ , i 'm just asking . 
  i checked his post history . 
  a few select quotes :  with macron the french will become a minority by 2040 . 
  enjoy the collapse of your country . 
   he is apparently a black supremacist , but i dont know exactly based on what considering blacks are literally the worst demographic in every single western country and there isnt a single stable black country in the world . 
   making america less white has destabilized the country , caused identity problems and made people think they do n't belong in a single ` group ' or ` tribe ' . 
   jews control all the banks , doing something anti-israel would be a death sentence to anyone , even the president . 
  you have n't read the article , have you ? 
  you 're just here to spam this board with alt-right talking points , are n't you ? 
  indonesia where ? 
  i doubt that would be a problem in hindu bali . 
  aceh , on the other hand ... 
  they did tell her technically she can apply , but that there 's no point in doing it , because she 'd be laid off the moment britain actually leaves eu . 
  unless she gets the citizenship of a country that does n't intwnd to leave the eu , that us . 
   stay indefinitely if they wished yes , as non-citizen permanent residents . 
  keyword : non-citizen . 
   i love it when you guys show your true colours . 
  sure thing cindy . 
  i stopped being sentimental once me and my family had to eat fucking kohlrabi soup for weeks because we spent all the money on bureaucratic fees for temporary residence . 
   a bit more effort from the eu on behalf of those who really wanted to stay ? 
  not exactly a big ask is it ? 
  top kek . 
  `` forget about constitution , equality before the law and all that rubbish !, 
  a brit wants something ! '', 
   but in another sense ; i guess she 's getting a harsh lesson in `` eu values '' . 
  no , she 's getting a lesson in being an immigrant . 
  i let out a deep sensible chuckle . 
  in croatia we say `` they want to fart and hold in too '' . 
  http://www.slovenia.si/visit/cuisine/recipes/prekmurska-gibanica/ tell your friend to have fun making four different fillings . 
  slovenian orthography from 1500-1800 actually used digraphs . 
  so if someone started writing with them it would look hilariously archaic . 
  * khm khm *, 
  we do n't have m\u00ebt\u00e4l l\u00ebtt\u00ebrs . 
  1 ) it 's * gibanica * , not `` banica '' , * gi-ba-ni-ca * . 
  why did you drop that * gi - * ? 
  that 's not how proto-slavic is supposed to be butchered . 
  2 ) while you poor sods think burek is gibanica , we in the civilized world developed the [ final form of it ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/db/prekmurskagibanica1.jpg/1200px-prekmurskagibanica1.jpg ) . 
  at this point bakistan can easily be called a mena country , imo . 
  but on the other hand you can easily devour truckloads of that monstruous barbarity , pizza-burek . 
  you leave the kids in care of eldest son/uncle/grandparents , make it to europe , reunify the family and live off benefits . 
  it 's quite simple , really . 
  this . 
  it 's not muslims we have a problem with , it 's menaers . 
   swiss flair  assumes english is his first language nice try tho . 
  okay , can we just stop with these low-effort name puns ? 
  wtf 's marxism but a second hand emotion ? 
   black lines between the colours absolutely haram . 
  i do , however , recall that once it slipped his tongue that his dad participated in anti-lukashenko protests . 
  but do n't ask me for details , we did n't talk about politics a lot . 
  no , it was straight up the theory that old lithuania is actually belarus and that today 's lithuanians are n't real lithuanians . 
  like i said , i could n't believe what i was hearing , but i did n't say anything because i did n't know enough . 
  medieval and early modern history of belarus . 
  our history teacher decided to use the immigrant kids in our class to lecture their parts of history instead of him . 
  he presented belarus , i presented croatia . 
  the thing is , he 's not a nationalist and history does n't even interest him . 
  he simply repeated what they taught him in school back in minsk and what was written in his textbooks . 
  it was only today that i found out what 's the name of the track . 
  could n't listen to it . 
  brings back bad memories . 
  nice , but goddamn were those activists intrusive . 
  i still have to clean tons of their spam from my gmail . 
  please , do n't get me started on balkanic history wars . 
  `` catholic serbs '' , `` alpine croats '' , `` slavonia is the same as slovenia '' , `` islamized croats/serbs '' and `` alexander the great was a slav '' are n't always mentioned ironically . 
  i first heard this theory in my history class in highschool , when my belarussian friend had a presentation . 
  i 'd love to say that somebody corrected him or argued , but the fact is , everybody was so stumped by the outrageousness of the claim that nobody was sure if everything they knew until then was wrong . 
  [ the big lie ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_lie ) in full effect . 
  triggered mras are always fun . 
  i am a bit serious , though . 
  what they 're doing in switzerland is the right thing - allowing mothers a bit of leeway to get their careers running again . 
  i 'm against quotas as much as the next guy - i think they 're counter-productive . 
  yes . 
  so much for equal chances . 
  like a true man of the cloth . 
  the eternal enemy invaded ukraine not long ago . 
  the threat at least looks real . 
   i 've never seen an ugly swede . 
  no shit , mate , i openly admitted i 'm sexist one post above . 
  that means men get privileged again since men , you know , tend not to get pregnant or breast-feed . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're asking me , but i 'm at least aware of my sexism and cool with it . 
  and i believe i 'm right . 
  being pc does n't always mean being right . 
  tl ; dr : bitch , make me a sandwich, 
  because the discourse about gender equality here is led by theredpill . 
  they set the tone , and the rest of us can only react . 
  i have yet to see that mythical beast , a competent father . 
  these `` equal chances '' actually imply some special privileges for women since men , you know , tend not to get pregnant or breast-feed . 
  he probably said rubbish . 
  that sounds appropriate . 
  i 'll never understand why finnic peoples felt the need to settle in the fridge . 
  spoken from a very high moral horse , but let 's not pretend there was any chance of somebody third getting the eastern europe .
