  he 'd be accused of right wing deviation and spying for gestapo and british intelligence simultanously . 
  among tons of other gripes i have with commies , the one that 's the most painful to me personally is that they ruined marxism . 
  here we had a guy who made , as for now , the only attempt of comprehensive critique of capitalism . 
  yes , it was flawed , yes , it becane obsolete , but in any other field that would n't be a problem . 
  das kapital was supposed to be read , critiqued , the ideas were supposed to be developed further and adapted to changing times . 
  even marx himself did n't think his work is impervious to criticism - in fact , in the preface to the second edition of communist manifesto he himself wrote that in many regards it is already obsolete . 
  surely he thought of das kapital in the same manner . 
  what we got instead was lenin , who took it as gospel . 
  and worse yet , he convinced himself and his followers that they 're on a mission to change the world according to that gospel , and that no price is too high to fulfill that destiny . 
  and they did it for so much time and so zealously that even admitting to having read das kapital makes you a tankie in the eyes of way too many people . 
  so , sadly , in the end i came to agree with a certain statement by georgy plekhanov , father of russian social democracy : `` against bolsheviks , all methods are acceptable . '', 
  the full sentence from the source :  ** accusing guesde and lafargue of `` revolutionary phrase-mongering '' and of denying the value of reformist struggles ** , marx made his famous remark that , if their politics represented marxism , `` ce qu'il y a de certain c'est que moi , je ne suis pas marxiste '' ( `` what is certain is that i myself am not a marxist '' ) . 
  here 's an appropriate joke : 2013 - croatia enters the eu . 
  2014 - first croat becomes employed in eu administration . 
  2015 - by some miracle , his son , wife and her family , neighbors and local guys also become employed in eu administration . 
  2018 - croats now consist 60 % of eu administration employees . 
  germany complains that bureaucracy is too large and that eu buildings do n't have enough space anymore for all those drudges . 
  in answer , wages of adiministration workers are increased for 200 % - 100 % as compensation for stress caused by germany , and 100 % for stress caused by other employees speaking all those weird languages that nobody understands . 
  2019 - budget cuts . 
  cleaners , cooks and drivers , all belgian citizens , are laid off en masse . 
  2021 - croatia becomes the largest recipient of eu funds per capita . 
  according to reports by eu administration , all that money is excellently invested . 
  vacation home construction booms in croatia . 
  2022 - germany leaves the eu . 
  well he took his sweet time , did n't he ? 
  2/10 no teeth visible, 
  is there any pepe left that 's still rare ? 
  aleksander kwa\u015bniewski , elected president of poland in 1994 , communist minister in the '80s . 
  gyula horn , elected pm of hungary in 1994 , communist minister in the '80s , in 1956 member of communist death squad that killed and tortured revolutionists and unlucky civilians ivica ra\u010dan , elected pm of croatia in 2000 , general secretary of croatian communist party in the '80s . 
  people actually were disappointed . 
  just check all the countries where communists regained power in mid-to-late 1990s and early 2000s . 
  i 'll just say that germans in ww2 called the resistance terrorists . 
  i googled a bit and yes , it is an armenian name . 
  in modern latinization it would be hovhannes astuacatur . 
  johannes diodato is direct translation into german and italian . 
  so , just like always ? 
  you 're definitely not the first one who made that observation . 
  [ nsfw drawing by f\u00e9licien rops ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:20110526222429!f%c3%a9licien_rops_-_sainte-th%c3%a9r%c3%a8se.png ), 
  i must admit that every time i see this painting the second thought that pops into my head is : where do we draw the line ? 
  when is something porn and when is it art ? 
  is it really all about intention ? 
  or is it just a matter of who made it ? 
  the first thought is , of course , `` oh look , a cunt '', 
  or we will get mildly irritated . 
  that was stalingrad . 
  moscow was a purely german job . 
  there are only two types of communists : good communists and living communists . 
  i would open gulag-themed boot camps for such kids . 
  first they would come for them in the middle of the night , give them 15 minutes to pack up . 
  then they would be driven in the back of the van to a cellar on unknown location . 
  there they would be forced to confess something , does n't matter what . 
  in case they would refuse , they 'd be made to stand in the corner for dozens of hours , denied food and water , put in steam baths until they pass out , mock executed , pissed in the mouth etc. 
  once they confessed , they 'd be escorted to the camp several hours away in a truck or train . 
  no stops , no food , no water , no piss-breaks . 
  once there , they 'd be welcomed by other inmates beating them with sticks . 
  who does n't beat hard enough , gets beaten next . 
  then they 'd work in quarries or they 'd chop down trees . 
  they 'd have a norm to fulfill , and if they failed , they 'd be denied food . 
  they 'd eat cabbage soup , old bread , spoiled fish and porridge in hot water , nothing else . 
  they 'd be excused from work only if they have a fever above 38 . 
  they 'd be thrown in cold , wet cellars and given starvation diets for any infraction . 
  or they 'd be forced to keep their heads inside barrels full of human shit for hours . 
  they 'd be pitted one against another and given small rewards for spying on each other . 
  no contact with family , no outside world . 
  i think three to six months of such treatment would have terrific educational value . 
  make them feel a bit of socialism in practice . 
   at least one  implying very probably all three  one is the loudest tho, 
  because at least one party is doing its absolute best to prevent it from working . 
   after the dear leader died , the old conflicts started to matter . 
  and they started to matter because of guys like my dear grandpa , the ex-secretary of his city 's committee of the league of communists of yugoslavia and today 's member of a tito fan club . 
  just two weeks ago i was driving him past vrbovsko on our way to a spa and i innocently asked if they still have a large serb minority . 
  this prompted him to go into an awfully long tirade : yes , but they only cause problems , they want to have more rights than the rest of us , they need to finally realize whose country is this and that they 're only guests ... 
  i tried to argue but i quickly gave up . 
  just do n't complain when your country keeps importing new workers to pay for your pension . 
  i for one welcome our ~ ~ new ~ ~ old schnitzel overlords . 
  [ contre nous de la tyrannie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlq7ecvraf0 ), 
   annexed in 828  independent in 1991 [ stati inu obstati ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmc8bqol-j0 ), 
  i have two questions . 
  1 ) what are the real estate prices there ? 
  2 ) how big are the spiders ? 
  aw , give it a rest . 
  maybe they were , but they are n't anymore . 
  just like the swiss and austrians are n't germans anymore . 
  it 's central europe we are speaking about . 
  the more cynical , the more likely . 
  the guys we rented our flat to , i guess . 
  whole damn coast, 
  my mom actually started learning albanian in order to talk with her patients . 
  ( meanwhile we spent devil knows how much money and effort on slovenian lessons . 
  idiots , that 's what we are . ), 
  no probs , bosnians and herzegovinians will fill up the void . 
  how can you be so heartless ? 
  ^ ( get it ? ), 
  of course it 's not . 
  as chernomirdin said , russia is a continent . 
  i mean , to me as a native speaker it does n't sound like it hates vowels that much . 
  english is much more unpronounceable to me ( five * sixths * , seriously ? 
  how do you pronounce that without swallowing your tongue ? ) . 
  once you realize * r * between two consonants ( as in * prst * ) is pronounced as if you wanted to say * first * with rolled r , everything falls into place . 
  oh , slovenia too , dude , do n't worry about it .
