  it 's not like we are still living the same way as in golden days of pax augusta , is it ? 
  yes , because refugees all move to the countryside and it 's just a matter of time before they turn merry highwaymen . 
   hardware-based interoperability whatever that means . 
  but okay , i can see that having same stuff as your allies can bring some benefits . 
  i just wonder if that `` cheaper '' is some kind of a freudian slip , 
  i do n't know about norway , but our navy is at least picking up refugees off lybia , which makes them ... useful i guess . 
  so that isis ca n't see you bombing them from out of their aaa range ? 
  damn you , king c. gillette !, 
  so , can we expect a `` buy polish potatoes '' campaign like we had for apples ? 
  i still do n't see what exactly does norway need this plane for . 
  seriously switzerland , wtf ? 
  players simultaneously show their hands with several fingers extended ( thus the hand waving ) and try to guess what the total number of fingers ( thus the shouting ) . 
  it 's harder than it seems . 
  the game is found all around the mediterranean and it 's usually called `` morra '' , but in croatia and bih it is considered as a central part of dinaric folklore ( together with the musical background / u/kradem provided ( called `` ganga '' ) , driving mercedes and voting for hdz ) . 
  i have double citizenship in the pqrt of europe where being patriotic means hating everyone else . 
  [ croatia ] ( https://youtu.be/uztoszrku8m ), 
  typical butthurt cryptofascist douche . 
   now , i do n't actually know how afd members uses to talk, 
  oh , but we do . 
  what we lack is [ virt\u00f9 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/virt%c3%b9 ) . 
  you give us too much credit , my friend . 
  but the whole shabang started with america fixing things . 
  being thought a part of soviet union does have its charm . 
  i was in bulgaria this new year and good god is that country in a shitty state . 
  that 's in eu too , you know . 
  not doing it does n't end well either . 
  i mean , is there any country or nation ever that ended well ? 
  they did n't pull it off , that 's the thing . 
  i 'm , as any sane person , horrified at the idea of making an industry specifically dedicated to killing people , but let 's be realistic ... had they succeeded in killing all jews , nobody would be talking about it today . 
   british  genocide come on , britain was the most benign colonial power , except for maybe us . 
  genocide , that 's something germans and belgians do . 
  oh no , i think that 's exactly something they should be proud of . 
  it 's a constant battle for resources on this small planet , and being able to enslave half of the world means that you are doing it right . 
  i 'm fluent in italian , both standard and venetian , and i still barely understand a thing . 
  i think it borrows more from friulian than italian , and friulian is a completely different language . 
  where did you go to school ? 
  well , politics aside , prekmurje dialect could as well be a separate language . 
  as for littoral and dual ... my first language is croatian , so i never had any misunderstandings with them . 
  but apart from that one and a couple of other obscure italianisms/germanisms , i do n't think a guy from koper and another from maribor would have trouble communicating . 
  they are mostly mutually intelligible , especially neighboring ones . 
  the biggest consequence was actually in people being able to pinpoint your village based on how you speak . 
  notranjsko nare\u010dje , or inner carniolan dialect . 
  yay , my city !, 
   ** maribor , slovenia : ** maribor should start from the balkans , but do not always know which side of the border is . 
  this is a old styrian all . 
  maribor mountains are just next door , and the sea not far away . 
  neat , functional , green , and western europe - and a nice little , like everyone in slovenia , to the greatest sports in the country . 
  i 'm ... flattered . 
  especially after the european capital of culture fiasco , when maribor got that amazing review in faz that described it as kind of a concrete communist dystopia . 
  oh yeah , that was apparently the most common boy name in the 70 's . 
  in fact , i 've heard that there were countless examples of two brothers being named nenad and predrag ( `` too dear '' ) . 
  i did n't invent this . 
  you made yourself 1.3 million friends with this post . 
   most of the victims were small business owners , including doner kebab vendors and greengrocers . 
  idiots . 
  they were supposed to remove kebab , not the guy who was selling it . 
  when was kid , could not into german . 
  i ask my teacher how to german . 
  my teacher say : `` for to german you must umlauts . 
  for \u00d6 you open mouth like you want say o , but say e instead . 
  for to \u00c4 you open mouth like you want say a , but say e instead . 
  for to \u00dc you prepare say u but say i. '', 
  then i was happy because could german . 
  but not really . 
  aw come on . 
  hopefully this string wo n't last . 
  why is this article ignored ? 
  it 's not pseudohumanity , it 's tribal mentality . 
  it 's in the human nature , you 'll never get rid of it . 
  tired of your kidneys ? 
  what about reducing the rate of such crimes ? 
  you are talking like there 's either utopia or total anarchy without anything in between . 
  and yes , i 've witnessed an occasion where presence of police prevented a sexual assault . 
  great , just what we needed . 
  maybe the police is n't supposed to be left undermanned at such high-risk events . 
  what do you think ? 
  safe travels , [ major tom ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=rke3fspju-4 ) . 
  toppest of keks at strangolagalli . 
  the place is called `` choke roosters '' , and that 's exactly what there is on coa . 
  priceless . 
  i have no idea what the thing on the sword is supposed to be . 
   polite spoken like a true british , ol' chap . 
   germany needing young people because the aging population will puta huge strain on the nationalised healthcare fund is pretty much the only reason . 
  you have spain , greece , italy , croatia full of unemployed young people . 
  why arabs ? 
  what form of help ? 
  if it 's brainwashing , no thanks . 
  i think he meant the exact opposite , but used the words `` privilege stack '' wrong . 
   lowest standard of living are you 15 years old ? 
  because i lived through tu\u0111man years . 
  well , i 'm not  . 
  but it does n't matter anyway , i 'm actually quite happy with the situation as it is , if we put aside occasional prejudices . 
  i was only pointing this out because `` the rights of a minorty ca n't be in the hands of the majority '' principle is obviously applied selectively . 
  when it comes to sexual minorities it should n't be left to democracy , and when it 's about ethnic minorities we 're suddenly talking constitution . 
  and that 's kinda hypocritical . 
  [ uh huh ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hrvatini ) , [ sure ] ( http://www.belokranjski-muzej.si/default.asp?sif_co=c1a ) . 
  but okay , i was born in slovenia , my dad was born in slovenia , i 'm sure my great-great-great-great-great-great-grandsons will be able to call themselves autochtonous , 
  oh fuck you , at least no christian country has fucking death penalty for homosexuality . 
  i got ta tell you this and i 'm not even religious . 
  that 's why i asked that question .
