  an example is [ general american english ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/general_american#geographical_origins ) , which is basically just rural midwestern dialect . 
  no such thing in slovenia . 
  every part of the country has a distinctive accent that 's in various degrees far from the literary standard ( which almost nobody knows properly ) . 
  we have a shit-ton of dialects , so in most cases , you can nail down where a person comes from with reasonable accuracy as soon as he starts talking . 
  for example , littoral has italian accentuation and does n't use dual . 
  carinthians sound like they 're singing ( tonal accentuation ) . 
  styrian syntax is closer to croatian than to standard slovenian . 
  ljubljana is a weird case , quite far from standard slovenian , lots of slang words , tendency to elide vocals . 
  and there are boondocks in upper carniola who do n't have feminine verb conjugation . 
  then there 's prekmurje dialect , which is incomprehensible to most slovenians . 
  since they have their own literary corpus , i 'd even dare to call it a separate language . 
  we 're here for your fucking freedom !, 
  [ this one 's even better ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fa/carte_d'occupation_france_1815.png/1024px-carte_d'occupation_france_1815.png ), 
  apparently the source for this map also included the murder of ji\u0159i lunga as a terrorist attack in slovenia , which i think is overdoing it . 
  the guy was shot down in 1994 on a rest stop . 
  his girlfriend , who was wounded but survived , does n't want to talk to the police . 
  nobody knows why was he shot , or by whom , especially since it seems ji\u0159i was an average nobody . 
  to call it terrorism is quite a stretch . 
  terrorism databases usually count incidents that happened before july 1991 as terrorism . 
  you know , the phase when there were no concentrated infantry assaults yet . 
  the lower left one stung a bit . 
  b-but gentrification is e-evil ... 
  almost as bad as cultural appropriation ... 
  is n't it ? 
  and i would agree , as long as people who move work for their living as everybody else and adapt to the local way of life . 
  i needed a year , so i picked the one when fancy tourism started in istria . 
   i 'm not talking about the dodgy tent camps , basically build cities and provide a safe place , healthcare and education in these places . 
  not with my money . 
  that 's why i mentioned the book . 
  did you just insult my alt-etymology skills ? 
  i do n't know what it is , but recently i dared to go against the circlejerk by opposing ban on circumcision . 
  the reaction was fucking scary . 
  the first time in 18 years i actually got scared by the internet . 
  [ i 'm so full of joy i 'm singing an ode ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i9yc5.jpg ), 
  ah , czech tourists . 
  making vacations fun for everyone since 1844 . 
  ni\u0161 translates to nuffin ' , so ... it 's nuffin ' if not nice . 
  ca n't tell if they 're horribly misguided , actively trying to harm eu or working for somebody nameless . 
  what else can they spend it on ? 
  paying immigrant workers ? 
  hahahaha , you 're a riot . 
  if anyone wants to get a feeling why us military budget is so absurdly large , i recommend to watch or read * the pentagon wars * . 
  an amazing insight into what happens when an organization has too much money and not enough oversight . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  about 100 years ago the place i grew up in was [ given to italy ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_london_ ( 1915 \\ ) ) . 
  nobody asked slovenes of croats who lived there for opinion . 
  great powers gon ' great power . 
   the problem is that its up to countries to decide to which sphere influence they want to belong . 
  hehehe , oh you sweet summer child ... 
  you self-sabotaged your economy to avoid paying reparations . 
  plus your economy was still working after versailles , you were n't destroyed as a state and your nationalist parties were allowed to go unchecked . 
  after ww2 , though , there was no germany . 
  the two germanies were formed in 1949 with express purpose of being puppet states . 
  your nation only exists because the allies wanted so . 
  they could 've [ destroyed you ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/morgenthau_plan ) in 1945 and nobody would bat an eye . 
  i do n't think german population was monstruously brainwashed . 
  i 'd say nazism was just the most radical expression of chauvinism and militarism which permeated german society since friedrich the great , and certainly since 1871 . 
  i 'm no expert though , maybe there 's something more informed than me . 
  yeah , that too . 
  of course , instead of humiliating russia , the west could have taken a different approach by genuinely accepting russia as a partner . 
  but that would mean former ussr states stay within the russian sphere of influence , and central europe stays neutral - no expansion of nato . 
  the west ultimately chose something in between : enough humiliation to flare up revanchist tendencies , not enough to prevent russia from rebuilding some of its power . 
  now we have what we have . 
  edit : grammer, 
  yes , versailles was too mild . 
  entente wounded german pride but failed to crush german spirit . 
  20 years later they paid the price . 
  i mean , what was done with germany after ww2 was far enough . 
  it wo n't be a military threat to anyone any time soon . 
  versailles , on the other hand , was too mild . 
  some guys with foresight , like foch , understood that even before it was signed . 
  are you done ? 
   the humiliation since 1991 has gone overboard , and indeed it 's not good diplomacy to humiliate your opponent . 
  confederation . 
  germany . 
  japan . 
  if anything , they did n't go far enough with russia . 
  cos all we wan na do is party and bullshit and party and bullshit and ... 
  we totally are n't using it for uranium enrichment in order to take back celovec . 
  no sir . 
  downhill it is . 
  please solve your identity crisis in another way . 
  thank you . 
  so like in crack labs ? 
  so , while i was a kid in istria , i was getting presents on st. nicholas ( because grandpa 's tradition ) , christmas ( because christmas ) , new year ( because uncle never really gave up communism ) and three kings ( those were brought by befana , because italians ) . 
  multiculti wins . 
  edit : word, 
  [ one of her earlier performances , from 1965 ] ( https://youtu.be/fp9fypp6p6s ) . 
  if it was n't sad it would be funny , because all of that already happened here in slovenia . 
  you 're late to the party , romania . 
  what about fortuyn ? 
  suicide bombing was invented by tamil tigers . 
  it 's not intrinsically connected to islam . 
  as for motivation , the usual `` dying for your cause '' shtick . 
  i always used to say she was aretha franklin of gypsy music : prototypical and unique at the same time , and she put so much soul in her music gou could n't help but feel it . 
  there 'll never be another like her . 
  you seriously want to have droves of americans around , telling everyone how racist you are ? 
  there is nothing to convert to . 
  hellenic religion had no sacred texts , no dogmas , no initiation rites . 
  there were tons of daimons , each with his own characteristics and attributes , and what was happening with them is outlined in greek mythology .
