  katarina \u010cas aliv in hollywood , katarina \u010cas make boobie movie hollywood . 
  extremely high quality post . 
  i can speak some russian , it 's getting worse every year because i have nowhere to practice it . 
  for some reason every russian i met got freaked out when i attempted talking to them in their language . 
  like , an absolute panic on their face , then they abruptly excused themselves and went someplace else . 
  no idea why . 
  i swear this soros meme is reaching john birch proportions . 
  seriously ? 
  pineapples on pizza yes , artichokes no ? 
  the western civilization is jumping off the cliff . 
  all of those tv channels are foreign-owned . 
  but yeah . 
  our regiona co-operation here is mostly based on private initiatives , and i do n't even count how many of them failed because the politics and bureaucracy prevented them from crossing borders . 
  it 's getting better though , at least croatia stopped translating serbian movies . 
  god was that retarded . 
  i still think that any international initiative that wants to include both poland and russia is doomed to fail tho . 
   slavic culture and history is extremely beautiful . 
  agreed . 
  pity it 's neglected . 
   are there any pan slavic cultural unions ? 
  no way , we hate each other 's guts . 
  you 'll never get poles and russians or croats and serbs into the same union of any kind , even a book translation union . 
  they were always less hardcore , truth be told . 
  bosniaks practiced a watered-down verson of already watered-down turkish islam , and albanians never really cared about religion . 
  consider that a similar haram food issue caused a massive rebellion in 19th century india and it becomes clear that bosniaks and albanians were never really hardcore . 
  i prefer to laugh at such stuff , it 's better for digestion . 
  just a week ago i went to see a fashion show with some haute couture bullshit . 
  i laughed myself to tears , afterwards my mates told me i 'm a horrible fashion spectator . 
  but that 's just me . 
  i find these bans stupid , but they do n't bother me enough to make me do anything about it . 
  i had a heated discussion with my family about this topic when they banned it in krk . 
  their main argument was that it 's disrespectful to the inhabitants to walk around the city centre like you 're on a beach . 
  my main argument was `` if it offends you , do n't look . '', 
  absolutely not true . 
  you just are n't looking at the french because you 're busy being a xenophobe . 
  oh great , another liberland . 
  a lot of them go to thailand on holidays i guess . 
  true , partisans did that and nothing can excuse them . 
  i would just like to tell that i was born in that area and heard some stories , and that every elderly person there who remembers ww2 also remembers who 's in which foiba and who threw them there . 
  not everything gets to wikipedia . 
  i choose to believe the downvotes come out of ignorance . 
  either that , or the neo-fascist crowd on / r/europe is getting scarily big . 
  even the west itself had a hard time adapting . 
  are you fucking kidding me . 
  let me be completely frank . 
  if you said this to me , an istrian slovene/croat who lost a large part of his family because of those guys , who banned speaking my language even at home , whose guys sang of throwing slavs to the bottom of caves ... ... well , i guess i 'd smack you right in the face . 
  just go back to stormfront . 
  just watch [ this ] ( http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0091251/ ) . 
  it 's not communist anymore , not even officially . 
  they replaced communism woth another cult , juche . 
  just two examples , valid for all three baltic states . 
  they started with sending a large portion of population to gulag , we are talking about 10-15 % . 
  their treatment of captured partisans after the `` liberation '' was nothing short of disgusting . 
   the right eye is covered with haematoma , on the eyelid there are six stab wounds made , judging by their diameter , by a thin wire or nail going deep into the eyeball . 
  multiple haematomas in the area of the stomach , a cut wound on a finger of the right hand . 
  the genitalia reveal the following : a large tear wound on the right side of the scrotum and a wound on the left side , both testicles and spermatic ducts are missing . 
  * ( from kgb report on lithuanian partisan adolfas ramanauskas-vanagas after few days in soviet prison ) *, 
  i 'm also asking for directly elected officials like hollande and indirectly elected ones , like pms in most countries who are usually leaders of winning parties . 
  hollande managed to burn down his approval to some 20 % in his first year and to single digits by the end of his second year . 
  he 's a jackass , but then again , that was obvious since he announced that he would run for president . 
  if voters are so cold and rational and intelligent , how did he get elected ? 
  why the fuck do you people always bring up george soros ? 
  what is he ? 
  in that case , how the fuck do elected officials get to single digit approval ratings ? 
  croatia no , hungary yes . 
  in fact between 1928 and 1992 hungary was constantly in the top 10 countries by medals . 
  a very elaborate and dangerous way to produce beef . 
  from [ everything i heard ] ( http://satwcomic.com/a-bad-day ) none of those are really big in denmark . 
  they 're basically the scandinavian riviera . 
  we all know that france and italy are n't really european . 
  we are at the intersection of germanic , romance and slavic cultures . 
  intruders like hungarians do n't count , of course . 
  \\* nods happily \\*, 
  so , uk , germany , france , italy and australia ? 
  it 's the same thing america did to indians . 
  you 're right , empires are n't built on consensus , but on rivers of blood . 
  well ... technically , neither the bus nor the bicycle were yours . 
  but what if i told you you could into space only on a * russian rocket ? 
  we need to learn how inhospitable we were to ottomans when they were peacefully making slave raids . 
  burker ? 
  burgerkini ? 
  after all , it is the country that gave the world leonardo , fermi and berlusconi . 
  white housewife and negro throat sweeper . 
  the porn just writes itself . 
  [ croatian cookies . 
  your argument is invalid . 
  ] ( http://www.kras.hr/images/fotogallery/bijela_domacica_high_big_38.jpg ), 
  they are completely different languages !, 
  look : `` housewife is going home '' is `` doma\u0107ica ide ku\u0107i '' in croatian and `` ku\u0107anica ide doma '' in serbian . 
  see ? 
  completely different !, 
  softies . 
  strong balkanic men roll their cigs by hand and smoke them without filter . 
   [ tropic paradise ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/fd/father-pedro01.jpg ), 
  you say that like we 'll someday become a minority . 
  every nation is imaginary , no borders are visible from space . 
  your point ? 
  i have , from my relatives , but then again they live in some boondocks in north carolina . 
  gee , dude , beats the shit out of me . 
  should have made it more obviously sarcastic , but it 's raining and i 'm pretty uninspired .
