  nazis had gestapo , and yet it was held against german people as a whole that they did nothing . 
   how prosperous their citizens were in the long term from one ruler to the next , is highly debatable . 
  which was exactly my point . 
  should 've read my post . 
  but you have n't anschluss 'd them yet . 
  i have a friend from belarus and , if he 's right , belarus is n't really just a russian puppet . 
  i intend to visit it this summer , so that i can see for myself . 
  china , abbasid caliphate , all the enlightened absolutist kingdoms ... 
  the problem is that liberal democracy is the only system we discovered where prosperity does n't depend on the quality of a single ruler . 
  not all germans of that generation were guilty of being nazis , but nearly all germans of that generation are guilty of not opposing nazism . 
  when your government commits crimes , not fighting against it makes you an accomplice . 
  that 's the standard we developed regarding nazi germany . 
  i do n't see why it should n't apply to russia . 
  apart from religion , you need to count in the different historical experience . 
  croatians have the experience of being austrian/hungarian/venetian frontier province ; serbs and especially montenegrins , of being a stubborn rebellious province with a tradition of statehood ; bosniaks , of being the privileged class in the ottoman empire . 
  centuries of such differences necessarily leave a mark on collective memory . 
  then , there 's also the fact that serbia was the first to become independent in the 19th century and that before joining yugoslavia it pursued independent - and expansionist - foreign policy for more than 100 years . 
  meanwhile croatia developed as a nation while a part of austria-hungary , struggling for its own identity against hungarians , austrians and italians . 
  bosniaks , on the other hand , were late to the nationalism party because ottoman empire counted all muslims as part of the muslim millet ; they started becoming a nation in the modern sense only in 1878 . 
  again , divergent histories , divergent experiences . 
  so it 's more than religion . 
  we are talking about three different nations who just happen to share the same language . 
  just for some additional information , * slovenski narod * ( the slovenian people ) , founded in 1868 , was the mouthpiece of slovenian liberals in austria-hungary and interwar yugoslavia . 
  they were anti-clerical , pro-free market and pro-yugoslavian ( later even unitarist ) faction . 
  by 1930 liberals and * slovenski narod * had already lost much of their influence , since the centralism in first yugoslavia had driven the lion 's share of slovenian population into sls ( christian conservative , nationalist party ) . 
  * slovenski narod * soldiered on until 1943 and ended its career as the official gazette of italian occupational authority . 
  for the same reason why germany and america hid and protected croatian fascists and terrorists : he was anti-communist . 
  yeah , basically . 
  i 'm not much of a usa fan , but you doing this to yourself is just an ugly sight, 
  the current european parliament suits me . 
  i 'd change the voting system a bit ( so that epp ca n't have three different electoral lists in slovenia ) . 
  i absolutely do n't want the chief of the government to be directly elected , especially not through electoral college . 
  i think current events across the pond show exactly why . 
  jambrek , rupel , hribar , grafenauer ? 
  they only need b.a. 
  novak and bogomir kova\u010d to co-sign and they have the intellectual-cultural mafia covered . 
  waaaait ... 
  they want executive presidency ? 
  no thanks , i 'll pass . 
  left for hawaiians to take . 
  french jews do n't speak french ? 
  also , you still have n't told what are the incompatibilies . 
  if i recall correctly , and i might be mistaken on this one , the european solution was supposed to be quotas . 
  it advertised itself as a goody-two-shoes nation and started to believe its own hype . 
  no , i 'm asking you what are the incompatibilities between the culture of french and the culture of french jews . 
   that is not the definition of an immigrant . 
  if you live in another country , you are an immigrant . 
  did i say anything about definition ? 
  i said that immigrants usually stay for undefined time . 
  most people do n't like moving around non-stop . 
   just as many incompatibilities as between the french culture and other semitic cultures . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  i have enough bitterness in my life without getting angry about such stuff . 
  but , hey , if you have the energy to fight , go for it . 
   and unless you wan na spend your life there , i frankly do n't see why immigrants should be forced to take classes . 
  immigrants usually stay for undefined time . 
  plus it 's just disrespectful to move somewhere and not even take the effort to learn how to communicate with the locals . 
  i say that as an immigrant . 
   so how will we make the jewish adopt our culture ? 
  cuz i bet they 'll be thrilled . 
  so what 's the radical difference between french culture and french jewish culture ? 
  what 's incompatible here ? 
  there are many , many people who still think we 're basically yugoslavs , interchangeable with everyone from vardar to triglav . 
  the rest do n't know the difference between us and slovakia . 
  \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af edit : [ case in point ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5mcscz/most_troublecausing_asylum_seekers_in_the/dc2sbn5/ ), 
  you are aware that there are still many people who never learned about you in geography classes , right ? 
  wait until those who grew up after you split from soviet union become a majority and nobody will annoy you anymore with that shit . 
   sweden always too neutral to be neutral . 
  is this bait ? 
  i think this is bait . 
  reminds me of catania, 
  holy shit , this city has twice the population of my city and 1/6 of its area . 
  how do they move around during rush hours ? 
  if you want to prematurely destroy the human race , go ahead . 
  yugoslavia was to the west of iron curtain . 
  but yes , i understand your point . 
  well , slovenia generally does n't have problems with serbia , we have croatia to hate/love . 
  it 's more historical experience . 
  we have been terrible roommates . 
  as of now our teamwork has caused one world and one regional war , brought down one empire , one kingdom and one federation , and there are also two genocides in that mix . 
  i 'd personally like if we ended all up in eu ( being a product of three generations of intermarriage ) , but i just do n't trust our peoples . 
  we were not supposed to be able to go to war while we were all in yugoslavia either , but . 
  i do n't have to click it to know what it is . 
  that song almost caused my non-existence . 
   keyboard 's too tiny 3/10 would n't tap, 
  you seriously want to have serbia , croatia and slovenia in the same union ? 
  ah , but if they started talking about politicians everybody would just shrug and say `` well they are lying thieves , what 's else on the menu ? '', 
  this here , on the other hand , apparently stings a bit . 
  why bloody ? 
  they seem just a bit worse than french cars and on the same level as fiat . 
  thankfully . 
  i was afraid we 'd be something like `` dirty mafioso immigrants '' . 
  sensible british would get mad at their government . 
  britards would get mad at europeans . 
  but invisible hand, 
  ` cos you used \\ # before numbers . 
  they harden , for the same reason why you get goosebumps . 
  nipples are skin , dicks are blood-soaked sponges . 
  what becomes red when it 's very cold are the parts that could freeze - nose , ears , fingers . 
  it pays to keep the blood vessels there nice and wide , to bring heat to them .
