  armenians were n't exactly saints eithers . 
  [ hms p311 , launched 5 march 1942 , lost probably on 2 january 1943 . 
  ] ( http://uboat.net/allies/warships/ship/3506.html ) commanded by [ commander richard douglas cayley , dso ] ( http://uboat.net/allies/commanders/467.html ) , who in course of his career as a submarine commander sank four enemy ships and damaged three more , among which italian heavy cruiser * trieste * which was knocked out of action for eight months . 
  to him and the whole crew . 
  i agree with you ( i 'm a fucking immigrant \u010defur hypocrite is what i am ) . 
  i wanted to show why the left has no problems with sexual identity politics but does with national . 
  and since the political left has dominated that conversation since ww2 , well , we are where we are . 
  now , since i 'm a yugo , i 'm also very much aware that nationalism is a dangerous game to play . 
  it would be nice if we could vote for something , instead of someone . 
  but things ca n't be presented on tv news in 30 seconds . 
  we are still waiting for a proper war fought over sexuality . 
  unlike nationality , religion and football . 
  i 'd be much more pro-american if american leadership once for a change thought something through before doing it . 
  that said , if it comes to choosing between us and russia , it 's us all day everyday . 
  believe me when i tell you you do n't really want to do anything about it . 
  two balkan wars , and the first one was everybody merrily slaughtering turks . 
  well , he remembered , for starters , because afaik he did say that . 
  if there 's anything i genuinely hate , it 's the domestic highwaymen in suits and ties who always rationalize their dickery with `` cudndu nuffin , orders from bruxelles '' or `` cudndu nuffin , standards from germany '' . 
  commies in these parts always insisted that america was the world center of rotten capitalism , even while they were allied with it . 
  i guess a lot of older people still believe that propaganda . 
  which reminds me , i read about a funny situation in ljubljana in the 60 's . 
  the party covered the city with posters supporting the righteous fight of vietnamese people against fascist and imperialist american aggression . 
  some brave soul one night took the effort to scribble on each one `` is this how you pay the american bread that you eat ? '', 
  and each one of them is going to lie and misrepresent the situation for the benefit of their ideology . 
  my favorite thing about italy is how you guys always seem just on the verge of total collapse , yet you stay on the scene and keep being awesome . 
  viva l'italia !, 
  in theory it should be so , but germany atm spends half as much money on its military as it 's supposed to and everybody 's strangely silent about that . 
  if key countries who can afford it do n't take their nato obligations seriously , why are balkan countries who have much bigger problems than military supposed not to think it 's all a big fucking joke ? 
  a friend of mine once said that french sounds like someone trying to speak and failing . 
  now everything falls into place . 
  that 's all good , but i was in sofia this winter and there 's still much work to be done . 
  city centre looks good , as good as any other capital in europe , but outskirts and especially the student city are a mess . 
  but okay , i understand the need for patrol ships , but jets just seem frivolous . 
  what are they expecting , a full-scale war with turkey ? 
  look , i spent my childhood watching massacres and destruction every single day on news . 
  i remember air raids and i remember crying when my uniformed dad got on that bus , cos i knew there 's a real chance that he wo n't come back . 
  i 'm sorry , but that kind of shit kinda makes you develop a thick skin , so no podcast about things that happened two millenia ago can make me get real sads . 
  now , visiting auschwitz or watching come and see are a different story . 
  portugal kept it and it seems that legalization worked anyway . 
  i have n't smoked weed for a couple of months and the main reason is exactly that my roommate became completely disfunctional . 
  being around weeded people while straight gets supremely annoying after a while , and i never liked it that much that i would smoke myself out every single afternoon . 
  i am smiling , i find that peace treaty at the same time heartwarming and hilarious . 
  by making your upper lip tremble . 
  in the meantime , there are still unpaved streets in sofia . 
  does n't change the fact that now , 2300 years after that horrible epizode , rome and carthage ( both cities still exist ) buried the hatchet and became friends . 
  smile once in a while , mate , it 's healthy . 
  [ hey , we actually asked turks to stay but they would n't listen ] ( http://www.spiritofbosnia.org/volume-1-no-4-2006-october/stay-here/ ) . 
  [ nah , that one 's been settled 30 years ago . ] ( http://archive.aramcoworld.com/issue/198503/delenda.est.carthago.htm ) . 
  see ? 
  with patience , everything can be solved . 
  ... before they would have to save other body parts , to paraphrase chernomyrdin . 
  give up , dude . 
  you 'll never convince him that corruption could be anything but giving 10 $ bill to a traffic cop . 
  slovenia : our former pm , janez jan\u0161a ( who 'll probably win the next election ) was re-elected to parliament * after * he was convicted of corruption to two years prison ; the supreme court concluded that him serving his jail time would interfere with his duties as a member of parliament , and ordered him released ... 
  history do n't real . 
  that 's why i asked . 
  aw crap . 
  sorry , dude . 
  will you at least get any insurance money ? 
  i 've seen this kind of shit happening live some ten years ago from my 10th floor apartment window . 
  it was scary , but even worse was the feeling of helplessness , that nothing could be done to reduce the damage at that point . 
  did n't stagflation discredit his theories , like , 40 years ago ? 
  serbian music is alright , but serbian tv is quite shitty . 
  much worse than croatian . 
  `` massive population transfers '' amounted to getting rid of germans . 
  a sizeable hungarian minority remained in slovakia , but slovakia kinda does n't look like it 's on the brink of civil war , is it ? 
  and you know why is it so ? 
  because you know instantly who 's slovak and who hungarian . 
  unlike , say , croats and serbs , where the only difference was often whose parents went to which church , so that everybody could develop a nice and big identity crisis . 
  for fuck 's sake , current serbian president is a huge nationalist , and he has the most stereotypical croatian name possible . 
  i mean , look at rwanda , the place that managed to achieve the biggest genocide post-ww2 . 
  what 's the difference between tutsis and hutus ? 
  * height * . 
  the blurrier the line between two groups , the more intense the rivalry will be . 
  yeah , but those maronite scumbags were allied with ~ ~ israel ~ ~ mordor . 
  they are obviously worse than anyone ever . 
   you mean peaceful like serbia ? 
  montenegro ? 
  albania ? 
  all strife in this region that we still see is , ultimately , the fault of ottomans . 
  because of ottomans , the normal process of ethnogenesis was interrupted . 
  because of them we had huge migrations of all ethnicities for hundreds of years , which lead to ethnic/linguistic lines getting blurred . 
  because of that , new ethnicities were built on religious grounds . 
  ( the only country in western balkans that did n't have massive ethnic conflict in 20th century is slovenia , which , coincidentally , is the only country that was relatively untouched by ottomans ) . 
  without ottomans , the balkan states could develop as any state in western europe developed , out of their own feudal relationships and not as a product of fight against islam . 
  without ottomans , there 'd be no islam in the balkans and no history of oppression of christians by muslims , which is still used as a way to destabilize bosnia . 
  without ottomans , ultimately , ethnic makeup of kosovo and croatia would be radically different , since there would be no mass serb migration from ottoman-held territories to habsburg-held territories . 
  so yeah . 
  europe in 1930s and 1940s was a massive clusterfuck , but it could get resolved , unlike balkans , where even a catastrophe like ww2 was n't enough for everybody to finally get over the old rivalries . 
  i bet it already does , but you know far-righters are a bit dense . 
  which of course does n't apply to nagorno karabakh , or somaliland , or even abkhazia for that matter . 
  i 'm not a law expert , so all i know about that is what i learned from googling , which is that the ius cogens status of self-determination is still kinda murky . 
  i do n't know . 
  since those were the terms of the treaty , what would be the repercussions of breaking it ? 
   i do n't understand all that criticism of the gro\u00dfdeutsche idea . 
  afaik anschluss is forbidden by the austrian state treaty . 
  funnily , he 's held in much lower esteem in slovenia than anywhere else . 
  [ space station . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/herman_poto%c4%8dnik ), 
  good luck achieving that .
