  i asked him about the canadian affair and he did n't remember that happening . 
  ( i also asked him about war crimes and he said `` whatever happened happened for a reason '' . 
  my little city can into orange !, 
   tax the nature . 
  oh , we already do that like pros . 
  way less . 
  rip, 
  not until they started speaking . 
  apparently at home , convinced that dad stayed late at work . 
  if it happened at all . 
  my relative was quite an important person in that operation and he ca n't remember any incident with unprofor . 
  guy verhofstadt and his kids ? 
  there is only one god , but i ca n't really talk about it because the whole thing is supposed to be secret . 
  it 's depressed in almost every sense of the word . 
  1 ) bosniaks wo n't let srpska go without a fight . 
  2 ) if serbs go , croats will want to go too and that rather complicates matters . 
  there are still croat enclaves in bosniak territory and the other way around , so the federation split will require ... well ... some * ethnic exchange * , as karad\u017ei\u0107 nicely put it . 
  3 ) territorial problems , like br\u010dko . 
  it would be quite retarded to have a part of your country connected to the mainland only with a strip of land two kilometers wide . 
  especially if the first neighbors are extremely hostile , as bosniaks would likely become . 
  4 ) separation of srpska would be a grave breach of dayton accords , and neighboring countries are required to intervene , and they will , especially if shooting starts . 
  but on whose side ? 
  it has a huge potential to become another general balkanic bloodbath . 
  5 ) bosniak politics would lose one of the main excuses for keeping wahhabis on the leash . 
  what to do with it ? 
  it sticks like a sore thumb inside serb and croat territory , and both sides would probably try to get it and * ethnically exchange * the local bosniak population . 
  ... and so on . 
  nothing good can come from splitting bosnia . 
  german speciality since friedrich the great . 
  and when that one gets solved we are back to the square one . 
  facepalm . 
  with idiots like these one really starts to ask himself was the freedom of speech such a good idea . 
  how much is that still a factor ? 
  i imagine russians did some paving in the last 70 years . 
  they sent a formidable force of 300 invincible men . 
  `` this is budapeeeeeest '', 
  oh , together we would beat russia back relatively easily in a conventional war ( but you know that war would be nuclear , which is why it wo n't be ) . 
  the issue is that we would n't act together . 
  every second country would try to strike a backroom deal with russia . 
  it 's true , but then you had guys like visconti who tried to match the words to lips the best they could ; on the other hand , there were fellini and pasolini who deliberately left them mismatched . 
  there was a joke that fellini used to tell his actors to just count to ten out loud if they forgot their lines . 
  czechoslovakia and poland got betrayed in ww2 . 
  croatians betrayed bosniaks in the 90 's . 
  italy has an uncanny knack for starting wars on losing side and ending on winning . 
  `` be careful of your enemy once and of your friend a thousand times . '', 
  you must be gravely mistaken if you think anyone cares about finland , or any country except their own for that matter . 
  if russia decides to attack and america decides to sit out of that one europe is done . 
  and it worked so well they have n't won a single proper war from 1848 until they fell apart . 
  ( the schleswig war does n't count , prussians won that one , austrians were half-assing it from the start . ), 
  yugoslav people 's army back in business . 
  it 'd hilarious because slovenes say exactly the same thing about croatians . 
  not personally :d, 
  good morning from maribor !, 
  it 's 10:15 here , and i 'm just getting ready to start working on a teleplay in a caf\u00e9 close to my flat . 
  the weather 's nice and breezy , radio 's playing ramones and i think this will be a good day . 
  you 'll never take my leskovac barbecue !, 
  they talked about that shit on my brother 's university . 
  apparently not only they say radon is beneficial , they also claim that their radon is better than yours ( since it tends to concentrate in every basement ) . 
  exactly . 
  is n't tax already  100 % ? 
  i do n't know if anyone starts smoking purely to look cool . 
  i mean , it is a factor , but usually not the main one . 
  some smokers i know started out of rebellion . 
  i started out of boredom . 
  my grandma started to curb appetite and get thin . 
  i still get it every morning ( and i smoke about 20 a day ) . 
  automatism ? 
  yes , but also a way of coping with stress . 
  toothpicks just are n't the same , plus it 's hard to get all those particles of wood out of your mouth once you chew it well enough . 
  i actually never coughed . 
  that was also one of the reasons why i allowed myself to get hooked . 
  i thought , `` oh , this is n't so bad , i wonder what other bullshit they told me . '', 
  why do people smoke marijuana if heroin 's just as illegal ? 
  do n't forget accents . 
  filming in english would destroy local actors . 
  italian films for italian audiences do use dialects . 
  now , if you mention fellini because he filmed in an era where italians dubbed their own movies too , well ... 
  he also mismatched lip movements and voices on purpose , to make everything seem even more surreal . 
  damn . 
  macedonia just ca n't catch a break , can it ? 
  yes , exactly . 
  fuck it then . 
  there 's not much space in that country . 
  yeah , you 're probably right . 
  i never lived in a pre-ww2 building , and the new apartment blocks are basically commie blocks with fancier facades and staircases . 
  is n't that valid for every apartment building ever ? 
  the biggest difference between commie block and fancy gated block was that in commie block neighbors blamed the building for being noisy while in gated block they blamed me . 
   wait , what ? 
  commie blocks are quite cozy when properly maintained . 
  [ my neighborhood . 
  ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/49376054.jpg ), 
  ah , like ex american president jurij bu\u0161 ? 
  i know . 
  \u017di\u017eek simply ca n't be not bombastic . 
  it 's quite hard to have a high corruption rate when you legalize it . 
  edit : a bit off-topic , but a very popular male name , alja\u017e , used to be an uncommon surname until it was once mistakenly listed as a first name in slovenian orthography . 
   `` my book is simply a * great * , desperate call for not keeping silent about this . '' stay humble , slavoj . 
  until it was n't anymore , and by that i mean from joseph ii on . 
  i 'm mildly disappointed . 
  ( or yugoslavs , but only in case you still do n't distinguish us  ),
