  we are the perfect punching bag for both frustrated far right chumps and snotty caviar leftists in the west . 
  til fat power activists belong to the right wing, 
  liberia ? 
  yeah , i guess it 's easy to have high civic participation by young people when your expected lifespan is 40 years . 
  so why does n't usa simply attack russia and be done with putin bullshit once and for all ? 
  if they 're the only superpower they should be able to do it . 
  do they leave their parents at 18 because they 're rich ? 
  are they rich because they leave parents at 18 ? 
  or do they leave parents at 18 and they 're rich ? 
  hopefully it will turn out better than that depp/angelina abomination . 
  and get picked up by refugee savers ? 
  it 's poop yes , but poop you do n't touch . 
  unfortunately , the criteria are nukes . 
  this guy is up there with the recent nobel laurate . 
  ( hehe , i uploaded this one . ), 
  pure slovenian is not my native language . 
  anyway , it would be [ this one ] ( https://youtu.be/1pecugqjljw ) . 
  for the last couple of weeks it 's been '' [ lijepe \u017eene prolaze kroz grad ] ( https://youtu.be/e0glk-yvwme ) '' ( pretty women walk around town ) by azra . 
  here it 's common too , `` kadi\u0161 kot turek '' . 
  too bad . 
  we 'd be somewhere at the top . 
  i had a slovenian great-grandfather who , as a conscript in italian army , was stationed in eritrea . 
  so yes , it did live . 
  thankfully not too long . 
  this thread has officially gone full retard . 
  even more fat krauts with portable refrigerators . 
  imagine my surprise when a girlfriend once told me that i need to come quicker . 
  wtf , no protection is totally un-catholic . 
  true catholics fuck with protection and outside marriage and then they go to confession . 
  poland is , as always , triggered . 
  it took a limb from moldova too because it kept eye contact with romania for more than 5 seconds . 
  we call it just macedonia here , officially republic of macedonia . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  this is the first time i heard something like that . 
  except schr\u00f6dinger 's nukes , that is , nukes that simultaneously exist and do n't exist as long as you do n't look at them , currently available only in israel . 
  [ fade out . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trypwicfqdc ), 
  toddler with nukes . 
  same teachers , same methods . 
  human fish best fish . 
  stingy , uptight , bureaucratic , no sense of humor , xenophobic , mommy issues , wannabe germans . 
  that 's one seriously cool movie . 
  i mean , miles davis did the soundtrack . 
   what makes a car appealing ? 
  availability of car services . 
  sooner or later this will lead to such a shitstorm that october revolution will seem like a disney movie compared to it . 
  i hope i 'll be dead by then . 
  we apologize . 
  forget it , they pay too well . 
  i 'm not german , so i just laugh along . 
  i also do n't mind slovenian stereotypes because i 'm croatian , and croatian stereotypes do n't bother me because i live in slovenia . 
  being an immigrants has its perks . 
  so ... how 's the situation with cartels ? 
  oh come on , bavaria is less than 15 % of germany 's population and german stereotype is still oktoberfest , lederhosen and slap dance . 
  that 's a double standard that i 'm okay with . 
  yeah , it 's quite cozy here on the sunny side of the alps . 
  fertile land , warm weather and invaders who mostly do n't give a shit . 
  she has a tumor on her uterus because of which she must n't take pills , and no other option 's as safe as wearing a condom . 
  my dad refused to do that , which lead to two unwanted pregnancies , a dead bedroom and world of shit for everyone in the family . 
  all because he could n't not fuck her or throw a condom on . 
  cause sex with condom does n't feel that good . 
  fuck him and fuck any guy who causes an unwanted pregnancy , i say . 
  keep calm and eat your potatos . 
  the argument is mostly about * your * wallet and comfort vs. * her * emotional and physical well-being . 
  as a kid of a woman who went through two ( 2 ) abortions , i know what side i 'm on . 
  if that makes me a sexist , cool , so be it . 
  if there 's few men who 'd get fucked by their woman , i 'm cool with that , because if they did n't think they need to fuck her regardless of consequences ... well , there 'd be no consequences . 
  okay . 
  when guys become able to get pregnant and risk their life and reproductive ability , and when they become able to withstand that pain , then they can decide if they want to carry that baby or not . 
  until then , they still have choice not to have sex if they are n't ready to have a kid . 
  iran could be a great recent case study about dangers of revolution . 
  those who started the uprising to bring down shah 's quite nasty dictatorship wanted democracy , republic and social ( or even socialist ) economic policies . 
  somehow that movement became led by islamists , who promptly installed an even worse dictatorship . 
  it would be fascinating if it was n't so tragic . 
  as i said , * also * his choice . 
   agreeing to have sex is not agreeing to be a parent . 
  and agreeing to drive does n't mean agreeing to get in a car crash , but it happens . 
  sex is inherently risky . 
  if you 're not willing to accept that risk , refuse sex . 
  if sex happens anyway it 's rape . 
  unenforceable until we start living in thx 1138 world . 
   yes . 
  that 's precisely what i said . 
  because if you are responsible for pregnancy in consensual sex you are also responsible for becoming pregnant during rape . 
   you can also state that people are responsible for their own death if they get murdered . 
  because i said that people are responsible for their death if they commit suicide . 
  i think your sarcasm will fly over some heads here . 
  exactly . 
  pretty much all the cases of unwilling fathers and mothers could be avoided if only they paid attention who they sleep with . 
  i have 27 years now and the only proper fathers i 've seen in my entire life are my grandpa and my brother 's girlfriend 's dad . 
  all others were doing more harm than good to their kids . 
  so if there 'd be no paycheck by them , most of them would be completely useless . 
  but it was his choice to have sex with her , and therefore also his responsibility . 
  rule # 1 : always use condom , even if she 's on birth control . 
  rule # 2 : do n't stick your dick in crazy . 
  of all mid-eastern countries iran intrigues me the most . 
  it seems like it would be an okay country if they did n't have such bad luck with government . 
  not enough [ chest hair ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_no_whcy8e2m/saqg8e4w8di/aaaaaaaaaki/acxzxkecoec/s1600/img_1593.jpg ), 
  i 'll just leave [ this ] ( http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/romanian-army-soldiers-looks-at-a-car-buried-in-the-mud-in-agas-near-picture-id51130219 ) right here . 
  yes , he was in medak pocket , in staff of a cro brigade to be precise .
