  explains your hate towards politburo . 
  in few words : do n't besiege croats . 
  all that history before 30 years of japanese occupation does n't count ? 
  korea is a relatively new country ? 
  okay , okay , we 're working on it . 
  shit . 
  fuck it , let 's switch back to latin just to annoy anglos . 
  okay , was it proven wrong ? 
  because fukuyama obviously was . 
  ( i have n't read it , i only know what i found out from mentions and reviews . ), 
  as for serbia , radi\u0107 was n't against yugoslavia by default - it was pretty clear we 'd have to do it , for the reasons you wrote about . 
  he was against entering without having fixed the type of government , and that was the mistake other politicians made . 
  [ here 's radi\u0107 's speech ] ( https://vecernji.hr/vijesti/sto-je-stjepan-radic-tocno-rekao-prije-96-godina-975323 ) : you 'll see it was rather pragmatic , not just wishful thinking . 
  is the nickname meant to be ironic ? 
  been there . 
  it actually still has pretty amazing acoustics . 
  ehm ... we kinda kicked their asses for three years on so\u010da while outnumbered and outgunned . 
  i reckon we 'd kick their ass again with a bit of effort . 
  dude ... 
  i 'm an immigrant . 
  granted , we did it for purely economical reasons , but still , dammit , this here is complete refusal to accept and adapt . 
  we did it the normal way and found next to no sympathy from anyone , because that 's what immigrants go through , plus we 're dirty southerners ( back then there was much more xenophobia in slovenia than today . ), 
  but what pissed me off the most was that clueless aid worker . 
  i think in early july 1991 slovenia had bigger and better equipped army than croatia , you know . 
  jna did it pretty much on its own . 
  neither serbia nor croatia had anything to do with intervention in slovenia . 
  if anything , croatian leadership can be criticized for shitting their pants and not ordering blockade of jna barracks right away . 
  oh , you mean that invincible army that could n't take one fucking town in three months ? 
  yugoslav presidency used simple majority to reach decisions . 
  as for sources , you 'll get them in two hours , i 'm on my way home right now . 
  lol , 25 % of jna troops involved deserted or surrendered in ten days , of which four were spent on cease-fires . 
  who 'd annihilate whom ? 
  there 's actually a group of severely retarded people in slovenia that claims just that , and insists that slovenia should sue croatia for war damages . 
  listen , tvrtko , or saigo or whatever your name is , there was no vote . 
  kadijevi\u0107 made that proposal , bora said he does n't support it , proposal was withdrawn . 
  so stop lying , goddammit . 
  that 's just those named on wikipedia . 
   map of known mass graves in bosnia while i 'm not defending serbs , you being misleading does n't help your cause . 
  the title is : `` mass graves in b&h for which bosnian serbs and jna are responsible '' . 
  of course the map wo n't have many dots in areas not under their control for most of the war . 
  let me tell you the emergency service logic , as put by a nurse in the local er : `` if it 's really urgent , we 'll be late anyway . 
  if it 's not , why the rush ? '', 
  what 's the point of having an uncle in the police if not to secure a job for you ? 
  no id $ a. 
  lol . 
  our refugees in ww2 were dumped into a fucking desert in egypt . 
  this article is fucking infuriating . 
   `` living in europe is very different from the picture we drew in our minds when we left syria , '' she says . 
  `` we were idiots . '', 
  yes . 
  yes you were . 
   she cites [ ... ] the lack of a strong community of migrants . 
  and that 's supposed to make the integration easier ? 
   `` sometimes i feel like we are competing with a dream , '' she says . 
  \\* headdesk \\*, 
  is this sour grapes because poland could into space irl , but norway still can not ? 
  true . 
  and shameful , for everyone involved . 
  i do n't think i 'll ever understand that mindset . 
  neither what pushes people to torture other people , nor the rationalization of the type `` so what , they have camps too . '', 
  i guess the exile of a bit over a million croats and bosniaks was just fine and dandy . 
  they did absolutely nothing in ' 91 , luckily it was over even before it properly started . 
  just in case you 're serious : 1 ) st. cyril and methodius , two byzantine priests of most probably slavic origins , invented the glagolitic script while spreading christianity in greater moravia , because no existing script could properly represent sounds found in slavic languages . 
  2 ) since glagolitic script was n't very readable or easy to write , st. clement of ohrid and his colleagues simplified it into cyrillic script in what was then bulgaria . 
  ah , so you 're just trolling . 
  dumb me . 
  this mistype deserves not to be fixed . 
  it was developed by st. clement of ohrid , a bulgarian , in order to make an actually writeable script for slavic languages based on glagolitic script and greek alphabet ( which was in turn based on phienician alphabet , so if you want to go that route we are writing right now on a script invented by phoenicians ) . 
  i mean , he 's not completely wrong . 
  ohrid is today in macedonia , is n't it ? 
  ( inb4 macedonia is in greece ) edit : i was wrong . 
  absolutely not . 
  cyrillic script was developed in ohrid , in today 's maxedonia , which was part of bulgaria at the time . 
  edit : i was wrong . 
  funny , just today one of them ( igor bav\u010dar , ex-interior minister , ex-ceo of oil company istrabenz ) got sentenced to five years . 
   russia is a continent . 
  nice . 
  who would n't jump at such opportunity ? 
  i , personally , think we need eu because otherwise the whole continent would have no choice but to choose whose bitch to be . 
  i believe that i would be pro-yugoslavian for the same reason if i was born 30 years earlier . 
  the main fuck-up was , in my opinion , done on 1 december 1918 , when we ignored radi\u0107 's warnings and rushed like geese into the fog . 
  we ( croats and slovenes ) went into the common country without ensuring it would be a federation , and serbs felt that their sacrifices in ww1 were rewarded by loss of independence . 
  shame on trumbi\u0107 , shame on koro\u0161ec for getting scared of fucking italians . 
  well , glad to hear it . 
  i do n't ski so i do n't follow it , but i know it would be a shame if a company with such a reputation just went belly-up . 
  tam barely exists more than on paper . 
  as for peko , the last i heard about them was that it was in limbo since the workers wanted to take it over and turn it into co-operative , while simultaneously some shoe designer bought the trade-mark . 
  it 's a mess . 
  ah yeah , the company that i really like is impol . 
  delaying privatization in 1991 was the right thing to do . 
  delaying it in 2005 was a mistake , true . 
  where are you from ? 
  in slovenia those files are accessible in the national archive . 
  i have also family members who were tailed by udba in australia , but i know that they hung out with usta\u0161e down there . 
  is n't it , like , bankrupted since forever ? 
  in 20th century it was too late to do that . 
  we were all ( except macedonians ) fully formed nationalities with our distinctive cultures , literature and institutions . 
  we edged them out because we were n't behind the iron curtain . 
  edit : grammer, 
  you mean those from 1929-1939 ?
