  in operations against germans , in the northern parts of yugoslavia , some red army units took part in the last months of war . 
  they doubtlessly fought bravely against germans and suffered great losses . 
  on the other hand , the attitude of many officers and soldiers in those units was not in accordance to expectations of our people on how red army soldiers were supposed to behave . 
  wherever red army units passed , people would complain about excesses of many officers and soldiers . 
  a large number of women and girls was assaulted , many were raped , there were reports of murder and robbery . 
  initially , attempts were made to explain to people those were just isolated incidents , but the number of crimes was steadily rising . 
  it was massively harmful to the reputation of the red army and soviet union , and it was also a problem to our political work , since before the war we told our people completely different stories about the red army . 
  the atrocities became so widespread they became a serious political problem . 
   in total , our government organs received 1219 reports of rape , 359 of rape attempt , 111 of rape with murder , 248 of rape with murder attempt and 1204 reports of robbery with physical harm committed by individual officers and soldiers of the red army . 
  among the raped girls there was also a secretary of the district committee of the communist youth in vojvodina . 
  even the wife of a member of the national committee [ provisional government ] was assaulted . 
  there were some cases of rape in belgrade which caused resentment among our soldiers and citizens . 
  already during the battle for belgrade , in october 1944 , a female courier of the 6th lika division , carrying an order to the frontline , was stopped by a russian captain who tried to rape her . 
  when she resisted , he wounded her with a knife and raped her while she was unconscious . 
  especially two cases in \u010cukarica caused great disturbances among inhabitants of belgrade . 
  several russian soldiers gang-raped the daughter of a worker in sugar plant , who was communist party member since 1939 . 
  this girl was so demoralised and beaten-down that she ceased all political activities . 
  another citizen in \u010cukarica invited a group of soldiers , petty officers and officers to a dinner in his house . 
  after the dinner , when the russians got drunk , a red army major assaulted the host 's wife in front of him . 
  when he attempted to defend her , russians threw him out ; while he was running around the neighborhood screaming for help , his wife was raped by seven russians . 
  this event caused a real stupefaction in belgrade . 
   after this incident politburo of the cpy arranged a meeting with chief of the soviet military mission , general korneyev , to inform him about the shameful behaviour that was destroying the reputation of the red army . 
  our generals peko dap\u010devi\u0107 and ko\u010da popovi\u0107 were present at this meeting . 
  the remarks were made in friendly and comradely form . 
  milovan \u0110ilas then said that those excesses were additionally nasty because the belgrade bourgeoisie used them against the red army and commented that the english officers ( who were present in their military mission at the supreme headquarters of our army ) were behaved better than the soviet ones . 
   but korneyev refused to even listen to our complaints . 
  he immediately started protesting :  `` in the name of the red army command , i protest against these accusations because they are untrue ! '', 
  source : v. dedijer , * prilozi za biografiju josipa broza tita * , belgrade 1955 , pp . 
  translation mine . 
  can i ask why ? 
  funny that the only guy i got an answer from is a finn . 
  how did he get the money for all his activism ? 
  i enjoy triggering nationalists , and russian nationalists are uncommonly easy to trigger . 
  but honestly , i do n't believe in inferiority . 
  i do believe in incompatibility , though , and as it seems russian ( political ) culture is fundamentally incompatible with central european . 
  dealing with russian businessmen only strengthened that conviction . 
  i do n't . 
  do you deny that russia did fuck all to fix the damage soviet union did ? 
  while killing balts , poles and caucasus peoples en masse and expelling whole ethnic groups to siberia . 
  authoritarian . 
  everything is about him and what he 'll do , which is the main hint that he only wants to be the caliph instead of the caliph . 
  considering he was tight with upper echelons with putin 's cartel before doing about-face , most probably really corrupt . 
  stop being corrupt imperialist idiots , take a moment to reflect on what your country and your grandpas did , make some amends and i 'll immediately retract everything i said . 
  exactly . 
  the story of my grandpa 's dad being burned alive in a school building in an istrian village by germans does sicken me , but at least i know that only a rare kind of idiots excuse such acts . 
  i guess partisan vets whom i recite war poems on their anniversaries would be very disappointed to hear that . 
  i 'm perfectly aware of lithuanian resistance movement in ww2 . 
  i only wish we also had an anti-communist resistance movement ( chetniks do n't count ) . 
  i 'm not talking about forest brothers . 
  i 'm talking about redditors . 
  so tell me , what would it take for your country to once in your history stop being a kleptocratic , aggressive dictatorship ? 
  and do n't say navalny . 
  he 's just another putin , a wolf in sheep 's clothing . 
  i 'm pissed off at russia because i like it . 
  first time i heard about them , so no , i 'm not saying that . 
  what i 'm saying is that this attitude `` soviets were worse because they were mass-murdering * us * , while nazis were only mass-murdering jews '' seems to be somewhat widespread among pisters on reddit from baltic countries . 
  and i find that attitude disturbing , to say the least . 
  just do n't expect balts to show any sympathy . 
  this is actually what annoys me the most about their concept of ww2 : holocaust happened to `` them '' , gulags happened to `` us '' . 
  you ca n't expect a muzhik to understand anything but knout . 
  there is no process . 
  russians genuinely support putin 's regime , which is just ussr in shiny suits . 
  russians genuinely like stalin . 
  russians genuinely think that their ( mostly self-inflicted ) suffering excuses their crimes , which they committed wherever they appeared . 
  they were raping and plundering even in yugoslavia , and we were supposed to be their allies . 
  russia will never learn anything from history . 
  russia is a basket case . 
  lol, 
  they 're in the op . 
  did you , um , read my post ? 
  because then you would , um , notice that my question was rhetorical . 
  i do n't know . 
  how come nobody really hates germans ? 
  let 's be realistic : the today 's problem is not so much what soviets did . 
  the problem is that russians genuinely think they 're good guys and i do n't know what would it take to convince them otherwise . 
  well , we 're definitely more conceited than the apes . 
   we spent half as much in real terms , on the iraq reconstruction as we had on the marshall plan ... and the marshall plan had to cover far more destruction , countries , and people . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but was n't marshall plan aimed at giving a financial boost to the new european governments so that they could do the actual reconstruction themselves , while reconstruction of iraq was instead done by american firms with iraqis only as a source of labour ? 
  aw fuck reagan , brezhnev and fahd for whipping up this cancer . 
  [ well , neither of them denied it ] ( http://www.delo.si/assets/media/picture/20110608/pahorkosor08.jpg?rev=1 ), 
   for some reason ... called edge, 
  goddammit that was a question . 
  i do n't know of a single instance where a large influx of immigrants did n't spark a xenophobic backlash at some point . 
  what false accusation ? 
  ah well , misunderstandings happen . 
  no , it happened in slovenia , but i thought it was about non-violent , low-level xenophobia being irritating . 
  i was in poland only as a tourist . 
  [ there 's actually a polish wikipedia article about the word \u010defur , for some reason . 
  ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/czefur ) kinda chauvinistically written too . 
  no idea where he got that number of illegals . 
  i felt angry , to tell you the truth , and my first impulse was to go after him and bash him across his stupid head . 
  i ultimately did n't do anything except muttering `` what an asshole '' or something . 
  why would i feel guilty ? 
  wait , are you seriously implying ukrainians and poles are the same people ? 
  sure , why not ? 
  i sit on a bus stop with my mom and talk with her in croatian ( because that 's why it 's called `` mother language '' ) and some blonde dick passes by with his girlfriend and casually but clearly says to her : `` listen to this \u010defur , they always act like they own the place . '', 
  ah , that ? 
  my then-gf 's parents actually went through her wallet and , when she caught them , explained her that they 're pretty certain that croatian guy she 's seeing is stealing her money . 
  why ? 
  because that 's what croats do , they steal .
