  in the meantime , oil companies laughed themselves to tears on their way to the bank . 
  spinal, 
  gospodar se menja , bi\u010d pa ostane in bo ostal na vekomaj , zato ker je hrbet skrivljen , bi\u010da vajen in \u017eeljan !, 
  * slaves !, 
  born to be slaves , raised to be slaves , created for slavery !, 
  the master changes , but the whip stays the same and will stay forever , because the back is hunched , used to whippings and keen for whippings !, 
  * - ivan cankar ( well , you asked for one that resonates ... ), 
  what do you mean , iceland played no part in cold war ? 
  the fact that they tend to have multiple electoral lists in particular ciuntries also helps . 
  even better , that makes it neutral . 
  there are all kinds of uneducated idiots out there . 
  and his puppet master was a canadian pizza man who definitely had a thing for fascism . 
  your point ? 
  i like it . 
  french president has unusually wide powers and is in charge of foreign policy . 
  meanwhile in real world , poland could into space 13 years before uk . 
  cukr\u010dek 's got some good chocolate . 
  it 's not , but even if it was , he found perfectly wrong place , time and topic to crack jokes . 
  no , dude . 
  [ 8 or 12 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkqg6he888a ) , that 's the question . 
  no , just nazi frogs, 
  ai n't no evidence like anecdotal evidence . 
  macedonians are merely brainwashed bulgarians . 
  you heard it on reddit . 
  now that i think , i have n't seen krtek on tv for years . 
  did they stop airing him ? 
  if so , it 's a damn shame . 
  some company that sells tools used pat & mat theme song in their commercial . 
  i 'm not sure i want to buy anything from them , 
  citation needed . 
  make \u0160tajerska great again !, 
  envy . 
  it 's our national trait , and everything bad about slovenia stems from it . 
  envy makes us spend our forces trying to one-up or fuck over our neighbors instead of collaborating for common good . 
  envy makes us invest heavily in keeping up a cute facade while nobody takes care of rotten supporting walls . 
  envy makes it difficult for us to step up for a common cause , because of the `` everything 's good as long as the next guy is worse off than me '' mentality . 
  envy forces everyone who lives in slovenia to be mediocre . 
  envy forces anyone who refuses to be mediocre out of slovenia . 
  i forgive you . 
  you 're french after all . 
  germany had powerful industrial base , hyperinflation did n't last for long and there were five-six years of economic boom before the great depression . 
  hvala !, 
  i heard you 're not supposed to answer phone with `` alo ? '', 
  in hungary , because it means `` is it horse ? '' . 
  any truth in that ? 
  yes they do . 
  in regular conversation they never say `` blagodarja '' , always `` mersi '' . 
  and why not ? 
  almost all our countries need a good clean-up . 
  ( i 'm not sure about czechia , do n't hear anything from there . ), 
  as long as those fucks are in government and have parliamentary majority , they will try to pull the same shit again some other way . 
  they need to go and not be let back . 
  and they 're still ignoring everything ? 
  fine . 
  maybe it 's time for a little general strike . 
  once their `` business partners '' start losing money they 'll soften up immediately . 
  how about we start with actually showing solidarity with our compatriots in romania , instead of being divisive ? 
  hiw about we make our politicians not pussyfoot on the issue where there 's clearly the right side and the wrong side ? 
  why is this not in production ? 
  how is trump going to force mexico to pay for his stupid wall ? 
  toys !, 
  more toys for toy soldiers to play with !, 
  [ they might actually like it ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c5/suvorov_alex_v.jpg ), 
  they just showed themselves to be intolerably timid in front of russia , too . 
  this was a mistake . 
  a costly mistake . 
  of all people it had to be timmermans ? 
  what the actual fuck, 
  khm , yeah , [ about buddhists ... ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_muslims_in_myanmar ), 
   sounds nsfl ftfy, 
  those people usually have a vested interest in bosnian breakup . 
  so you skip over all the juicy bits  it 's not just about inventing and ommitting facts . 
  i think more about the overrall narrative , what gets emphasized , what does n't , such things . 
  i think about , for example , making a huge deal about medieval principalities we actually do n't know much about apart from the fact they existed . 
  or the old story about our people being eternal innocent victims who never did anything wrong . 
  and the eternal whataboutism ( `` how could you do srebrenica ? '', 
  `` and how could you do jasenovac ? '', 
  `` yeah ? 
  and who killed radi\u0107 ? '', 
  `` and do you know how much we suffered in ww1 ? '', 
  and so on . ), 
  in bulgarian case , i was really taken aback when i realized they seemed to genuinely believe they won all the battles and lost all the wars , except for ww2 , which they fought on allied side ( wtf ??! ) . 
  the mantra about three seas and 500 years under turks was cute for a while and became annoying the 100th time i heard it . 
  also , when i told them , as a fun fact , about their wars with serbia and croatia in the middle ages , i got the answer `` well that 's the first time i heard we invaded somebody '' . 
  seriously . 
    as the european union has a single currency , the euro  the first sentence excludes my country and many others from the `` proposition '' that 's for us who have euro to decide . 
  madman theory does n't mean the president is actually a mad man , smartass , just that he acts like one to stay ahead of his rivals . 
  that 's an old tactic btw , nixon did it . 
  and that does n't work okay with euro in the mix . 
  i might have misunderstood you . 
  i thought you meant competing economic systems among eu states . 
  as in , one country is more socialist , another more liberal ... 
  this was very witty . 
  you 're a witty person . 
  ca n't do it with euro . 
  you 'd , of course , rather ditch euro , because you do n't lose anything by doing so . 
  okay . 
  it was all a matter of selecting the right orange for president . 
  guys , you have my absolute support and it seems the world is on your side . 
  maybe they avoided jail ( there may still be a loophole somewhere to imprison them ) , but they do n't deserve to sit in office one second longer .
