  but that , ultimately , leads to homogeneity . 
  `` diversity '' as it 's being forced right now is nothing else but just another , centralistic , assimilationist culture , only that this time it 's not being forced on national , but on global level . 
  to my provincial eyes , london , paris or west berlin all look the same . 
  so thank you very much , since i care about diversity i 'd rather keep the genuine one than the faceless substitute that 's being advertised under that name . 
  i lived there ; maybe it 's just my experience , but that was the only place i 've ever seen where people went out of their way to make life harder to a stranger . 
  carinthia ( basically one long , sunless , claustrophobic valley populated by hicks ) is the close second . 
  there are no respectable politicians here even in the parties i support , let alone the corrupt cesspool that is sds . 
  i 'm a croatian guy born in slovenia and raised in croatia , my dad is 100 % croatian yet was born in ljubljana , mom was born in croatia to slovenian immigrants with croatian surnames . 
  so , uhm ... one generation ? 
  yup . 
  and they like to wave with [ this map ] ( http://dl.liales.com/kozler-slo2.jpg ) . 
  they had socialism too . 
  they defined socialism as an intermediary stage towards communism , just as we did . 
  i 'd just stay where i am , thank you very much . 
  we 're all poor as fuck here in this thread . 
  in croatia both are quite rare . 
  there are some 120 people with my last name ( it actually sounds more slovakian than croatian ) , some 50 with my mom 's maiden name . 
  in slovenia my family is the only one with that last name . 
  an actually functional multi-lingual country , an actually functional direct democracy , a heavily armed population with an insanely low crime rate , huge immigrant population without ghettoization and civil strife ... 
  probably some other things too . 
  is this guy really a local legend or is it just a joke ? 
  mujo is the generic bosnian guy that 's the butt of all bosnian jokes we tell . 
  schnapps , well ... kolinje , or pig slaughter , is a big social event everywhere in the southern half of europe . 
  all the neighbors come to assist the killing the poor animal and turning it into sausages , ham , ribs and so on . 
  and as with any party , it 's nice to bring something to warm up the atmosphere , in our case rakija/schnapps . 
  i actually did speak russian in tallinn . 
  some vodka-ed up guy with an unmistakable , * thick * russian accent came up to us and started offering us his tour guide services in broken english . 
  and while the rest of my family debated on whether to hire him or not , i was looking at him wobbling and in the end snapped : '' \u0421\u043f\u0430\u0441\u0438\u0431\u043e , \u043d\u043e \u043c\u044b \u043f\u043e\u0441\u043c\u043e\u0442\u0440\u0438\u043c \u044d\u0442\u043e \u0441\u0430\u043c\u044b . '', 
  dude almost had a heart attack when he heard me . 
  he raised his hands , muttered something and almost literally ran away . 
  all i know is that you 're the exception regarding pretty much anything about politics . 
  defeat of the [ 1573 peasant revolt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian%e2%80%93slovene_peasant_revolt ) . 
  tried ? 
  i drink home-made \u0161ljivovica on the regular , i have some relatives in lika that make it just perfect . 
  here 's an example of one that does n't culturally translate that well :  the neighbours are slaughtering mujo 's baby son . 
  mujo passes by and shouts : `` hey , neighbours , you want some schnapps ? '', 
  it always seemed to me there are not as many caf\u00e9s as in ljubljana and that they are n't nearly as full . 
  some social circles , especially in rural areas , have an unspoken institution of * de\u017eurni pijanec * ( designated drinker ) . 
  he 's the guy that makes sure all the glasses are always full , that everyone drinks it to the bottom , and who employs a variety of peer pressure , shaming and annoying tactics to make sure everybody dutifully drinks until they pass out . 
  there is this fault line that developed in the 19th century and that seems will stay forever . 
  young slovenes vs old slovenes , liberals vs clericals , partisans vs domobrans , left vs right , always the same people bitching about same shit with same rhetoric . 
  at times it almost seems like there are two parallel slovenias which come to contact only on rtv comment section . 
  ( and we do have a two-party system , it 's just that the names of those two parties are n't fixed . 
  the left moved from lds to sd to ps to smc . 
  the right moved from skd to sls to sds . 
  other parties are just satellites . ), 
  very common in ljubljana and the littoral . 
  in maribor a bit less , but still a lot . 
  not so much in celje or rural areas ( unless that changed since i moved from there ) . 
  well , you know , this is balkans so any english curse of insult is cute here . 
  `` fuck the almighty god and you , my brothers '', 
  any ideology that 's opposed to freedom of thought and speech is to be opposed , violent or not . 
  well one rainy day the police found an obscure celebrity doctor eaten by his three bullmastiffs . 
  the crime scene investigation found a bloodied strap-on right next to his body . 
  it also found that he had no penis , and that he never had one . 
  the obvious assumption that he used the strap-on to fuck his dogs was later corroborated by dna test . 
  in the meantime , an unexpected shitstorm occurred . 
  it turned out those dogs had a few years earlier attacked someone , and that it was decided back then that they should be killed , but on the peronal intervention of a famous ljubljana lawyer they were left alive and given to the good doctor . 
  it so happened that the lawyer 's girlfriend was the interior minister . 
  it also turned out that she manipulated the investigation process ; the agriculture minister , on the other hand , put pressure on the press not to report about the affair . 
  what were their motivations was never cleared . 
  word on the street was that they , together with the doc , participated in that puppy love . 
  anyway , it ended with the agriculture minister being replaced , and with the interior minister 's party being completely obliterated in the elections next year . 
  not the most auspicious way for trans-men to enter public consciousness . 
  salome was getting insane amounts of shit for being trans . 
   i wonder if a child transitioning in europe is as controversial as it is in america . 
  oh yes it is . 
  trans people are not really accepted in general ( a certain scandal involving dogs made the thing much worse ) , and children transitioning are unheard of and would be a big no-no . 
  they 're quite tasty . 
  well , not anymore . 
  [ unlike the swiss . 
  ] ( http://www.newsweek.com/not-just-christmas-swiss-urged-stop-eating-cats-and-dogs-287378 ), 
  from croatia to slovenia , with my family , 15 years ago , first to a rural shithole close to austrian border ; since then we moved twice within slovenia , first to celje , then to maribor . 
  it was actually a decision we reached very quickly , in just a couple days , and we did n't even research much about where exactly are we moving to . 
  it was simply a matter of moving fast across the border or being transferred to an even worse , war-scarred shithole in croatia surrounded by landmines ( again , this was 15 years ago ) . 
  the following two-three years were really difficult . 
  my family got split ( dad only rejoined us three years later ) , the cultural shock was pretty intense , at one point we actually had no money to buy food , my mom 's employer exploited her ruthlessly and even held her in debt towards him by faking her signature . 
  so naturally at some points we were quite close to giving up and going back . 
  luckily we did n't , and it all sorted itself out ( more or less ) in the next few years . 
  now we live much better than we would back in croatia by almost any measure . 
  even the aspects that were superior in croatia back when we moved ( less exploitation of workers , more social life , less rush ) improved in slovenia in the meantime and deteriorated in croatia . 
  yeah , i noticed your answer right after posting mine . 
  roughly like austria-hungary : genuinely common foreign affairs and finances , and a common army ( but with each country also preserving its own army , i was thinking a common special forces corps and border guard ) . 
  cultural , developmental , educational , policing and other issues are prefectly okay to be solved on national level , maybe with supra-national co-ordinating bodies with limited powers . 
  lingua franca can stay english , and i see no reason why the capital should be moved from bruxelles . 
  \u017d best letter, 
  [ nobody knows , but it 's worrying ] ( https://youtu.be/dp9wp6qvbsk ), 
  along the hungarian border and in the littoral it 's normal to be genuinely bilingual and actually switch between languages in everyday ( traditional hungarian and italian minorities also help ) . 
  along the austrian border not so much , people usually learn german in school but do n't really use it outside the bare minimum . 
  slovenes and croats in the areas along their borders usually understand each other without problems . 
  yes , but i forgot the titles . 
  i liked famous five series by enid blyton better anyway . 
  no , not at all . 
  trieste going back to its rightful owners . 
  not a nationality name , but i always found it somewhat amusing that your first president was named after a slovenian town ( and my birthplace , hehe ) . 
  [ burek with cheese ] ( http://photos.travellerspoint.com/78209/r0012281.jpg ), 
  for me it 's actually been better for the last few years , since morons are now preoccupied with mena immigrants . 
  one of them not long ago bullied a random somali woman who was in the doctor 's waiting room . 
  go the fuck back , this is slovenia , how do we know you 're not hiding a bomb and so on . 
  he even gestured the finger gun to her head .
