  his point is that in resisting one antihuman regime they allied with the only one that was even worse . 
  i understand you 're advanced civilization , so can you explain to us barbaroi where exactly is the joke ? 
   i do n't mean to be rude , but this comment is an epitome of vagueness . 
  i 'm certain there are multiple reasons for this . 
  thank you , based missionaries . 
  i noticed . 
  does n't make it any more true . 
  whatever i 've been given in life is the result of hard work of my parents and grandparents and so on , and their whole generations . 
  i 'm not going to piss all over their life 's work . 
  those who are n't make excellent cannon fodder . 
  8 april 1204 was way way worse . 
  b\u00fcy\u00fck birader is talking to you !, 
  and there 's even a pretty good movie about it with rade \u0160erbed\u017eija . 
  i actually know that , i was just making a joke off a string of greek words . 
  hubris is hubris , ate is mind-blindness , nemesis is gods ' vengeance , tisis is destruction of the person who committed hubris . 
  it 's the basic plotline of a whole lot of myths and attic tragedies . 
  and some evil soul just had to downvote this . 
  krvavice 4 life . 
  any such post about ukraine that comes from russia i 'll gladly disregard as kremlin propaganda . 
   hubris ate nemesis tisis this is all greek to me . 
  sure , whatever you tell yourself . 
  i so wish you and those who think like you live a long and peaceful life , and that at the moment of your death eu is still around . 
  i read this in benigni 's voice . 
  i make a lot of sweet stuff at home , from marble cake to poppy roll to gibanica to mousse , but i simply do n't dare to make profiteroles . 
  for some reason they seem extremely tricky to make , especially that dough . 
  am i prejudiced ? 
   it was demolished a few months ago . 
  why ? 
  that 's cute . 
  i was always bilingual in croatian/italian and later i had to learn slovene up to native level . 
  add english and imagine how a conversation with me sounds . 
  i surely hope you voted remain , otherwise this would be just too hypocritical . 
   the guy wants to destroy national identity and culture which is textbook marxism . 
  i 'd like to see that textbook . 
  sure , that 's why some of us have bidets . 
  the turd goes into the toilet bowl . 
  you do n't shit into bidet . 
  there are trees in that forest . 
  of course there is . 
  there is no difference between polish and ukrainian keyboard warriors though . 
  seriously , balkan level shit . 
  so big and fat it needed to be repeated . 
  okay , good points . 
  i noticed . 
  they are annoying me the same way croat nationalists glorifying usta\u0161e and rewriting history annoy me . 
  it 's darkly funny in the way that i 've already seen everything that 's happening in ukraine right now . 
  on the other hand , i also noticed some poles foaming at the mouth at the mention of forced polonization and ethnic cleansing . 
  `` that does n't matter !, 
  they were worse ! '', 
  [ there was one the second time , but it ended up behind the barbed wire . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carl_von_ossietzky ), 
  oh , yes , forgot that one . 
  well , it 's still possible that the proofstering wrong too . 
  i 've just grown accustomed to double-checking anything that comes from russia , since it seems their narrative creators are always habitual liars . 
  that 's horrible . 
  just horrible . 
  like op said , ww2 was just too huge for a human mind to comprehend . 
  we get lost in the numbers , the battles and the events , and we simply ca n't keep track of millions of individual horror stories that did n't have any effect on the outcome . 
  but it 's those stories that make the war horrible , not the great decisions that great men make . 
  that 's also the reason why i ultimately prefer movies like cross of iron , das boot , come and see or fury to any of the war epics . 
  only they really make you feel you 're watching guys like you and me , of flesh and blood , and only such movies give you a mild taste of how frightful it all was . 
   on the topic of eastern front i can recommend the movie come and see . 
  i could n't sleep after watching that movie for the first time . 
  that image of the raped girl with the whistle haunted me for weeks afterwards . 
  i 've seen a man die , and that girl had dead eyes . 
  i do n't want to know how the makers of the movie did that . 
  another hard-hitting moment was when later , while researching for a table-top game i was making with my brother , i found a series of pics from the massacre where my great-grandfather was killed . 
  it was almost the same thing . 
  apart from obvious differences - the quisling clowns were italians , and they did n't burn them inside a church but inside a house . 
  but the rest was the same : they did put those that were n't burned alive on trucks and drive them off in an unknown direction . 
  there was a dick with a camera taking photos of people being killed . 
  there was even a nazi bitch present that went partying with soldiers after the killings were over . 
  after i read and viewed the photos , i immediately thought that i 've seen a movie version of my great-grandpa 's death . 
  and then i thought that i understand why my dad told me when i dated a german girl : `` it 's cool with me , but your grandpa would n't approve . '', 
  google again , in russian . 
  thw thing is , it 's just perfect , is n't it ? 
  that diary is some high level poetry . 
  it pushes all the right buttons , unlike anne frank diary that wastes so much time with family intrigues and anatomical details of her vagina . 
  another thing that grabbed the doubter 's attention was that it seems written with the same pencil despite the dates being months apart . 
  plus , the letter \u044f , which is the trickiest letter to write in russian cyrillic alphabet , is written super properly , above the level of a 3rd grade kid . 
  and it was found in stalin 's ussr , not exactly known for it 's devotion to truth . 
  in the words of another writer and gulag inmate karlo \u0160tajner , `` whatever the government told , it was likely that the truth is exact opposite . 
  no other country lied as much as ussr . '', 
  the only problem is it 's likely a forgery . 
  i 'm not sure what song you 're talking about , how does it smell ? 
  cool !, 
  i 'll definitely check it out when it happens . 
  there actually is n't that much dislike , otherwise we would be hearing horror stories about ukrainian immigration to poland . 
  it 's just that this kind of topic attracts a certain kind of people present in any country on this blue planet . 
  that 's why you stayed under occupation for 45 more years after the end of war . 
  you lost . 
  badly . 
  and according to your post :  man , you lost the war ... that gave germans , soviets and anyone else who got lost in polish woods the right to do with poles how they pleased . 
  the problem with chauvinists is that they successfully appropriated the nationalist label , just like commies hijacked labour movement . 
  nice . 
  so , um ... what 's going to be happening in the city ? 
  you won in 1939 ? 
  itt : poles and ukrainians find out their grandpas had blood on their hands and proceed to have a full-blown meltdown . 
  rare voices of sanity are moderately upvoted , but ultimately drowned out in sea of screeching . 
  patriotism = i love my land .
