  that shit cray ? 
  and straight porn looks like everything except sex too . 
  [ gangsta af ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxcb8pzwooi ), 
  japan , canada and ireland , motherfucking ghettoes . 
   slovenia # 7 i do n't like this ranking . 
  no , it 's doing just fine down here . 
  interesting . 
  why do you think it failed in czechia ? 
  why would n't it ? 
  i actually meant both , plus the uncanny feeling that the `` historical '' town center is just one big fancy shopping mall . 
  superiority complex . 
  at least it had from where to drop . 
  meanwhile , outside of t_d , unemployment has been dropping for quite a while . 
  i guess to execute shit . 
  i think i 'm in love . 
  i guess most people give up once they realize how much a proper restoration costs . 
  the german version of the sun . 
  [ you 're wrong . 
  ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c_9oqicumae6_no.jpg ) the irish government did try to popularize gaelic , but they failed miserably . 
  i 'm personally a fan of highly saturated photos . 
  i mean , it 's not going to look like it does irl , so it may as well look garish . 
  irish gaelic is also basically extinct yet the irish are still their own people . 
  rus and russia are not the same thing . 
  rus was the name of the people/state that existed in eastern europe in the early middle ages and from which , after many centuries and tons of wars and conquests , four distinct peoples appeared : russians , ukrainians , belarussians and rusyns . 
  russia is , well , russia . 
  so while all those peoples are descendants of rus , they definitely are n't all russians and to call them that is kinda to erase their existence . 
  not to mention that 's exactly what the russia/ussr tried to do . 
  how the hell did * that * reach denmark ? 
  really ?!, 
  i know quite a lot of majers , rozmans and [ milers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xudgwh0pya ) , but i 've never met a single gruber . 
  well that wind passes through ljubljana , of course it picks up some smugness . 
  here 's more : the word welsh has the same origin . 
  horv\u00e1th / horvat : # 1 most common in croatia and slovakia , # 2 in hungary and slovenia . 
  it stops seeming that awesome once every tomislav , ricsi and henrich have that surname . 
  / s is the way to denote you were sarcastic , since it 's hard to be sarcastic via text . 
  just that . 
  i was making a joke . 
  i see you have armenian flair , so i 'll repeat the end of my post in armenian alphabet : / \u057d, 
   make europe great again  mega i support this . 
  wow , there 's actually more rusyns in vojvodina than in ukraine today . 
  i 'm not saying they are victims . 
  i 'm saying that it 's naive to think they were unaware of the west until 2001 . 
  look , we can run from the problem but we ca n't really hide . 
  the earth is a rather small planet . 
   [ you bein ' sick , that 's your problem . 
  now dennis is sick , that 's my problem . 
  and if i get sick , that 's lucille 's problem . 
  so we got ta stop the problem . 
  we got ta stop the problem * right * now !, 
  fenster , rifle !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/yv9lprqapnw ), 
  maybe in the nato , but in yugoslavia they were portrayed as villains basically from the day one . 
  i have some old issues of start magazine ( basically yugoslavian playboy ) from the 80 's that published some rather concerned articles on grand mosque seizure and khomeini 's iran . 
  the enemy of my enemy is my friend , ey ? 
  i think they were already perfectly aware of us , considering they were the playing field of the great game and that they were invaded every few decades ever since 19th century . 
  it 's just that tech tree advanced enough in the meantime that going to europe became financially feasible . 
  because a terrorist state in afghanistan is a threat to us . 
  those were soviets , they were n't exactly geniuses . 
   multicultural more like russian . 
  stalin apparently had a massive inferiority complex from being a georgian , so he took great pains to russify everything . 
  okay , as long as the rest of the world still thinks we are a communist shithole . 
  i would n't like to have a global city here , they all look the same . 
  this song makes me want to sit in a half-track and drive to warsaw . 
  i know , my dad told me epic stories how he ~ ~ sat by the field telephone ~ ~ charged the \u010detnik hordes with his trusty zastava m70 . 
  the struggle wo n't stop until we start hearing `` kurba '' in beijing !, 
  is it still happening ? 
  i remember watching this trailer when it came out almost two years ago and heard nothing from them again . 
  maybe once we define our interests ... 
  see , kids ? 
  that 's why i 'm happy slovenia chose the gradualist approach to privatisation . 
  it 's quite far away , is n't it ? 
  great recession hit us very , very hard . 
  the lost decade is over ? 
  okay , now i need to visit it again . 
  i 'm not an idealist . 
  if a dictatorship would bring an improvement , then dictatorship it is . 
  do n't forget most european countries needed enlightened absolutism to move into modern era . 
  i totally hate myself for saying this , but maybe they need actual occupation . 
  but on the other hand , i see how masterfully the international community is handling bosnia . 
  and what if some authority finances their schooling whike making them obligated to work in afghanistan for a decade or so , and then they can leave ? 
  austria-hungary was even more strict , teachers were obligated as state employees to work in the place state chose . 
  you can find a lot of sob stories in the literature about their situation , but it kinda made slovenia at least a semi-developed land back then . 
  that 's copenhagen to you . 
  almost every landmark there is a total disappointment to a tourist , but fuck me if that city does n't look extremely cosy to live in . 
  no shit . 
  afghanistan 's education index is 0.365 . 
  that 's comparable to liberia , myanmar and dr congo . 
  hmm hmm . 
  i wonder what would happen if that index suddenly rose . 
  well it 's a pretty stupid way to live , to be blunt . 
  you 're just like the balkans in that aspect . 
  i only hope you 'll someday settle your scores , leave the past to historians and try to put your own countries into shape . 
  the cynic in me says i 'll not live to see that day , though . 
  i 'm familiar with such rewriting of history . 
  croatia basically did the same thing in the 90 's , i remember our history textbooks . 
  in some cases i realized i was being lied to only after moving to slovenia . 
  i understand ukrainian motives , but they 're playing with fire . 
  no , no , you see , muscovy was just an offshoot of golden horde which means russians are actually mongols . 
  the best example would be france and germany bickering over who has the rights to charlemagne . 
  old east slavic .
