  just look at the comments section of siol.net ( our version of fox ) . 
  or , if you really want some massive cringe , reporter.si, 
  might depend on the village . 
  we used it sometimes for punch to the head , sometimes for punch in the dick ( get it , it 's from cazzo ) . 
  for punch to the head we also used the word punja . 
  maybe i misremembered it , it 's been a while since i last talked \u010dakavian irl . 
  ts-ts-ts , you continentals ... kacot - kick in the dick besida - word kolpo - kick , punch va - in , into pi\u0161ulin - dick, 
  quite a lot , yeah . 
  there 's a dorm for erasmus students in be\u017eigrad . 
  croatia is a republic . 
  not kne\u017eevina . 
  republic . 
  res publica . 
  croatians are mostly catholic . 
  not pagan . 
  croatian language is written in latin alphabet . 
  not \u010drte i reze , but in the alphabet romans used . 
  want to go more subtle ? 
  okay . 
  is time linear or circular ? 
  does progress exist ? 
  does the cause produce the effect ? 
  does a human have free will ? 
  do nations exist ? 
  those are all the things we picked up from greco-roman civilization and christianity . 
  we did n't always have them . 
  those notions are n't universal even today . 
  you need to look no further than arab world to see there are people who simply do n't understand the concepts of cause and effect , or free will . 
  those notions are what makes us european , and they wo n't simply disappear , just like they did n't disappear when roman empire folded and pagan barbarians took over . 
  so even if demographic picture of europe radically changes , ideas will persist and keep europe distinctly european . 
  submissiveness shmubmissiveness . 
  did i say we should n't fight back against those trends ? 
  because i believe we should . 
  but even if we failed , it would n't be the end of europe . 
  europe would be different , but it would still be europe . 
  okay . 
  just to make it clear : you are croatian but you do n't speak croatian ? 
  i do n't see any romans in croatia , yet it 's pretty obvious their legacy still exists and influences the culture . 
  yeah , and europe will still be europe . 
  stays there as a caution to never go full retard . 
  okay , you got a point . 
  as far as slovenia is concerned , people either do n't know it exists or think it 's cute . 
  i only see slovenians criticizing slovenia ( or croatians , if the border circlejerk is active at the moment ) . 
  well there are multiple ways to love your country . 
  you can do it by striving to move it forward , or you can just bitch about the shit that happened in the past and be an asshole to other countries . 
  that was 100 years ago . 
  let the dead bury their own dead . 
  all i know is that i understand macedonian without any problems , while i understand some 50 % of bulgarian at best . 
  croatian academy of sciences and arts is laughable too . 
  this whole language bullshit is laughable . 
  pouty mouth wins in the first round . 
  let 's put it like this . 
  if somebody writes something in cyrillic on the internets , there 's a pretty good bet he 's an annoying nationalist . 
  european culture as we know it is already ver different from european culture in 1900 . 
  okay , this has to be wrong . 
  [ gone wrong ] [ gone sexual ], 
  some 30 000 croats , some 30 000 bosniaks , some 50 000 serbs . 
  they 're mostly concentrated along the coast and in industrial towns . 
  jesenice and velenje have the biggest share of southerners . 
  jesenice is about 30 % bosniak . 
  i was still in croatia back then , far from the frontlines tho . 
  like i said , being a kid was fun , but refugees , drugs , poverty and general feeling of chaos were n't . 
  i 'm also quite pissed off at the propaganda they were feeding us with , although i only realized it after we moved . 
  there 's always shit to steal in school and then to sell back to original owners . 
  i bought my pencil case back two or three times . 
  kids that were stealing were also usually the ones who skipped school the most and huffed most glue . 
  yeah , shitty chocolate spread from humanitarian aid , possibility that dad would n't come home from the frontline and living with three generations of our family because we could n't pay rent anymore ... well that spoiled the party a bit . 
  otherwise it was fun . 
  being a kid is always fun . 
  pain thinner ? 
  c'mon , glue is more than enough , and it also does n't look weird if you take it to school . 
  i like them . 
  i mean , no photo ever looks realistic anyway , so you may as well make it fun with those fake colors . 
  upvoted for `` no pun intended '', 
  istrijan , actually  edit : but even if i was n't , as far as i 'm concerned good wine knows no borders . 
  i know istrian wines best , so : * istrian , veralda ( teran , red ) * ru\u017ea , kozlovi\u0107 ( sweet ros\u00e9 ) * chardonnay , degrassi * malvazija , kozlovi\u0107 * malvazija , coronica * cabernet franc , arman although i did n't try it yet , i 've been recommended zlatan plavac grand cru , from island of hvar . 
  i also remember grk from kor\u010dula being really good , but it 's been a while since i tried it . 
  i ca n't really help you with continental wines , since of those i usually drink slovenian ones . 
   the whole war was planned and executed as a blitzkrieg . 
  yeah , but that blitzkrieg failed almost immediatel at the beginning and already during that war reporters were referring to it as a repeat of verdun . 
  i do n't think tanks alone really have the possibility to drive over contemporary defensive position . 
  you really need to have an overwhelming advantage in numbers and technology , as well as air superiority , so that you can wage an air-land battle such as of gulf war i or ii . 
  well , is n't it ? 
  croatia today is a super homogeneous country ( 95 % croatians , 90 % catholics ) and it used to have a huge serb minority before the 90 's . 
  genocides and ethnic cleansings solve a lot of things . 
  you wanted to be the prussia of the balkans and ... well ... that 's what ultimately happened to the other prussia too . 
  never be the prussia . 
  my neighbor was a polite old lady from timisoara or somewhere there , she worked in a bank in pula in her youth . 
  any time she called home she could n't bring herself to say the name of the city she lived in xd, 
  tanks were used a lot in iraq-iran , especially on the iraqi side . 
  i think it has more to do with firepower today overwhelming any kind of armour , that also goes together with modern tanks giving huge emphasis on survivability and shoot-first capabilities . 
  the score was already settled in 927 , 
  serbian saying . 
  context is four wars against bulgarians since their independence ( which is one more than against croatians , hehe ) . 
  like my dad . 
  he drives me crazy . 
  i like to troll him with our surname . 
  it does n't sound croatian , but it does sound a bit like a certain romanian surname , and the village our famiky comes from is next to the istro-romanian zone . 
  he always gets very defensive when i mention that , 
  okay , but seriously , what do sources say , what happened to pre-slavic and pre-bulgar population of moesia and northern thrace ?
