  ( edit word ), 
   we do n't have many heroes , but the wwii pilots surely are among them . 
  well , jan palach was an hero  but seriously , you have a lot of people you can be proud of . 
  st. wenceslaus , hus , radetzky , svoboda , bene\u0161 , havel , the list goes on . 
  you have an awesome history for a relatively small country . 
  ( edit typo ), 
  a lot of corny romantic nationalist phrases is what he had . 
  that was the part that hit me most in fahrenheit 9/11 . 
   sit down , my son . 
  we do n't read most of the bills . 
  do you really know what that would entail , if we were to read every bill that we passed ? 
  well , the good thing , it would slow down the legislative process . 
   it was first adopted in 1955 by the council of europe to represent the european continent as a whole . 
  woosh . 
  they would n't support it . 
  the whole idea is that you take the oath before the god and people and make a huge sacrifice to do it . 
  the logic is more `` you ca n't both be a man and have a vagina , so you 'll have to give up one of it '' . 
  transgenderism as individual decision would strike them as frivolous and repulsive , they 'd probably punish it by death or forced marriage . 
  nigel `` trolls for opinion polls '' farage, 
  damn , i missed the original thread . 
  anyway , the national composition of my wallet atm is : 7x italy 4x austria 3x slovenia 1x belgium , france , spain , germany and i also have some non-euro coins , four bulgarian ( i wonder how am i going to get rid of those ) and three croatian . 
   the engineers working for nasa were also from many different countries . 
  that just screams rome . 
  russia : `` lol no '', 
   this has not proven enforceable ; one fifth of the homeless in london are roma ~ ~ nian ~ ~ . 
  ftfy . 
  otherwise , romanian gypsies have a terrible reputation among slovenian gypsies , so you can imagine how terrible things are . 
  none , we work hard at alienating everybody that notices us . 
  god help us all if that happens . 
  croatia officially likes you . 
  you 've got a common enemy . 
  shh , as long as all eyes are on russia we can get away with anything . 
  * triggered *, 
  nah , totally not . 
  that balkans will show itself in comments . 
  get some popcorn . 
  [ link ] ( https://m.warhistoryonline.com/world-war-ii/the-horrific-nazi-gas-vans-the-mobile-gas-chambers.html )  invention and use in soviet union  the gas van was invented in the soviet union in 1936 , by isay berg , the head of the administrative and economic department of the nkvd of moscow oblast which suffocated batches of prisoners with engine fumes in a camouflaged bread van while on the drive out to the mass graves at butovo , where the prisoners were subsequently buried.according to aleksandr solzhenitsyn , `` i. 
  d. berg was ordered to carry out the decisions of the nkvd troika of moscow oblast , and berg was decently carrying out this assignment : he was driving people to the executions by shooting . 
  but , when in moscow oblast there came to be three troikas having their sessions simultaneously , the executioners could not cope with the load . 
  they hit upon a solution : to strip the victims naked , to tie them up , plug their mouths and throw them into a closed truck , disguised from the outside as a bread van . 
  during transportation the fuel gases came into the truck , and when delivered to the farthest [ execution ] ditch the arrestees were already dead . '' berg denied that he was inventor of the gas van . 
  true that . 
  i 've got to admit i do n't know a lot about iron guard . 
  i 've read mostly about italy , germany , spain and croatia . 
   neither does nazism . 
  you could be a muslim nazi for example as it did happen . 
  but you could n't be jewish or slavic . 
  they were officially inferior races , good only for extermination or slavery , and you could n't do anything about it . 
  italian fascists accepted everyone who decided to be italian ( as i said , until they stopped ) . 
   traditionalists that talked about the virtues of the people were lauded . 
  in italy you could be anuthing you wanted . 
  you could be a traditionalist . 
  you could be a futurist or a hermetist . 
  they allowed anything unless you were a commie . 
  nazis persecuted the entartete kunst . 
   uhm ... so that 's why picasso had to flee spain which you say is n't that bad . 
  dal\u00ec stayed and remained free and successful . 
  even bunuel , who openly took the side of republic in the civil war was given another chance , which he used to shit on franco and church ... and remained alive . 
  i said , it was a spectrum . 
  some were more oppressive , some less . 
  yes . 
  he was quite non-ideological and mostly cared about making money . 
  ( there is also this family that moved to my town and whose kids are my mom 's patients , but i did n't have much contact with them . 
  they also seem normal . ), 
  * fascism * . 
  not * nazism * . 
  there are some differences . 
  while they were both hardcore nationalists , totalitarian , in love with uniforms and cult of youth , fascism does n't have in-built racism . 
  they were obsessed with expanding their countries and spreading their culture , but fascists were n't claiming that slavs and jews are biologically inferior ( well , at least until they started doing that to suck up to hitler ) . 
  until ' 38 , you could be a fascist jew without any problems . 
  if you became italianized , you could also be a fascist with slavic origins . 
  fascists did n't prescribe what does a national culture and art look like , everything was possible as long as it did n't subvert the state ( again , here nazism has more in common with stalinism than fascism italian style ) . 
  fascism had a developed economic theory , some of which remained in use after ww2 . 
  nazism had none . 
  and , finally , all the far right dictatorships that developed in europe in the late 30 's and 40 's came to power by force , which means that they probably did n't have as much popular support as nazis , who came to power legally . 
  edit : before i get accused of something , i think fascists were a spectrum of bad . 
  they could be maniacal murderers like croatian usta\u0161e . 
  on the other end , i got the impression that franco 's spain was relatively okay to live in . 
  just like commies , albania was a much more oppressive country that yugoslavia . 
  remarkable . 
  been there . 
  as a tourist , ofc . 
  obama has already made the pivot , consequences are right in front of our eyes . 
  actually , i 'd say that stalinism was more harmful globally than nazism . 
  nazism mostly stayed confined to germany , it was n't really popular anywhere else . 
  on the other hand , stalinism had a global reach and irreparably damaged communist and generally leftist movements everywhere . 
  most of the issues with yugoslavian version of commies ( you know , those who were the first ruling party that broke off with stalin ) were caused by the fact that tito never really ceased to be a stalinist . 
  oh no , everything was debatable in nazi leadership except that jews must go . 
  bit , as i said elsewhere , you were equally fucked under stalin, 
  fuck off and go back to stormfront . 
  soviet jews only survived because stalin died before he could kill them all . 
  he planned the extermination by gulag in the 50 's , doctor 's plot was meant to be trigger for it . 
  so yes . 
  once you consider nazis lifted many of their methods wholesale from stalinists ( gestapo was carbon copy of nkvd , gas vans were a soviet invention ) and that stalin tried to get rid of ukrainians , estonians , latvians , lithuanians , poles and chechens ... yeah . 
  stalin was the nadir of 20th century . 
  let 's not even talk about ideological damage . 
  nazism , fascism , maoism , all those were repudiated quickly after their leaders went off the scene . 
  vestiges of stalinism are still here . 
  agreed , stalin was the biggest shit that happened to world in 20th century . 
  never again .
