  they did n't form military troops in ' 40 . 
  they did organizational preparations so that they could easily form guerrilla detatchments once germany would invade . 
  yeah , i called it people 's liberation struggle . 
  that 's how commies called it , and i was quoting them . 
  if you remember , the whole debate was that i claim the war started on april 6th , you claim it started on june 22nd . 
  i claimed that commies considered the partisan fight as a continuation of the war started on april 6th , and by extension , ww2 as a whole . 
  they did n't consider themselves fighting for ussr , never . 
  ussr were allies , not commanders , which is proved by them not listening to stalin 's wishes against preparing and launching an uprising . 
  great patriotic war = / = people 's liberation struggle . 
  never was . 
  never will be . 
  what commies liked to overlook is that , actually , fighting never really stopped . 
  in my city , maribor , first anti-german attacks were already on april 29th . 
  around sanski most a rebellion erupted already in the second week of may . 
  in the first week of june there was another rebellion in eastern herzegovina . 
  most of these attacks were lead by yugoslav royalist officers who refused to surrender . 
  and even then , if there was no war until 22nd june , who killed or wounded those 4000 axis troops before the capitulation , huh ? 
   it takes two to have a war . 
  there were two . 
  germany/italy/hungary / bulgaria as the invader , yugoslavia as the defender . 
  that the defence did n't work properly is beside the point . 
   also its participants , or at least its goals , should n't have changed . 
  not really . 
  check the war of the league of cambrai . 
  or thirty years ' war . 
  or ww2 , unless you count it as a new war each time another country entered it . 
  so what if commies were praising ustashas in ' 29 ? 
  not only is that irrelevant in this discussion , but alliances are made and broken all the time . 
  who gave a fuck about ustashas in '40 anyway ? 
   we shifted the dates in our history books afterwards . 
  when ? 
  also , [ citation needed ] . 
  phase one was april war until capitulation of kingdom of yugoslavia . 
  phase two was people 's liberation struggle . 
  and since when does preparing for war mean starting a war ? 
  schlieffen 's plan was devised in 1905 , does that mean ww1 started back then ? 
  tell that to spaniards who kept fighting against napoleon . 
  tell that to bulgarians who fought against turks in macedonia . 
  tell that to francisco franco . 
  yes they are . 
  resisting an occupying or tyrannical force is totally legitimate . 
  you count your own italian resistance as illegitimate ? 
  even if italian republic is partially based on it ? 
  so , flattening a city is not an act of war . 
  got it . 
  and fpry did n't exist until late ' 45 , and three years later they were already openly at odds with stalin . 
  covertly our commies were disobeying him at least since ' 40 , when they started with war preparations despite comintern 's orders not to do it , since commies and nazis were supposed to be friends at that point . 
  i do n't know about you , but i read my parents ' history textbooks and it was always mentioned that war in yugoslavia started on april 6th . 
  what started on june 22nd was phase two , people 's liberation struggle . 
  if you did n't know that , inform yourself . 
  if you did , do n't lie . 
  i do n't know wtf are you talking about . 
  so what happened in april was a romantic walk with germans through the hills . 
  capitulation was signed over a bottle of premium wine , with candles , and was sealed by a big wet kiss . 
  and who else was there ? 
  leaders of maspok '71 were commies too . 
  everybody who had any experience in running anything bigger than his household was a commie . 
  the old usta\u0161as in emigration were old , decrepit and totally uninterested in going back into politics . 
  and let 's not forget that our glourious vice-pm who talks so much about lustration is a former udba agent too . 
  that 's called total war . 
  let 's not forget that ww2 in yugoslavia started with bombing of belgrade , an open city . 
  perps not apprehended , pkk leadership claiming they did n't order the attack ... yeah . 
  i do n't know , could be the same unidentified gunner that did the first kill in lebanon '75 or bosnia ' 92 . 
   have you noticed azra 's material have been the primary motive for those copyright squads around here ? 
  really ? 
  i did notice however that johnny removed all of azra videos from youtube , aside from his own recordings from that amsterdam basement . 
  ( damn , such a good musician , but such a douche . ), 
  anyway , that 's quite a good job translating , i could n't do it better . 
  no idea why your top comment is downvoted tho . 
  for future reference : vlasi ( vlachs ) / br\u0111ani ( highlanders ) = serbs turci ( turks ) / balije ( bad muslims ) = bosniaks \u0160kutori ( people from shkoder ) = croats, 
  and who do you think would command you if you leave eu ? 
  i read in karlo \u0160tajner 's `` 7000 days in siberia '' about the only time prison authorities gave vodka . 
  prisoners lined up in a single line , and the warden personally poured vodka in a small glass . 
  prisoners were enjoying themselves , making yummy sounds and telling each other how good it was . 
  and nobody dared to say out loud they were drinking water from yenisey . 
  like it was said in a famous croatian tv series : `` if the patient gets better , virgin mary saved him ; if he dies , it 's doctor 's fault . '', 
  okay , no idea what is this supposed to represent . 
  what about you ? 
  okay , partially surrounded . 
  syria is still officially at war and lebanon harbors hezbollah . 
  better ? 
  ~ ~ croatia ~ ~ socialist democratic totally independent republic of istria . 
  when baby seals start to grow on oak trees . 
  i 'd love to tell you so , but since i came to slo i only met three guys from bosnia who were n't blue collar workers . 
  one was an exchange student . 
  yup , i noticed that cro politics seems quite stable . 
  slovenia , on the other hand ... well , we 're right now on our 12th government , of which : * 1992 . 
  government peterle i , vote of no cofidence * 2000 . 
  government drnov\u0161ek iii , interpellation * 2002 . 
  government drnov\u0161ek iv , pm elected for president . 
  government pahor , vote of no confidence , snap elections * 2013 . 
  government jan\u0161a ii , vote of no confidence * 2014 . 
  government bratu\u0161ek , resigned . 
  no way they 'll get rid of confidence vote , how would otherwise party bosses get rid of a pm who became a liability ? 
  fuck me if i know . 
  for example , [ this bridge ] ( http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/09/a0/eb/2c/tanners-bridge.jpg ) leads across a meadow . 
  according to what they publish on their website , they are still pretty much only rescuing refugees out of the sea and transporting them to the nearest port/merchant ship . 
  now , if there 's also something they do n't publish ... 
  they did . 
  croatia already did it .
