  this way i 'm just imagining someone 's jimmies being gently rustled and chuckling to myself . 
  you 're in luck : http://sovietmoviesonline.com/en/fantastic/ wooh , where to begin . 
  if you want to start with a family friendly adventure , try * visitor from the future * . 
  if you want post-apocalyptic stuff , * dead man 's letters * . 
  for modern flick with lots of action , * hardcore henry * . 
  for smart laughs , * kin-dza-dza * , for dumb laughs * ivan vasilevich - back to the future * '' ... see for yourself . 
  and then there are elephants in the room : * solaris * and * stalker * , both directed by tarkovsky . 
  both of them are among the very best movies i have ever seen and i can not recommend them highly enough . 
  but you absolutely must approach them with an open mind and lots of time on your hands , because they 're anything but normal films . 
  it 's exactly halfway between siesta and nirvana . 
  a bad emperor who ultimately did more harm than good , but r.i.p. 
  nevertheless . 
   and if any russians have other interesting russian sci-fi oh yes they do . 
  books or films ? 
  dude . 
  it 's like if the family name was [ himmler ] ( http://www.verwandt.de/karten/absolut/himmler.html ) and parents decided to name the baby heinrich . 
   i put the criminal 's victim in the same place as the fetus . 
  i think this is the key point of our disagreement . 
  a victim of a murder is a developed human being with an individual life and with a place in a society . 
  a fetus is not . 
  early enough it does n't even have his organs or nervous system , it simply is n't fully human yet . 
  the longer the pregnancy lasts , the more human it is . 
  ( late term abortions should therefore stay banned , but if early term are legal , they wo n't even be necessary . ), 
  a dumb illustration : could you slaughter a chicken yourself ? 
  maybe yes , maybe no . 
  but you have no problems cracking an egg . 
  question # 3 is also off the point because you are comparing two completely different things - abortions to pregnancies , and maternal deaths to fetal deaths . 
  same in maribor , but let 's face it , we were super fancy compared to your average commie nation . 
   for abortion , the death rate of the fetus is 10,000 deaths per 10,000 abortions . 
  of the fetus . 
  a woman that went through a proper , sanitary abortion will have another chance of conceiving a child in a matter of weeks . 
  a dead woman wo n't . 
   personally , i do not see one reason for abortion than hedonismus . 
  personally , i agree with you . 
  but i ca n't decide that instead of someone else who 'd have to go through pain and a life-threatening situation . 
  i do n't stand to lose or gain anything with legalization or ban on abortions . 
  women do . 
   and please , let me know : no and no . 
  but i hope you are aware such things have happened and still happen in less developed areas with impunity . 
  we solved it here by adoptions and foster homes . 
  abortions are also here to stay . 
  we can make them legal or illegal , does n't matter , women who do n't want to carry the child will do them no matter what . 
  all we can do is choose whether they 'll go to the doctor or use the hanger . 
  but you had to endure nine months of pregnancy and childbirth , which is the most painful thing known to humankind , and also life-threatening . 
  tell us more . 
  i 'd agree with you , but peczko says it 's not . 
  in both cases we democratically decided what to do with someone else 's life against his will . 
  wheatley ? 
  thank you , then you know how it looks like when your whole life construct suddenly crumbles . 
  there is a slight difference between our scenarios . 
  first , your parents ' children were already born at that point , and child murder is illegal everywhere . 
  second , childbirth is [ dangerous ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maternal_death ) , and bad socio-economic situation is an additional risk factor . 
  i ca n't deny women the right to make a decision regarding something that could kill them . 
  even if , personally , i 'd be more than happy if abortions were n't a thing . 
  we the villagers of pizd\u00f3wka kr\u00f3lewska have thus decided , by a majority of 50-1 , to drown / u/peczko in a puddle on the main street and to take his money . 
  democracy dude . 
   lower bath ( after ) cloy and insipid, 
  one of the most touted goals of communism was to get everyone an apartment of their own and this was quick and cheap solution . 
  it was also meant to be temporary . 
  that it turned permanent is just another failure of that system . 
  it was legalized under kenin , banned under stalin and legalized again under khrushchev, 
  so , imagine this situation : you live with the woman with whom you already have , kids , two , just as planned . 
  your finances are already stretched to the limit . 
  then accident happens and the woman gets pregnant again . 
  she does n't want the kid . 
  you do n't want the kid . 
  you have no way to raise that kid without either drastically lowering the living standard for your existing kids or neglecting them because of work . 
  yet abortion on demand is illegal . 
  you know what you 'd do ? 
  you 'd start looking for a suitable hanger . 
  ( btw , i did n't pull the scenario in the first paragraph out my ass . 
  it actually happened in my family when i was 14 . 
  luckily , abortion is legal and covered with public healthcare here . ), 
  meanwhile , teenage moms and cases of broken rubber consider you sanctimonious pricks . 
   vibrant and cool ? 
  what 's the rationale behind that ? 
  is n't that ignoring the social deprivation , the real human cost , which goes along with them ? 
  yes , that 's exactly what it is . 
   mass immigration can work ok among people of similar cultures . 
  most educated europeans can be cut and pasted into any other western country without any great hardship these days . 
  there will still be tensions . 
  check out your expats and spain , for example . 
  i was an idiot on the left and ( damn , this is awkward ) we supported mass immigration and multiculturalism because we wanted usa-style ghettoes . 
  because they 're so * vibrant * and * cool * . 
  thankfully i never really had the chance to vote on such stuff like the idiot i was because it was never an issue in slovenia . 
  adenauer had to step down before his fourth term was up , iirc . 
  why gay ? 
  doubt it . 
  the second round will be whoever wins republican primaries and marine , and the republican will win . 
  although , brexit and trump actually happened , so maybe i 'm too optimistic . 
  in that case allies in ww2 were also aggressors because they besieged the ruhr area . 
  d3gm4n 's point is that serbs were aggressors because and only because they started shooting first with expansionist goals . 
  croat of slovenian ancestry that lives in slovenia . 
  fun how that works , right ? 
  i do n't know , it works for me . 
  it 's [ here ] ( http://oklop2.tripod.com/fiat.htm ) on the bottom of the page . 
  there was 45 years of peace in between , you know ? 
  we did our share of atrocities , especially in bosnia , but we never reached the serbian level . 
  [ to\u010dno prije godinu dana ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3t9lk9/on_this_day_24_years_ago_vukovar_has_fallen/ ) smo imali s njime improvizirani ama , pa pogledaj . 
  there was one before him , here in maribor .
