  he was brought out for mock executions 2 times and they tried to coerce him into ratting out his friends refused on ever count . 
  refused and worked with his torturers to save the country from german invasion . 
  yeah , right . 
  why do n't you also mention he was a mass-murderer who ran concentration camps , ordered tanks to run over civilian protestors in pozna\u0144 and called on moscow to invade poland to prevent destalinization ? 
  oh , and guess who was in command of soviet troops standing idly while nazis were flattening warsaw ? 
  i 'm getting really sick of reddit glorifying anyone who was persecuted under stalin . 
  i mean , seriously , defending zhdanov ? 
  the guy who destroyed russian culture and who put in jail countless artists because they disagreed with socialist realism as official style ? 
  incredible . 
  solzhenytsin also advocated for return to tsarism . 
  his opinions should n't be taken uncritically . 
  i read in memoirs of karlo \u0160tajner , who spent 20 years in gulags and met yagoda 's sister in norilsk , that he was arrested and killed because he tried to defect to the west once he was ordered to kill his personal friend maxim gorky . 
  his sister claimed that he suffered from a really bad conscience because of the crimes he did . 
  those random slavic words in romanian never cease to amuse me . 
  out here it 's called * spoved * . 
  that is n't mutually exclusive . 
  google `` behavioral sink '' . 
  even agriculture is sedentary now , mate . 
  once we stop making children we wo n't start again . 
  well , finns exist so i would n't worry about saunas . 
  you seemed quite spanish to me when i was there . 
  average woman 's face anywhere is , well , average . 
  [ oh come on , you should 've known that better than anyone ] ( https://gdb.rferl.org/3972fa8f-d7ef-4d75-842f-a5ae3644860a_w1023_r1_s.jpg ), 
  welcome to military way of thought . 
  the better question is : why did saakashvili bite the hand that fed him ? 
  mate , austrian issues with papa und penis started with franz-josef . 
  okay , i had the wrong impression then . 
  nah , not really . 
  i think the sterotype of estonians are that they are `` slow '' as in , not really bright . 
  montenegrins , on the other hand , are supposed to be lazy . 
  bosnians are , on the other hand , supposed to be dumb . 
  i heard stories . 
  quite a lot of women thend to lose their libido at the time . 
  but what about the mouth ? 
  i also need to keep my mouth occupied . 
  and that 's how a country becomes a colony . 
   you ca n't compare post-socialist society and pos-authoritharian . 
  why not ? 
  as far as political participation goes , it was the same thing - an unelected clique running the state ( into the ground ) . 
  if that was the case , orban , fico and kaczynski would n't be a thing . 
  criminals among citizens are also outliers , does that mean we can safely disregard them ? 
  a better idea : we declare independence and take trieste . 
  that way everybody loses something : italy loses trieste , slovenia loses access to sea , croatia loses its cash cow and we lose our self-esteem once we inevitably fuck up our new country . 
  that 's what vacations mean for economic activity . 
  in your face , labour rights !, 
  you know , i 'm for one against taking in african doctors and engineers . 
  africa sorely needs them . 
  `` zat ouine is pisse anyway . '', 
  it 's just another one of the stupid games zagreb and ljubljana play over istrian people 's backs . 
  together with border issues and dispute over istrian hound . 
  you need to know istria 's only been partitioned since 1945 ( when it was cut off from trieste ) , or 1991 . 
  throughout the whole history before that it 's been one geographical and cultural whole ( habsburg-venice border was n't really enforced for most of that time ) . 
  it was relatively isolated from the surrounding countries , but well-connected on the inside , so it developed an unique cultural zone that does n't follow the present borders at all . 
  what zagreb and ljubljana are doing is appropriating that culture at the expense of istrians of all ethnicities . 
  that 's also why there 's a strong autonomist ( even separatist ) current in istrian politics . 
  it comes from italian * terrano * denoting a wine grown from grapes of refosco varieties on red soil ( terra rossa ) . 
  also ,  impartial italian expert . 
  you do know italy produces terrano too , right ? 
  much less than either slovenia or croatia , but it 's there in the province of trieste . 
  except that it 's not , because it 's been produced in western istria since times immemorable . 
  they are greeks , not slavs . 
  ( did i do well , ~ ~ senpai ~ ~ didaskale ? ), 
  you 're not helping your case . 
   ask one of the teenage ** slavic ** fascists pot , kettle , black, 
  in the next issue of * awake !, 
  * : read all about persecution of jw 's in russia and obvious parallels with nazi germany , garnished with copious purple triangle imagery and with final message of hope substantiated with select bible quotes , new world translation . 
  sounds a bit goofy , truth be told . 
  does it mean anything ? 
  every country does what ? 
  nobody is doing shit to push italian language out of littoral slovenia , matter of fact it 's protected , with schools , tv , radio and publishing houses in italian . 
  and unione italiana is freely doing whatever it wants to promote italian language and culture . 
  ( btw , italy in its fascist period persecuted slovenes quite badly . ), 
  so , no . 
  not everybody does that , and you are doing pretty bad pr for ukraine . 
  so bad , in fact , that i 'm not excluding you are actually a putinbot undercover . 
   if language matters , then it is our right to push our language in our country forward and push other languages out . 
  nice job playing into russian `` oppressed minorities '' propaganda . 
  matter of fact , alexey , how 's weather in piter ? 
   did you enjoy coming again ? 
  that 's always enjoyable . 
  i know . 
  but constitution can be changed , ca n't it ? 
   be kinda unfair no , why ? 
  if less than 50 % of the electorate explicitly wants to change the status quo , then the things stay as they are . 
  especially if we 're talking about something as big as declaring independence . 
  to be honest , spain could really allow the referendum . 
  and add that for the referendum to pass , 50 % of the electorate must vote yes . 
  then they can sit back and enjoy the triggering . 
  you have nobody but yourselves to blame . 
  could 've stayed in poland . 
  on second thought ... 
   interests of ethnic austrians  my name is alexander markovics i could be charitable and assume he 's a croat from burgenland . 
  but i wo n't be . 
  back to serbia , alek, 
   does she get back the taxes she and her parents paid ? 
  her swiss fiancee should obviously also get his taxes back . 
  why ? 
  she 's not being deported . 
  700 here . 
  this is why we do n't have nice things .
