  plus police and italian ss volunteers . 
  except for regular units they were all used against partisans . 
  so , can we agree that neither communism nor laissez-faire are the solution and that the real answer lies somewhere else ? 
  r/fullcommunism is left-wing version of r/the _ donald . 
  if it was satire , it stopped being funny a long time ago . 
  as a slovenian/croatian istrian , i could n't disagree more with you . 
  first , every german soldier busy fighting partisans was one german soldier less on the front against allies . 
  second , considering that fascists liked to kill people for fun ( the largest massacre in nw istria was committed by local blackshirts in the winter 44-45 , long after partisans withdrew from that area ) , it made perfect sense to join partisans . 
  at least you died with a gun in your hand and not with hands tied behind your back . 
  for a sense of proportions , towards the end of war there were : * 46 brigades garibaldi ( communists ) * 33 brigades giustizia e libert\u00e0 ( action party/liberals-republicans ) * 12 brigades matteotti ( socialists ) * 4 brigades fiamme verdi ( christian democrats ) * 15 autonomous brigade, 
  that was valid for all foreigners , not just italians . 
   discriminatory law ? 
  now this triggers * me * , because i have family members who were locked into a building and burned alive , together with the rest of their village , * come and see * style . 
  by germans . 
  no letter , no nothing . 
  i get insanely irritated when people praise their conduct in ww2 when they were at best as bad and unpredictable as anyone else . 
   china did massive progress from 1950 to 1980 yeah they really leaped forward , did n't they ? 
  it 's incorrect tho , it 's like calling the whole uk england . 
  what are russian troops doing there then , if not preventing moldovans to take back what 's theirs ? 
   nestl\u00e9 uses children and slaves and they are capitalists . 
  are their tears what makes nestea so delicious ? 
  if a fool and his money are soon parted , then russia is populated by 200 000 jews and 100 million drooling morons . 
  considering how popular is putin , alcoholism rate and dashcam videos i 'd say i 'm not even that wrong . 
  good for them , in any case . 
  address your complaints to boris yeltsin and yegor gaidar . 
  no , it 's about sweden stealing [ pretty literally everything worth stealing in 17th century poland-lithuania ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deluge_\\ ( history \\ ) #destruction _ of_the_commonwealth ) . 
  of course , sweden returned nothing , and why should it ? 
  back then the whole idea of war was to rob the defeated side blind . 
  vae victis and all that . 
  have you ever been to russia ? 
  spent some and stole the rest . 
  what about sweden then ? 
  also , til roman conquests were n't aggressive . 
  swastika is something i 'll never forgive the nazis for ruining . 
  it 's such an awesome symbol , so striking . 
  yeah , \u010daga is a party here in maribor . 
  i heard it 's actually a gypsy word for dance , but i 'm not sure . 
  a good party is [ vrei \u010daga ] ( https://youtu.be/4ah4ysscgvs ), 
  to illustrate : `` so what do you think about going to this party ? '', 
  guess which type is used in my family . 
  i do n't know , but you should be moderately beaten up for throwing red herrings . 
   who says that the displayed countries here are good and the others are bad ? 
  quite a lot of people in this thread , tbf . 
  okay . 
  it 's still about punishment . 
  it 's not just calmly explaining why robbing newsstands is naughty . 
  and almost everybody is still doing everything they can to avoid doing time , including not committing crimes . 
  and where did that morality come from ? 
  the whole point of jail as punishment is exploiting the fear of being trapped - another primal fear . 
   try to figure out why the fuck he 's throwing dirt in the first place . 
  to see what will happen if he throws dirt and disobeys the order to stop . 
  thank you for sources , i 'm reading them . 
  according to this sub , his mom should have gently told him that 's not the most appropriate behavior and that it would be quite nice if he returned the stolen item . 
  bonus points if she said that with tears in her eyes . 
  and now you 're a country full of ptsd victims . 
  okay , statistician , so tell me what would you do in my example ? 
  ( also , for somebody who likes to appeal to research , you 're awfully stingy with sources . ), 
   you appear to be in favour of beating children as a form of punishment because it was done to you . 
  i 'm in favor of beating children as a form of punishment because in rare cases there simply is n't anything else to do . 
   you 're taking two extremes . 
  not using physical violence on your child does not equal pampering him/her . 
  you can punish children without beating them . 
  sure , you can . 
  for example ( taken from real life ) , you do n't want your kid to throw dirt from the flower pot on the ground . 
  so you sternly tell him not to do that . 
  the kid defiantly looks at you and throws a bit more dirt to the ground . 
  you tell him he 's grounded and to go stand in the corner . 
  he grabs another fistful of dirt . 
  you leave what you 're doing , grab him by his arm and put him in the corner yourself . 
  as soon as you turn your back he turns around and - all the while looking at you - gets back to the flower pot and again pushes his hands inside . 
  ( my four-year-old brother did n't get spanked that day . 
  when mom grabbed a wooden spoon , he tried to run away , but she quickly cornered him , and when he realized there 's no way out , he put his hands in the air and said `` i surrender '' . 
  mom had to turn around so that he ca n't see her laughing . 
  but why did he surrender and stop acting out ? 
  because he knew he * would * get spanked , that 's why . 
  he never did it again , btw . ), 
  they 're individuals who do n't know what their rights and obligations are until somebody teaches them . 
  but you * want * fear . 
  why do n't you just go out and rob the first newsstand ? 
  because you 're afraid of getting arrested , that 's why . 
  getting yelled at was the worst . 
  spankings taught me what not to do and i only remember two particular ones . 
  getting yelled at made me feel immensely guilty and in some cases still claws at my heart . 
  i 'm in favour of talking with your kid , being there for him when he needs you , setting clear limits for proper behavior and clear expectations about his duties and , yes , also spanking him . 
  * very * sparely and * very * lightly , and exclusively as a measure of last resort , because , as i said in another post , it 's the wounded pride that really hurts , and you do n't want your kid to get used to being spanked . 
  otherwise we get fucking playground bullies and whiny tumblrinas who have never been told in their lives that they 've crossed the line . 
  research shmesearch . 
  i 've seen what came out of the neighbor girl whose parents did n't dare to even look at her harder because she should never be hurt , 'cause they lived there illegally and did n't pay health insurance . 
  parents today think being a good parent means not making your kid ever uncomfortable . 
  that way they clean their guilty conscience for being incapable of actually raising their kid . 
  fuck that . 
  huh ? 
  you are insane . 
  no , that would make him believe he can get away with being a bully . 
  what exactly are you talking about , mate ? 
  first , i do n't have kids , second , i was the one that got spanked , third , the last time i hit somebody was in fucking primary school . 
  you obviously do n't have kids either . 
  kids do test limits , it 's the part of socialization , to see how much they can get away with . 
  and they * are * manipulative . 
  what do you think , they 're angels ?
