  for example , i 'd be super glad if moderate republicans won the ww2 in yugoslavia , but unfortunately their resistance movement did n't exist and from what was on the menu , i 'd have to choose partisans . 
  lend-lease tanks in russia were negligibly few . 
  ussr had t-34 , what would they need sherman lighters for ? 
  the proper picture of soviet soldier would be : dressed in soviet uniform , armed with pp\u0160 , leaning back against soviet tank , eating american spam brought to him by a studebaker truck while airacobras with red stars fly above his head . 
  but who killed more quickly ? 
  this thread was killed by its title . 
  no , but the circlejerk here tends to go in the direction that the worst thing about ww2 is that soviets did n't lose . 
  the fun thing is , what you 're saying about ana pauker is basically tankie propaganda that was spread around after she got purged by gheorghiu-dej . 
  including outright fabrications , such as her denouncing her husband . 
   it 's their money lol . 
  why would they invest in the industrialization of a country . 
  that 's the governments job . 
  not very laissez-faire , is it ? 
  this guy is comedic gold . 
  no , russian ego is so fragile that trolling pays off immensely . 
  suck it , czechia , we were occupied four days longer !, 
  ah well ... from my istrian perspective : in 1922 fascists came , threw some slavs into foibe and imprisoned and kicked out of job anyone who disagreed with them . 
  then in 1945 communists came , threw some italians into foibe and imprisoned and kicked out of job anyone who disagreed with them . 
  then in 1990 hdz came , threw some serbs into foibe and kicked out of job anyone who disagreed with them . 
  meet the new boss . 
  same as the old boss . 
  so did [ yugoslavia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_of_pioneers_of_yugoslavia ) , but unlike nazi germany , they did n't destroy the school system in order satisfy ideological prerequisites and pre-military training . 
  if my parents are to be trusted , it was no more a brainwash than religious education today . 
  why ashamed ? 
  were you a part of them ? 
  it would be so much better if you stayed a reichsprotektorat , would n't it ? 
  lidice dares to disagree . 
  i 've just read a book on hitlerjugend . 
  holy shit . 
  stalinist ussr was already turbo cancerous , but nazis were so sick , so incompetent and so destructive it really defies imagination . 
  thank goodness they only lasted for 12 years . 
  another decade and europe would never recover . 
  are they ? 
  they exist for 45 years now . 
  you are also forgetting that it was n't a downward slope for germany in that period . 
  in fact , had n't it been for gamblers on wall street , nsdap would stay a fringe party as it was during the roaring 20 's . 
   still was n't enough, 
  [ done already ] ( https://forbiddenmusicdotorg.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/vienna-1945.jpg ), 
  what do you think about [ the lark farm ( la masseria delle allodole ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_lark_farm ) ? 
  i was recommended to watch that movie in my italian film course , but i got stuck on comedies at the time . 
  but that movie actually sucked , regardless of the theme . 
  it 's just a bad movie . 
  bosnian rape victims did n't deserve such poor movie treatment . 
   quite possibly the worst movie i 've ever seen , definitely one of the worst . 
  what a complete waste of time !, 
  storyline not easily coherent and plot does not come together well . 
  disorganized , historically incorrect , acting was average or below average , just generally a waste of time to watch . 
  boring from the beginning , plot was never interesting or engaging . 
  i do n't recommend it . 
  * by crayz den from united states  quite possibly the worst movie i 've ever seen , definitely one of the worst . 
  what a complete waste of time !, 
  storyline not easily coherent and plot does not come together well . 
  disorganized , historically incorrect , acting was average or below average , just generally a waste of time to watch . 
  boring from the beginning , plot was never interesting or engaging . 
  i do n't recommend it . 
  * by luciluciana from united kingdom, 
  there 's also `` 7000 days in siberia '' by karlo \u0160tajner . 
  he was not a professional writer like solzhenitsyn so the book is written in a fairly rudimentary style , but i find it more credible and authentic because \u0160tajner refrained from theorizing and simply wrote the naked facts . 
  ( also , unlike solzhenitsyn , \u0160tajner actually served his sentence in the worst gulags , like norilsk or tayshet . ), 
  i ca n't find the english translation online ( although it exists ) , so here 's an excerpt in my translation :  about the time to go home , panov realized the group fulfilled only fifty percent of the norm . 
   `` what do you fascists think , that you 'll loaf around here and the soviet government will feed you ? 
  why do you live in the soviet land if you do n't want to work ? '', 
   panov turned around , grabbed a pick and passed it to a prisoner . 
   `` slam them , but the way i do it , do you understand ? '', 
   the man just stood in his place . 
   `` well , what are you waiting for ? 
  '' , panov asked , threateningly . 
   the prisoner stood quiet . 
   `` oh , you do n't want to ? '', 
   `` i ca n't , '' the man answered . 
   panov tore the pick from his hands and started hitting him . 
  the prisoner tried to protect himself with his arm , which riled up the torturer even more . 
   `` what , are you defending yourself ? '', 
  then he passed his rifle to the soldier next to him and started beating the prisoner with full force . 
  the prisoner fell in the snow . 
   `` get up !, 
  '' , panov yelled . 
   the prisoner remained lying down . 
   `` get up !, 
   the prisoner still lied down in the snow , motionless . 
   panov threw the pick and ran into a wooden shed , from where he brought a bucket full of water . 
  he poured it out on the prisoner . 
   `` let 's see if you 'll get up now . '', 
   the man did n't move . 
  panov called the brigadier . 
   `` put him on his feet . '', 
   the brigadier picked him up . 
  the man immediately fell down . 
   he was dead . 
  call me old-fashioned , but my opinion is that burning books is something you just do n't do . 
  when i was dating a laveyan satanist and we were in the mood to be transgressive and fun , we simply fornicated on the altar . 
  long live the workers ' rights !, 
  what about [ this ] ( https://www.kuvarancije.com/images/stories/recepti/pasulj/beli-pasulj-sa-kobajom2.jpg ), 
   burned a christian book or two revolting . 
  thank god , i must say . 
  this easter we ultimately went to a little-known crossing somewhere in the mountains in order to cross the border within reasonable time . 
  some slovenians are too , thankfully just in a weird passive-aggressive way usually . 
  whatever democracy there was in russia , it was killed in 1993 when yeltsin sent tanks against supreme soviet when it refused to extend his extraordinary powers . 
  putin 's russia is just a continuation of yeltsin 's russia . 
  the only real difference is that yeltsin tried to be likable to westerners .
