  now * that * could be a good game !, 
  a senegalese soldier ( or indian , or somali ) sent to fight to europe for a country he dislikes , against country he does n't care about , not really seeing the differences between faces on both sides of trenches . 
  nope . 
  only roseanne barr and bigger . 
  a friend and former schoolmate of mine got into banking business as some kind of analyst ( basically constantly writing reports on reports ) . 
  in less than a year he developed a full-blown depression and quit his job . 
  once he got out of psych clinic i had few long and sad conversations with him . 
  basically , that job made him feel totally lonely and miserable . 
  he was constantly surrounded with gung-ho financial robots who literally never thought about anything but money . 
  his analyses and reports had zero effect on how the bank ran its business : basically everything he did was pointless , since all decisions were completely top-down with no regard to the situation on the ground . 
  and the straw that broke camel 's back was when they sent him on a five weeks long business trip : he visited quite a lot of european capitals , quite often not knowing the local language , all the time surrounded with the same suits and ties , without having a single human conversation . 
  his conclusion was that his job was killing him because he simply does n't love money enough to take all that shit . 
  he 's looking for a job in it now . 
  edit : typo, 
   misunderestimated ftfy, 
  almost no war , no economic sanctions , no wild privatisation and it was economically stronger to begin with . 
  since the convo was about why is slovenia richer than hungary and not croatia , yes , you 're way off  but yeah , there was very little fighting . 
  you are talking with a guy from france , the country that gleefully oppressed and basically eradicated all of its old linguistic minorities and somehow got away with it . 
  no questions asked , no options offered . 
  yeah . 
  we put it to good use , though , and we would never get it in the first place had n't tito flipped stalin off . 
  it 's tito . 
  we overtook you in the 50 's , before that you were always slightly more developed than us . 
  to be brutally frank , nobody really gave a shit about hungary before the crisis and nobody will give a shit once it dies down . 
  it 's visible already , for the last couple of weeks all news that come from hungary are the usual fare : corruption , orban instituting one-party state in slow motion , you know , the usual . 
  your reputation ultimately wo n't be much better or worse because of refugees . 
  i mean , apart from being dependent on economical whims of larger countries , being irrelevant is quite comfy . 
  nobody know that better than slovenians . 
  our actions or inactions ultimately do n't matter , so we are allowed to do our own thing in many matters . 
  did you read what i wrote ? 
  again , whatever u.s. does is no justification for russian aggression . 
  but it 's very easy to wave off criticism for being aggressive when it 's coming from the country that 's been the most aggressive world power for decades . 
  okay , so i made a terrible post . 
  downvote it , report it and get it over with . 
   if the american government does n't want to accept that they live in an international community where we do n't just invade nations and occupy them by force and stoke little revolutions in order to install puppet regimes because of some un-assuaged irredentist butthurt left over from the gulf war , then they should be obliged and be left to live outside that international community . 
  i 'm not saying russian nationalists are right . 
  i 'm just saying that i understand why they consider you massive hypocrites . 
  i spend too much time on my university . 
  i mean , not too long ago , some student group had a public ~ ~ circlejerk ~ ~ round table about discrimination of black people in slovenia , all twelve of them . 
  `` gay white men are appropriating the black women 's culture ! '', 
  implying : * that there is a specific culture of a group determined by gender , race and sexual orientation on one sade and race and gender on the other * that those two groups are fundamentally different and incompatible ( elements of one group 's culture ca n't belong to the other and one ca n't belong to both groups ) * that one group is systematically hurting the other by its privilege that 's hardcore ethnic nationalism translated to gender/race/sexual orientation . 
  [ this is n't satire . 
  this is propaganda on the level that 'd make der st\u00fcrmer blush . 
  ] ( http://grrrgraphics.com/uploads/7/4/7/3/74734153/7078938_orig.jpg ), 
  [ well we can not allow something as trivial as popular dissent to meddle with the primal forces of nature . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/zi5hrcwu7dk ), 
  okay , the curiosity got the better of me and i checked out the online translation at project gutenberg . 
   the plough is then the sword ; and the tears of war will produce the daily bread for the generations to come . 
  so so cheesy , my face hurts from cringing . 
   t/dr ; this is essentially romanticism . 
  yes , people need to belong somewhere , but not necessarily in the way that nationalists have conveniently decided . 
  according to modern left , people should belong to their race , religion and sexual orientation . 
  i fail to see how 's that any better than nationalism . 
  epic uninformed bullshit . 
  multiculturalism destroys all cultures . 
  centralized nation-states destroy all cultures except one . 
   the uk is prohibited from striking trade deals with the other 85 % of the world  uk trade with the eu countries was 55 % in 2005 . 
  in 2015 , it 's 45 % pick one . 
  dear brits , this whole brexit issue ultimately boils down to two choices : either you 'll be a major sovereign player on the global scene or you 'll stay a backwater province of fourth reich . 
  the choice is yours . 
  the same procedure as every year , ma'am ? 
  because in eastern europe stuff is glued with egg whites . 
  and people wear sheepskin and there is no potato . 
  i know , but the standard conservative argument of `` omg they 're communists '' is quite corny at this point . 
  people got sick of politics as we have it now , they 're gon na look for alternatives , and shit like this just sounds like `` we have no ideas of our own but at least we are not red '' . 
  who needs a program when you can use red scare ? 
  well , it worked . 
  i read it and i do n't even speak spanish . 
  first was seaborg , i guess ? 
  i guess it 's like here in europe : every country is the easternmost country of western europe . 
  lame . 
  it does n't even rhyme , unlike our glorious invention `` srbe na vrbe '' . 
  and bosnian serbs started calling it `` doma\u0107a kava '' ( home-made coffee ) in the 90s . 
  dat cringe in both cases . 
  armenian genocide coffee, 
  good god dude , germany just recognized a genocide , it did n't commit another one . 
  [ the football war ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/football_war ), 
   good art this thing is so cheesy it 's attracting the french, 
   during the medevac operation after an ied attack , the slovenian team aswell as another one ( according to the rumors probably the polish team ) run over the dummy simulating the wounded i see that jna medevac training is still in full effect, 
  `` see that , germany ? 
  see what we did ? 
  and next ... next ... next we 'll fill in the space between stripes on adidas logo ! '', 
  putin , take note . 
  nato is a military/defensive alliance , a whole different beast than eu . 
  eu is a political and economic union and membership in it requires giving much more of a state 's sovereignty than membership in a military pact . 
  of course , any international treaty takes away some sovereignty . 
  sure , why not , that 's how it 's usually done . 
  prepare to be surprised . 
   first germany should give account for the holocaust i have a hunch germany is held to account for that one pretty well . 
  you must a really powerful psychic if you know the feelings of every single serb . 
  where were you in ' 91 ? 
  all cool for countries with no minorities with states of their own . 
  removing anything makes such a mess that it kills the purpose . 
  well , turkey wanted to be an european country and now it 's becoming one . 
  okay , no , dude . 
  liquidating political opponents is the lowest thing any administration can do and in my opinion it instantly takes away all its credibility . 
  nazis are shit . 
  do n't touch shit . 
   we also do n't kill people ... 
  i heard and read about your war in the 90 's .
