  well , they were seen as heroes here too . 
  until their name got appropriated by the retarded royalist `` resistance movement '' in ww2 which spent more tine fighting partisans and massacring muslims than resisting occupiers . 
  and especially until * that * movement got appropriated by the ragtag bands of looters and killers in the 90 's . 
  which is the main reason why everybidy learns english . 
  me too , but in the end what i speak is american english with horrible accent . 
  british ca n't win with all that tv . 
  gossip . 
  the best european language for gossiping . 
  oh sure they do . 
  they even often go swimming during winter . 
  come to think about it , how often do people who live by balaton go swimming ? 
   israel does not balk at demolishing eu-funded structures , despite the open tension it causes with its powerful ally . 
  lol @ `` powerful ally '' . 
  after the economic crisis , the stellar way eu handled the economic crisis and brexit , eu is essentially nothing more than a very fancy punching bag . 
  and it 's not israeli ally either . 
  of eu members only czech republic voted against admitting palestine as an observer state . 
  well then , opt out like you always do . 
  edit : and you did n't really read my message , did you ? 
  say what you want , but while the western allies were preoccupied by internal bickering and expensive stunts like dieppe , sicily , anzio and market garden , russians kept busy winning the war . 
  soviets had no noteworthy allies there , most of the time . 
  ussr did n't do it all by itself , far from that , but to say the war was n't decided on the eastern front is just to lie to yourself . 
  you mean the one that was mostly won by an unified army which was also soviet ? 
  handy guide : slovenes - far west , catholic , speak slovenian , stingy wannabe germans croats - west , catholic , speak serbo-croatian , genocidal fascists bosniaks - centre , muslims , speak serbo-croatian , worst turks serbs - east , orthodox , speak serbo-croatian , bloodthirsty butchers macedonians - far east , orthodox , speak broken macedonian , lazy wannabe greeks albanians - off all the charts, 
  well , a couple of people passed out from heat . 
  source : an acquaintance that 's been there, 
  i agree . 
  let 's just say that sin city is the spiritual successor to 20 's berlin . 
  seriously , finland , where you get the money for all that stuff ? 
  does it actually not get stolen somewhere along the road ? 
  `` the moon is not a planet !, 
  i believe it 's a star , or ... something !, 
  did n't you do that thing in grade school where you had to name the planets ? 
  there was ur-anus , there was saturn and the one with the rings , and then the earth and then ... 
  the moon is never in there , dude , it 's not a planet ! '', 
  \\  get me to the doctor, 
  as if it ever had any chance . 
  i love slovenia . 
  it 's so boring , hardly ever anything of importance happens here . 
  people here often do n't realize how blessed they are . 
  if only we fixed our judicial and tax system , this would be the perfect place to live and work in peace . 
  why now ? 
  libya is pretty much already a lost case for isis . 
  a desperate attempt to avoid another great war . 
  you did get a liberators ' welcome in zagreb tho . 
  oh boy , now you 've done it . 
  we 'll never see the end to whining if poles see that . 
  it did n't stop brits from sending back all the yugoslavian refugees from camps in egypt back in ' 45 . 
  yeah , we dreamed about that too back in ' 91 . 
   the best political system is basically direct democracy , and is called market . 
  how much for an internationally recognized sovereign state ? 
  i did n't know he got that statue for his academic achievements . 
  well they do have a new mexico there somewhere . 
  there is dress code , in croatia and slovenian littoral pretty much every church has signs prohibiting entry to people in swimwear , shorts , sandals or tank tops . 
  there was some controversy when they introduced those signs . 
  dude , the chip on your shoulder is so fucking big i wonder if you can stand up straight . 
  the balkans of lamb , rakija and mercedes . 
  it 's there , you just are n't looking in its direction . 
  [ no idea what you 're talkin ' bout ] ( http://beta.finance-on.net/galerije/643/1224521774_f83zs_pahor_borut_ih.1222106335.jpg ), 
  really ? 
  there appears to be the same saying in croatia , `` batina je iz raja iza\u0161la . '', 
  how do you say it in romanian ? 
  how magnanimous . 
  croatian part of istria , just next to the border . 
  istrian slovenes are so different from the rest and so similar to us that i consider them `` my people '' . 
  the idea of david is that he 's [ scared shitless ] ( http://www.studioarcobalenotour.it/docnews/images/accademia06.jpg ) . 
  try having a boner while facing the mountain who wants to bash your skull in . 
  people were ( and still are ) scared and everyone likes a confirmation of their fears . 
  okay , people of jesenice are gorenjci , their stereotype is indeed of being super stingy and unpleasant . 
  since i moved to slovenia i 've mostly lived in styria , and i 'd say that people of maribor are nicer than people of ljubljana - although maribor\u010dani tend to be quite hot-headed ( but at least they are n't passive-aggressive , which is the norm in ljubljana ) . 
  but generally slovenes are okay people , as long as envy does n't kick in . 
  a guy from maribor here . 
  we do n't like people from ljubljana because they 're either pretentious hipsters or fake serbs , because they 're rude either way , because they like to forget that there is a whole country outside of their city , because their dialect sounds horrible and because those dragons and green colour are just goofy . 
  ( but if you avoid genuine ljubljan\u010dans , ljubljana is an awesome city . ), 
   just few hundreds people died compared to genghis-khan it 's nothing . 
  may i just ask which country are you from and how big was the town you grew up in ? 
  you 'll never kick russians out . 
  there is no normal european society . 
  clean up your act now , or you 'll become balkan 2.0 : a shithole with irrepairably damaged reputation . 
  that does n't matter if working in uk is meant to be a temporary solution , to gather some money and to carry it back to poland someday , gastarbeiter style . 
  which , ironically , often insist on socialist economic policies . 
  it 's awfully vulnerable to subversion and manupulation , though . 
  ] ( http://twentytwowords.com/wp-content/uploads/european-countries-as-cartoons-slovenia-chicken-634x350.jpg ), 
  slavs in general ? 
  sulky , with a huge inferiority complex that they cover with prideful mask , hated by everybody and mostly by themselves . 
  powerful when it 's needed but incapable to use that power wisely . 
  you arel ritualistic killers of other nations and you do n't eat veggies ? 
  i thought that fits slovaks more than you . 
  right now , the car i 'm riding in drives approximately 0.63 miles per km . 
  american definition of race , pardon me , always seemed somewhat nazi to me . 
  in between croatian * kuk * 's ( hips ) . 
  turkey , what are you doing ? 
  turkey , stahp, 
  this thread is very black . 
  ah yes , emir `` nemanja '' kusturica , muslim by birth , serb by vocation . 
  he 's a really great guy as long as you keep him behind the camera and away from mics . 
  sort of like spike lee . 
  you should n't . 
  considering that i lived in croatia at the time and that half of my classmates and teachers were refugees ... yeah , they could if they wanted to , would n't make much difference to me . 
  especially if they shipped them back once the fighting was over . 
  croatia mostly did just that .
