  that 's why i said that i understand and still do n't approve of it . 
  and almost every person in slovenia has a family member that was killed/tortured/sent to concentration camps by nazis and their fascist buddies . 
  maybe they considered you nordic or something , i do n't care , out here they were beasts . 
  so forgive me for not choosing cat turd over dog shit . 
  i was n't , i was talking about nazi collaborators including those in baltic states . 
  check my post . 
  i ca n't fucking believe this . 
  let 's just say that nazis wanted to ethnically cleanse the people i live among , like and mostly belong to . 
  so i ca n't really see them as an awesome choice . 
  forcibly conscripted people are a different story ( i seriously doubt my slovenian great-grandfather had much interest in becoming a colonizer in abessinia , especially since he became an anti-fascist activist as soon as he returned ) . 
  but auxiliary police were volunteers and they did participate in holocaust very eagerly . 
  bandera also was n't forced to do what he did . 
  and they were all part of the machine that would make commies seem like peaceful and reasonable people had n't it been defeated as quickly as it was . 
  so yeah , i still think they could find much better heroes than them . 
  because , at the very least , that does n't excuse killing civilians and participating in holocaust . 
  doubt it , they did n't manage to cry us balkaneros into stopping the war back then . 
  did he ? 
  hitler had [ quite a pleasant voice ] ( https://youtu.be/clr9tcpkzec ) when he was n't giving speeches . 
  outside of reddit there 's quite a lot of croatians obsessed with hating everything serbian . 
  glorifying nazi collaborators is something that should never be ok , regardless of their motivations . 
  yes , that goes to baltic states too . 
  i understand , but i do n't condone . 
  what will take for putin to fall ? 
  those are n't actual cicero 's words . 
  but even if they were , the target is not the same . 
  cicero attacked the man who was really preparing a coup to oust the elected consul . 
  how many of regime 's targets in russia are doing something really traitorous ? 
  say what you want , but your legal system at least works . 
  because they read about interesting stuff like history of racism , systemic oppression and 400 years of slavery and never pause to think about how much of it does n't apply to their country . 
  i also think they secretly want ghettoes . 
  ghettoes are cool , as long as you do n't have to live in one . 
  leave africa out of this . 
  a lot , if not most of their problems have their roots in europe . 
  not everybody wants to be a dane . 
  i got ta start learning romanian , it 's fascinating . 
  okay , romanians , which word is the more common one ? 
  snowflakes in italian are `` fiocchi di neve '' , i 'm quite sure that explains the etymology . 
  am i wrong in having the hunch that best comparison for akp in eu is fidesz ? 
  cover your head in shame , you bastard child of german mother , irish father and african nurse . 
  find some building safety irregularity and close it down . 
  for fuck 's sake , just because we 're europe does n't mean we really need to let every idiot do whatever he likes . 
  i see . 
  well , apparently it can be used that way in english . 
  til . 
  yeah . 
  slovenian central bank until 1991 was called `` narodna banka slovenije '' . 
  that was good design , classy . 
  too bad they had to replace it with monopoly money in the 80 's . 
  also , why is relief in scare quotes ? 
  what 's so un-slovenian about `` narodna banka jugoslavije '' ? 
  i wonder what would happen if i started using that word in everyday life . 
  it was such a disappointment when i found that out . 
  without watching the video or results : 1 ) north 2 ) north 3 ) south - he 's u sicilianu , no doubts about that 4 ) north 5 ) north 6 ) south 7 ) south not bad , 6/7 . 
  edit : [ bonus extra north ] ( https://youtu.be/ientp4zcvr0 ), 
  do n't worry about that boredom . 
  in 45-50 years you 'll retire , then you can entertain yourself any way you like . 
  scary . 
  it 's not even coughing , it 's croughing . 
  since 1948 . 
  in 1946 he was regarded as the most hardcore stalin 's ally , the kind that funds communist guerrilla in greece and shoots down usaf planes without warning for straying into yugoslav territory . 
  i 'll finish watching when i get home , but as for now i see he has obsessive compulsive eating disorder . 
  well , when i was hospitalized in psychiatric clinic , the department next to ours was for eating disorders and there were quite a few people with condition same as his . 
  and you know what ? 
  it took time and effort , but many of them did get better ( and consequently thinner ) . 
  i know what they went through , it 's a struggle comparable to anorexia . 
  but they were trying hard , and i have nothing but respect for them . 
  although i understand why someone who lives in a country without socialized health care would n't go there . 
  it 's still his life he 's wasting . 
  look , mate , i 'm a chain smoker and coffee drinker . 
  i 'm as far removed from holy as one can be . 
  i just notice the bad effects my lifestyle has on me and hate every single cigarette i light up . 
  the problem is that i hate being without cigarette even more . 
  why save someone who wants to die ? 
  why not respect their choice ? 
  both are curable . 
  but let 's be honest , most fat people are fat because they simply overeat and do n't exercise . 
  my mom is among those who easily gain weight and have trouble losing it , but since she stopped having late dinners and snacks and started exercising she became half of her former self . 
  can confirm , tried to quit this summer . 
  tried . 
  i 'd like to meet my teenage self and give myself a good hard slap . 
  in the last , what , 60 years there 's been nobody who does n't know that smoking is n't harmful . 
  it 's literally written on every pack you buy . 
  i would n't deny us smokers treatment for conditions unrelated to smoking , though , and consequently there would be no exemptions for paying for health system . 
  risk is one thing , self-harm is other . 
  nobody stops you from smoking . 
  you just wo n't have anyone to save you once you inevitably destroy your respiratory system . 
  your taxes will be still put to good use , to save somebody that is n't an idiot . 
  i think people should be free to kill themselves any way they like , but i also think other people should be free from financial responsibility and obligation to save them . 
  as a smoker , i absolutely support that . 
  a lot happened in those seven years . 
  i know slovenia constantly keeps a couple of hundred soldiers in kosovo . 
  have you had any encounters with them and if so , what 's your opinion on them ? 
  ( i met a guy who did his tour in kosovo and his opinion on you is ... low , to say the least . ), 
  the eagle has fallen . 
   american jews , winston churchill , national conference of christians and jews truth be told , if at that point some commie found the cure for cancer all those organizations and especially churchill would call it a hoax and ploy . 
  not saying the court was n't kangaroo , just that their words are n't really proof . 
  this story again ? 
  huh , okay ... * inhales deeply * slovenia super stronk and relevant !, 
  slovenia could into democracy while everyone else could n't into castle age !, 
  slovenia made america great before !,
