  before the day of the unveiling , he killed himself because his taxi driver told him that whoever designed that would surely end up in jail . 
  why ? 
  notice that the girl figure is holding her hand on worker 's dick . 
  both serial killers in slovenia preyed on ladies lost near villages in the countryside . 
  what 's happening in hungary ? 
  where are you from ? 
  weed is overrated , just as about any thing one just has to try . 
  those damn progressives . 
  our cave-dwelling ancestors had it all figured out , why fix something that is n't broke ? 
  since 1521 . 
  aha , i thought you meant ancient times in europe or in other ancient civilizations . 
  yeah , i heard about two-spirits , although it seems to me the topic is not yet researched enough . 
  sure , you could . 
  charter of fundamental rights prohibits discrimination based on sexual orientation . 
  the problem here is whether it applies to member states . 
  yup . 
  exactly . 
  that 's why you ca n't say bible literalism and all other sorts of weird thinkings are un-european . 
  stupid , yes , wrong , yes , regressive , yes , but not un-european . 
   do you know that there were same-sex marriages in ancient times i actually do n't know that . 
  care to provide some more info ? 
   just do n't beat anyone up or kill them and you 're solid in my mind . 
  that 's what acceptance pretty much means . 
  the rest is about rights . 
  well , historically those are western values , are n't they ? 
  not the conservatives ' fault liberals move the goalposts every few years . 
   tfw europarties with whom i agree most on foreign policy are fucking ecr and efdd, 
  lesson learned : never admit you 're lying . 
  so how is , for example , karl renner viewed ? 
  austria does n't consider itself descendant of habsburg monarchy ? 
  primo\u017e trubar and france pre\u0161eren . 
  i 'd say ( and i 'm aware this might be r/badhistory material , so correct me if i 'm wrong ) that it took wars of religion with some ten million dead to finally liberalize european christian societies . 
  italy is affected too , where did you get the idea they are n't ? 
  that era was literally plague . 
  agreed . 
  de truth of jah a gwaan win mon. 
  piipl a nuh biliv dem babylon lies bout de herb dat king solomon smoke , seen ? 
  nice . 
  occasion ? 
  it was hypocritical as fuck and boiled down to petty intrigues . 
  my mom was once basically submitted to a struggle session because of immorality - she brought her boyfriend ( that latter became my dad ) to a work action , that whore . 
  the session was presided by a guy known for skimming socialist youth 's funds to buy himself a car and expensive suits . 
  well , they eradicated illiteracy , sent a man to space and made few really good films . 
  it 's hail . 
  it does n't mean it 's cool , it means jupiter is really pissed at them . 
  as far as i see , the best thing about eu for croatians is that it allows them to leave croatia with less money and paperwork . 
  nice cop-out . 
  so , do slovenian italians and hungarians also have a false sense of belonging to slovenia ? 
  who says so ? 
  find me an anti-immigrationist political party that is n't also anti-eu . 
  i do n't know , but it 's not . 
  why is the feeling of belonging of an integrated polish gypsy false ? 
  both . 
  not in this thread . 
  here we root for fp\u00d6 , plan deportations and are sickened at the very thought of gypsies writing on the internet . 
  why false ? 
  interesting . 
  i do n't know where you 're from since you do n't have a flair , but my nation was built by immigration . 
  ( granted , the immigrants pretty much destroyed the local culture and substituted their own , but still . ), 
  well , i at first thought the numa numa song was in some weird slavic dialect . 
  i mean , apart from sounding generally slavic , every now and then there was some word that i understood perfectly . 
  it could but i doubt it will , because we 're all stubborn asses . 
  that 's on sova for being such an epically shitty spy service . 
  it 's a complete shitshow from both sides . 
  and it will never be solved . 
  because it helps with electoral campaigns and it garners clicks . 
  end of story . 
  except croatian stance is that there was no agreement to ratify . 
  if you were n't baptized yes , otherwise to heaven . 
  they know we exist ? 
  tko definira nacionalni interes i kako ? 
  well , out here stroke usually takes you away . 
  yeah , you have a point there . 
  in both cases it was pretty much `` campaign abandoned because of sultan 's death '' . 
  i 'd just like to correct you here a bit :  plus , in your battles that we 've linked , you usually had habsburg ( who were a superpower in european standards ) backing or direct support this should not be overstated . 
  the first part of turkish incusions happened while hungary was still independent , and their support occasionally dipped to such levels that frane andreis had to go to rome to say there is a real possibility croats would shift allegiance to ottomans if help does n't come . 
  on the other hand , habsburg rulers were busy with reformation in germany and wars in italy . 
  they shifted the financial burden of combating turks in croatia onto nobles of today 's slovenia ( since they had most to lose ) and military burden onto serbian refugees . 
  it should be noted that turkish advance stopped immediately after religious peaces and end of wars in italy , probably because it was only then that habsburg wholeheartedly committed to fighting ottomans . 
  not really , because siget was a pyrrhic victory for ottomans and quite literally cost them the war . 
  also , it was a siege , even if they wanted to retreat they could n't . 
  and it was nowhere near the disaster for croatian/habsburg forces as kosovo was for serbia . 
  well , let 's put 20th century aside and look at [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_the_league_of_cambrai ), 
  well , croatia mostly was . 
  it had it 's own version of kosovo in 1493 on krbava field . 
  but that battle was not celebrated , more like mourned . 
  on the other hand , once [ slovenia got into action ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_sisak ) that was it for ottoman advance in the balkans . 
   certain death he who fights and runs away , lives to fight another day . 
  [ basically ] ( http://vukajlija.com/politicka-istorija-srbije/576659 ), 
  easy for you to be smiley when you know that whatever happens you 'll be the winner . 
   cherish  gift from god that 's something i really do n't get . 
  you lost that battle , badly . 
  for the next 450 years you were either a hungarian puppet or an ottoman province . 
  what is there to cherish ? 
  also , considering the list , i 'd start thinking the date is jinxed . 
  when one hears trump one doubts this assertion . 
  ( sorry could n't resist ), 
   news corporation oh christ , we made murdoch happy ? 
  this ca n't be good . 
  there is some catch .
