  so it is suspect quite a bit . 
  deserter ? 
  fifth column ? 
  vacation ? 
  we need to know, 
  my schoolmates ? 
  media ? 
  myself , even though i 'm trying hard to defeat that hate ? 
  \\* three close relatives were in war , one did n't return , plus one grandpa that 's an open serb hater for no apparent reason, 
  does kalinovik count as herzegovina ? 
  slovenia : yes , we really are * that * stingy stuck-up . 
  and we really do kill ourselves en masse . 
  ( alcohol does n't count because if there 's something every slovene is secretly proud about , it 's how much we drink . ), 
  croatia : yes , we really hate serbs . 
  to be fair , we also hate bosniaks , slovenes , montenegrins , hungarians , italians , croats from b-h and from wrong parts of croatia . 
  we are grouchy like that . 
  4x flawless combo !, 
  arguably , it was the tipping point for the islamic fundamentalism : after bosnia , radical islam could finally `` prove '' that the struggle against `` christian west '' is a battle for survival . 
  not really . 
  100 000 dead in croatia/bosnia/slovenia vs. 6 000 dead in donbass . 
  bigger countries but less intensity . 
   the largest military conflict in europe since the second world war endangering world security . 
  good to see bosnia already forgotten . 
  but seriously , awesome painting , propaganda or no propaganda . 
  not where i lived . 
  zoran was squid and ivo was cooked leg . 
  balkans in western europe , yeah right . 
  we 're practically middle east . 
  western europe is not orthodox . 
  end of discussion . 
  we used to call him squid . 
  explanation not necessary . 
  njego\u0161 is turning in his grave . 
  edit : this was tongue in cheek . 
  can we finally put that shit to rest plox ? 
  i 'm not smarter or prettier or more communist because my grandpas were partisans and camp inmates . 
  i 'm really sick of reading same old red vs. white stories , and sds is pretty much the main perpetrator of them . 
  aw jeez not this shit again . 
  let 's not forget bailing out our largest bank every six months and then warching its new directors demanding a bmw as a condition to take the job . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm originally from croatia , so i 'm not really familiar with serbian decision-making during the war ( besides the obvious fact that it was totally chaotical . 
  and of course that our propaganda always tried to leave the impression that serbs indeed were an unified block ) . 
  on our side there was chaos too , but it was always clear that in any case the buck stops at tu\u0111man / \u0160u\u0161ak , so i assumed there was analogous situation in serbia . 
  i do n't mean this as an attack , but explain me one thing though . 
  it 's pretty much universally known at this point that red berets and arkan 's tigers were paid , supplied and trained by the intelligence service of serbia . 
  it 's also known that scorpions , the unit that did most of the killings , was an offshoot of arkan 's tigers . 
  it 's also known that those paramilitaries pretty much all fled to serbia after the war and became an official part of serbian law enforcement as jso ( with some nice side effects , such as a coup attempt and assassination of pm ) . 
  so how can we be sure that the massacre was n't done with support from milo\u0161evi\u0107 's government , or at least tacit approval ? 
  that 's a place name ? 
  never heard of that . 
  ( otherwise there 's also * cntntn * xd ) . 
  enjoy yourselves . 
  the tripoli government * are * the islamists . 
  the tobruk government is the one that 's supposed to be our friend . 
  libya is such a clusterfuck . 
  this is pretty much my opinion too . 
  a difficulty you did n't mention is using brussels as the convenient scapegoat for every failure of domestic politics . 
  so much pop culture is in english that it basically became a neutral language , like latin in middle ages . 
  it 's owned by that korean douchebag , right ? 
  who ` da guessed they would be sneakily pro-russian . 
  it was pretty much the same . 
  russia 's population is twice as large as ukrainian , and there were twice as many serbs than croats in yugoslavia . 
  croatia/ukraine was more powerful in economy , serbia/russia in military . 
  the only difference is that russia has nukes . 
  ahh , eastern europe , where we all need to constantly remind ourselves of that `` europe '' part . 
  the world is about to end . 
  germans made me laugh . 
  that 's even more serbian . 
  you 've never been harassed by one of those mlm types ? 
  `` oh , we are an excellent opportunity for a guy like you , come to our meeting blah blah '' . 
  sometimes they wo n't stop even if you straight tell them to fuck off . 
  oh come on , give slovenes some credit . 
  if they did n't germanize during those 1200 years under germany , they would n't do it in this last century . 
  yes . 
  too bad they seceded anyway . 
  so , after slovenia and croatia ragequit yugoslavia and started a chain reaction that eventually killed 100 000 people , and the only lesson you learned from that is that secession solves everything ? 
  nice topic switching there . 
  the last time i was in bosnia was three years ago and then the biggest shithole was posavina and doboj area , no contest . 
  federation seemed straight up cozy compared with those boondocks . 
  so they 're moving out of sarajevo . 
  color me surprised if soon someone starts talking about ethnic cleansing of serbs from sarajevo by those evul evul bosniuks . 
  edit : spelling, 
  and you , like , ca n't block those attempts without seceding ? 
  that 's what 's wrong with this mentality : thinking that a bunch of hooligans represents a whole nation . 
  i was jumped once in slovenia for speaking with a croatian accent . 
  so apparently that means i was supposed to immediately move back to croatia and hate all slovenians with a passion , instead of doing what i did - dealing with those idiots individually . 
  once the killing was underway no peace deal could solve the rift to everybody 's satisfaction . 
  it was supposed to get dealt with before the war . 
  but it was n't . 
  fuck it . 
  what i want to see is someone actually doing something for peace , and not just everybody spreading hate propaganda and waiting for the international community to look away so that they can resume the killing . 
  i 'm curious , tho , which part of dayton do bosniaks not respect ? 
  outside of this thread , yes , there are a couple of people who give a fuck . 
  so that 's what you want , for people to stop giving a fuck about srebrenica ? 
  cool , but you know very well it wo n't happen for a while . 
  that 's not an excuse . 
  i 'll bet you do n't like how croatia expelled its serbs after oluja , and yet that was done according to the same logic : you cleansed us in 91 , now we 'll cleanse you . 
  at least bosniaks have a noticeable opposition that 's not nationalist and that 's trying to calm the situation down , to let the wounds heal . 
  where is such an opposition in srpska ? 
  and even if situation worsened for bosnian serbs in 1990 , do n't you think it 's always possible to win back the rights and status without bloodshed ?
