  as long as bellies were full and wallets thick , nobody cared about ancient hatreds . 
  do sdsm and coalition have two-thirds majority in sobranie ? 
  then they ca n't force constitutional changes anyway . 
  edit : oh yeah , do keep downvoting everything that does n't fit the alternative reality . 
  that doesnt change the fact that the coalition does n't have enough seats to effect tirana platform , and if they tried to bypass the constitution , there is still the supreme court . 
  you think vmro does n't know that ? 
  young people are daft . 
  wow . 
  who 'd ever have guessed ? 
  apart from smuggling weapons , taking bribes , cracking down on media and being generally destructive ? 
  nothing . 
  i have a question for you too . 
  what name does annoy you guys more , janscists or jansheviks ? 
   [ epp representatives also voted in favour of accepting the serbian progressive party ( sns ) as an associate member ] ( http://www.epp.eu/press-releases/epp-welcomes-serbian-italian-and-lebanese-parties-raises-awareness-concerning-migrations-impact-on-women/ ), 
   certainly not a eu candidate that 's where you 're wrong . 
  the greek nationalist circlejerk is strong here on reddit . 
  on greek sub they 're already discussing how to annex bitola in case of war in macedonia . 
  and emigration . 
  for the past five-six years , i 've noticed that basically every social group i bump into here in slovenia includes at least one macedonian . 
  i do n't know , mate , i guess they do n't really care what the rest of the world thinks as long as they keep their pockets lined . 
  macedonia applied for eu membership in 2004 and became a candidate in 2005 . 
  vmro got in power in 2006 . 
  check their progress , then check serbian or montenegrin . 
  macedonian main right wing nationalist party . 
  in power since 2006 . 
  [ unbelievably corrupt . ] ( http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/macedonia-tapes-riling-party-collected-racket ) . 
  covered their corruption by flaming up nationalist feelings , by policy of antiquization ( basically claiming ancient macedonians are ancestors of modern macedonians , which is plainly untrue and completely ruined already poor macedonian relations with greece ) and constructing [ ridiculous statues ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skopje_2014 ) in the capital . 
  evidence of their corruption was published by the leader of sdsm ( main centre-left party ) , which forced them to [ agree ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pr%c5%beino_agreement ) to snap elections and forming of anti-corruption commission . 
  since that agreement macedonia has seen spikes in violence , starting from kumanovo shootout in november 2015 to today 's events . 
  people suspect they 're trying to provoke an armed conflict in order to stay in power . 
   do they deny parties from member states from joining them ? 
  and why not ? 
  do they really need to take in every corrupt asshole who claims to be christian democrat ? 
  like i said in the other thread , it 's the guys who assaulted the parliament and their party that are responsible for all that . 
  vmro started pushing antiquization , they commissioned that retarded statue , they pose in front of greater macedonia maps and it 's likely they orchestrated clashes in kumanovo . 
  plus they 're ridiculously corrupt , even for balkanic standards , and the tapes that prove their corruption have been published in 2015 . 
  what happens now is just an attempt from their leaders to avoid jail time that would inevitably follow if they lose power . 
  i doubt they care if they provoke a war with that . 
  the bigger the budget the more can be stolen . 
  fascists of the world , unite !, 
  officially he 's exactly that : [ guy on the horse ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skopje_2014#warrior_on_a_horse ) . 
  unofficially ( and obviously ) he 's the reason why so many greeks are pissed off . 
  yeah , and they 're more than 1/4 of population . 
  ( nobody knows for sure what 's their percentage , there has n't been a census since 2002 ( vmro postponed it indefinitely ) and at times it almost seems like more macedonians now live in slovenia than macedonia . ), 
  epp is chock-full of scoundrels . 
  it 's amazing . 
  from orban to fillon to vmro to hdz to jan\u0161a . 
  even vu\u010di\u0107 is affiliated with them . 
  because the main macedonian parties came out essentially tied in the last elections and vmro did n't manage to put together a coalition . 
  after that sdsm succeeded in doing so ( after a lot of bickering with albanian parties about official usage of albanian language ) , but then the president ( vmro member ) simply refused to give them the mandate to form government , because if albanian became an official language the country would , of course , immediately fall apart . 
  they tried to force the president to give them the mandate by electing a new sobranie speaker and you see how that ended . 
  tl ; dr : vmro refuses to step down . 
  the guys you have issues with are the guys now besieging the parliament . 
  they are the ones that pushed the antiquization , they 're the ones who tanked any compromise about the name . 
  ( and i also suspect they 're the ones who orchestrated the shootout in kumanovo . ), 
  if you want to make a difference , you should support sobranie instead of being smug . 
  so , vmro is trying to instigate a civil war ? 
  i 'm not really surprised , truth be told . 
  those fuckers need to be banned . 
  because danskj\u00e4vlar best j\u00e4vlar . 
  username checks out . 
  this one actually has nothing to do with us . 
  eritrean current dictatorship stems from 30 years long independence war against ethiopia , who annexed it in 1962 against wishes of eritrean people . 
  eritreans were n't even supported by the west , their ally was china . 
  after they finally won their independence war in 1991 , the leader of the liberation movement made himself a dictator , simple as that . 
  mcdonalds makes a tidy profit on providing food for american bases in war zones . 
  and i guess apple and microsoft also do some tech support for a thick fee ( unless it 's all done by lockheed martin ) . 
  what you wrote there is essentially that not enough civilians were killed for the event to be as famous as it is . 
  so yeah , you came off really disgusting . 
  maybe that 's not what you intended , in which case you should work on your writing skills . 
  could be . 
  i 'm not good with slang , i speak empress catherine 's russian . 
  russians pronounce stuff weirdly . 
  no , running a state as if it 's your private property , without checks and balances , means you 're a dictator . 
  you 're talking to a slovenian , mate , we 've had oir experience with left wing dictators . 
  exactly . 
  ( meanwhile in the reality that was n't alternative , dubrovnik was garrisoned by less than 500 men who had almost no heavy weapons . 
  they still failed to take it . ), 
  as for now , no . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't really understand why did they open negotiations in the first place . 
  serbia is getting besieged . 
  we 'll see about kaczynski , but if orban is n't a dictator then neither is putin . 
  could somebody in this thread be bothered to read a bit through the thread before starting another idiotic argument about semantics ? 
  it could be said that you made anti-fascism cool . 
   a citizen of the world that is looking forward to leave the people of this enslaved country so tell me , o liberated cosmopolitan , where do you intend to go ? 
  which is more than enough to become the leader of a coalition government ( and hitler 's government was at first a coalition government ) in any proportional system . 
  communism is inherently unstable and will naturally devolve into personal dictatorship given enough time . 
  those who believe that vangard parties ' insatiable drive to control can indefinitely be tamed and controlled by democratic intervention are the real utopists . 
  or , to quote the bible , `` why do you see the speck that is in your brother 's eye , but do not notice the log that is in your own eye ? '', 
  \\  smart, 
  lots of woods , no really big cities and our heavy industry went belly-up in the 90s . 
  our country is like [ peterle 's face ] ( http://nsi.si/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/lojzepeterle.jpg ) , 60 % covered with forest . 
  it 's pretty amazing how they 're doing pretty much the same shit serbian media was doing in the 90 's . 
  ( the rest of us did it too , but we were shitty amateus compared to serbs . ), 
  at one point they reported about 30 000 usta\u0161e and 7000 kurdish mercenaries getting ready to invade montenegro from dubrovnik . 
  ( yes , people actually believed that bullshit , there was a flood of volunteers in montenegro in following days . ), 
  did russians report about anything equivalent in your case ? 
  no , those were all allied . 
  on the other side you had four regular divisions plus 20-30 independent battalions , 94 republican national guard legions , 58 black brigades and x flotille mas .
