  those who declared themselves yugoslavs in '81 and '91 did so out of conviction . 
  you could always be a croat , but you could n't be a croat nationalist . 
  our history is not so much history of empires , great men and great armies as history of chaos , survival and inventiveness . 
  it 's fascinating , really , but it 's not what west imagines as history . 
  dude ... 
  there 's two millions of us , we have never been as rich as we are now , which is slightly above damn portugal . 
  what history can we write ? 
  you forgot the mid-layer of black humor . 
  only in eastern europe can something be so sad it becomes funny . 
  a minor correction . 
  serbia was not un member when it got bombed . 
  and lithuania was a reichskommissariat . 
  just keep lying . 
  someone might even believe you . 
  germans were mobilizing everyone once they started running out of soldiers . 
  my colleague had a grandfather who was mobilized into wehrmacht ( despite being a slovene and thus untermensch ) , sent to france and captured there soon after day d by african-american soldiers . 
  i always found funny how our normal word for germans is etymologically a slur , while our slur for germans ( \u0160vab ) is just a name for a particular german tribe/region ( swabia ) . 
  that 's ugly , but it can be fixed . 
  generation born in 30 's in eastern europe is full of people whose education was interrupted by war , yet basically all of them finished it later . 
  sure , every artwork decays with time and needs to be restored occasionally . 
  notice how i deliberately missed your point . 
  islamic oppression . 
  you have it so hard , dude . 
  jizya , ban on entering churches , it 's awful . 
  you 're a mess . 
  what is weird is your brand of ethno-nationalism . 
  in that thread about old believers you called them immigrants despite them being there since 17th century . 
  apart from you , i only met such attitude with the most extreme croatian nationalists back in the 90 's , immediately after the war . 
   i might have some russian heritage , but it is dubious as the name could be a coincidence . 
  typical . 
  we ca n't allow 25 years to pass without a good war , can we ? 
  what you talkin ' bout willis ? 
  let it go , i remember this guy from another thread . 
  he 's not completely sane , he claims all his ancestors up to 1600 were estonian . 
  well , it is a stereotype that scottish are stingy . 
  yeah right , the last time it took you two months to get to vienna from budapest . 
  the link you provided reads like the most hilarious list of keywords . 
  it suits them , there 's no potato there either . 
  well our collaborationists did n't flee to argentina for nothing , right ? 
  yes , it was in jest  on a more serious note , as far as i gathered , in actual sengoku period battles katana was used as a weapon of last resort because of how brittle and expensive it was . 
  for actual fighting pikes and muskets were preferred . 
  the whole katana cult started in tokugawa period , aka 250 years of stability in japan , when there was no use for katana except for posturing and cutting unsuspecting peasants . 
  i even read somewhere , though i do n't remember where so i ca n't say if my source is reliable , that katana was promoted by tokugawa shoguns precisely because they were quite a shitty weapon and did n't present a challenge to his pike-and-musket army . 
  katana breaks if you look at it too intensely . 
  check a bit kenjutsu techniques and you 'll notice how much dodging is preferred to blocking . 
  in other words , european swords were designed for fighting with other soldiers while katanas were designed for seppuku . 
  i imagine that vikings were pretty much what somali pirates are today : regular guys pushed into banditry by their countries being shit . 
  you too ? 
  crap , i thought this was a slavic thing , like tracksuits . 
  also known as renaultville . 
  he knows words , he has the best words , ask anybody . 
  if that happens we can abandon pro-us rhetoric . 
  nice reach for algerian voters . 
  cekuta cursed perps ' mothers . 
  they aired part of the blurred video on tv . 
  based on what was the attacker saying , he thought he was scarface or something , with all the `` look at you now '' rhetoric . 
  [ tried already , did n't work ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illyrian_movement ), 
  croatia 's birthday is 25 june ( we 're twins !, 
  ) , it got its birth certificate on 8 october , it was baptized on 13 january and a baby shower was organized on 15 january . 
  the reason why it went so slow is because a drunken uncle just kept banging at the door and insisting baby 's belly belongs to him . 
  he must have said something more idiotic at some point , but i 'm not going to search for it . 
  my mental health is more important . 
  czechs did agree to munich , after britain and france informed them they 'll get no help if they decided to resist . 
  as for poland and yalta , true , the government in exile was n't even consulted , but poland already had a government in poland ^ ( installed by ussr ) which had no problem with the settlement !, 
  see , everything was completely legit !, 
  just call it holy roman empire . 
  for some people , sovereignty  poverty . 
  or as they used to say in balkans in ' 91 , `` even if we 're forced to eat grass , we 'll have our state ! '', 
  is that the same thing though ? 
  from what i know rahat lokum is [ this ] ( https://coolinarika-cdn.azureedge.net/image/f34f2c4bb7d2623858a2d44b4634022d_view_l.jpg?v=0 ) and turkish delight [ this ] ( http://perger1757.si/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/30.jpg ) . 
  we simply do n't know that . 
  we also do n't know what did this `` roman emperor '' rule mean , how much control did they have over our affairs , and when did it end . 
  in shorrt , we all know jack shit abour our earliest history . 
  it 's good they did n't include us because on this map we 'd be black . 
  like our lungs . 
  he 's obviously talking out his ass . 
  you , not so obviously . 
  he 's british , they used to deal with their bandits by making them aborigines ' problem . 
   there were attempts to start male/female segregation in gdansk mosque you had a mosque where men and women prayed together ? 
  i think that 's a world 's first . 
  what heritage and history have we lost ? 
  i must say the story of willem the silent is among the most awesome in european history . 
  a royal favorite who was pushed into rebellion because of miseeds of a warlord who was only there because the king was inert , then became the leader of a nation that barely existed before , and finally killed at the peak of his popularity by a bounty hunter , thus becoming the first head of state assassinated with a pistol . 
  even what happened with the assassin is incredible in its brutality . 
  fuck assassin 's creed , there should be a computer game about him . 
  edit : is there any good movie about dutch revolt ? 
  i only watched that russian mini-series , the legend of till eulenspiegel and it was really good . 
  and also about loyalty to spain . 
  i do n't know who spells it without * i * , but it ai n't us . 
  if poland can not into space , can into belarus !, 
  eh , i 'd be so happy if someone messed up and sang the first stanza of slovenian anthem ( which is about getting drunk ) . 
  but instead we 're stuck with slovakian anthem . 
  sigh . 
  so why not call it by its proper name ? 
  albanian hdi is 0.733 . 
  ukrainian is 0.747 . 
  if albania is not europe , neither is ukraine . 
  [ you cant possibly imagine ] ( https://youtu.be/ewtz2xpqwpa ), 
   slovenes have a nasty and shitty attitude towards all nations of yugoslavia , they think they are somehow better than all the others because it 's true . 
  it was simultaneously the most painful and most oddly liberating realization in these 14 years i 've lived here .
