  it has none of the subtleness , wit , or charm of traditional british humour . 
  that part is only ` funny ' because it has an overtly crass swearword in it , which in itself is pretty cheap and not suitable for children or impressionable chinese tourists . 
  seems likely its been put up by some internet-affected youngster . 
   this prideful way of thinking will make us all become pawns for the superpowers . 
  i mean , the uk might be the 10th/9th country in the world in terms of gdp ( ppp , nominal puts you in 5th , but ppp makes way more sense in this case ) , but in the end that 's not enough to wield more than a tiny bit of influence outside europe . 
  without the rest of europe , you 're going to be dominated by china and the us almost automatically , assuming the eu does n't integrate its foreign policy completely and put you in its sphere of influence itself . 
  well i 'm not sure if ppp is any more or less relevant in this situation . 
  by ppp terms china is already the largest economy in the world , and that 's not generally accepted to be the case yet so i tend to stick with nominal . 
  there are around 190 countries in the world . 
  if the uk outside of the eu will have a tiny bit of influence then the 170 countries or so that are not the usa , india or china and also not part of the eu will have negligible influence , even less than that of the uk , so i do n't exactly see what the big deal is really . 
  i do n't think that a federal eu will even rank as a superpower in comparable terms to the usa and china of tomorrow . 
  the oecd forecasts china to constitute 28 % of global gdp by 2060 while the eurozone area will only comprise 9 % . 
  for comparisons , japan only forms 7 % today . 
  the future is n't set in stone and the prospects of a united or federal europe are in many ways as distant as the concept of closer commonwealth integration . 
  every european country will need to choose between sovereignty and eu membership in the coming decades , and i expect national sovereignty and independence to prevail . 
  you ca n't judge the all 17,410,742 brexit voters from a few comments on social media . 
  things like reddit and twitter are incredibly unrepresentative of society . 
  i 've got a screenshot saved on my desktop of a remain voter telling me to hang myself because i voted for brexit , but i wo n't judge all remainers by his words . 
  not at all , it 's simply fact that the uk is home to 65.6 million people ( 13 % of the eu 's population ) and has the world 's 5th largest economy . 
  the uk is a recognised nuclear power with a permanent seat at the united nations security council , so of course when considering these attributes it can be said without bias that the uk boosts the geopolitical standing of the eu more so than belgium or croatia does for example . 
  this is why brexit has been much more ` important ' an event than ` maltexit ' or ` estexit ' would be . 
  yes , my first sentence is probably a bit rude but i was , i think , understandably angry after seeing insults like  ignorance , stupidity , xenophobia , close-mindedness indirectly aimed at me as someone who voted to leave the eu . 
  me and the 17 million other brexit voters are none of those things . 
  it does n't matter what you think because this was a vote for british people over the future of britain . 
  your flair indicates you 're polish . 
  you have your own country , your own people , your own society . 
  perhaps you have no reason to be proud as a polish person . 
  perhaps you have no interest in controlling immigration being polish . 
  you already live in or are from a country of poles in a country shaped to meet the needs of poles alone . 
  you have no experience of your culture and way of life being under threat as a pole in 21st century europe . 
  as for xenophobia and close-mindedness , your country is one of the most racist in europe and one of the least welcoming to migrants and refugees of any kind . 
  brits not wanting more unskilled poles to come to the uk and take working-class jobs is n't comparable to poles not tolerating anyone with dark skin . 
  your government is filled with actual racists . 
  i do n't like your entitlement . 
  it does n't affect you whether the uk is part of the eu or not really . 
  you 're just an eu-nationalist who only cares for the uk to be a member so that it boost the eu 's influence geopolitically and gdp and population statistics . 
  so many europeans from medium and small countries focus all their nationalism on the eu instead because in reality , it is people from * those * countries and not the uk where people are obsessed with having the illusion of influence or power on the world stage . 
  they know they ca n't do it through the medium of their own countries so use the eu instead . 
  northern ireland does n't get high immigration so you do n't see the problems . 
  [ last year the uk population increased by 538,000 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-40372533 ) . 
  how much of that do you think was in northern ireland ? 
  the northern irish population increase by just 10,500 !, 
  [ what is ` artificial ' about this ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/53/modis_-_great_britain_and_ireland_-_2012-06-04_during_heat_wave.jpg )  which serve no higher purpose than dividing human from fellow human . 
  being able to travel anywhere on the planet is the true right no one should have the right to move around as they please . 
  my ancestors have built up this country for over 1000 years . 
  why should someone from kenya have equal access to my homeland , especially when in reverse such migration has been referred to as colonialism ? 
  kenyans have their own country to live in , their own culture and society to belong to . 
  this is the case for almost every peoples around the world . 
  just because people in other countries have ruined their own or failed to produce an advanced society comparable to those in europe have does n't mean they have the right to come here . 
  immigration is n't universally a wonderful benefit . 
  there are vast swaths of the planet where women are stoned to death for adultery , where women face corrective rape , where gays are executed . 
  truly barbaric countries and cultures incompatible with high european culture . 
  borders protect those cultures that have built up the modern world and produced almost every meaningful technological and cultural development the world has seen . 
  ill-defined borders have led to war and instability . 
  borders exist in nature , from ant colonies to a lion pride 's territory . 
  ` this country ' does n't revolve entirely around you . 
  society does n't exist just to allow you to swan around europe living in whatever country you please . 
  if you 're so keen on leaving the uk , why should uk people or uk politicians look out for your interests above mine who will be remaining in the country and contributing to it ? 
  you 're an incredibly entitled individual . 
  let 's face it though , you have no intention of leaving , no intention of trying to adapt to a new country , and even if you did , why ca n't you do so without us in the eu ? 
  other people like americans or australians can move around and settle in europe without their countries being in the eu . 
  if you ca n't afford to move to another country without the subsidy of eu membership then you 're not well-placed to even consider such a move . 
   r/ukpolitics which is pro-brexit ( or at least was , till reality sunk in ) r/ukpolitics has been infiltrated by anarcho-communist-terrorist-loving trash since theresa may called the general election . 
  hopefully they 'll all clear off after jeremy corbyn is deposed . 
  half of them still think he has a chance of being prime minister by next week . 
  please do n't spam . 
  they do n't get to vote on it . 
  they have practically zero power in the british political system . 
  no one cares what they oppose because they have no means to oppose it . 
  maybe they should take their oath and sit in parliament if they expect anyone to pay attention to them . 
  or maybe they could just go on hunger strike again and bow out of this world leaving the rest of us in peace . 
  most of your comment is incomprehensible babble . 
  i 'll only respond to the one point that seems relevant . 
   no-ones holding you responsible for the persecution of the irish or the starvation of millions of indians yet they are . 
  they are when potential terrorist attacks are justified against * me * as a british citizen as a supposedly valid response to the actions of various individuals from decades and even centuries ago . 
  ancient rome declined for hundreds of little reasons . 
  some even say climate change played its part in destabilising the empire . 
  no one denies the crimes of european colonialism , but many rightly refuse to be bound or criminalised because of the actions of people from 100 years ago or longer who oftentimes they are n't even descendant from . 
  is individual responsibility lost over time ? 
  my ancestors mined coal , worked the canals , were family butchers and train conductors . 
  i 'm not responsible for the conquest of india , and nor are my ancestors . 
  i will never feel a shred of guilt or sense of wrongdoing for the crimes of the british empire , which are no more heinous than any other such action by any collectivity of humans , whether that be the ruthless expansion of the usa , the romans who enslaved and massacred brits 2000 years ago , the ancient egptyians who practiced slavery or even the tribal warfare of early humans who exterminated various competing groups tens of thousands of years ago . 
  the han chinese population dominant in china today is so because of thousands of years of warfare , marginalisation and colonialism . 
  every country is the result of one form of colonialism or another , even romania . 
  thus i refuse to feel some sort of eternal guilt or responsibility for the crimes of britain unless i 'm also qualified to revel in the humanity-shaping achievements of britain also . 
  every country has a dark side to their history , but few are responsible for achievements such as the ending of the slave trade , the industrial revolution , the development of vaccines and modern medicine , child labour laws , common law , parliamentary democracy , freedom of the press , modern charity organisations , the global economic system , the classification of animals and so much more . 
  my country has given enough to the world to make up for the sins of empire . 
  as an individual ethnic briton i am either wholly unaccountable for those sins or i have adequately repented because of my country 's other contributions which along with those from the rest of europe have uplifted the world from agrarian barbarity . 
  which obviously explains why a muslim uzbeki attacked sweden , why muslim morrocans and a muslim syrian attacked belgium and why a muslim tunisian attacked germany . 
  it 's absurd to even imagine that moroccans attacked belgium because of belgian rule of the congo which ended in 1960 , or that a tunisian attacked germany because of german colonial rule in namibia which ended 102 years ago . 
   `` there is a big tendency to forget many things of our history , '' zaor\u00e1lek said . 
  `` in india , from the second half of the 19th century , the british are suspected of killing up to 1 million civilians in reprisals stemming from the indian uprising of 1857 . 
  the british east india company 's use of indian agriculture to grow opium and then essentially enforce it on china resulted in the premature deaths of millions . '' where are all the indian hindu and chinese terrorists attacking britain ? 
  why is it only muslims ? 
  are we expected to believe that all the people once subjugated by europeans share some sort of common bond or purpose that unites them against the west in such a fashion to push a tunisian to kill germans because france once colonised mali ? 
  it 's nonsense . 
  the common denominator with all of these terrorists is islam , a hatred of the free and liberal west , fueled by incompatible islamic values . 
  i did read it , the article indicates that the wall 's ultimate purpose is n't fully known . 
   although hadrian 's biographer wrote '' ( hadrian ) was the first to build a wall 80 miles long to separate the romans from the barbarians '' , reasons for the construction of the wall vary , and no recording of an exact explanation survives .
