  just 7.4 % of the vote . 
  they campaigned religiously for a second ref . 
  did you vote for them ? 
  because if not then you voted for brexit to continue . 
  well done . 
   i 'm a remainer and i voted labour because i prefer their national policies , it does n't mean i support brexit because their party line is to proceed with leaving . 
  ** you voted labour , therefore you approve of brexit ** if you and millions of other remainers had voted lib dem instead then we would be having a second referendum . 
  simple . 
  you . 
  young people did n't vote in the referendum - that 's their fault young people did n't vote lib dem in the general election - that 's their fault . 
  stop blaming others for your mistakes . 
  no it is n't . 
  before the acts of union there was the kingdom of england ( comprising england and wales ) and the kingdom of scotland . 
  when they joined together the country became known as the * united * kingdom of * great britain * ( the island on which england , wales and scotland sit ) . 
  after union with the kingdom of ireland ( a sort of client state of the uk already by this point , but previously a collection of tribal states ) , the country became known as the united kingdom of great britain * and ireland * . 
  when ireland left the uk as the irish free state , northern ireland opted to remain in the uk , thus changing the uk 's name to the united kingdom of great britain and * northern * ireland . 
  the eu concept of freedom of movement is warped and can no longer fit in the same category as the ` freedom of movement ' ( your words ) between other countries linked by free trade deals . 
  if freedom of movement is a scale , then the relationship between eu member states today is * maximum freedom of movement * , and it is that form of freedom of movement in particular that many uk voters find unacceptable . 
  new zealand has a free trade deal with china . 
  it does not permit uncontrolled immigration with china however like britain does with eu member states today . 
  nor do third party countries that have free trade deals with the eu . 
  therefore britain will not need to do so with the eu states once it leaves the bloc , even after a trade deal is signed . 
  there 's a few diehard remainers who have a lack of respect for democracy , yes . 
  radicals who only need limited mention . 
  no * real * political party wants to stay in the eu now ( is n't it just the greens ? ) . 
  brexit has been reaffirmed by this election , with [ the vast majority of the country and population voting for parties that are for leaving both the eu and the single market . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/nigel_farage/status/874671000100777984 ), 
  the uk was still in decline after it joined the common market , indeed at first the economic situation got worse . 
  the decline only ended after the initial boost brought about by the oil industry and subsequent developments . 
  the uk economy was never based on ` pillaging ' , that 's a childish analysis . 
  most overseas holdings cost more money than they produced . 
  the uk economy declined after the second world war because of heavy debt compounded by costly foreign commitments , wartime devastation , mass emigration from the 1950s onwards and a failure to adopt modern industrial practices . 
  regardless , the uk economy is very complex and diverse today , leading in finance , pharmaceuticals , military arms , aerospace and so on . 
  little of this is predicated on membership of the european union , which after all , alongside the single market , has only been around since 1993 . 
  you 'll be waiting a long time for the economic devastation you seem to so desperately crave to hit britain . 
   its diversity pended on its membership to the common market . 
  oh please that 's just nonsense . 
  the uk had an advanced , diverse economy long before joining the common market . 
  further developments like the uk 's banking industry were due to financial deregulation in the city of london in the 1980s . 
  the european market and european union might be able to take credit for uplifting poor southern and eastern european countries from grueling poverty , but the uk 's renaissance from the doldrums of the 1970s was based on north sea oil and the ` big bang ' in the city of london . 
  the uk will not be staying in the eu . 
  no one in the uk is calling for this . 
  [ according to this source however ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/brexit-how-does-article-50-work-2016-7 ) , the uk would n't have to seek permission to halt the brexit process if it wanted to . 
  there 's no legal mechanism to force the uk to give up any concessions in order to remain in the eu , even now that article 50 has been triggered . 
  as long as the uk cancelled brexit before march 2019 , the uk would remain in the eu with the same perks it has now . 
  mr vehofstadts comments are regarding a fanciful situation in which the uk one day reapplies to join the eu after march 2019 . 
   macron and verhofstadt were clear that the door would close once britain formally leaves the eu at the end of brexit negotiations in march 2019 . 
  from that moment , the door is shut and britain would have to apply for membership if it wished to rejoin . 
  the bonds between the nations of the uk are strong enough to permit this mass transfer of wealth . 
  the same clearly is n't true in many other european countries like spain where the richest province catalonia wants to jump ship . 
  similar story in italy and even in parts of germany to lesser extents . 
  england has no meaningful independence movement , even though it would have valid motives for one . 
  england does n't even have its own parliament , unlike the other countries of the uk . 
  english people are quite sensible and generous however so no one seems to mind about this set up . 
   the exact same speech that you 're holding could be used to break the union that makes your country . 
  that 's right , so each union should be analysed independently and in each different facet to establish whether they 're beneficial overall or not . 
  for example , in terms of sovereignty the uk is decentralising while the eu is integrating further , and the uk being part of the eu must pay funds into the budget while northern ireland being part of the uk for example receives around # 9.7 billion ( $ 11 billion ) a year according to calculations [ based on this data ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/economy/governmentpublicsectorandtaxes/publicsectorfinance/articles/countryandregionalpublicsectorfinances/2015to2016 ) . 
  no one can tell what the future will hold . 
  china could have a gdp of 60 trillion by 2050 as is currently predicted , or it could collapse into civil war and smaller vying states or have most of its areas of economic importance ravaged by the effects of climate change . 
  i think it 's a bad idea for any european country to just accept a future as nothing more than a ` member state ' of europe in response to an as of yet undecided future , but i think it 's especially unwise for the uk to do so . 
  the world is always changing and new opportunities are always arising . 
  the uk leaving the eu comes at a time where voices in favour of closer commonwealth cooperation are increasing . 
  there 's already been some discussion regarding [ an emerging anglosphere ] ( http://theconversation.com/beyond-brexit-global-britain-looks-to-the-emerging-anglosphere-for-new-opportunities-77562 ) or [ canzuk union ] ( http://www.canzukinternational.com ) , and while such outcomes are at this stage very unlikely , they can at least now be investigated as britain leaves the eu . 
  no such union would ever rival the superpowers you mention , but it would n't exactly need to either . 
  england never forced scotland to attempt the darien scheme in the 1690s . 
  england did n't create the diseases and untoward weather that killed the colonists and made the colony unviable . 
  england did n't bankrupt scotland and make the notion of union with the uk seem attractive . 
  scotland has benefited immensely by being part of the uk . 
  it 's unlikely the scottish enlightenment would have thrived under different circumstances or that much of scotland would have been developed industriously . 
  edinburgh was the ` second city ' of the british empire for a time after all . 
  scotland 's stunningly beautiful cities and towns are testament to the influx of wealth provided by the union . 
  yes really . 
  the uk has a homelessness rate of 0.38 % according to that data . 
  australia is an incredibly wealthy and civilised nation , yet its rate is 0.43 % . 
  canada 's is 0.5 % . 
  england has a rate of 0.20 % and apparently wales just 0.05 % ( cardiff seems to be full of beggars , mind you ) . 
  it 's clearly scotland and northern ireland dragging the whole uk down :-), 
  scotland and england joined together willingly to form the uk . 
  ireland is a more complicated case . 
   as if conquering scotland and a piece of ireland is some big accomplishment [ how about all this though ? 
  ] ( http://nebula.wsimg.com/b30470763c65a77979dd3ee63d98ef5f?accesskeyid=4de779d5e4a696826ac8&amp;disposition=0&amp;alloworigin=1 ) if measuring accomplishment in terms of conquering i think the uk wins by a long shot . 
  you could be talking about any advanced western country . 
  the uk is small geographically , but it 's a ` big ' country in other ways . 
  the uk has an economy larger than all of africa combined , or an economy larger than india 's . 
  the uk is home to just 65 million people while africa and india are both home to over 1.2 billion and 1.3 billion people respectively . 
  the uk and france are in a completely different league to the rest of europe , whether you consider their global overseas possessions , unique ties to large swaths of their former empires , advanced military capabilities , nuclear weapons and seats at the united nations security council . 
  a country like denmark has a limited regional role in the world , while britain still retains a global role . 
  british troops for example reaffirm the security and independence of belize against a potentially aggressive guatemala , and british troops practically single-handedly brought an end to civil war in sierre leone in 2002 after 10 years of failure by the un to bring an end to the conflict . 
  french ongoing military intervention in north african runs in a similar vein . 
  it is n't nationalistic or an imperialist fantasy to acknowledge britain 's role in the world and not actively seek to undermine it by conceding our future to that of a purely european regional power in the same league as denmark . 
  the politico article decided that the uk found it offensive . 
  the british reaction does n't show any offense . 
  it 's just clickbait . 
   britain 's ambassador to denmark , dominic schroeder , hit back , saying he saw no indications `` of a diminished or diminishing power . '' he added that the united kingdom 's membership in the g7 and g20 shows that the u.k. is anything but a small country . 
  there 's nothing wrong with [ a bit of flag-waving . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/bc8quqayyjc?t=13s ) i 'd say it 's quite healthy for a people to have pride in the symbols of their nation . 
  everyone should be proud of their national flag , and they definitely should n't discard it for the eu one . 
  the eu flag really is quite ugly , and no one can deny that it 's utterly meaningless . 
  stars are not a european symbol and what is up with that gaudy blue and yellow ? 
  simply atrocious and devoid of culture and definition .
