  you know the majority of the dutch people are in the no-camp , right ? 
  even when they polled for 100 % turnout . 
  besides , / r/thenetherlands was evenly split in this referendum . 
  a small majority was in favour iirc . 
  for the non-dutchies out there , i translated the most relevant part in the article : ** reasons why people did not vote : ** - the government will ignore the result anyway . 
  ( 27 % ) - i do n't know what to vote for . 
  ( 26 % ) - i 'm against this referendum itself . 
  ( 23 % ) - i 'm hoping turnout will remain below 30 % . 
  ( 16 % ) - i 'm not interested in politics ( 15 % ) - i do n't think this particular subject is important enough ( 10 % ) - the turnout wo n't reach 30 % anyway . 
  ( 8 % ) - i do n't know/no reason . 
  ( 8 % ) - i did n't have the time to vote . 
  ( 6 % ) - the polling station was too far away or too busy . 
  ( 1 % ) - i did n't know there was a referendum , or i forgot . 
  ( 1 % ) - other . 
  you are right , til the one in the netherlands was not binding . 
  the one in france ( who voted no as well ) was though . 
  just like they never retified the european constitution , right ? 
  this treaty will be retified by the netherlands , i think that 's pretty much gauranteed . 
  maybe with one sentence moved , or a title chance but do n't expect any significant changes . 
  and both sides have bad arguments . 
  i 've seen some really ridiculous claims from either side . 
  to be clear , the largest part of the netherlands voted against the treaty . 
  the overwhelmingly largest part of the country , not just the small provinces . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://imgur.com/8yzduc8 ) the current results . 
  no it wo n't . 
  the treaty is going to pass anyway . 
  the referendum is purely advisory . 
  the government is not obligated to follow the results . 
  they will probably negotiate for a while , but they 'll probably just pass the treaty with a slight name chance perhaps . 
  biggest part of the treaty has already been rectified anyway . 
  back in 2005 a similar percentage voted against the eu constitution , a referendum that * was * binding . 
  even that passed in the end , with a different name . 
  not going to happen . 
  it is much more likely that the ` new ' treaty will simply be passed without a referendum . 
  it 's an advisory referendum by the way , the government is not obligated to respect the result . 
  they say they wo n't just pass this treaty , but the most probable case they 'll pass the treaty perhaps under another name . 
  like they did with the eu consitution by the way . 
  which was binding , yet passed anyway under another name . 
  i suspect it 's similar as in german and dutch , words can be combined to make new compound words . 
  for example , a wine glass for red wine could be called a ` red wine glass ' in english . 
  in dutch this is a single word , so we would have ` redwineglass ' . 
  ( or ` rodewijnglas ' ) because one could add words as much as he wants , languages like dutch or german do n't really have a longest word . 
  -------------------- in reality , words like ` arbeidsongeschiktheidsverzekeringsformulier ' are not uncommon here . 
  but it does n't get much worse than that . 
  arbeidsongeschikt = unfit for work . 
  ( arbeidsongeschiktheid can roughly be translated to the state of being unfit for work . 
  the addition ` heid ' is like the english ` ness ' . 
  as in stupid --  stupidness ) verzekering = insurance , formulier = form . 
  this is the form you need to fill in to apply for the insurance you get because you got deemed unfit for work . 
  ( for example , due to a serious illness ) . 
  one could take this to the extreme like : * arbeidsongeschiktheidsverzekeringsformulierfabrieksmedewerkeropstanddeskundige . 
  * this would be a person that is an expert ( deskundige ) in revolts ( opstand ) of the workers ( medewerker ) of the factory ( fabriek ) that makes said form . 
  this word is grammatically correct , but does not make a lot of sense . 
  it 's an imaginary profession . 
  there 's no factory that makes these forms . 
  let alone an expert that specialises in revolts among the factory workers of such forms . 
  such a word is as weird for a dutch person as it is for a foreigner . 
  a dutch person would know what it means , but it 's not a word that 's actually used . 
  ( partly because , as i stated , it does n't make a lot of sense ), 
  nobody 's saying that . 
  yeah , odd to see a pretty good nazi joke do so bad on reddit . 
  could you follow up with some examples ? 
  i literally never heard of the party , but a lot of people seem to disagree with you . 
  the economic policies of the vvd are very right wing . 
  are you denying that ? 
  especially when it comes to austerity . 
  the single most important economic decision taken in the 6 years in my opinion . 
  the vvd is carrying almost the entire economic agenda of the government . 
  the pvda carries more of the cultural agenda . 
  i agree with you that the current state of the netherlands is on the left side of the global spectrum . 
  but the direction the vvd is pushing the the country to ( or at least wants to push . 
  they 're still in a coalition with labour ) is certainly to the right of the european spectrum . 
  i do n't even think rutte would deny that . 
  a country outside of the eu with better social security would be norway . 
  but that 's kinda cheating , is n't it :p, 
  who in their right mind calls cdu extreme leftist ? 
  i literally never have seen that claim . 
  i was in berlin during election season . 
  short answer : oh yes . 
  communist parties had signs everywhere . 
   he biggest fuckup was iraq , and most of europe was not involved in that . 
  you know where the word kamikaze comes from , right ? 
  the viet cong used suicide bombers as well . 
  yeah , i 'm not disagreeing with you on that . 
  such a bulk is expected with a sudden boost of life expectancy ( due to decreased poverty ) . 
  it will solve itself over time , but by then i 'm nearing my retirement birthrate in africa is still higher than most of the world , and the decline is not terribly rapid . 
  i just wanted to point out that the birthrate is steadily declining nonetheless and is expected to keep declining . 
  just give me one reliable source that the african birthrate is not decreasing . 
  it 's been decreasing for quite a while now . 
  it 's a trend that can be observed everywhere , as poverty decreases , child rate decreases as well . 
  here 's a source : http://blogs.worldbank.org/opendata/between-1960-and-2012-world-average-fertility-rate-halved-25-births-woman, 
  i wo n't begin about the moral implications of your argument . 
  it 's an interesting dilemma , but the premises is factually wrong . 
  as countries get richer , their birth rate decreases . 
  you see this happening everywhere , and africa is no exception . 
  birth rates in most countries in africa have decreased quite a lot , and continue to decrease today . 
  there are many sources on this topic , and all reliable sources show this . 
  here 's just one quick link with data : http://www.geocurrents.info/population-geography/indias-plummeting-birthrate-a-television-induced-transformation . 
  edit : http://blogs.worldbank.org/opendata/between-1960-and-2012-world-average-fertility-rate-halved-25-births-woman, 
  you know literally 95 % of refugees are housed in countries near syria like turkey and lebanon ?
