  clearly duolingo is refering to a gy\u00f0ja - a priestess of the norse faith . 
  you !, 
  yes you op - * you * will be taken to uppsala and sacrificed in the next great bl\u00f3t - hail wodan !, 
   basically r/europe in a nutshell is it ? 
  all the nazi or nazi sympathizing posts i see are heavily downvoted . 
  not that i do n't approve , but i really do n't see why every `` side '' always tries to look like the underdog . 
  the / r/europe ` hivemind ' so to speak is clearly not on their side . 
   have playstation clearly cruel and unusual punishment , are human rights not respected in norway ? 
  we 're only learning from the best . 
  finding it hard to believe that any significant number of people thought the headline was real . . do people need an / s or a [ humor ] tag for everything nowadays ? 
   loyalty to romania . 
  [ funnily enough , we have a history of german leaders turning against their heritage ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/f2/63/fd/f263fd7ad9d59090c514b31dbaf9ed78--ww-posters-romania.jpg ), 
  [ he does . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wkax72ojwk ), 
  it 's all fun and exciting righteousness until your own car gets set on fire by one of these morons who use this as an excuse to just destroy things for ` fun ' . 
   the british guys dominates that picture . 
  i 'm not an expert but this might have something to do with the picture being taken from his side of the tunnel ... 
  he posted pictures of himself fighting in syria on facebook under his real name . 
  these are not smart people . 
  would n't you look up the social media presence of a guy you 're hiring ? 
  there 's a reason i do n't have a facebook account , or other shit with my real name on it - who knows what i might say that an employer might not like a few years later , no thanks . 
  that revolution is set against a relatively murky background . 
  without really going into it a lot , the whole thing was more of a coup by other communists than a revolution ` of the people ' as you may traditionally think of it or what is usually brought up as a reason for armed citizenry . 
  if it were a real revolution then imo relatively high ranking communist party officials would n't have been the ones to take up the reigns of power immediately afterwards . 
  also , as its been said , the ` armed ' part was all the army and other paramilitary forces , the average citizen was as unarmed back then as they are now and i seriously doubt the few that may have had guns would have went out to shoot anyone or had much success if they did . 
  all that being said , i 'm not fundamentally against guns , i just do n't think the whole `` we 're going to pick up our hunting rifles and take down the government ! '', 
  really works - especially today . 
  as i said in another post in this thread , i 'm unsure of how effective the notion of armed rebellion as the us 's founding fathers envisioned it would even be today . 
  you only need look at [ what china is doing ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-34592186 ) and you 'll see totalitarianism in the future will be very different from what we were used to in the 20th century or what some countries still have today . 
  hell , i 'd say compared to what they 're planning even orwell 's idea feels delightfully quaint . 
  but about us specifically : i ca n't see romanians going into full-on armed rebellion ( assuming they 'd have the arms ) , it just is n't our style - we do n't really fit into that rough , aggressive , eastern european stereotype . 
  neither are we big on defending our rights - yes , we 've had protests before , but compared to , say , the french , they 're nothing . 
  i suppose what i 'm saying is that as a whole ( there are always exceptions , but overall ) we 're too meek and sedated to even consider some sort of murderous plot like that . 
  i 'm also not sure it would work , that you could replace a corrupt political class overnight with bullets or if i 'd even approve of what kind of society might emerge from what would essentially be a civil war . 
   when you look at history , when things go bad in that context , they go very bad . 
  that 's old totalitarianism though , you should look at [ what china is doing ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-34592186 ) if you want to see the future template oppressive regimes will use . 
  honestly , under this kind of system where people and ideas are oppressed by peers rather than by some goose-stepping , jackbooted government thug , i 'm not sure the idea of an armed militia can even be effective . 
  people wo n't be obedient because they 're afraid , but due to positive reinforcement - big brother 's kinder , gentler hand basically . 
  combine all that with all the typical media distractions and general apathy and you can get a dictatorial regime that actually has to work a lot less hard and with far cleaner hands - it 's quite scary when you think about it actually . 
  do n't think i 've ever seen a gun other than in a police officer 's holster , and only some of them are actually armed . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  no school shootings , no gun violence . 
  when a crime involving a shooting does happen it 's usually such a big deal it makes national news . 
  in fact , the [ last shooting i remember ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_bucharest_hair_salon_shooting ) was in 2012 - and it was essentially a domestic dispute , the shooter only had a gun because he was part of the internal affairs ministry . 
  that 's okay , we do n't need real bees anyway , we can just create autonomous robot ones , [ what could go wrong ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4bumqpc1mi ), 
   the head of the greatest army in europe if your army lands in europe , we 'll get the belgian police to arrest them . 
  our cunning strategy of staying poor and irrelevant is finally paying dividends - take that europe !, 
  the guy who shot up those republican senators at a charity baseball game . 
  would it ? 
  i ask because it 's 36km from edirne , basically a straight road you drive over in less than an hour . 
  it used to be part of the ottoman empire , same as a lot of other places in eastern europe . 
  in 1912 , it became part of bulgaria - if the borders they settled on a little over 100 years ago would 've been 36km further north , you 'd be here telling us that the area also is n't part of europe which is just silly . 
  maybe do n't conflate your ( rightful , i do n't like them either ) dislike of various political regimes with geography ? 
  that part of thrace played a role in european history before there even was such a thing as turks or ottomans . 
  is [ svilengrad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/svilengrad ) part of europe ? 
  they mean different things , the first sentence is essentially like `` god , we 're bad at maths '' or `` gosh , we really are bad at maths are n't we ? '', 
  in the second sentence you 're directly answering/addressing someone ( the so called ` mate ' ) . 
  i suppose you can use the first one the same way , but it sounds unnatural to me . 
  pence is terrible in plenty of ways , but i can not imagine how he 'd be more embarrassing . 
  this is the actual quote from the article : `` and i mean doing more to restrict the freedom and the movements of terrorist suspects when we have enough evidence to know they present a threat , but not enough evidence to prosecute them in full in court . 
  `` and if human rights laws stop us from doing it , we will change those laws so we can do it . '' basically the same thing , but `` rip up '' sounds more sensational . 
  what a strange building , other than the domes it does n't look anything like an orthodox church . 
   instead you get to experience their xenophobic and christian fundamentalist culture . 
  - ethnic minority party that has been in parliament and in almost every government since 1991 . 
  the only one in europe of such size as far as i know . 
  - ethnic and religious minority ( ! ), 
  president decisively winning elections in 2014 - ethnic minority chief prosecutor , perhaps one of the most trusted public figures recently . 
  a woman , too , shocking , right ? 
  - generous levels of autonomy ( short of * actual * autonomy as they 'd want ) in the hungarian-majority areas in transylvania . 
  imagine a county in the uk or wherever you live where everything is signposted in , lets say , arabic alongside english , everyone speaks arabic and you have arabic only schools . 
  my experience of people 's faith in romania is that it 's by large on a very superficial level with mostly superstition style beliefs rather than `` fundamentalism '' as you would put it . 
  it 's certainly not comparable to something like the us bible belt and you 'd get laughed out of the room if you 'd compare it to islamic fundamentalism . 
  we have our problems ( incoming homophobic referendum that will inevitably pass . . ) , but accusations of fundamentalism are just laughable - as for xenophobia - well , there will always be more suspicion of foreigners in ethnically homogenous societies , but there are * far * better examples of xenophobia than here . 
  i wo n't speak for the other countries since i do n't have a clue , but i suspect neither do you . 
  you misspelled saudi arabia . 
  it was n't a tweet - [ this is what he said in an interview ] ( http://www.standard.co.uk/news/world/new-york-explosion-sadiq-khan-says-terror-attacks-are-part-and-parcel-of-life-in-a-big-city-a3347891.html ) . 
  it was an unfortunate choice of words , those who try to twist it into `` better get used to it ! '', 
  are really reaching though . 
  we 'll have to see , my prediction : 20-30 something 2nd generation migrant , no or only tangential connections to any terrorist organization , everyone that knows him never expected it . 
  in two days or so we might also hear that he was actually on a government watch list , but somehow despite nearly orwellian levels of surveillance he still could n't be stopped . 
  perhaps ideologies that consistently drive people to such acts * deserve * some of the criticism they get ? 
  nice try , donnie . 
  gosh , it 's just a joke , why are you pretending op or anyone else is serious ? 
  i 've always found it funny how certain people keep banging on about `` dem liberhuls and their feels over reals '' ( and sometimes rightfully so ) but they themselves are instantly `` triggered '' whenever something that opposes their views comes up , you know , just like their opposites . 
  stupid pr stunt to sell more tickets , nothing more to it really . 
   it 's a tunnel . 
  a tunnel of raw stone ( not smoothed at all ) , with its width the size of your chest + shoulders , the height a bit less than this , and 20m ( 65 ft ) long . 
  you have to crawl , almost without your arms , like a worm . 
  yeah . . uh . . that is . . 
  why do you have to bring up entitlement ? 
  i 'm pretty sure no one pirates because they feel * entitled * to any of this , but simply because they * can * . 
  and because , ironically , it was ( and in many cases still is ) more hassle free than buying things . 
  hell , i have older games without steam codes in their original cases somewhere on some shelves and if i want to install them i 'll just go pirate them cos it takes a few clicks and then 30 minutes of waiting . 
  i have an hbo subscription , but i still pirate game of thrones because i want to watch it right after it releases in the us rather than like 20 hours later , and so forth . 
  i ca n't imagine anyone who thinks `` i * deserve * these products for free !, 
  '' , its just if you can , why not ? 
  i wo n't cry over the bottom line of multi billion dollar companies , thanks . 
  personally , in most cases . . no . 
  take for instance just cause 3 , the game that went uncracked for longest in recent history .
