  how would you do someone 's hair if they 're wearing a hat ? 
  and right wingers only care about them until they 're born , everyone has their faults . 
  you seem to be moving the issue - i was n't talking about the burkas , * that * is bullshit . 
  i 'm talking about forbidding * citizens * from going somewhere . 
  the government has no business in your personal beliefs . 
  you could apply this same logic to a lot of other professions that hold responsibility , you know ? 
  what about doctors ? 
  teachers ? 
  what are they allowed to do ? 
  it 's starting to sound like discrimination to me , ugly stuff . 
  and does this apply to every religious denomination or only the ones we do n't like ? 
  will you tell the catholic he ca n't go to church on sunday cos he 's in the police force ? 
  that would be the day . 
  bottom line : a representative of the government ( in this case a police officer ) should n't wear religiously identifiable clothing in public or abide by the rules of said religion , they abide by the rules of the secular government , it 's their job . 
  at the same time though , the government should n't interfere in it 's citizens private lives , when they 're off the job , they can do whatever they want ( that is n't illegal ) . 
   not going to church i think is not unreasonable to demand that from them . 
  police officers should n't be allowed to attend church ? 
  i 'm an atheist , but that is simply mental . 
  it 's none of the state 's business where you go in your free time if you 're not doing something illegal . 
  where else should police officers not be allowed to go cos of `` dedication '' ? 
  strip clubs ? 
  heavy metal concerts ? 
  can they go drinking when off duty or is that ~ ~ haram ~ ~ lack of dedication ? 
  seriously , it 's none of anyone 's business . 
  oh , so they 're not insane at all , this is a profitable venture . 
  well , in that case , balkan approves !, 
  understanding why people do things helps you prevent others from going down that path in the future . 
  the `` hulk smash ! '', 
  methodology seldom works . 
  to what end ? 
  other than petty vengeance that is . 
  it 's not that i give a shit about what happens to him , but rather what happens to a society that condones or worse yet , applauds torture , even when it 's applied to it 's worst members . 
  i do n't know about you , but i do n't think losing even a little bit of humanity is worth whatever `` feel good '' result that torturing the scum would provide . 
  only being locked up for 5 years though , that 's something you can complain about . 
  life imprisonment is what he should 've gotten . 
  you underestimate how superpowers conduct themselves . 
  there is a plan and a backup for everything , even little moldova . 
   what would designate you as an ethnic roma , in your opinion ? 
  because beyond the roma culture , there 's nothing to differentiate you from other humans . 
  you sure about that ? 
  they certainly do n't look like the rest of us romanians , maybe the ones who are only half roma you 'd have trouble telling apart , the ones with 2 roma parents though , you can tell . 
  next you 'll tell me there 's nothing to differentiate africans or arabs from `` other humans '' ( read : white people ) either . 
  people look different . 
  even those within the same wider ethnic group ( caucasians etc ) with the same skin color can look different if you look closely enough . 
  but even if you * could n't * tell them apart , what do you mean , refer to yourself as human and not roma ? 
  really ? 
  at the risk of invoking godwin 's law , how about you go tell jews that they should n't refer to themselves as jews , but just humans . 
  is that how you identify yourself ? 
  this is nothing but pure , ethnic based discrimination . 
  how about this instead : the * humans * ( as you like to call them ) responsible for the murder get punished to the fullest extent of the law , and the people who are * innocent * are n't subjected to mob justice because they 're brown . 
  that works for me . 
   that was the ex-prime minister of romania , victor ponta . 
  i know he 's an unlikeable guy , but this is just not true . 
  [ it was ioan rus . 
  but france is in a coalition with the rest of the continent and they 'll probably support rebels in scotland ~, 
   let 's add to your reasoning the context of cultural mores . 
  if your ethnic group culture makes it okay to have parallel courts and adhere to other human values than the state you 're in , does that make it okay to be held accountable as a member of an ethnic group ? 
  so what can a person of said ethnic group do to differentiate themselves from these practices ? 
  wear a sign all the time ? 
  give everyone a business card with explanations on what they really believe ? 
  do you understand how ridiculous this is ? 
  come on , tell me , what would you , if you were a roma but thought these old school practices were bullshit , what would you do when people assumed you follow them anyway cos of how you look ? 
  starting to sound insanely unfair to me , but i must just be one of those crazy liberals or something . 
  yes , it is , actually . 
  a lot of romanian doctors of all kinds leave for places like germany or uk because the salaries for the kind of work they do are frankly insulting . 
  they would n't be taken in if they were n't qualified , it 's one of the few things we do relatively well . 
  clarification : after the almost comical if it were n't for the almost 1 mil dead a-h fiasco in serbia , germany sent august von mackensen to make sure the romanian campaign is done properly . 
  they also brought the bulgarians along for extra giggles . 
  tldr version : habsburg empire controlled transylvania for a long time even though most of it were populated by romanians , with the ethnic magyar population concentrated in several provinces . 
  it swapped hands in 1918 , again in 1940 and once more at the end of the war . 
  nowadays , the magyar minority of transylvania is one of the best represented minorities in europe within it 's parent state , with a political party based largely on ethnicity that has been part of almost every if not every government ( technocratic ones not withstanding ) since 1991 . 
  they have schools in hungarian , road signs , some institutions even fly their own special flag instead of the romanian one , much to some people 's annoyance . 
  in truth , there is no controversy . 
  everyone is happy the way things are with the exception of extremists on both sides that , for the most part , hate each other even though they were born way after any of the repressions happened . 
  even more tldr : rah-rah nationalism from both sides . 
  the borders are n't changing nor does anyone want them to change and go through the political and administrative nightmare that it would ensue , with the exception of dreamy-eyed hungarian nationalists that want to be austro-hungary again and the romanian reactionaries on the other side who think they 're stalwart defenders of the land against the evil huns . 
  [ we 'll continue sending you all of our dentists to help you with your teeth . 
  ] ( http://images2.fanpop.com/image/photos/9300000/quark-ferengi-9330446-393-500.jpg ), 
   he ca n't change that he 's from poland but you can change your religious denomination or give it up , so that 's not a good comparison . 
  would n't be at all shocked if the guy simply discriminated on ethnic grounds , which is often what all of this comes down to . 
  are you brown ? 
  probably muslim then , so automatically hated/suspected . 
  he knew the women were muslim cos of the headgear , but you tell me 2 dudes talking arabic to each other walked in and he would n't react the same . 
   but has that made you into a native american ? 
  you know , cherokee , sioux , navajo ... why not ? 
  you were born in the same place as them , you lived in the same place as them ... oh wait , ethnicity has nothing to do with geography if you take this train of thought to it 's logical conclusion , we 're all africans and what right do we have to call ourselves european when it was actually the neaderthals that originally lived in this area as well as asia , before we , you know , killed them all and the word we use for them is an euphemism for `` stupid '' . 
  so my question does remain unanswered : just how many generations have to pass for you to be european ? 
  how many times does your foreign blood have to mix with `` indigenous '' people before you 're `` of '' that place ? 
  2 generations ? 
  but none of this * really * matters - what does matter is that people use this sort of rhetoric to create an `` us vs them '' mentality , and a lot of innocent people get caught in the middle . 
  i am white , but you better damm well believe i would be furious if i were black/brown/etc and i were a non-religious , integrated member of a european society , and the white majority would lump me in with mass murderers and people who mutilate little girls , just cos i 'm brown . 
  fuck that . 
   anybody would be offended that they 're country is refused so aggressively that they would cry . 
  not at all . 
  i found it absolutely hilarious . 
  ` shitholes ' are relative , i 'm sure many of those women in koln on new years ' would 've been fine with being in a `` shithole '' like bulgaria instead of what happened to them in their much `` better '' country . 
  i dunno , if my neighbor would come out in the middle of the street screaming and douse himself in gasoline then set himself on fire , i 'd probably talk about him , even if i thought he was a bit of a dick sometimes . 
  looked through only your 1st page of comments , almost all of them are about the us ( or `` amerifats '' as you say , thinking you 're super clever ) . 
  for someone who does n't want to be controlled by the evil americans , you sure spend a lot of your time thinking about them . 
  on reddit i 've also learned that [ women are all evil ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/thebluepill/ ) and that [ i really , really need to check my privilege ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/tumblrinaction/ ) .
