  sources close to the investigation declared that the young man systematically distribuited , through social media , messages of support for terrorist organisations , videos in which captives of islamic state are decapitated , but also videos of threats that could lead to some people 's lives being put in danger . 
  prosecutors found documents and jihadist propaganda materials in the teenager 's home , this is the first case of a radicalized romanian known to prosecutors . 
  the article repeats itself a fair bit , but there you have it . 
  another thing that is n't mentioned but is worth keeping in mind : he is not from a muslim family , he converted and self-radicalized on the internet . 
  i know right ?!, 
  just like all north koreans are fervent supporters of the dear leader . 
  its not like voting and attending rallies was compulsory , everyone was just really into it . 
  in any case , your comment about `` russophobia '' could n't be any further off base , i do n't think there is anyone on this sub who would n't want to see a modern , democratic russia that does n't murder/imprison journalists and political adversaries , or is n't rabidly anti-lgbt or does n't waltz all over the territory of other sovereign states 18th century style . 
  oh , and before you 're quick to leap on it , yeah , we 've been waiting on that last point with the us too . 
  that is what i want to see . 
  and that russia would be a better russia not just for the rest of the world , but for everyone living in it as well . 
  until then , i do n't even have to try , the jokes just write themselves . 
  you 're right about one thing though . 
  gross human rights violations are not funny . 
  but sometimes making light of shitty situations is all you can do . 
  poisonous ideologies will always find local , spineless lackeys to do all the dirty work . 
  and lets not kid ourselves about not being imposed from abroad , 1950s moscow would have never permitted a non-communist romania to exist . 
  how did that russian official put it earlier this year ? 
  `` tanks do n't need visas . '', 
  soviet ideology held us back 50 years , we get to make a few jokes in return . 
  i think we 'll call it even . 
  you misunderstands . 
  comrade is just taking a well deserved glorious state paid vacation during which he will be helped to shift his activism work towards party activism . 
  besides , siberian air fresh . 
  good for lungs . 
  from romania , without a doubt , it has to be this guy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8gxpp5zlyy&amp;spfreload=10, 
  you should check out extra credit 's extra history series on justinian and teodora and the one on the 1st crusade . 
  you probably already know what they 'll say or even more but they 're cool since they 're good storytellers nontheless . 
   i did not call for him to be tar and feathered you need n't anyway . 
  everyone knows the french have feathers on their bodies from birth . 
  yeah the naval stuff was just confusing . 
  air on the other hand was n't so much obtuse as it was micromanagement hell - and that is coming from someone who had no problem reorganizing oobs and assigning all generals manually . 
  i 'm pragmatic , if kissing a man once gets me preferential treatment or even more importantly , might save my life , i would have no problems doing it . 
  then again , i guess for someone really religious and insecure , it would be different . 
  how would you ` prove ' being gay though ? 
  the stellaris pitch was so good that i 'm afraid to get too excited in case it does n't live up to it . 
  but in-house paradox games have pretty much always been good , so i hope they can deliver . 
  am hopeful for hoi4 too , i enjoyed 3 a lot as germany but obtuse naval systems kept me from trying out countries like uk or japan too much . 
  4 's changes in that department sound promising . 
  in other news , north korea threatened to invade the united states earlier this year unless they cancel military exercises with south korea . 
  here in romania we are famous for always being `` taken by surprise '' when winter comes . 
  every winter , you will see a news story - `` winter takes authorities by surprise ! '', 
  since in our magical land snowfall is a random event that can not be predicted . 
  oddly enough , i 've yet to see any snow in june . 
  here you go , have some ( might i say quite well done ) russian propaganda instead for a change : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeaw6ktxg-8, 
  and according to isis the world will end in an apolcayptic conflict between muslims and 80 nations . 
  and all kufirs must be slaughtered . 
  we really gots to do something about these muslims before they get out of hand . 
  right guys ? 
  right ? 
  so easy to conflate the ideas of one ` representative ' with something as wide and open-ended as feminism . 
  just say that mrs.butler and anyone who follows her crap are shitty , awful , sexist people and move on . 
  i 'm sure you must 've thought you had a sterling arguement there when you compared this to nazism , but to answer your ridiculous question : yes , why not ? 
  read it . 
  it 's awfully boring and deranged , but maybe it 's important to understand why it was bad . 
  jobbik says hi btw . 
  nonsense !, 
  if it has the word ` feminism ' in it you can totally pass judgement based on constructs in your head . 
  do n't let lack of knowledge get in the way of prejudice . 
   it would be like me knowing you 've a short fuse and provoking you until you struck me , and then claiming i 'm the victim . 
  that would be a great analogy if not for the fact that it is widely declared isis doctrine that we all have to convert or die . 
  the mere fact that you exist and are a `` depraved westerner '' is provocation enough . 
  heresy . 
  everyone knows any red blooded russian wears only track suits . 
  an agenda does n't have to mean some shadowy conspiracy or that he works for someone , it merely means he is really prejudiced and will conviniently ignore facts that do n't fit his view on a certain group of people . 
  simply the fact that he thinks the ira `` warned '' people about their bombs is so baffling that i have a hard time thinking he genuinely believed what he said . 
   the ira if they ever put bombs they announced so nobody would be there . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brighton_hotel_bombing the ira claimed responsibility the next day , and said that it would try again . 
  its statement read : `` mrs. thatcher will now realise that britain can not occupy our country and torture our prisoners and shoot our people in their own streets and get away with it . 
  today we were unlucky , but remember we only have to be lucky once . 
  you will have to be lucky always . 
  give ireland peace and there will be no more war . '', 
  you clearly , clearly have an agenda , but unfortunately you 're woefully misinformed . 
  and the fact that you answered to the guy that said you were generalizing by saying he 's defending terrorists is ** beyond disgusting ** - i wo n't bother explaining why , since you 're no doubt set in your ways anyhow . 
  these sort of claims remind me of ex-president traian basescu 's claim that he will resign in 5 minutes if he is impeached . 
  ( ps : he was impeached twice . ), 
  what makes you say that ? 
  his description would probably be accurate in any country , most people are not interested in politics , this does n't make them idiots , just like you are n't an idiot if you are n't interested in literature or physics . 
  clearly the colonials are dying to get back in the service of queen lizzy . 
  i would evaluate the risk and decide what is best for me . 
  if someone is pointing a gun at you and asking for your wallet would you `` fight '' ? 
  if your answer is yes , then you are now dead , congratulations . 
  at least you 're not a coward . 
  if your question was more meant as an abstract : i am not a soldier . 
  i have not trained to be a soldier . 
  i do n't want to be one . 
  we are not in 1939 . 
  force projection is on a whole different level today . 
  you could have millions of conscripts and they would be useless against a professional army in a conventional war . 
  so no . 
  i wo n't die for nothing . 
  i wo n't `` cry for help '' either , i 'll look after myself and those close to me , not after some nebulous `` motherland '' concept used to guilt the gullible and symbol-minded into fighting for the ruling class . 
  yes , yes . 
  you can go die to line politician 's pockets and feel good about it too , i 'll sit here and be undeserving and cowardly and all those other really unmanly things . 
  people that do n't want to be in an army should have no business being anywhere near one . 
  i know i would be taking the first ticket to anywhere else if there would be forced conscription and if not i would rather rot in prison than be cannon fodder for ` realpolitik ' plays . 
  if thats unpatriotic or something , whatevs . 
  that 's very troubling . 
  means the orthodox church is full of them . 
  is this like a beardier and older version of sarah palin ?
