  there is no such thing as political ideology in romania , at least not in mainstream parties . 
  they 're not actual commies , they 're `` just '' corrupt oligarchs . 
  the green represents the ethnic magyar party since there are a high number of them in that area . 
  the rest of ardeal is traditionally anti psd , more or less . 
  it 's more complicated than that actually , at least from a legal pov . 
  french guiana is an overseas department of france and is actually part of the eu . 
  they even use the euro as a currency . 
  something like the isle of man , on the other hand , is n't and never was part of the eu at all . 
  obviously , french guiana is as much `` in europe '' as vladivostok is , but legally , a french citizen from guiana is no different from one in paris and someone from vladivostok is no different from someone in moscow . 
   it 's hard to imagine people actually working themselves up about others celebrating christmas . 
  middle class people in rich countries with no real worries will work themselves up about * anything * . 
  the ironic use of quoutation marks is an internet thing , newspapers use them to describe someone else 's words or allegations . 
  in this case , the polish pm called the truck driver `` heroic '' . 
  am atheist , not even slightly offended by christmas , it 's a cultural event for me and those who want to see it as a religious one are welcome to do so . 
  if you truly , truly get offended by someone saying `` merry christmas '' , perhaps you should think for awhile about your life and how good you have it that inconsequential bullshit like this is what really bothers you ? 
  dunno . . thought of something generic and topical that everyone would understand . 
  could only describe your reaction as mental illness , that or i hope you 're seriously drunk on eggnog or something and will reconsider the shitty thing you 're saying . 
  have serious doubts this was a thing anyone said . . what * may * have been expressed was some discomfort at people openly celebrating in the streets at the guy 's death . 
  in this case , i 'm glad he 's gone and ca n't hurt any more innocent people , but i would n't be bringing out the champagne . 
   `` america did n't do shit in wwii and showed up late . '', 
  while this is obviously untrue , i 'd say it 's more a reaction to americans history routinely describing it as `` we came in and kicked nazi ass and saved everyone yee-haw '' while minimizing the eastern front to the extreme - `` uh , they almost got to moscow . . then . . stalingrad ? 
  then berlin !, 
  yeah ! '', 
  meanwhile you take a random eastern front offensive [ no one heard about ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_dnieper ) and a couple of months of fighting yields more dead than d-day to may 1945 combined . 
  if anything , i would rather appreciate the americans for saving western europe from communism and ensuring it 's so prosperous today , because the soviets would 've driven all the way up to the atlantic either way . 
  is that so ? 
  where is my spiffy hugo boss uniform then ? 
  do n't dissapoint , nato . 
   as a maltese , i say we should call their bluff and shoot a rocket at the plane . 
  show the world that we 're not beyond taking hardline choices , especially with our eu presidency looming on the horizon . 
  nothing like mass murder to show everyone how fit you are to be one of the heads of western civilization . 
  `` traditional '' terrorism , at least involving airplanes , used to be like this , actually . 
  that 's why 9/11 was so shocking . 
  there are a lot of memes but the common thread through most of the posts was `` i do n't care that she 's muslim/female , but fuck nepotism/dragnea/psd '' . 
  you could say the same about bucharest 's mayor who is also disliked by a lot of people , but i have n't seen her being a woman being brought up that much . 
  been reading the comments on this story on / r/romania , it 's interesting to see how almost no one cares that she 's a woman or that she is muslim and of a different ethnicity , no one is pretending she is n't romanian - instead we 're complaining about things that actually matter , like corruption and nepotism . 
  meanwhile western europe keeps calling eastern europe xenophobic while in every other thread here i see hordes of westerners fervently denying that anyone of a different ethnicity could possibly ever be french , german , etc. 
  to be fair , our minorities are n't like france or germany 's minorities , but really , considering the names and ethnicities of some of the people in charge , i think romania is in some ways more progressive than one might expect . 
  do n't apply your narrative or your western issues to us , it really is n't the same . 
  what exactly is smart about keeping someone who they 've concluded is innocent under arrest ? 
  why is there someone in every thread about turkey coming along and saying this ? 
  what happens in turkey is very relevant to europe whether you like it or not . 
  if pyongyang detonates a nuclear warhead over seoul tomorrow , you can bet there would be a thread about it here , regardless of how far they are from europe geographically or mentally . . 
  cnn played it repeatedly as well . 
  dead people do n't bleed like living ones , and he was likely dead before he hit the floor . 
  he was allegedly shot in/near the heart , if the heart is n't beating and pumping blood , there wo n't be that much bleeding . 
  seems he just died , and the guy with the handgun was confirmed to be the gunman . 
  [ ahem . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3tokbq/france_can_now_shut_down_any_website_and_search/?sort=top ) in all seriousness , as isis loses ground , they do become more dangerous/desperate - especially these eu citizens that went to fight in syria need to be picked up the moment they try to return , no questions asked . 
  what actually is to be done with them remains to be seen ( i remember reading about that danish reform program for instance ) , but you ca n't just let them go free while `` under surveillance '' - for all the talk of big brother , some of these guys who are ostensibly under so much scrutiny that we know when they pick their nose still got through . 
   their suffering pleases the lord . 
  yeah okay . 
  had me up to here , but you 're not for real . 
  the day there are 100k soldiers facing off the russians across eastern europe is the day i 'm packing up and moving to spain or something and hoping they do n't drop any bombs there . 
  a deterrent is what they 're supposed to be , if we 're talking about fighting . . something went really wrong . 
  i genuinely ca n't tell if you 're being serious or if it 's satire . 
  anyway , as far as i 'm concerned , if you have the ability to cure hereditary illnesses with gene therapy but do n't and let the person live a life of suffering instead - then that 's grossly unethical . 
  it 's the same as the idiots in the us who tried to prevent stem cell research - the number of lives that could 've been saved or vastly improved if this research moved along quicker , that blood and suffering is on the hands of people like you . 
  i used to think like this too - after all , i 'm white , heterosexual , male , about as average and socially acceptable as you can be - no one ever really attacked me for being ... me . 
  so when i saw lgbt people parade and really promote their lifestyle , i 'd think `` huh , why are these people doing this ? 
  ca n't they just be themselves and not talk about this so much ? '', 
  - i did n't get it , cos i was never in a position where my identity was considered `` wrong '' or `` strange '' . 
  but we can imagine something different - imagine living abroad and telling people you 're georgian , and everyone immediately associating your nationality with negative things , imagine people assuming you behave in certain ways simply because you 're georgian . 
  you just want to enjoy life and be like everyone else , but , you 're georgian , people there do n't like georgians . 
  would n't this be infuriating ? 
  maybe you 're not nationalistic ( i know i 'm not ) , but hell , after being treated like this for awhile , you might just decide to join groups like that , to speak up , to tell everyone how unfair it is . 
  what will the majority say ? 
  `` man , why are these people so loud ? 
  they 're just making everyone hate them more ! '', 
  i have my doubts that `` no one gave a fuck '' about lgbt couples - you do n't have to be cartoonishly hateful in order to despise a group - it does n't have to be `` throw gays off high buildings ! '', 
  but `` they 're not like us , you should be careful around them , they 're dangerous . '', 
  so yes , they 're loud , they 're angry and frustrated at the way they 're treated - do you think anyone would choose to be this aggressive if they did n't feel they have to ? 
  as i said , when the average person 's response to hearing someone is lgbt is to continue seeing the human rather than ` the other ' , this will stop . 
  no one is an activist for the funsies . 
   i have no idea why it is so fucking hard to live the way you want without telling anyone `` hey people i am a gay , i am equal '' the day people do n't even think twice when they see an lgbt person/couple is the day this thing you 're annoyed by will stop . 
   see how quickly this stops happening . 
  while my gut does tell me to punish the guy as heavily as possible , unfortunately , this will not stop future criminals . 
  hell , you could line criminals up in a public square and shoot them in the back of the head weekly , and crimes would still happen . 
  a few hundred years ago we 'd publicly execute various criminals in horrific ways - sure did n't stop new criminals from trying their luck . 
  this is cause no one goes in thinking they 'll get caught , in fact , most of them do n't think at all , because most criminals are n't the most clever . 
  so rather than lose our moral high ground ( which imo we genuinely have over these people ) , by sating our need for vengeance in unusual ways , we do it differently - imprison him , for a long time . 
  when he 's out , deport him to his country of origin . 
  in the future , heavily ( but fairly ) vet people coming into our countries , especially those from areas that have statistically been trouble in the past . 
  ideally , good , educated people that are willing to integrate , want better lives , and will ultimately improve the country they come to are allowed in , while those who just come for benefits and who do n't respect our ways of doing things , are not . 
  this is actually the `` easy '' part . 
  the more difficult question is what you do with those who were born in european countries and only have a european citizenship , but are 2nd-3rd generation migrants who clearly do n't resonate with our culture . 
  you ca n't just kick these people out - even assuming their `` original '' countries would take them ( they wo n't ) - this is just a bad precedent . . what percentage foreign would you need to be in order for your bad behaviour to be considered `` non integration '' instead of simply criminal ? 
  if your parents are mixed does it still count ? 
  if you 're 1/4th foreign ? 
  also , we have rule of law , which we care about , they do n't - we 're better than them . 
  so the solution ? 
  cliche as it may sound - education . 
  recognizing these problems instead of sweeping them under the rug ( hello koln ) and pretending they do n't exist `` because racism '' - the key though is recognizing them and trying to fix them instead of just making it a `` us vs them '' thing . 
  of course , it needs cooperation from both sides , which is why this is the harder part ... but it would be a start . 
  my rant is over too o /, 
   giant sized , really mean , wannabe christian knight , with a giant swastika tattoed on his forehead they 're not in prison , they 're running for various parliaments . 
   the problem is that many women can not be trusted with this power , plain and simple . 
  people are arguing with you because you 're making the assumption that this is some sort of woman specific thing , which is just ridiculous . 
  whenever you design systems like this hypothetical app , misuse is something you have to keep in mind , regardless of who is using it . 
  having power and abusing it is a ** human ** trait , not a female one .
