  well . 
  the dutch were always better at the end of the day anyhow . 
  myesss - do you happen to be the one in this carriage , sir ? 
  sorry to barge in on your prejudice , but the guy in the article clearly said that the new migrants are not adjusting to the european lifestyle and that it is bad , he was n't talking about britons being racist/bad/evil / nasty after brexit . 
  i 'll show myself out , would n't want to disturb a good circlejerk . 
  i do n't think it would be the kind of favourable comparison you want it to be , unless you 're very liberal ( ha ) with what `` exploited and killed under capitalism '' means . 
  i ca n't into math , but for instance , the socialist republic of romania was founded on dec 30 1947 . 
  so that 's 41 years until 1989 . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of the other warsaw pact countries are the same . 
  but really , the communists were de facto in power from late 1945 . 
  we had a case like this too a few years ago , at that barber shop - perla . 
  the guy was even a cop , was the same sort of jealousy/divorce related shooting . 
  happens more often than we 'd like to think and it has nothing to do with refugees or whatever scapegoat of the day other people in this post tried to blame it on . 
  `` the ~ ~ romanians ~ ~ english are coming '', 
   without the chip on their shoulder separating a briton from his chips is like separating a frenchman from his cheese and w ( h ) ine . 
  why would he ? 
  when you 're already a de-facto dictator , there is no need to make it official and rile people up . 
  as others said it has nothing to do with laws or principles ( lel ) and everything to do with spain 's separatist movements . 
  in a different universe i imagine the romanian government would be issuing a similar decree , but in matters of national security we listen to washington and for foreign policy we listen to berlin , so no worries here . 
  not that i 'd approve of course ,100 % of scotland 's districts voted to remain , and they 're being dragged out anyway , it certainly exposes some flaws in the uk democracy . 
  the referendum was about leaving the eu or staying in it . 
  the rest is nationalistic rhetoric . 
  scotland overwhemingly voted to remain . 
  if they have another referendum to leave the uk , why is their democratic process less valid than yours ? 
  it 's almost as if this was all about rhetoric with little substance . 
   if we threatened to nuke countries they would be a lot of more careful . 
  i would rather see the rock handed to whoever than involve nuclear weapons , but you obviously have a particular bone to pick with spain so you do n't understand how disastrous it would be for everyone . 
  i 'm all for adults cutting their bits off if done voluntarily . 
  who are we to stop them ? 
  infants though ? 
  who 's `` human right '' right is it ? 
  the infant 's right to decide if they want circumcision or not or the parent 's right to do it to their children ? 
  i do n't like trump ( other than in a `` let 's watch the world burn '' kind of way ) , but i 'll play devil 's advocate here a bit : he misspoke . 
  you do it too , but there are n't cameras on you all the time . 
  you can find clips with fuck-ups like this from most politicians . 
  i seriously doubt he actually thinks belgium is a city . 
  this is not how you fight trump . 
  i 'm sorry to say folks but if this kind of stuff is the best the clinton campaign has ( yes i 'm aware this probably is n't an official clinton ad , although she did tweet it ) , then , well , pack your bags for canada , he wins . 
  speaking of twitter - have you ever looked at clinton 's twitter feed ? 
  basically every other tweet has donald trump in it . 
  christ , he ** even gets free publicity on his opponent 's twitter feed ** . 
  instead of pushing her experience and time in office ( while ` the donald ' was on a reality show ) , she just tries to match trump in talking shit , and she never will , trump is better at that . 
  yeah , there are a lot of catholics in europe . 
   a society of educated people that are making their decisions rationally and where political debates are about arguments and reaching the point where the truth is . 
  awesome . 
  i 'm so special . 
  anyone else really , really hates football hooligans ? 
  just me ? 
  lived here 25 years . 
  do n't think i 've ever seen a rat in person , never mind one the size of a small dog . 
  hey , it could be worse , [ you could be working in diapers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=693walg-ufq ) . 
  you 're right of course , but i would be shocked if a referendum would n't go their way . 
  meanwhile in romania , 3 million `` loving christians '' are trying to change the constitution to discriminate against them . 
  headscarves have nothing to do with the actual faith , at least it 's not in their books that you have to wear a tent . 
  it 's all nonsense . 
  the reason both men and women cover their heads in the middle east is because you get a sunstroke if you do n't , really quickly . 
  same with pigs and shellfish . 
  practical things at the time that have become gospel somehow . 
  that said , i do n't see why an employer would ban a simple headscarf . 
  obviously , you ca n't have an employee who covers their face , but a headscarf ? 
  why not ? 
  i 'm sure many of you would disagree with me but would be totally cool with dreadlocks or other secular but `` not proper '' attires . 
  think about that a bit . 
  we had a fleet too but it was stolen by a pirate king . 
  only misunderstandings !, 
  great leader putin just dislike reposters of cat picture . 
  cat is nice but repost is bad . 
  they get time out to think about what they do . 
  yes please . 
  while you 're at it send us a german prince . 
  or it 's just 2 police officers helping fix someone 's vehicle so they do n't block traffic . 
  that would be the boring explanation . 
  the only thing that stops a bad guy with a buk sam launcher is a good guy with a buk sam launcher . 
  sounds fair until you realize some crazy people will hunt down random `` muslim looking '' people for ` rewards ' . 
   simply leech on money . 
  pretty sure they were working , not everyone who moves to a richer country is there to live on welfare , you know . 
  britain and the west pride themselves on acceptance and inclusion , almost rabidly so . 
  they look down on countries in eastern europe for not being as `` tolerant '' and `` inclusive '' . 
  i would n't blame the parents for assuming this was n't all talk . 
  at the end of the day its not their fault that some snot nosed kids with shitty education from their shitty parents could n't treat her as a human beign . 
  wanting a better life for you and your family is not `` greed '' ... would it have been better if they left her at home while they worked there ? 
  like a lot of parents in romania do ? 
  why blame the parents for working hard to provide her a better life ? 
  i can see that going well when they introduce significant others . 
  `` your distinctiveness will be added to our own . '', 
  this map is in real measurements . 
  this is interesting , because i keep hearing people say that all these minorities of islamic faith in , lets say , france or the benelux , who are 2nd-3rd generation and who 's parents/grandparents/etc were born in places like algeria or morocco are actually really not french/belgian/dutch / etc. 
  so what 's up ? 
  can we hate on our minorities too or is that an exclusively western european privilege ? 
   what progressive people ask romanians : what 's wrong with being a gypsy ? 
  nothing , but if i insist on saying you 're an inuit when you do not speak the language , do not exhibit any of the physical characteristics and have never or hardly ever spoken to any inuits , you might try to explain you are n't one of them too . 
  because `` roma/romani '' are the people colloquially known as `` gypsies '' ? 
  not exactly rocket science ~, 
  this is a gross exaggeration . 
  anywhere ? 
  if you can honestly drop into random places ( and by that i mean , not going solely to ferentari ) , i 'd be impressed if you 'd find piles of trash on the ground within two clicks . 
  salah abdeslaam who took part in the planning for the paris attacks was captured a little over an year ago now . 
  at least one of the people who were detained was subsequently released since he had nothing to do with it . 
  otherwise , yeah , it 's unclear , we 'll probably get a press conference tomorrow or something . 
   the more this happens the more i rethink moving to europe surely you jest , have you seen the critters in your own country ?
