  next thing you 'll tell me is that armenians do n't hate turks but the state . 
  lies , lies , lies . 
  the racism against arabs and turks is strong among them . 
  people talk positively about a racist terrorist organization called pkk , never saw you opposing them ... 
  that 's the pkk for ya . 
  they are officially recognized as terrorists . 
  yet anyone who is against them are terrorists according to them . 
  either you 're with them or against them . 
  their latest victim : [ a nine year-old child ] ( http://national.bgnnews.com/9-year-old-child-dies-in-pkk-bombing-in-mardin-turkey-haberi/9389 ), 
  holy shit , that was hilarious . 
  +1 from me . 
   i do n't like islam and i do n't like feminism , but it 's clearly worse to kick a women lying on the ground !, 
  the question here is , would they do so if it was men as well ? 
  women should be treated equally to men . 
   how is this tolerated : l religious freedom bro . 
  the difference between this and christianity is that muslims still want to live like in the 7th century while christians are much more modern and basically think being a good person makes them a good christian . 
   ~ ~ the kurds ~ ~ pkk ftfy they are united in being terrorists, 
   i do n't support pkk . 
  good for you . 
  kick france out of nato nowwww !!!!!!!!, 
  a loud minority always makes more noise than a quiet majority . 
  i 'm a turk from germany . 
  and i think i 've done pretty well in integrating into german society . 
  hdp support pkk therefore they are a legitimate target for anti-terrorist minded turks . 
  congratulations macedonia !!, 
  you forgot turks . 
  kick the netherlands out of nato nowwwwww !!!!!!! 111 !!, 
  europeans are mostly the reason for insurgencies and why people flee their homes . 
  so , europe has to deal with the consequences . 
  ie : no european gave a fuck when libya was bombed by the coalition forces , now the state is far away from stable , and the people want to flee libya under any circumstances . 
  \u0130slam is bad , it 's a fucking inhumane religion , but a lot of muslims do n't know any better , because the imams control them for their own benefits . 
  so they are radicalized . 
  and then they can become useful for the imams . 
  but in the end these people are humans too and deserve to live in dignity . 
  your country is one of the biggest reasons for this , so stop blaming people . 
  your people killed hundreds of thousands of iraqis , displaced them . 
  removed former baathists from the government , made it impossible for them to go into politics again . 
  transferred the power to the shia , which led to the creation of isis . 
  and isis is one of the main reasons why people flee syria , too . 
  if bush did n't go to iraq for the ` weapons of mass destruction ' , then this situation right now would have never happened , or it would n't have become the tragic situation it has become now . 
  it 's easy to say ` hurrr durrr your government supports isis ' , but obviously you do n't criticize your own country . 
  and by the way , there 's a difference between supporting and allowing . 
  i do n't think erdo\u011fan supports isis , but they fight assad . 
  would you mind telling your reasons why you had been anti migration ? 
   ethnicity you obviously have problems with . 
  it 's not the ethnicity , it 's their ideals . 
  they worship \u00d6calan . 
   why do n't you do , oh i do n't know , fucking anything ? 
  why should i ? 
  i hope the \u00d6calan fanatics , the assad fanatics and the sharia fanatics all kill each other and leave the country to the hands of secularist syrians . 
  i hope all of them die , including your friend , because that 's what any of these terrorists deserves . 
  your logic is ` whoever fights the baddest guys , must be good ' http://static3.businessinsider.com/image/52a1c37869bedd476f5aaefd-800-/independent-1993%2520 ( 1 ) -1 . jpeg, 
  i support the peshmerga , but i do n't support any organization that is affiliated to \u00d6calan . 
  do you understand ? 
  peshmerga are kurdish yet i support them , because they are a legitimate force and not driven by nationalistic \u00d6calan fanatics . 
  so anyone fighting isis is now good ? 
  how deluded one must be to think that . 
  why does n't he go to nigeria to fight boko haram as well ? 
  what a hero fighting for kurdish nationalists . 
  did he displace local minorities as well together with the kurds ? 
  did he kiss a poster of \u00d6calan as well , the founder of pkk who 's responsible for 40,000 deaths . 
  their citizenships should be revoked . 
  how is it acceptable that people can fight in syria and come back to europe ? 
  they fight over there for kurdish nationalism , for kurds who want to increase their territory of control . 
  they 've tried to displace local minorities . 
  how naive are people to think it 's all about fighting isis . 
  anyone who fights an armed battle outside of europe for a non-state organization should not be able to enter europe . 
  he 's a corrupt son of a bitch . 
  hope we can hang him like ceausescu one day . 
  i support the chp . 
  and anyone who supports tayyip is a traitor of the country in my eyes . 
  they put turkish ideals underneath of their islamofascist agenda . 
  but that does n't mean i 'll tolerate terrorism . 
  being against terrorists = / = being against kurds so your logic tells me if i stand against isis , i stand against islam and arabs , right ? 
  for your information turkey held a nato summit where they talked about their sovereignty being attacked by pkk . 
  nato declared their total support for turkey in their fight against terrorism . 
  go back to worldnews, 
  how did you make up this conclusion , yorgo ? 
  did you have too much ouzo again ? 
  hdp is in the parliament to represent the kurds . 
  there is no need for terrorism . 
  what is wrong with opposing terrorism ? 
  okay yorgo . 
  how many immigrants did you push off their boat today ? 
  what you consider is irrelevant . 
  the eu , us , turkey consider pkk to be terrorists . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i justify the death of a terrorist . 
  i did n't say anything about rape or torturing or prisoner . 
  yorgo get your facts right . 
  a dead terrorist is a good terrorist . 
  do n't know what 's the issue people have with dead terrorists tbh . 
  we turks have the same issue with kurds . 
  most of the kurds living in germany are uneducated or do have an uneducated background . 
  that leads to stuff such as honor killing or marrying minor aged girls , marrying cousins etc. 
  but they 're turkish citizens and have turkish names , so the turks have to deal with the backlash . 
  true but it was the ottoman empire back then though . 
  if we 're talking about modern turkey i 'd say the right to vote women of turkey received in 1933 . 
  pkk is more of a danger to the state of turkey . 
  they killed our policemen and soldiers because they serve the state .
