  it 's usually a bunch of drunk people who want to see some action and/or cause some action . 
  to justify the invasion of iraq . 
  the support for bush went up the roof after the attacks . 
  us knew about al qaeda attacks , they let it happen . 
  because fuck turkey that 's why . 
  obviously an attack on turkey is an attack on turkey , but an attack on france or the us is an attack on the whole civilized world . 
  that 's actually what i think about the 9/11 attacks . 
  that it was well known and supported by the government to let them do their thing including the massive bombings installed by the government itself to totally destroy the buildings . 
  so , i would n't be surprised if that 's the case with the french here . 
  he must be speaking of these people : http://i.imgur.com/tu0oz4o.jpg progressive , kek . 
  guys ( users from / r/europe ) , i am a person who does not give a fuck about being pc . 
  you guys from europe are lucky you 're not related in anyway to that backwardness called islam . 
  i did the anabolic diet for quite some time , lol ate sucuk , sosis ( sausages ) , white cheese , eggs and k\u00f6fte all day brah . 
   zaziki fuck off bro , it 's cac\u0131k, 
  there is no such thing as state terrorism . 
  terrorism has a clear cut definition . 
  are n't you the one whose friend is fighting for terrorist kurds in syria ? 
  hope he 's dead bruh, 
  kurdish terorrism ( pkk , kurdish hizbullah ) , islamic terrorism ( isis , al qaeda in early 2000s ) , armenian terrorism ( asala in the 70s/80s ) , fascist terrorism ( bozkurt movement in the 70s/80s ) , leftist terrorism ( esp . 
  dhkp-c and many others ), 
   almost all wars were started because of religious conflicts . 
  guess what , times change , and nowadays most conflicts are led due to self-determination wishes from national minorities . 
  russia/ukraine , kurdish terrorism , the cyprus division , west sahara conflict , kosovo conflict all due to ethnicity . 
  even the balkan conflict was n't due to religion , but due to ethnicity , saying simply it was a religious conflict is ignorant . 
  sorry but here you 're totally off . 
  cause it does n't matter right when turkish servicemen and civilians get killed right ? 
  but ` those terrorists want to kill me for being a western , muh freedom ' last week two turkish servicemen were killed during an operation against isis , nobody gave a fuck . 
  we 've had to deal with more than 2m syrian refugees , nobody gave a fuck . 
  but not even 100k syrian refugees entered europe , and people started to pay interest into the situation , and started feeling threatened . 
  fuck the hypocrisies of the west . 
  german mother , father from ghana , born and grew up in berlin . 
  so pretty much a german . 
  wow , you like to play it down , eh ? 
  have a read :  sampson was elected to the house of representatives in the 1970 elections . 
  in 1971 , eoka head george grivas returned to cyprus and gave the campaign for enosis further momentum , forming eoka b whose goal was enosis . 
  following the death of grivas in january 1974 , the greek military junta of 1967-1974 gave active support to eoka-b . 
  nikos sampson maintained a strongly nationalist , pro-greek position throughout these years . 
  on 15 july 1974 , makarios was deposed by a military coup which was led by greek officers of the cyprus national guard . 
  the greek military junta installed sampson as president , as a result of a decision of colonel constantinos kombokis , deputy leader of the coup , when the president of the supreme court could not be found and an ex makarios minister zenon severis refused to take over as president . 
  sampson 's appointment was an on-the-spot decision to avoid a power vacuum . 
  the second junta of greece fell on 24 july 1974 , only eight days after sampson had been appointed . 
  sampson was forced to resign . 
  the greek cypriot government was restored under glafkos clerides . 
  sampson was pardoned for his role after the coup by the re-installed makarios , but the pardon was then repealed . 
  of course the peaceful enosis striving eoka-b fascists were nice to turks and did n't harm a fly . 
  if greek cypriots would n't try to take over the whole island of cyprus by performing a coup and massacring turkish cypriots , all this would have never happened . 
  but ` muh yuropean culture destroyed by muslims :( ' turkish cypriots are secular , do n't talk without knowledge . 
  wow man you seem to live in a cave . 
  i see it does n't make any sense to continue a discussion with you . 
  italians living in sweden should stop eatin pizza , turks should stop eating kebab , greeks should stop eating gyros and they should only eat proper swedish food otherwise they 're alienating too much from sweden and get looked down on . 
  kek . 
   and what precisely is this backwarded ideology ? 
  we live in a highly globalized world where it should n't matter what flag he feels represented by and what his ethnicity is . 
   let me explain this for you dear child . 
  said the guy who sounds like a 12 year-old edgy neo-nazi . 
  anyway ...  flag issue he feels represented by the flag , it 's not your issue . 
  people use flags they feel represented why . 
   the place that gave them so much they obviously gave the place so much back as well . 
  do you expect him to suck every swedish cock because they gave him so much ? 
  fucking hell , how backwarded is this ? 
  he pays taxes , and that 's everything he has to give back . 
  nothing more nothing less . 
   maybe on their everyday basis they 're feeling a big distance between them and the sweden society how the fuck did you interpret this out of him using a flag he feels represented by . 
  kek . 
   the flag is just a small irrelevant symptom yet you over dramatize this  watch only turkish tv and so on i only watch american shows . 
  man what 's wrong with me ? 
  why the fuck would you care if the guy fucks a turkish woman or a swedish woman , if the guy watches a turkish show or a swedish show , if the guy supports galatasaray or malm\u00f6 ? 
  do n't interfere in other people 's lives based on what 's their ideology or what they like or not . 
  if the guy is a tax payer , he 's a good citizen . 
  dude says he 's a turk , but from sweden . 
  what 's your issue ? 
  we live in a highly globalized world where people can use means of transportation and change continents within hours , so please keep your backwarded ideology to yourself . 
  lol , what 's your issue ? 
  people can have multiple citizenships as well . 
  hate that assimilation approach coming from germans with the mentality ` either you 're with us or against us ' . 
  and just because some turk is born in for example germany he 's no german . 
  he 's a turk from germany . 
  that 's it . 
  i 'm one myself btw . 
  the ceasefire we had for years was used by pkk to turn the southeast of turkey into a huge ammunition dump . 
  i see no end for terrorism except for doing it the sri lankan way . 
  mate , as a turkish ex-muslim let me explain you the finest western muslim logic i 've ever seen . 
  me debating religion with a muslim guy . 
  me : ... yeah but there 's nothing wrong about homosexual marriages because it 's a couple obviously who gives consent to be with each other . 
  you ca n't say the same for kids ( pedophilia ) or for people fucking dogs for example . 
  him : but that 's wrong and it is not natural . 
  if we allow such laws pedophiles might claim to be allowed to marry kids , too . 
  me : so do you think it 's wrong if a man who 's like 50 marries a child and waits for her menstruation to be able to fuck her . 
  him : that 's sick dude , people like that need to be killed . 
  me : but the prophet fucked a nine year old child after he married her when she was six . 
  him : oh that 's different though . 
  you have to know that at the times of the prophet women were much more mature and reached puberty at a very early age ... long story short , whatever the prophet does is justified . 
  whatever islam allows is justified . 
  because you can not question the religion . 
  if you do so , that 's blasphemy and you might get killed for that . 
  kk said that he supports peace in syria which would enable the syrian refugees to get back to their country . 
  he did n't mention how , but as a comparison tayyip made clear he wants assad toppled . 
  kk also mentioned that it 's important to have friendly relations to neighbours and he 'd put that into his agenda regarding foreign relations . 
  tayyip has worsen our relations with a lot of our neighbours . 
  maybe they should have not interefered in syria 's internal issues in the first place .
