  shut up germoney , you 're like the kid that says that he might have failed the exam only to get the best result later . 
  when the us , uk , eu , turkey and many more states have you declared as terrorists , you know there might be a solid reason for that . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_designated_terrorist_groups  ` terrorist ' is basically an euphemism for ` enemy ' terrorism has a clear definition which slightly varies from institution to institution . 
  however , a group which uses arms and/or threats for political purposes are terrorists . 
  so butthurt . 
  ignorance . 
  they do n't realize that the kurds are not homogeneous . 
  as a matter of fact turkey supports peshmerga which are the legitimate army of iraqi kurdistan . 
  but pkk is a terrorist organization and the ypg are the syrian branch of them . 
  there 's even the pjak in iran which are a terrorist organization . 
  and there 's another organization which is an islamist kurdish separatis one : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurdish_hezbollah, 
  http://www.milliyet.com.tr/pkk-ya-giden-aractan-hdp-gundem-2114156/ got ta use google translate though . 
  because during the terrorist attacks this summer they sided with pkk and abdullah \u00d6calan . 
  one of their mps for example was caught sending supplies to them . 
   as if anyone here was attacking turkey in the first place . 
  well , russia violated turkey 's air space . 
  do shit , get hit . 
  separatist kurds trying to make turks and turkey look bad with false or exaggerated claims ? 
  why am i not surprised . 
   russia denies really surprising/10 . 
  someone get this yunan a glass of ~ ~ ouzo ~ ~ rak\u0131 , he deserves one . 
  do you get paid for these statements ? 
  srs . 
  maybe there 's a russian minority oppressed by fascist estonian neo nazis . 
  i have neither followed the russian aggressions nor the war in ukraine . 
  but i surely do understand how annoying it must be to be accused to be the bad guys while russia is the aggressor aiming to attack your territorial integrity . 
  good old russ\u0131an propaganda . 
  on another news i 've seen that they blessed the intervention in syria as a holy war . 
  it 's like , they 're really really mad that turkey did n't allow them to be mocked . 
  as long as \u0131t f\u0131ts their narrative . 
  france is one of the leading states that pushes turkey to ` accept the armenian genocide ' . 
  they totally ignore their own crimes in north and sub-saharan africa though . 
  but in this case you can use : avucunu yalars\u0131n , rusya . 
  can anyone confirm or deny this ? 
  i 'd like to know it . 
  next thing you know is that ` moldovans oppress the russian minority who need to be protected against the fascist neo nazi moldovans . ', 
   how do you enforce of group of more than 10,001,302 to eat during ramadan ? 
  i do n't know mate , ask your government . 
   how much islamist propaganda have you taken \uff1f your government does n't give a shit about human rights anyway , why should i be surprised ? 
  the islamist propaganda was taken from here : http://edition.cnn.com/2015/07/02/asia/china-xinjiang-ramadan/ however , again : your country does n't give a shit about human rights , so i would n't be surprised . 
  who have been deported from their own homes by the russians during stalin 's times . 
  they 've been replaced by ethnic russians and now russia is there ` to protect their people ' . 
  the news was not that china banned islam but did n't allow uyghurs to fast which is pretty much an attack on the freedom of religion . 
  as stupid as ramadan is , forbidding someone his religious rights is not fair . 
  why so aggressive mate ? 
  must be the turkish temper in you , cause you know we fucked your women for centuries which pretty much makes you partially turkish . 
   do n't you have some saudi cock to suck m8 ? 
  0/10 knowledge brah . 
  we have no business with the saudis . 
  cretin is the ustasha mother who gave birth to you . 
  is [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jasenovac_concentration_camp ) what croats do best ? 
  armen , u mad we kicked your asses out of anatolia ?? 
  1915 best year of my life . 
  mad we kicked your asses out of anatolia ?? 
  1453 & 1922 best years of my life . 
  who gives a fuck about users like you ? 
  keep on writing ` kick turkey out of nato nowwww ' , it wo n't change anything . 
  the us gov. 
  today has announced that they support us and our right to defend our airspace . 
  lol , get mad son . 
  we 're not just some small fish you can toss around . 
  and who are you to speak in the name of europeans , kid . 
  sure buddy . 
  if greece feels that their airspace is violated they can feel free to attack turkish jets . 
  what kind of a fucked up logic is that ? 
  first of all turkey has no responsibilities for the ottoman empire . 
  second of all all states have had horrible events in the past . 
  i do n't see nobody supporting an armed uprising of native americans or of native mexicans who 've been in southern united states when it was mexican . 
  i mentioned that because some users started with their ` russia fights isis ; turkey attacks russia -  turkey backs isis against russia ', 
       / r/europe and reddit in general are pro peshmerga an organisation that hates pkk . 
  lol , only a few days ago there was a thread with ` turkey fights kurds which fight isis ' with more than 2.5 k upvotes . 
  those kurds the turks are fighting are pkk terrorists , yet turkey supports the peshmerga . 
  saying reddit and europe hates pkk is a pure lie . 
  turks think that the sea miles are not distributed fairly , and that you are too close to our coasts which is a fair pov from turks . 
  however there are different stances , remember kardak ( 1996 ) for example . 
  greece does it too . 
  op has presented a one-sided chart . 
  however , greece and turkey do it all the time and it is expected . 
  but if it comes from the border to syria , it 's something else . 
  aaah that 's probably why your country is still backwarded because mad turks stole yo women and yo kids :(, 
   it 's pretty sad that the turks ( as well as the rest of us ) are backing terror groups that commit just as many atrocities as assad 's regime . 
  it 's pretty sad from our point of view to see many people on reddit and many countries backing pkk , the terror organization which has been responsible for over 40 thousand deaths since its existence . 
  but that 's how it is , one man supports a , another man supports b because he hates a. 
  the irony is when others accuse you of supporting terrorists yet they themselves support terrorists , too . 
  but syria is a ground for power games . 
  and every state has his little proxy group fighting for their interests . 
   now the syrian civil war could continue for many more years , killing and displacing thousands more people . 
  last time i checked russia decided to violate turkey 's air space somewhere where isis was not existent . 
  a certain action by the russians caused a reaction , and the russians have nobody to blame but themselves . 
  nato declared its support for turkey and sees turkey in the right position to defend their territorial integrity . 
  syria is fucked up anyway , and if you want to blame anyone , blame your own government and the us government for bringing instability to the middle east especially by invading iraq . 
  it was unjustified and it destroyed the balance of power . 
  now that is a collosal fuck-up !, 
  u mad ? 
  they should have kicked your asses out of nato when you and the us unjustifiedly attacked iraq with false allegations , creating all these insurgencies . 
  but greece and turkey are nato partners and those violations happening on both sides are over unclear borders . 
  it 's not the same was the issue with russia . 
  also turkish and greek jets do n't shoot at each other and use these for training purposes and for dog fights . 
  i do n't see the big issue in here . 
  i said it in the case of turkish football fans too , but why the fuck do any of you guys take football fans seriously ?
