  erdo\u011fan and putin should be actually best friends , they have so many similarities . 
  * ahmet, 
  it was the g\u00fclenist faction within the military which attempted the coup . 
  it was real , and it failed because the rest of the military did n't support them . 
  it was not staged . 
  the ones attempting the coup were about to be cut off by the military . 
  the purge was on its way , and it was their last chance to take control . 
  oh honey, 
  if they form the majority , then they 'll impose their laws and views on the rest . 
  that 's how \u0130slam and political \u0130slam works . 
  no , it can not . 
  islamism is a huge aspect of islam . 
  you can not separate politics from islam because that 's how the religion is . 
  atat\u00fcrk killed islamists and would have killed tayyip and his gang 80 years ago . 
  and \u0131 fully support that . 
  because islam and islamists are the cancer which need to be eradicated . 
  how come you support islamists ? 
  oh , it 's convenient because those islamists from tunceli were kurdish , right ? 
  secular turks should seek asylum in the us , not in europe . 
  because europe 's full of akp supporters , north america is n't . 
  that happens when the majority of your country are muslims . 
  islam is the devil and it needs to be eradicated . 
  he did n't address it . 
  but in his second speech regarding this he attacked secularism , saying that islam and secularism does n't work because they work against each other . 
  so i assume that his goal was sharia . 
  you just went full american , never go full american, 
  source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdbaunq5b2w and he repeated his words in front of his audience in turkey some time later : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fix0dfmb8-e, 
  tayyip in the us in 1997 : ` for us democracy will never be the goal , but a tool for us to reach our goal ', 
  my dad 's a socialist who had to flee turkey for some time in the 80 's after the coup , and he even supported such a coup because he did n't want [ these people ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pbwrlvp.jpg ) to take control over our country . 
  yesterday the mosques called for jihad ( holy war ) against the military to keep the status quo ante of democracy ( or keep tayyip in power ) . 
  these people do n't want democracy , those who attempted the coup , they want democracy . 
  its all bs propaganda by erdo\u011fan , the coup attempt is done by secular kemalists, 
  akp cares more about their power than the people . 
  nothing new . 
  the turkish military would crush isis if erdo\u011fan did n't support them, 
  i hope it were , but it wo n't . 
  according to pro government sources they are supporters of erdo\u011fan . 
  well obviously right , the yahoodis control the world , wake up sheeple !!, 
  what does the joke mean ? 
  i do n't get it , i feel slow . 
  heeeelp edit : a play on words because of great britain and gigabyte ? 
  fucking lame if true . 
  efharisto , nothing but love , file mou, 
   what i mean by that is people will kill each other in the name of allah , rape incidents will increase by % 100 , streets will turn into a war zone , pkk and isis will blow up popular places every day damn you for taking me back to reality :(, 
  say no to \u0130slam , stand up , grab your balls and say fucking no to \u0130slam . 
  it 's time to leave political correctness behind . 
  the muslims have fucked the middle east , but do n't allow them to do the same in turkey and europe . 
  they 'll be fed for the rest of their lives with tax money . 
  they should be hanged , since the cost of a bullet exceeds the worth of these scum, 
   slovensk\u00e1 republika this is so irritating actually . 
  if i did n't know some shit about the balkans i 'd have thought you were talking about your own country . 
   latvia 's football fuck them and verpakovskis , i still have nightmares about him and the failed qualification for the euro 2004 . 
  their logic : - they might steal but they work as well - corruption in politics is normal , the ones before akp did ( probably ) steal as well, 
  activist during the day , terrorist at night, 
  i like juice, 
  looks like someone collected the seven dragon balls, 
  the typical hypocrisy of the west . 
  lol , nice hypocrisy . 
  so it 's totally okay that armenians massacred azerbaijanis , and displaced 700k azerbaijanis so they can live in an area free of azerbaijanis because azerbaijanis are bad , racist people . 
  nice logic . 
  you guys are like the muslims who keep on saying ` that has nothing to do with islam ' after every terrorist incident . 
  keep on living in your bubble . 
  you wo n't understand that turks were murdered , deported and genocided throughout history as well . 
  but the armenians have a clear agenda . 
  they use this as a political weapon . 
  meanwhile they were responsible for several massacres and the displacement of 700k azerbaijanis when they started their aggressive war against azerbaijan in the 90s . 
  also they did kill civilians when they controlled large areas together with the russians during world war i. additionally , it 's the hypocrisy which is annoying . 
  especially when western countries such as the french are pushing for resolutions to recognize the 1915 events as genocide although they do n't recognize the massacres they committed ln algeria . 
  it 's probably rather because spirits are expensive as fuck because our islamist government put high taxes on alcohol . 
  so people rather stick to beer . 
  yeah the beaches of serbia will be flooded with tourists . 
  the ottomans are like the rest of the big empires from back then , warmongering bloodthirsty , expansionist motherfuckers . 
  it 's just sad that there are still huge numbers of turks who still have a boner when they see old maps of the territories the ottomans used to control . 
  fortunately all these fuckers are retarded and support akp and tayyip . 
  actually the battle of kosovo in 1389 was the most memorable battle between ottomans and serbians , according to serbians . 
  so it goes a little bit back in time . 
  i think that they feel that the poor muslims who are so oppressed and targeted by the right wing people need people who understand them and defend them so they can live their peaceful religion and culture . 
  however these people do n't actually care about and ignore any negative connection to the islamic way of life . 
  for example western leftists are pro lgbt rights but also defend \u0130slam because that 's their culture . 
  they do n't allow anyone to challenge \u0130slam in any way . 
  and if anyone challenges \u0130slam , he 's quickly called a racist and associated with the nazis . 
  nobody of the left wing wants that . 
  we ex-muslims call these people you 're talking about regressive leftists . 
  these people are also very eager in defending the misogynist , antisemitic , expansionist culture of islam, 
  romania is so cute, 
  funnily , the arabs were called turks about a century ago . 
  there 's for example a manager in south america of of partially arabic origin , and he 's nicknamed ` turco ' . 
  now , we 're the arabs , fucking reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antonio_mohamed, 
  the issue with kurds and autonomy is really complicated . 
  you have to keep in mind that there 's an autonomous region within iraq which pushes for independence . 
  there 's a region in iran which is called kordestan . 
  the syrian kurds control large areas to the turkish border . 
  establishing an autonomous kurdish region within turkey would only lead to destabilization of turkey , and would actually be a step towards kurdish independence , and greater kurdistan . 
  unfortunately the pkk-kurds do n't care about kurdish rights as much as they care about the power they hold within the kurdish community . 
  they rather burn down schools and keep kurdish kids out of school and uni , than see them making it in turkey . 
  it 's really fucked up . 
   acknowledge pkk did anything wrong there were people in diyarbak\u0131r recently who have had blamed the hdp for pkk taking the fights into the cities which also resulted in destroyed houses and shops . 
  hdp could really have been a voice for kurds , but they have become a voice for the pkk . 
  and many have recently surrendered to the turkish military . 
  sadly those who have surrendered seemed to be young , like 15-20 years old young .
