   italy  not picking giotto, 
  kurds never had ruled any land of modern turkey . 
  ~ 700k displaced azerbaijanis and thousands massacred !, 
  it 's azerbaijan 's duty to take back the territory that belongs to the people of karaba\u011f , and it does n't fucking matter if those people are armenian or azerbaijani . 
  armenian 's are the ones crying about unfortunate situations from a century ago , yet they killed , displaced and occupied a territory that does n't belong to them . 
  might be the greatest hypocrisy i 've seen . 
   and it 's a great thing that most serbian people still look down upon homosexuality , as it should be you are a fucking wanker bro . 
  if there was no possibility of women getting pregnant nobody would probably use condoms . 
  no need to act like gays are the reason aids is spreading . 
  until they realized that turkey would never become a part of eu they went full 180 . 
  turkey was never good enough for the eu in the eyes of merkel and sarkozy, 
  you do n't seem to get it . 
  those terrorists hijacked a city and declared autonomy over there , threatening the sovereignty of the republic of turkey . 
  you seem to be misinformed . 
  pkk broke the ceasefire last summer when they killed two off duty police officers . 
       kurds he hates like the plague     he much rather prefer to bomb them than the religious brothers from is just next door why do germans talk about ` war against kurds ' when turkey is clearly fighting a terrorist organization . 
  does the german media think that pkk represents all kurds ? 
  do they support pkk ? 
  do they think pkk 's terrorist actions , including the bombings in ankara , are justified ? 
  do they think that we should be fighting isis instead of pkk because isis seems to be the bigger threat to others although pkk is the bigger threat to us ? 
  do n't they know that erdo\u011fan is allied with barzani , the leader of iraqi kurds ? 
   our example gave them the strength to fight for freedom . 
  lol amerifat taking credit for greek war of independence . 
  never forget 1453 !!!!!!!, 
  baklava is turkish !!!!!!, 
  i miss the days when the greeks were our main national ` enemies ' . 
  but we showed our mutual hostility in the youtube comment section , in the stadiums when we played each other and when there were certain issues regarding the aegean territories . 
  turks would hate on greeks calling them gayreek and greeks would remind us that it 's constantinople not istanbul . 
  good old days . 
  i miss you guys :(, 
   with the same logic anybody would hardly feel any empathy or sympathy with the turkish people nobdody does anyway because we 're a middle eastern shithole that nobody cares about . 
  i do n't think that terrorists deserve a fair trial . 
  look at breivik for example . 
  but anyway , fehriye erdal was not even jailed in belgium lol . 
  can feel hardly empathy for a nation which lets terrorists roam freely . 
  as long as they commit terrorist acts in turkey it 's okay i guess . 
   i guess you deserve to die in terrorist attacks because some unrelated guy from your country believed a specific group of people should all be killed ? 
  i did n't say anything . 
  a good solution for the greeks would be giving the islands back to us , so they would n't be on your soil within a short time . 
  deal ? 
  the modern regressive european leftists . 
  they should be supporting people with european values ( ex-muslims , lgbt middle easterns ) , but they support the people who want to behead the people with european values . 
  as an ex-muslim , i fucking despise them and hate them . 
  i know in uzbek it 's qirol which is similar to kral . 
  but as / u/cink _ ibrahim said there is no king in turkic history . 
  we 'd usually use persian or arabic loan words as titles , the only ones which are turkic/mongolian in their roots are han ( khan ) , ka\u011fan ( khagan ) and hakan . 
  bilal is a male name . 
  that feminist slut should be jailed though . 
  says a lot about the british justice system . 
  this is not about tayyip though . 
  this is about turkey having to deal with all the refugees because the un stated that turkey should open its borders . 
  if opening the borders is the humanitarian way , then the eu should do so as well . 
  why should turkey deal with all the consequences ? 
  those people want to go to europe , not to turkey , do n't forget queen merkel invited all of them to europe basically . 
  dude . 
  i 'm an atheist kemalist , i support the chp and i hate islam , islamists , akp and tayyip but i totally agree here . 
  the un wants turkey to open its borders to refugees from syria , yet wants turkey to control the borders to the eu . 
  do you sense any sort of double standards ? 
  just because we 're turks , we 're not stupid enough to play those little games europeans want us to play . 
  fuck that shit . 
  my point was if you wan na sympathize with kurds , then do n't go for commies . 
  i hate commies , and so should you too . 
  commies and islamists seem to not have much in common , but both are the reason for probably 100 % of terrorist attacks in the last 20 years in turkey . 
  death to all of them . 
  the only legitimate kurdish presence is the kurdish regional government of northern iraq led by barzani . 
  they have an own military unit : the peshmerga , and they are autonomous within iraq . 
  yet the communist kurds ( pyd , ypg , pkk , hdp ) will tell you how much of a traitor barzani is , although he himself has established more than any other kurd in the last 50 years . 
  ypg and pyd are nothing without the west . 
  they literally got destroyed by isis , by toyota pick ups driving islamists :d and they could only liberate themselves due to american airforce bombings . 
  later they 'd take more cities by storming them after americans would bomb the shit outta isis . 
  yep . 
  tayyip has stated many times that hamas is the legitimate representant of the gaza strip since they won democratic elections there . 
  although hamas is your typical terrorist organization , some states such as turkey , brazil , china , norway , switzerland or russia do n't regard them as terrorists . 
  i think they want to believe that there is a nation in the middle east that wants to be so close to the standards of the west . 
  the german and dutch media are reporting about turkey 's fight against pkk terrorism as ` turkey 's fight against the kurds ' . 
  it does n't make any sense from an objective pov . 
   to annihilate any form of modern , secular kurdish civil society you forgot , feminist , liberal , progressive , peace loving mate . 
  possibly . 
  most of them are easily there for at least 15 years i 'd say . 
  i did n't know all immigrants break car windows . 
   why force them to be `` bio-germans '' ? 
  yes , especially all the debates around football players who do n't sing the national anthem comes up every two years . 
  it 's just annoying , if the people would n't identify with germany they would n't play for germany . 
   no one is forcing you to feel german . 
  people do . 
  many germans expect people of other origins to feel german . 
   i would just prefer it if people who came to my country to earn a living would n't throw bottles and break car windows when lahm scored in 2008 you see , now you consider them not to be germans . 
  most of the turks were born here in germany anyway but you consider them to be foreigners . 
  what i learnt is , if you are ali who was born in germany and ... - ... your german is shit and you 're a criminal , then you deserve to be deported , although you were born in germany - ... your german is shit but you 're a really successful football player , then you 're a role model and german . 
  the hypocrisy is the reason why many like me stay among ourselves . 
   and they do n't like turks and arabs at all . 
  :d well the ones here in nrw seem to be strong supporters of putin , and they still speak russian at home . 
  most , if not almost all of the soviet-german auswanderer people identify as russians . 
  fucking ironic since most of them are neither russian nor accepted as russians by ethnic russians . 
  and people from other ethnicities such as italians , turks , yugoslavians , albanians , arabs still identify with their identity . 
  i , as a turk from germany , do n't believe in that ` if you 're born in germany , you 're german ' bullshit because i have experienced discrimination against myself and others , therefore i tend to identify by my ethnicity . 
  however if you ask me where 's my home , it 's definitely germany . 
  germans need to accept that foreigners do n't see themselves as germans but see germany as their home . 
  hittites were anatolian -  not european , but whatever man . 
  english | turkish | meaning : -- | : -- | : -- january | ocak | it 's the turkish word for stove which means that it 's time for the heating stoves february | \u015eubat | comes from assyrian march | mart | comes from latin april | nisan | comes from assyrian and means 4th of the year may | may\u0131s | comes from latin june | haziran | comes from assyrian and means hot july | temmuz | is named after the babylonian goddess for reproduction and plentifulness ` tamuza ' , the word comes from assyrian august | a\u011fustos | comes from latin september | eyl\u00fcl | comes from assyrian and means month of the grapes october | ekim | the word is turkish and means sowing , it 's the month of sowing november | kas\u0131m | the word is turkish december | aral\u0131k | is turkish and means gap as that this month is the gap between the new year and the current year,
