  ethnic cleansing ? 
  fucking please . 
  turks were ethnically cleansed and that 's why turkey came to save the turkish cypriots . 
  wanker , have you ever been to our sub ? 
  it 's full of secularist anti-akp people . 
  the word about that quote was that he was a changed man after his prison term . 
  if you have n't watched the movie , watch it . 
  it 's hilarious mate , you 're missing out, 
  u mad ? 
  now get yo ass back to the caucasus , ararat is ours . 
  yeah that 's why i 'd like to do that in game though . 
  the best that could happen to us was lenin lmao . 
  you support terrorism , so if you do it openly , people will get mad . 
  lmao what a joke, 
  triggered, 
  will i be able to kick russian asses out of anatolia though ??? 
  you got some organs for sale shqipe ? 
  in turkish \u0130sve\u00e7 is sweden and \u0130svi\u00e7re is switzerland . 
  i always used to mess them up as a kid . 
  rash b rash b, 
  it means respect yourself , be proud of yourself and who you are . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  big up yourself mate . 
  berlusconi despite being a very playful macho had still some sort of personality, 
  dutch is a language that when read seems quite similar to german . 
  however when spoken it 's very different sounding . 
  quite irritating actually . 
  left-wing lmao i hate these western european \u00e7omars . 
  they support a fascist in turkey but support usually centre-left parties in the country where they live . 
  hypocritical fuckers . 
  does n't make you right you knobhead . 
  how is merkel a marxist you stupid yank moron ? 
  how is merkel a marxist ? 
  are you stupid ? 
  do n't need a country full of giants when you have eder, 
  i always get asked if i do play basketball as if i was fucking yao ming . 
  have n't you heard of the antisemitic sect of judaism ? 
  i mean they 're quite new but still . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ south ^ ^ ^ ^ park ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ reference, 
  what 's that ? 
  a toilet brand ? 
  why am i not surprised that you seem to be a cetnik ? 
  proudly sharing a song which advocates the destruction of mosques and bosnia & herzegovina . 
  embarrassing murderers . 
  people like you are the reason why the balkans became destabilized . 
  wish they would have shot down those fascist tbqh but this is alright too , i guess, 
  you mean bosnia and herzegovina ? 
  i 'm right now busy , but i can tell you that i saw on live tele that tayyip himself said ` we were aware of certain actions within the military ' i 've found [ this interview ] ( http://odatv.com/erdogan-darbeyi-12-saat-onceden-biliyordu-2407161200.html ) with an israeli , who says what i was aware of . 
  i could n't find a better source for my claims . 
  translation  tayyip was informed about 12 hours before the coup attempt by chief of mit hakan fidan , they met with the deputy chief of turkish general of staff to discuss . 
  tayyip was then later brought out of his hotel . 
  his hotel was later raided by the coupists . 
  if you want run the article through google translate but this short part is basically the whole story . 
   the guy who staged a fake coup he did n't stage it . 
  he knew it was going to happen and his people gave the coupists the confidence to go through with it . 
  when the coupists knew that the government knew about their coup plan , they still went through with it because it was their last chance . 
  the government which knew of it used it in order to gain maximum support of its supporters . 
   hillbillies and rednecks let me introduce to you the word ' \u00e7omar ', 
  as an atheist i would n't set a foot onto these countries but money ai n't dirty i guess . 
  also , there are many chp supporters who are religious but secularist , many in my family are like that . 
  like christians in western europe . 
  but the bulgaria turks who moved later to turkey still go back to vote in bulgaria as well , so they must be dual citizens . 
  so i assumed that bulgaria turks are dual citizens by birth . 
  could n't have known . 
  anyway , i certainly believe that the majority of these people do live in these arab countries because of financial and business reasons . 
  turkish ultra \u00e7omars mostly can not even speak a foreign language . 
  so these people in these arab countries are usually educated people hence smart enough to see how important secularism is , and how shitty enforced religion is . 
  you are misinformed , on both issues . 
  please read a book or two before making such claims . 
  you 're looking too much into it . 
  the islands should have been ours , but they are n't , and that sucks but that is no reason to fight the greeks for . 
  he 's just simply making a mock out of akp for thm talking the talk but not walking the walk . 
  you 're looking too much into it . 
  but i still think that there is a rightful claim . 
  this claim is no different than armenians claiming ararat belonging to them , some kurds claiming se anatolia is theirs , etc. 
  did i make any threat ? 
  the claim is understandable , the islands were taken off us , and we have a rightful claim on them . 
  but to try to enforce it is utter delusion . 
  that was my point of view . 
  but regarding k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu , the last part is valid not what i wrote . 
  he calls out akp for talking but not doing , knowing well enough that they ca n't do shit just to stir their nationalist feelings . 
  you 're trying to make this a proper issue although it is n't . 
  first of all , flair up . 
  second of all , why should some smelly tayyip supporter who does n't live in turkey have the possibility to influence turkish politics ? 
  after all , he does n't live in turkey . 
  it 's not expansionist . 
  you should get informed regarding the aegean islands and cyprus before the second balkan wars . 
  they were taken off of us . 
  nowadays the majority are not under our sovereignty but there is a rightful claim from turkish point of view . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with that though . 
  and that was probably a statement to call out the akp for talking but not doing . 
  no need to dig deeper . 
  come on man , you can not make such a conclusion out of a few out of context written quotes . 
  it 's two-sided . 
  both benefited of each other . 
  hdp was ` accepted ' as the voice of the kurds and could grow therewith . 
  not necessarily . 
  there are two groups of turkish kurds in europe : 1 : the ones who came as workers to europe like any other turk to make a living and grant a better future for their own family 2 : leftists who were persecuted before , during and after the turkish military coup in 1980 . 
  i 'd answer you if you were not a fascist trumpist prick . 
   what if you have a situotation where your goverment is voting on pilicies which affect immigration and you have no say in it ?
