  should i say molon labe or molon lave ? 
  i 'm confused regarding this . 
  i still wonder why the italians are so shaky . 
  are they dancing ? 
  but maybe there was some acceptable distance between them like half a kilometer, 
  incredible logic , subhanallah my brother . 
  czech your privilege . 
  thanks for that . 
  so i can say czechia from now on without feeling weird about it . 
  the funny thing is one sentence before that he wrote czechia . 
  is czechia even an acceptable term ? 
  i think that 's why many yanks still prefer to say czechoslovakia because the czech republic term confuses them . 
  happy to not see his disgusting face for once . 
  also the turkish clubs galatasaray and fenerbah\u00e7e have high followings . 
  twitter is a proper thing in turkey . 
  there 's usually a turkish tt everyday . 
  there are many things to this instability . 
  we are literally surrounded by different civilizations . 
  islamism is an eternal problem in turkey . 
  the ussr was our eastern neighbour . 
  the us interventionist actions have led to further instabilities . 
  pkk issue . 
  and many more . 
  and they are still milking it to this day . 
  basically anyone who opposes tayyip must be a fetocu . 
  in the times of my parents they woke up the next day with a message on national tv and newspapers that the army took control of the country . 
  not like this 9 pm , taking control of the airport and main bridge in istanbul shit . 
   in a state ruled by the law the courts would decide , not you , the parliament or the president himself . 
  my question was a philosophical question , not a legal question . 
  legally you 're not wrong . 
  you do have a point . 
  you know how white people treated african people like they were savages because from their perception they were savages , so they were treated like savages . 
  does that make the western european people who indeed were far more modern , savages as well ? 
  yes , it does . 
  but honestly , with people as such like this murderer , you can not treat him the same way you would treat some dude who robbed someone . 
  i 've already replied to your other comment , and sorry for replying again , but why would you think that tolerance for the intolerant is the right thing ? 
  would you , basically , if a group of \u0130slamists isis supporters wanted to organize a rally for protesting let 's say the bombardment of cities under isis control , allow this , just because of freedom of speech and freedom of protest ? 
   fanatical people do n't understand this . 
  this man believes in a higher cause , he 's not done it for himself , he 's done it for his beliefs . 
  if one committed an armed robbery and killed a person , then you 'd treat him differently than a person who thinks he 's committing a divine cause by killing people just because their beliefs are different than his . 
  i 'm not a christian but in this case my stance is eye for an eye , tooth for a tooth i 'm not a muslim , but i wish he was hanged on the square , proper sharia style . 
  you can not be nice and tolerant to the intolerant . 
  if the intolerant is not punished the same way he treats others who are different , then your tolerance for the intolerant is out of place . 
  and i 'm happy many people think the way i do , according to the people who replied to your comment . 
  no states are more hypocritical as serbia and russia when it comes to separatism . 
  more like ` how is it misogynistic if allah and the prophet said so ', 
  issues like these does n't depend on the location but only depends on the education level of that person . 
  i , as an atheist kemalist , have grandparents and a few family members who are in support of tayyip , and a few others hate him like me . 
  it 's an issue of generation , education and ignorance . 
  if all your family are \u00e7omars ( turkish version of rednecks ) and you had a shitty education with no questioning , with ottomanism circlejerk etc. , then there is obviously no hope . 
  but one within a family of \u00e7omars could still become someone if he had decent education . 
  the education system in western europe is n't always necessarily the best . 
  dae atheists so edgy xdddd, 
  if you do n't know what mfa means then you have no place in political topics . 
  there are times for banter , and there are times where it 's inappropriate . 
  but even if you decide to crack a joke , then at least be funny and make me laugh . 
  germans and austrians are so unfunny that it almost physically hurts me . 
  please stop with that . 
  thanks . 
  xdddddd so funny . 
  the turkish mfa was supposed to have a meeting tomorrow with the iranian and russian mfas . 
  someone did n't like this . 
  germany , in the beginning , did n't make any attempts at integrating them . 
  put them all together , created ` ghettos ' and did n't support any further education for the kids of these people . 
  they expected them to leave anyway so why bother ? 
  let them stay with themselves . 
  for example kreuzberg was bordering the east berlin wall , and they were all packed there . 
  after the wall fell , it became an issue . 
  but germans will rather blame the turks because ` dem damn muslims ' . 
  armenians have rebelled against the empire and it was suppressed , later they have allied with the invading russians , as i wrote , and carried out massacres in order to have a larger claim in eastern anatolia . 
  if it was n't for the bolshevik revolution , the armenians would live in eastern anatolia which would have become free of muslims by that time . 
  it is well known that there was no order to systematically murder armenians from \u0130stanbul . 
  but , a deportation ( techir ) took place to which sadly resulted in many deaths for armenians due to starvation , sickness and massacres . 
  what you call genocide denial is just trying to shut down any legitimate debate . 
  i 'm not denying that armenians were massacred , but who killed them ? 
  the same locals who were killed by armenians and russians themselves . 
  they killed each other out of paranoia , anger and hopelessness . 
  the ottoman empire even if they wanted to would not be able to commit a large scale genocide at that point . 
  they rebelled , allied with the invading russians and massacred local turks and kurds . 
  they got massacred and deported which is very sad but they have to be able to criticize themselves as well . 
  the real victims are assyrians who did nothing wrong but were massacred and deported because they were christians like armenians . 
  the reason ? 
  oh my god i laughed out loud . 
  thanks for this moment \u00f6sibrah . 
  yeah , it did . 
  did n't look much realistic though . 
  here 's the photo : http://static.birgun.net/resim/haber-detay-resim/2016/10/03/kadikoy-un-kedisi-tombili-nin-heykeli-yapildi-192285-5.jpg oh btw , it was eventually stolen . 
   do you think the statistic would change significantly if we excluded these people ? 
  nah , i do n't think so . 
   my guess is that more than 95 % of people with a bmi over 30 also have a bf % of over 30 % . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't think it 's far off from the estimated percentage you just wrote . 
  i have lots of people asking me how to lose weight and to get fit , when i tell them what to eat , they go like ` naah it 's too hard for me , i ca n't do that ' . 
  i do bodybuilding , so i 'm not focused on the big lifts . 
  i stopped bench pressing and squatting a long time ago . 
  deadlifting is also an exercise i do last in my back routine . 
  coming to big z , i 'm telling you nowadays everyone wants to be a bodybuilder . 
  and he looks fantastic too , i saw on / r/bodybuilding his squat , what a fucking human being . 
  by the way , i did n't realize you were a lifter too , assumed you were just a bit fat when i saw your stats and felt the need to emphasize mine , sorry if it came the wrong way . 
  it 's actually rather fat .
