  three of my favorite sentences coming from him is ` the biggest war is a war against ignorance ' and another one is ` the most genuine guides are engineering and science , seeking any other guides are unawareness , heresy and ignorance ' , and my favorite one : ` if my words and science should collide one day , choose science ' . 
  \u00c7 masterrace, 
  yanks btfo, 
  til turkey borders germany and sweden, 
  capitalism bruv . 
  indoctrination . 
  you 're told it 's the religion of peace ( ho\u015fg\u00f6r\u00fc dini ) and that it is the last revelation from god so it must be right . 
  you are told the good bits about religion . 
  however , due to the age of information and terrorism , many turks are conflicted when they are confronted with radical islam . 
  it 's easy to say ` hurr durr you 're from turkey , you have erdo\u011fan as your leader , therefore your point is invalid ' as if i did n't know that a fascist maniac is ruling turkey . 
  i still have the right to voice my opinion, 
  half the country is more than ` bunch of rednecks ' their president won the candidacy literally with a slogan that reflects what i said . 
  yanks are so obsessed with their status as the no 1 in the world that when they are confronted with criticism they 'll come up with the most absurd answers like ` we won two world wars ' etc. 
  i expected none less than this bullshit you 're referring to . 
  but you are simply retarded my son . 
  still partially european . 
  anatolia is a wonderful place , how lucky we are to be inhabitants of minor asia . 
  still more european than yanks are . 
  i can not grasp how much of an idiot you must be to be so pro-trump . 
  i neither like \u0130slam nor do i like refugees but people like you are embarrassing , mate . 
  if you 're european then stick to europe instead of circlejerking around that orange yank fuck . 
  if it 's not california then it 's sweden . 
  typical diaspora armenian trying to rebuild the armenian kingdom . 
  m'ararat , just fuck off already . 
  4th generation estonian ? 
  just leave , you 're embarrassing yourself you fascist yank . 
  we 'll start paying reparations right after you do for slavery and the genocide of native americans . 
  quite big of a statement for a little fascists from probably california . 
  if you want to drink tears come to anatolia and try it yourself . 
  go back to your dj trump subreddit you fascist yank . 
  this is a european subreddit . 
  i 'm on mobile . 
  i ca n't see any flags , the flag i meant was your fa\u00e7ade . 
  i know your username stands for nagorno karaba\u011f , armenian kingdom . 
  i bet you 're not even european and live somewhere in california . 
  it was a joke , you stupid mug . 
  you can wish for anything you want . 
  fact is kurds are equal to any turkish citizen and the majority of them are happy to live under the flag of turkey . 
  if you wan na change this , molon lave . 
  what i meant is nowadays they do n't hold a grudge against them . 
  they also have a huge diaspora living there . 
  however when it comes to turks they act different . 
  i have no issues with georgians , however this geezer is armenian and hides behind the georgian flag to express his hatred for turks . 
  he 's a warmongering kid , probably diaspora too . 
  just read a thing or two before embarrassing yourself malaka . 
  the only issue we have with georgians is that one of their people took control over our country about one and a half decades ago . 
  go back to drawing maps . 
  m'ararat . 
  stop talking shit you mug your username says loud and clearly that you 're an armenian . 
  some people are just butthurt and need to have a reason to hate a certain group of people . 
  this is especially ridiculous since they hate turks and muslims so much yet do n't care much about the austrians/habsburgers which occupied their territories for centuries too . 
  and when you take into account how the serbs have ` removed kebab ' in bosnia then it 's disgusting to use this meme . 
  even mladi\u0107 said before entering srebrenica that taking over the city and killing its people was the revenge for turkish occupation . 
  i know orthodox brotherhood and shit but it 's malakes . 
  you 're not looking right . 
  there is the same colour used for turkish and azerbaijani and the same colour used for kurdish and farsi . 
  i 'm jealous . 
  well southern azerbaijan and northern azerbaijan have the same colour because they speak the same language : azerbaijani, 
  i remember that the ottomans wanted to donate a huge amount to the irish , but the queen was against it because it would undermine her donation by a significant amount . 
  dae socialist swedistan with shakira law ? 
  xd le epic may may xdddddd, 
  i do n't get that too . 
  there are soviet germans who were literally called nazis by the local people , who came to germany and started to identify as russians . 
  it does n't make any sense , does it ? 
  k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu as a politician would become a very important figure in western europe . 
  but our people like fucking machos , turkey is fucked . 
  our people would go like ' \u015eulz mu ? 
  yeah , i 'm aware just was n't sure of the correct term . 
  however , i thought of the bits past the ural and referred to as asiatic . 
  of course , but not the asian part of turkey . 
  the thracian part of turkey is recognized to be so . 
  man the balkans are a true place of diversity . 
  you have hungary , a nation speaking an asiatic language , neighbouring romania , a nation speaking a latin language which are neighbouring bulgaria , a nation speaking a slavic language and they are neighbouring turkey , a nation speaking a central asiatic language . 
  i hate juventus , speak also with my hands and love italian food . 
  do i qualify ? 
  indoctrination is a bad thing . 
  long story short : no . 
  and i probably wo n't , it seems to be smelly . 
  and i do n't even eat fatty meat because i am into bodybuilding . 
  but i ca n't even try because my brain is resisting very hardly . 
  i 'll never overcome it , but it 's okay . 
  my father is an atheist himself , so that 's cool . 
  my mum felt saddened because she thought that she should have had guaranteed i 'd get more religiously influenced . 
  everyone else is cool with it but my grandparents do n't know and that 's okay as well . 
  that 's the issue with religion , it not only influences or dominates but controls a person 's everyday habits including what and how to wear . 
  ex-muslim since 2013 and fucking proud . 
  but you do n't get the part about the burka habibi , it liberates the women . 
  see , a woman is like candy , when she is not covered she will get dirty with flies around her , subhanallah what has the world come to . 
  may allah guide you . 
  if you are skiing then wear you 're ski mask but not when you 're casually going to the bank , get my point ? 
  i mean you 're right . 
  but that 's exactly my point with your ` sounds wrong to my ear ' thing . 
  i 'm aware that modern greek is differently pronounced therefore it 's hard for me to pronounce certain letters in the medieval way because you still use them . 
  on the other hand words like automatic are of greek origin and in modern greek they 're as u said afto not auto . 
  so modern greek plays no special role in our everyday lives but medieval greek does . 
  it 's quite confusing . 
  oh they 're gesticulating ? 
  i got a relevant question my dear greco . 
  is it right or wrong to pronounce the greek letters for example in mathematics or some medieval greek sayings in the modern greek pronunciation ? 
  so should i say for example beta or vita ?
