  the majority of turkish emigrants are not keen on returning to turkey , funnily a quite high percentage of them was already born abroad . 
  it 's rather frustrating that people who only visit ` their country ' once a year have a say regarding domestic policies within the country of their ancestors . 
  turks abroad , should not be allowed to vote abroad . 
  they should only be allowed at the entrance to the republic of turkey ( borders ) or their k\u00fct\u00fck ( the place where they are registered as citizen of turkey ) . 
  because they 're not diaspora turks . 
  diaspora turks are rather backwarded because their workforce was needed , not their intelligence . 
  however turks living in bulgaria are natives of southern bulgaria and they went through a struggle themselves with the bulgarian government trying to eradicate their identity . 
   nazi 's had both socialists and far-right thugs first of all it 's nazis , second of all , if you are one of the morons who think that national socialism includes leftists as well , then you should look up what the nazis did to the leftists as soon as they grabbed the power . 
  i 'm sorry son , but refrain from writing this stupid yank shit again . 
  you should know a thing or two about nazis if you 're greek . 
  it 's not enforced though . 
  it will end with a fine and that 's it . 
  will i get into trouble if i call some cop an asshole , wanker and son of a whore ? 
  if yes , then you do n't have ` proper ' free speech in your country neither . 
  will i get into trouble for singing the deutschlandlied 's first verse in the centre of vienna while doing the hitler salute and holding the nazi flag and scream heil hitler afterwards ? 
  if i would get into trouble then you do n't have proper free speech either . 
  get off your high horse, 
  it 's still hypocritical if i can call merkel an asshole but not some cop without any retaliation . 
  get off the high horse . 
  you can criticize and say you do n't like atat\u00fcrk but you can not call him a wanker without getting fined . 
  mate , if i called you an asshole there would be no consequences . 
  if i called a police officer an asshole i 'd be fined . 
  nobody would get imprisoned for insulting atat\u00fcrk but fined . 
  it 's no different to what i described above . 
  i assume that means there 's no free speech in your country either . 
  the law regarding atat\u00fcrk was , if i 'm not mistaken , installed by the military regime after the coup in 1980s . 
  still insulting is not free speech . 
  go to a police officer in germany and call him an asshole . 
  i bet you 'll get fined . 
  yeah meant the clothing . 
  man , it 's too late for those kind of sarcastic comments my brain has already shut down and was n't prepared . 
  have a nice afternoon/evening . 
  you do n't know shit about turkey 's black sea region , do you ? 
  even before akp there were some ninjas ( women with headscarves ) who said that they do n't like atat\u00fcrk and that was their pov . 
  however insulting him by calling him a gay crypto jew son of a bitch is not the same . 
  ( i know that neither homosexuality or jewishness is an insult but it is certainly intended by these people ) but obviously the constitution is not respected by these akp fuckers , so even tayyip called atat\u00fcrk and \u0130n\u00f6n\u00fc drunkards . 
  if you call this cult , then germany has had obviously cultish laws pre-b\u00f6hmemann regarding head of states . 
  criticising is okay and acceptable but insulting the man who founded this nation is not free speech . 
  they even scream allah\u00fc ekber at football matches or in some random protests . 
  they just do n't have any proper chants or reasons to protest , they are not more islamic than your average conservative . 
  the real dangerous muslims are the ones with a full beard and clothing like fucking disney 's alaaddin . 
  these are just backwarded conservative neo-ottomans , the type of people who would n't allow their sister to have a boyfriend but would go to brothels to fuck a whore, 
  except for the black sea region . 
  they are fucking nuts . 
  if comfy gulag which is an oxymoron was a play on words on leftist nationalism then well done . 
  however , i have read quite a bit into irish leftist nationalism as well , and have such a love for them because i feel like i can understand them . 
  i just assume that there are not many ideologies which embrace nationalism a certain way . 
  it 's pretty off topic and op wants to see what my stance on certain issues are , i 'm quite aware that he tries to get something out of me so he can categorise me . 
  but my initial point stands , kemalist nationalism is not the same as the nationalism these \u00e7omars embrace . 
  that was my initial point , and again there 's no reason to go off topic . 
  i do n't need your judgment or whatever you are looking for , i do n't need your acceptance my post was a statement . 
  mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk stands for enlightenment for future , i could write sentences about him but i 'll let his quotes speak . 
  it 's his ideas we embrace and what he build up . 
  it 's not some geezer , he led an independence war and won that , he declared independence and he overthrew the caliphate , installed secularism and women 's rights , you are ignorant if you think this is just a cult around one person . 
  he once said , ` unless a nation 's life faces a peril , the war is a murder . ', 
  the motto of the country are also atat\u00fcrk 's words which are ` peace at home , peace in the world ' the ones which are more interesting : ' i have no religion , and at times i wish all religions at the bottom of the sea . 
  he is a weak ruler who needs religion to uphold his government ; it is as if he would catch his people in a trap . 
  my people are going to learn the principles of democracy , the dictates of truth and the teachings of science . 
  superstition must go . 
  let them worship as they will ; every man can follow his own conscience , provided it does not interfere with sane reason or bid him against the liberty of his fellow-men . ', 
  ` we do not consider our principles as dogmas contained in books that are said to come from heaven . 
  we derive our inspiration , not from heaven , or from an unseen world , but directly from life . ', 
  and regarding the cult issue you posted , he explains it better : ` there are two mustafa kemals : one is me , the flesh-and-blood , mortal mustafa kemal ... the second mustafa kemal , ... i can not express it with the word `` me '' , it is not `` me '' , it is `` we '' . 
  that is an intellectual and challenging society , struggling in every corner of the homeland for new ideas , new life and the great ideal . 
  i represent their dream . 
  my attempts are to satisfy the things they long . 
  that mustafa kemal is you , all of you . 
  that is the non provisonal mustafa kemal that must live and succeed . ', 
  simply , my values are represented by that single person called atat\u00fcrk , that 's why he 's our nation 's guide , and that 's why we secular turks love him . 
  bruv , per se i 'm a turkish nationalist , but our ( kemalist ) definition of nationalism is not equal to the description of those \u00e7omars . 
  please do n't put us all into the same boat . 
  for me nationalism means an independent strong turkey without any foreign military bases within its territory . 
  a turkey aimed at the future and securing its own people 's work places with a stable self-sufficient industry . 
  a turkey that lives by the words of atat\u00fcrk who once said ` any other guide than science is hereditary ' . 
  a turkey which is represented by its traditions yet is still modern , a turkey where secularism is not challenged but embraced . 
  a turkey that learnt from its mistakes in the past but is focused on its future with good relations to our neighbours and the countries in our region . 
  i suppose that leftist nationalism may be an oxymoron for some people but that is part of the ideology i embrace . 
  so if you want to refer to these uneducated goatfuckers who unfortunately happen to be turkish just call them \u00e7omars like we all do . 
  thanks for reminding . 
  to be fair that 's even worse since they literally border each other , and because it would be probably harder to get an ivorian flag rather than an irish one . 
  but loyalists so , not that surprising . 
  nobody can humiliate us turks as much or even more than these \u00e7omars . 
  this is the result of islam , neo-ottomanism , cousin marriage and conservative rhetorics . 
  nothing is impossible with these people ruling the country . 
  nobody should accept that . 
  but that is no reason to blow up people . 
  what do you mean by ` if they are after me it 's okay if i kill innocent people with bombs ' ? 
  leftists are right now targeted in turkey by the government forces , they better should be blowing up the bosphorus , right ? 
  you sound like a barbarian bruv . 
  galatasaray had a swiss player of albanian origin with roots in macedonia playing for them like three years ago , his name is dzemaili , but only in turkey he had his name written as xhemaili as it is supposed to be written like in albanian . 
  that was quite interesting . 
   people fighting against isis in other countrys . 
  oh well , if they are fighting against isis , it 's totally acceptable that they target and kill innocent people in turkey . 
  they are right though . 
  antisemitism is very common among muslims but especially among arabs . 
  most of the arabs from the most western part of morocco until the persian gulf will tell you that jews ought to be killed . 
   there is nothing wrong with being proud of the `` glory days '' why should one take pride in genocides , massacres , colonisation , the exploitation of locals , slavery etc ? 
  these people from a century ago did n't have the values , beliefs , morals we ought to have nowadays . 
  can not identify with these people . 
  i can identify with atat\u00fcrk though .
