   so why is turkey making such a fuss over russia bombing isis ? 
  because they fight assad and they do n't only bomb isis . 
   if turkey succeeds in overthrowing assad i hope the entire syrian population ends up in turkey so they can live in safety . 
  nah man , turkey should n't be the one taking in all the refugees . 
  in the 80 's and 90 's we took all those kurdish refugees from northern iraq fleeing from saddam , but in the end we reached the peak of terrorism in the beginning of the 90 's . 
  you seem to be a guy who favors terrorism and does n't respect turkey 's territorial integrity . 
  so my question , what 's your ethnicity or where are you from ? 
       turks certainly committed a massive genocide against armenians ( and assyrians ) . 
  i hope you 're not trying to deny this crime . 
  obviously it 's a fake side of the story fabricated by the armenians , who are vocal about it due to their intensive lobbying . 
  fact is , there was no genocide , but there were massacres . 
  if you show me any evidence that there was a genocide order from top-down , i 'm gon na be the first one to accept it . 
   they certainly persecute kurds lol , kurds have universities , state tv in their language , they have lessons in kurdish ( if they want it ) , you 're just regurgitating what reddit says . 
  kurds are not even close to being persecuted . 
  our minister of finance a month ago said ` i 'm a kurd ' and guess what , he was n't persecuted . 
   support isis doing nothing against them = / = supporting turkey clearly said they 'd fight isis if the west was ready to fight assad as well . 
  erdo\u011fan 's logic is that if they fight isis , they should fight assad , too . 
  tayyip wants to get rid of assad , that 's it . 
  you 're right , but like / u/bishey3 meant i skipped the ` in science ' part . 
  dae turkey not europe ? 
  turkey is in asia , amirite ? 
  kebabs genocided 35m armenians , gib independence to kurdistan , kurdish people are treated as 8th class citizens . 
  hurr durr , kick turkey out of nato , they support isis , turkey 's literally worse than hitler . 
  one of the winners is aziz sancar who is a turkish-american scientist . 
  the first nobel prize winner from turkey [ edit : in science ] , we 're proud . 
  ` muh secular peace loving freedom fighters ' jog on . 
  accept the reality , and if you want to change it , you can come here and fight for it . 
  \u0130f not , suck on what 's the reality, 
  no there 's not . 
  except for fictional maps , a legally binding territory has to recognized as such . 
  if you , by yourself , recognize such ` borders ' does n't mean anything but you being delusional and living far away from reality . 
  if you want to have ` kurdish borders ' within the republic of turkey , come to our country and fight for it . 
  we do n't give lands up which our forefathers have shed blood for . 
   kurdish borders there are no kurdish borders . 
  do you even know what borders are ? 
  there 's no kurdistan area within turkey , you must have thought of iraq . 
  respect our borders and our geographical integrity . 
  ww i , russians invade east turkey where the armenians are , armenians revolt and start killing local turks and kurds , locals strike back , the ottoman empire decides to send them south to avoid their collaboration with the russians and to avoid further killings between local armenians and muslims , lots of armenians die on the way to the levant , ww i ends , ottoman empire signs treaty of sevres where a newly founded armenia is granted to the armenian population of ottoman empire , atat\u00fcrk comes , atat\u00fcrk destroys the imperialist partition , turkey is founded , no armenia on turkish grounds , mass exodus of armenians towards america because no homeland anymore , start crying and bitching how they were genocided . 
   kurdistan area do you mean southeastern anatolia ? 
   moreover , we are connected in many ways even if we dont want to . 
  said this a million times . 
  hating greeks is stupid , because they 're so similar to us . 
  it 's actually kom\u015fu ( \u015f is the equivalent of \u0161 ), 
  it 's all about maximizing power under given circumstances . 
  the ypg was hailed with cheerings on this platform for fighting against isis . 
  well they had to , now they took turkmen and arab villages under control and will claim autonomy in close time . 
  especially if you 're turkish and turkish is written the way a word is pronounced . 
  so monsieur is m\u00f6sy\u00f6 , ascenseur is asans\u00f6r , casque is kask , virage is viraj for example . 
  of kors , t\u00fcrki\u015f fonetiks mayt bi\u011f veri komplikeyt\u0131d for yu biko\u011fz vi yu\u011fz sam difrent let\u0131rs . 
  armenians surely love to live in the past . 
   look at eu countries at an example that 's what i 'm saying , proper democracy is in europe , not in russia or the us . 
  but if the majority of your people decide to be led by someone who abuses his powers , then there 's not much to do . 
  as an italian you should know this . 
  the us and russia are so democratic , right ? 
  they should bring freedom to turkey like the us brought to iraq and russia brought to chechnya . 
  tayyip does n't want sharia . 
  tayyip is just a conservative , power hungry politician who wants to control the people by using conservative and religious tools to further stabilize his position . 
  he went recently from authoritarian to more and more totalitarian . 
  and he 's gon na push further for a presidential referendum . 
  the man wants to become the president in a presidential system and he 's using the right tools to manipulate the uneducated muslims in our country . 
  are you serious ? 
  you guys ceded ottoman lands , declared war on atat\u00fcrk 's army and then lost the lands you held for a few years . 
  and the population exchange was a both-way act . 
  i still have love for greeks . 
  we are similar in many ways . 
  i do n't have to hate you for things which happened a hundred years ago . 
  i 'm from the western part of turkey , and our village was looted and our villagers were murdered by greeks when they retreated from dumlup\u0131nar . 
  they knew they lost the war , so they burnt whatever turkish was left in our village . 
  but why should i hate you , because you share the same ethnicity , why should i hate all greeks . 
  history is filled with cruelties and barbarism , but we have to move on . 
  atat\u00fcrk 's ideals of turkey are what makes me proud to say \u0130 am a kemalist . 
  he saved the turkish identity on and off the battlefield and sent the greek invaders home . 
  the way you feel about kolokotronis , the way i feel about atat\u00fcrk . 
   if you want to be friendly elect someone that is n't a douche like erdogan i do n't have that much power . 
  and more than 50 % of our country did n't vote for him . 
  elections are sometimes not a fair way of representation though . 
  anyway , i just wanted to let you know this is not radical turk bullshit , but radical anti-secular bullshit . 
  hope you have understood my point . 
   so fuck erdogan . 
  not that i 'm against that comment . 
  just thought that you might want to understand why he said that . 
  erdo\u011fan and his people are more muslim than turk anyway . 
  so i felt that you are wrong saying this is radical turk bullshit because this is anti-secular bullshit . 
  prove me wrong . 
  just had to dig this comment for you : https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/55nz9f/greek_city_timess_suggestion_to_erdogan/d8c6pfl/ i do n't know about you . 
  but i laugh at all this nationalist shit . 
  there are still people on your side who want to reconquer \u0130stanbul , and there are still people on our side who want to reconquer western thrace . 
  after all our cuisine , music , culture and lifestyle are very similar , anyway enjoy this one phile mou : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnbubxnr7fc, 
   why on earth did erdogan appoint an imam for the hagia sofia last month ? 
  the turkish \u0130slamofascists desired this act for decades . 
  it 's just to show off how powerful they are . 
  it should neither become a mosque nor a church and should remain as a museum . 
  as if there were n't enough mosques in turkey . 
  eh , goes both ways . 
  many turkic peoples have lived under russian rule for centuries , and many still do . 
  he does n't say this to attack greeks but to attack atat\u00fcrk , / u/kubilaytaskiran has explained it very well here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5a1hsv/erdogan_says_greek_islands_used_to_be_turkish/d9d0jcm/  radical turk i , as a kemalist , have nothing but love for you hellenes . 
  we are partially european , just not fully european . 
  europe is only for europeans , but the rest of the world is also for europeans . 
  european master race amirite ? 
  turkey is neither european , nor asian .
