   in october 2015 , dan glazebrook , an author and columnist for the guardian and the independent in the uk , told rt `` the whole business about funding moderate rebels has always been a bit of a fantasy . 
  there is nothing moderate about what they are being trained to do . 
  there is nothing moderate about forming a militia and then going and killing as many police and soldiers of a sovereign state as you can . 
  the free syrian army -- the so-called moderate rebels -- celebrated their arrival in aleppo for example by planting 2,000-kilo bombs in the city center and looting the city 's schools . 
  this whole idea of moderate rebels was always a myth . '', 
  the split came with hdp announcing the thought of participating in the elections as hdp instead of placing independent candidates to form the party within the parliament . 
  akp said that they should do so if they have the guts , hdp did so and akp got mad because they lost the majority of the seats and they lost lots of votes and mps from the south east . 
  how did hdp achieve this ? 
  with kurdish nationalism . 
  otherwise most of the conservative kurds would have voted for erdo\u011fan . 
  so both parties act of course in their own interests to become more powerful , and both are a huge obstacle in terms of democracy and development . 
  hdp wants of course the votes akp gets from the conservative kurds in the south east . 
  but their support for pkk 's terror will cost them the sympathy votes from the turks in the west . 
  of course hdp is a rather leftists party as well and ideologically they oppose the \u0130slamist akp anyway . 
  funnily they on really good terms some time ago . 
  how times change . 
  kemal k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu is the man who has the balls , the courage and the guts to become the pm we need . 
  he acts for the interests of the country and its people unlike the akp . 
  going back a hundred years does n't justify anything . 
  i see your armenian logic . 
  you guys justified asala terrorism by the your fake ` genocide ' lies . 
  enjoy the view on the ararat mate . 
  it 's ours . 
   they also need to recognise the genocides against armenians and assyrians , end the blockade of armenia , the poor armenians should first leave the karabakh region which they illegally occupy and say sorry for the ethnic cleansing of azerbaijanis in karabakh and the displacement of 700k azerbaijanis . 
  glad to hear such an opinion on this . 
  we need diplomats working on a solution . 
  unfortunately since the annan plan was dropped the whole issue was left to the cypriot leaders . 
   you 're just trying to justify your genocides by puking bullshit like how is a genocide a natural evolution of the human race ( survival of the fittest and all ) and how the people the turks killed were also guilty of doing in the past . 
  that 's what you got out of what i 've written ? 
  damn son . 
  whatever you wan na comprehend . 
   thracians and illyrians were never conquered but they hellenized themselves nevertheless . 
  that 's very naive to believe . 
   if you have any evidence that the ancient greeks genocided the other anatolian populations it might need some time to do research on this , which i 'm not gon na do . 
  however , the highly civilized greeks did commit massacres or enslavements among themselves ( -  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_melos ) . 
  do you think that they 'd have been friendlier to others ? 
  delusional and naive claims you got there brah . 
  u seem to be far away from reality . 
  ah of course , the greeks are the civilized ones and they did n't hurt anyone . 
  one might wonder what alexander the great was most famous for . 
  turks though ? 
  genociding , massacres . 
  great logic mate . 
  well , that 's the logic innit ? 
  the fittest survive , and that 's part of nature . 
  so claiming we occupy greek , armenian , slavic land is stupid . 
  that was my point . 
  do n't you think that the greeks possibly have destroyed ancient sumerian buildings ? 
  are you retarded ? 
  if we go back to the first ones living there it 's the ones i mentioned . 
  obviously a stronger tribe takes over the territory of a weaker tribe . 
  survival of the fittest . 
  that 's why the sumerians are not longer with us , and we call anatolia our home . 
  most of us turks believe that cyprus should be unified but under certain circumstances . 
  for example a federation of two entities like the annan plan foresaw . 
  \u0130t 's the turks of cyprus who were in favor of the annan plan and the unification but it was the greek cypriots who rejected it . 
  your post is hypocritical . 
  you mean sumerian and hittite ? 
  so it 's all about being christian ? 
  you know , you do n't have to be ethnically european to become european though . 
  european is no ethnicity , as a matter of fact , at least a solid third of greek people are of ( minor ) asian roots . 
  you seem to be very defensive on this , and i do n't wan na continue with this , but again we played a huge role in european history , and we clearly are a part of europe . 
  if you dislike it or not , and according to your ` definition ' bosniaks or muslim albanians are not european , too . 
  do you realize how far off reality you are . 
  well you bulgarians are ethnically turkic , so are you european brah ? 
  are n't you asian ?? 
  wan na explain what 's europeanmindedness ? 
  is it being christian ? 
  is it being secular ? 
  is it eating pork ? 
  you 're making a term up and you 're using comparisons without explaining why you 're comparing those groups and why the ones you mentioned are more european than turks . 
  i do n't even argue that turks are european or not , i consider myself as asian . 
  but obviously we turks played a huge role in the history of europe . 
  and even you bulgarians have turkic roots , so denying the role of turks in europe , and that we 're a part of europe due to shared history is just delusional . 
  turkey has been under current borders for almost a century . 
  it was partitioned after the ottomans signed the treaty of s\u00e8vres after ww i. atat\u00fcrk started the war of independence , and the result was the current borders ( minus hatay ) after the treaty of lausanne was signed . 
  many of our forefathers died for the fatherland . 
  so why give it up ? 
  why give it up , so separatist terrorists would be successful ? 
  kurds are not treated like second class citizens , they 're part of our state , so are all other ethnic minorities like albanians , bosniaks , circassians , laz , hemshin , arabs , and many others . 
  if we 'd draw borders by ethnicity , we turks from germany could declare independence in berlin-kreuzberg , 
  cool , you wan na give them a part of your country then ? 
  because turkey is indivisible . 
  yeah but that 3 % is bigger than the total area of slovenia for example . 
   what happened to armenians is accepted as a genocide by practically all historians and genocide scholars . 
  not really . 
  the turkish government has openly invited historians to investigate the ottoman archives , armenia declined . 
  it 's used for political purposes and it 's ` recognized ' by politicians . 
  again , it 's part of the armenian lobby 's agenda . 
   so why do turks seemingly hate kurds ? 
  source ? 
   why do kurds feel uncomfortable in turkey ? 
  source ? 
  if kurds are feeling uncomfortable in turkey , why are millions of them living in western turkey ? 
   there have been several massacres of kurds since the founding of turkey not really , the only ` massacre ' was the suppression of the 1938 kurdish islamist uprising , and they got rekt . 
  they wanted to establish a kurdish islamic caliphate . 
   massive repression of the use of kurdish language in public until fairly recently , bans on kurdish new year celebrations , etc. 
  yeah that 's true and that can be overcome with reforms . 
  and i got ta say there have been plenty of positive reforms according that . 
  kurds can even call se turkey kurdistan , or say they support pkk and separatism without politically being charged for that .
