  it was merkel who invited them to germany . 
  turkey does n't need more terrorist mudslims . 
   many organizations deemed terrorist were , in fact , disarmed via addressing issues that create support for them isis is a sunni reaction to the shias taking control over iraq . 
  in post-saddam iraq , former baathist politicians were banned from being involved in politics . 
  the baath party consisted mainly of sunni arabs . 
  but that does n't mean that we have to show acceptance and tolerance to any terrorist organization with a possible legitimate root . 
   but turkish insistence on endlessly hammering them and branding them as devils probably wo n't solve the problem anytime soon and might be actually counterproductive . 
  recent events are triggered by pkk not the other way around . 
  they have ended the ceasefire , and recently they have declared autonomy in certain cities . 
  turkey 's actions are a reaction to the recent events , not the other way around . 
   sexual slavery , rape , summary executions , totalitarian control of populace , religious persecution , global conquest ambitions , overseas terror massacres , brutally high taxation , destruction of historical heritage . 
  that about isis that 's because they rule over certain areas and can enforce their laws within these areas . 
  that 's what turkey is fighting , to not allow pkk to rule over se anatolia . 
  not screaming allahu akbar does n't make them less worse . 
  pkk is kidnapping children , burning schools , burning hospitals , arming kids , commit terrorist attacks . 
  they also have women ` serving ' their leaders in the mountains . 
  for example : http://i.imgur.com/95tibae.png ____________________ that 's like arguing if it 's better to die due to lung cancer or leukemia or something if you get my point . 
  that 's from your pov . 
  you ignore all the off duty policemen , traffic police , off duty unarmed soldiers , teachers , and many more killed by them . 
  pkk has caused terror for more than 30 years . 
  what about isis ? 
  bahar is a persian loanword . 
  when you look at tatarstan within the russian federation and crimea you 'll see the words ` k\u00fcz ' which seems to be the turkic word for autumn . 
  in turkish spring is ` ilkbahar ' ( first spring ) and autumn is ` sonbahar ' ( last spring ) . 
  cenk is originally persian and harp is originally arabic . 
  is it the same as radomir ? 
  almost like he was born to become what he had become . 
   not to mention the people named after towns i think sofia can be a pretty cool name . 
  not sure about pazarc\u0131k / pazardzik or blagoevgrad :d, 
  my parents named me and my siblings after water themed names . 
  that 's actually pretty cool , and i like turkish names because it has a meaning . 
  not a fan of arabic or foreign names therefore . 
  and serbia ? 
  oh i did n't know norway , serbia and switzerland were recently members of the eu you mug . 
  lol . 
  germany and france were the major countries who did n't want turkey to be part of europe . 
  that might be also among the biggest reasons why tayyip became more and more authoritarian . 
  the reforms to join the eu were pretty successful back in 2005 . 
  the meeting now are just probably talks about the refugee issues under the umbrella of ` eu talks ' . 
   i feel people do n't get french secularism ( `` la\u00efcit\u00e9 '' ) . 
  atat\u00fcrk was a huge fan of french laicit\u00e9 . 
  that 's why our domestic form of secularism is called laiklik and not sek\u00fclerizm . 
  in other european states such as germany people can marry in church afaik and this is legally valid ( edit : it is not in germany ) . 
  in turkey a marriage conducted by an imam is not legally valid . 
  there was a movement of turkish muslims who wanted this to become legal but it was forbidden by the constitution . 
  when i discussed this with an austrian he did n't get it because they do n't understand our form of secularism which is by the way the greatest form of secularism because it 's the purest form of it . 
  you 're right . 
  the pkk is far worse than al qaeda . 
  fascist isis supporting swedish police oppresses freedom loving kurdish peace fighters . 
  kick sweden out of naruto !!!, 
  freedom for ~ ~ \u00d6calan ~ ~ bin laden !!!, 
  people who do n't care about equality and minority rights . 
  speak for yourself bro :d i 'm sure as an aegean turk that i have rather some greek blood in me than kurdish blood . 
  no wonder some people think that i 'm italian or greek . 
  lmao, 
  can you provide a legitimate source ? 
  btw if this is true i 'm sad these people had to die . 
  no civilians should die . 
  and this should be priority . 
  but if true , this is the result of urban warfare because pkk decided to take the battle into the villages and neighborhoods . 
  the root is deeper . 
  the 68 student movement was big in turkey . 
  during 70 's there was a big civil war-esque situation between nationalists and communists in turkey . 
  this resulted in a coup d'etat in september 1980 . 
  obviously the kurds were among the commies because of they were likely to be targeted by nationalists . 
  the coup leaders were very strict and harsh towards commies who were sentenced to death , beaten up and molested in jails across turkey . 
  since it was the times of cold war most of the commies were seen as a threat and the deep state with the help of the usa has done their best to crush them . 
  not necessarily because they were kurds but because they were commies . 
  since those times they 've sticked to their ideology . 
  so they can send our mongoloid asses back to central asia source : http://www.dailysabah.com/kurdish-issue/2015/12/16/racist-pkk-leader-pledges-to-send-turks-back-to-central-asia, 
   according to you every kurd or sympathizer = pkk lol , we turks are the ones who claim that not every kurd is a pkk supporter . 
  there were amnesty reports of ypg destroying arab and turkmen villages when they took them over . 
  ypg does n't operate in turkey but in syria . 
  the ypg and pkk are part of the kongra-gel , which means that de facto ypg and pkk are allied . 
  therefore i assume that they are not sovereign from the pkk . 
  if you want i can provide sources . 
   if the ypg is down with terrorists , i have no idea `` who to root for '' . 
  that was my stance since the beginning of the conflict . 
  it 's hard to root for anyone because neither of em are clean . 
  but that 's the nature of war i guess . 
  ` kad\u0131n ba\u015f\u0131na d\u00fc\u015fen \u00e7ocuk say\u0131s\u0131 ' -  ` number of children per woman '  by the way , it really is n't clear what that map means for someone who does n't speak turkish . 
  seems like you ca n't read english neither . 
  because :  when you compare an ethnic group to cockroaches i compared the\u0131r breed\u0131ng not themselves . 
  damn this is a long ass chant . 
  considering that their representants were caught delivering supply to pkk , have issued hate speechs and openly declared their support for \u00d6calan and pkk , the pm is on point here . 
  lol look at the map i posted . 
  i do n't have to be politically correct . 
  the same with pyd . 
  pyd was created by pkk , and ypg is the armed representation of the pyd . 
  and then ignorant people wonder why turkey would n't support the ypg . 
  / u/wilhelm _ von_leibniz the article was talking about ` southeastern provinces ' , your editorialized title is speaking of ` kurdish provinces ' . 
  there are no kurdish provinces in turkey . 
  all of turkey 's provinces are turkish provinces . 
  please refrain from such separatist titles the next time . 
  thanks, 
  as someone who has huge sympathy for the irish cause , you can not compare these issues . 
  southeast anatolia was not an island which was invaded by turks and just ` taken over ' . 
  southeast anatolia was turkish thousand years ago too . 
  the kurds were never a significant group in history , they 've become significant by breeding like cockroaches as this map shows : http://i.imgur.com/zy4i4ri.png again , our forefathers with kurds among them have fought and liberated those lands . 
  anyone who wants to take our soil has to fight for it .
