if you 'd think that we do n't care , you 're wrong . 
  i 'm actually a bit surprised that it 's the germans , would have expected it to be other of our nato ` allies ' . 
  hahaha , do n't know about you , but zywiech and tyskie are quite okay . 
  they are obviously nothing compared to efes ( :p ) , but they are acceptable . 
   what 's a really good polish beer , that u 'd recommend ? 
  lidl is pretty cool . 
  when i was in a lidl in greece about a decade ago , i was pretty sad that they did n't have quite the same products though . 
  do they have actually the same products throughout europe ? 
  i 've always wondered about that . 
  i 've recently written an essay about the cyprus issue . 
  it was a good thing because i could conclude every piece of information which brought me to my final answer of the issue . 
  it 's probably no - there will be no unity and cyprus will be divided - at least in the short run . 
  the annan plan was the chance . 
  but both sides , especially the greek side are not ready to give up 1 % of their demands . 
  people from southern cyprus want their homes back , and want the turkish army to withdraw from the island . 
  and there are many more reasons , like the anatolians on the island for example . 
  the greek cypriots see them as part of turkish settling to strengthen turkish demands . 
  however , the reason the turks were afraid of was that cyprus could have become under greek control - leading to the unity of cyprus and greece . 
  this is probably history since cyprus is part of eu . 
  i think rather cyprus should be not a federation , but a confederation of the turkish part and the greek part . 
  i see no other solution besides that . 
  wow , i 'm not surprised , but this is so low on the level of humanity . 
  i really feel bad for all the victims and their relatives and friends . 
  on the other hand the ukrainians probably will have the best outcome out of this situation . 
  they will get the international support they deserve . 
   we evolved to eat meat . 
  or rather we evolved by eating meat . 
  add . 
  eating meat wo n't harm any other people like second hand smoking . 
  you could give midilli back to us and you 'd avoid this problem . 
  the family is living in gb and they 've mixed with the local british population . 
  weak bro , i expect a source for such a claim . 
  i remember how the americans and europeans of reddit used to bash us when we did n't accept refugees for a few days a few months ago . 
  how immorale and inhumane it was . 
  well , after merkel 's open invitation every syrian wants to enter europe and we should just let them pass tbh , they 're a burden to us , so why bother ? 
  eu never cared about us , why should we care about them ? 
  let them pass through greece , legally , and fight against those human traffickers on the coast . 
  i did n't take it as an insult . 
  it was a bit hard to follow you though . 
  my point was that i hate this ` oh turks are actually greeks ; armenians and whatever ' thing . 
  my point was that we 're obviously mixed and we do n't care . 
  our neighbours around us care more about their ethnicity than we do . 
  the hero of our nation had blonde hair and blue eyes , and now we 're ruled by an ethnic georgian . 
  in the end the ethnicity does n't matter . 
  would rather accept the ` armenian genocide ' than this kind of shit tbh . 
  source ? 
  cool story bro . 
  but if you knew a bit about turks , the least we care about when it comes to our nationality , it 's the dna . 
  obviously people always mix with the local population , and since i 'm from the west , i 'm white and brown haired . 
  one from south east anatolia might have mixed with arabs for example . 
  but we do n't care about those ` pure blood ' or ` mixed blood ' things like most of our neighbours do . 
  maybe it 's because we know we 're not pure . 
  some weeks ago a bulgarian pleb was trying to tell me that he 's pure bulgarian , and that 85 % of his nation was bulgarian . 
  i told him how cool it is that we 're both turkic and he simply denied that there was any correlation between proto bulgarians and turks . 
  b a n t e r a n t e r, 
  yo\u011furtlu makarna - pasta with yoghurt cook 150g fusilli pasta get a pan in which you fry olive oil together with tomate paste , add some salt and peppermint to it . 
  put the pasta in a plate followed by 150g yoghurt and add the sauce to it . 
  \u0130t tastes amazing . 
  the conservative ones for akp , the separatist & secular minded for hdp . 
  easily said but there are several reasons . 
  water dams , are in the south east ; already too much money put in in projects ; those lands were fought for by atat\u00fcrk , so it can only be taken by ` sword ' ; it is underdeveloped but if it was to be cut off turkey , those people would probably move west anyway . 
  internal migration of kurds within turkey is very high , especially to istanbul and other western cities . 
  if every issue was solved by giving up south east turkey , then i 'd be for it . 
  first turkey should stop oppressing peaceful freedom loving kurds who 've been enslaved , treated as 8th class citizens and have been oppressed by those filthy mongols since they arrived in anatolia in 1071 . 
  well , merkel invited them over to germany . 
  who would n't prefer to live in germany than in turkey ? 
  yeah , europe gets the one who are skilled and have funds . 
  meanwhile those who can not afford to come to ` europe ' stay in their tents . 
  there 's clear evidence that the kurds beat turks over there and the turk comes over to save their lives basically . 
  meanwhile those kurds hit the turkish woman lying on the floor just because she 's turkish . 
  here 's the evidence for ya : https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/3l10e5/hdpkk_sympathisants_attack_long_version/, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  show me when turks attacked cops ? 
  turks act civilized in protests , unless they are provoked by pkk supporters and dragged into clashes . 
  we saw the same thing in bern , stockholm , frankfurt . 
  btw : i like that flag . 
  after seeing this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbfjblihwja , i do n't blame them . 
   serbian police is handing out leaflets with a map showing how to get to the croatian border . 
  srbija , the real mvp lmao . 
  turks came to germany in the 60 's and 70 's . 
  they came as workers because germany needed workers . 
  and guess what , since they are human beings , they liked germany and their temporary residence became their new home and they took wife and kids among them . 
  then in the 80 's lots of political refugees sought shelter in germany and finally stayed in germany . 
  germany and turkey had good relations in the past so that was probably one of the reasons turks were invited to germany as workers . 
  now most of the turks younger than 30 are born in germany and consider germany their home . 
  you see this for example in the german national football team with players such as mesut \u00d6zil or \u0130lkay g\u00fcndo\u011fan representing germany on international level . 
  you do n't know the story of how turks , greeks , spanish , italian and portuguese people came to germany ? 
  what do you mean by you ? 
  most turks are pretty well integrated in germany . 
  the majority of criminals for example are kurds . 
  but they are registered as turks since that 's their citizenship , so we get the shitty backlash . 
  look at the protests in stockholm of turks , and look at the protests of kurds . 
  they are obviously less civilized . 
  we do n't want pkk terrorists in our country . 
  you can have them , they are progressive peace loving freedom fighters . 
  and that swastika is probably taken from hindu tradition , right ? 
   but you wont find a single member hating turks or arabs because of their ethnicity . 
  yeah right . 
  nice propaganda you got there , who taught you that ? 
  your armenian grandfather ?
