  it 's neither part of the balkans , nor part of the middle east . 
  turkey is its own kind , and that 's cool and makes us special . 
  but we have deep connections to europe and europeans . 
  but trying to shun us just because we are a bit different makes you sound like an insecure little bitch . 
  efcharisto , phile mou < 3, 
  long live our republic . 
  bro just look at this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5khc8o91jfu and the comments lmao . 
   turkey has to face its past sooner or later the turkish narrative has always been that there was no planned genocide . 
  and the armenian narrative has always been that armenians were targeted by the ottomans with the aim to be completely eliminated . 
  this is a topic for historians and not for politicians . 
  especially since the situation was way more complex compared to proper genocides . 
  the armenians had revolted before the ww i and during the ww i , the armenians collaborated with invading russians killing muslims and taking over their land . 
  -  source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qjcl0drpqs & https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qg70uwesfu4 if turks have murdered , so have armenians . 
  it 's just so annoying how always one nation is blamed for atrocities and others are just let off , looking at serbia & croatia for example . 
  croatians murdered and displaced thousands of serbian civilians and yet the serbs are the only bad guys . 
  also , western nations which have committed atrocities like the french have the audacity , despite colonizing and killing millions of africans , to point with the finger to the bad guy turkey . 
  that 's my own point of view , basically that the allegation is used as a weapon against turks . 
  hrant dink always believed that the issues was between armenians and turkey . 
  and that it was politicized by the diaspora armenians . 
  he also stated he 'd go to france and say the armenian genocide was a lie to challenge such laws . 
  we need discussions and historians for this subject . 
  i was just joking about it phile mou  the logic they followed does n't make much sense , that 's it . 
  these neo-ottomans get a hard-on when they see the maps of s\u00fcleyman the magnificient 's rule . 
  they are a disgrace to the turkish people with their backwarded mentality ( the more land you rule , the better you are ) . 
  this is so triggering for us balkan people , do n't know how to handle this . 
   hagi [ goat ] ( http://www.bilgiustam.com/resimler/2014/07/5444_gheorghe-hagi-300x330.jpg ) i also would have thought of ceau\u015fescu . 
  i think hitler is pretty much the most known historical political figure . 
  our most famous person is a greek ? 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee i 'd have thougt it was atat\u00fcrk . 
  edit : aaah , atat\u00fcrk was born in selanik , therefore he does n't count towards modern turkey 's most known person . 
  the bird was named after the country . 
  the muricans called turkeys , when they discovered them in america ` the turkey bird ' . 
  then dropped the bird and it became turkey . 
  the bird was introduced to many areas of europe from turkey basically . 
  in turkish , turkey is called ` hindi ' . 
  we , for example , call the coconut ` hindistan cevizi ' which means ` india nuts ' . 
  if we 'd had dropped the word ` ceviz ' , we 'd have done the same americans did . 
  i hate american imperialism so much . 
  we need leaders like ecevit , instead we have the pseudo islamist , corrupt bop e\u015fba\u015fkan\u0131 who does n't give a single fuck about turkey and its interests . 
  seems like you need to explore the world wide web . 
  mexican cartels have taken the innocence out of me . 
  compared to them isis scenes seem like movies . 
  what ? 
  you 'd rather watch people getting beheaded by jihadis than read some titles ? 
  oh shit this comment chain is fucking gold . 
  if i was n't lazy i could share some turkish headlines as well , but not sure if they could compete with this level . 
  swedes ai n't turks bruv . 
  diaspora does n't and should n't represent turks . 
  show me the comments of turks saying it 's good to murder armenians ? 
  and regarding your latter claim . 
  that will exactly happen when those muslims will take over europe and shakira law is installed in the islamic republic of sweden . 
  oh yeah , that 's totally the reason . 
  why did the value of our currency fall ? 
  because of the armenian genocide !!!, 
  why is our football team bad ? 
  because of the armenian genocide !!!!, 
  why is there no new season of behzat \u00c7 . ? 
  because of the armenian genocide !!!!, 
  you 're embarrassing yourself mate . 
  it is assumed that after the conquest of \u0130stanbul , turks screamed ` is tin poli ' which means ` into the city ' . 
  that became \u0130stanbul and therefore the name is of greek etymology . 
  same goes for kocaeli / \u0130zmit too i guess . 
  \u0130zmit seems to be of foreign origin . 
  but kocaeli is turkish . 
  armenian logic : ` oh there 's a thread about turkey , better remind them of the genocide , cause we 're so irrelevant :( ', 
  illegal broadcasting is a serious crime . 
  doubt that they had any rights for these shows . 
  they deserved it to be shut down . 
  spongebob in the morning , pkk propaganda in the evening . 
  if he played some good football he 'd be a belgian , and belgians would get mad if he played for another country . 
  then people wonder why immigrants do not assimilate . 
  slava ukraini, 
  it 's very naive to believe god initiated evolution . 
  however , muslims believe in adam and eve , literally that they were made out of mud , because the quran says so . 
   but not literaly how it happened in bible , and that details are to be discovered by science . 
  that 's one of the issues with islam . 
  the quran is claimed to be the literal word by god , and therefore to be taken literally . 
  so , of course since islam is a modificated copy of judaism and christianity , it also claims that god created earth and the first human beings . 
  long story short : if you are a muslim you can not go against creationism . 
  if you reject creationism , you are not a muslim . 
  time to kick the uk out of eu and nato . 
   dress up like a vampire triggered pls do n't, 
  anatolia belongs to the hittites, 
  why do moroccans have such a hard on for erdo\u011fan ? 
  also , did you know that we call morocco ` fas ' coming from the word fes which comes from the city fez ? 
  other countries call your country either after marrakech or the arabic maghrib ( west ), 
  well , my father was an active leftist in pre-coup turkey and had his friends tortured and murdered in jails . 
  one of his comrades died recently of cancer . 
  the man was forced to drink boiled water , and was tortured . 
  he was turkish , but he was a leftist . 
  in turkey after the coup , the leftist faction suffered most from the state of emergency , because of turkey 's alliance with the us , and the cold war situation . 
  trust me , the us was aware of everything . 
  however , what i want to tell you is that not only the ethnic kurds were oppressed . 
  but , if all oppressed groups would fight against the state , then we could all shit on democracy and leave the state to the military . 
  all i want is to have the people of turkey to believe in democracy . 
  in the end , the akp and the islamic faction benefited most from the troubles , not necessarily because the people love their agenda , but because of stability , especially economic stability . 
  turkey needs stability to move on and to become proper democratic . 
  justifying terrorism by any means should be prosecuted . 
  however , the ones getting killed right now are the pkk kurds . 
  they are armed and fight against the law and order within the republic of turkey .
