  and anyone who goes against the law has to obey the consequences . 
   btw , if you do n't give up kurdistan it will all be kurdistan - they 're outbreeding you sure , by then whole europe will be muslim anyway . 
  come and f\u0131ght for it . 
  lol . 
  turkey is ours , nobody can take our soil which our forefathers have died for . 
  why do the dutch want us to stop going against [ people as such ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8escp2mtve ) ??? 
  they 've declared autonomy in se anatolia . 
  i do n't know in which part of the world this would be accepted but in turkey it is clearly not . 
  oh and btw , those are not kurdish provinces . 
  these are all turkish provinces . 
  they 've been turkish for centuries . 
  got ta love the irish, 
  yes : http://www.bugun.com.tr/gundem/kktcde-ezani-feza-guzeloglu-yasaklatti-1912621.html great news . 
  nobody needs to be woken up by that !, 
  typical keko . 
  anatolia is ours , and if you do n't like it , you can come here and fight for it . 
  why do n't you go to your local authorities and tell them you support commie terrorists ? 
   we can see what the pkk stand for . 
   it all depends on one 's cause to determine if they are truly freedom fighters . 
  for this reason , the pkk are freedom fighters whereas al-qaeda are terrorists . 
  oh look the pkk supporter is here and he 's here to tell us that turkey is a terrorist , and that the pkk are freedom fighters . 
  lmao . 
  must be comfortable from northern america since it 's the local kids who suffer such stuff as : https://twitter.com/hucurat_10/status/677974216998821889 or https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxqmyri8ugk or https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6vzwuszgvg keep on writing kiddo , you 'll never be successful with terrorism . 
   a state of terror in the public , a group of persons or particular persons for political purposes attack\u0131ng pol\u0131cemen , soldiers , teachers , buildings , hospitals etc. 
  to realize an independent communist kurdish state . 
  various governments and organizations have accepted the pkk as a terrorist group . 
  do n't know where you wan na lead this to ? 
  bet you would n't feel safe with these people in your neighborhood : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxqmyri8ugk, 
   the definition of terrorism is the indiscriminate targeting of civilians that 's not the definition of terrorism . 
  terrorism is the act of taking illegally armed measures in order to achieve a political goal . 
  and btw pkk does target civilians or does take civilian casualties into account . 
  i do n't understand why you accuse turkey of supporting terrorists , yet you yourself support a terrorist group and act as if you have the moral upperhand here . 
  lmao . 
  however there are groups which support the ypg not because they like the ypg but because they 're helpful for them . 
  and ypg was founded by the pyd which was founded by the pkk . 
  de facto ypg is a terrorist group which are supported by various western countries . 
  but as i said , terrorist rules do n't apply to civil wars because in a civil war all groups opposing the legitimate leader of the state are terrorists by definition . 
  one men terrorist is another mens freedom fighter . 
  imho al qaeda are not terrorists . 
  apples and oranges . 
  i do n't think that turkey supports isis because they favor isis , but isis is a strong enemy of assad 's regime . 
  a strong opposition in syria will mean a weaker assad . 
  but a civil war is not any fair comparison anyway . 
  there 's basically all kinds of terrorists fighting . 
  but in turkey it 's different . 
  not the first time people support radical \u0130slamists in a civil war . 
  the us has done it way before others have done so . 
  very disappointed by the headline the guardian chose here . 
  that 's neither what he said nor what he meant . 
  we secular turks hate tayyip and we have plenty of reasons for it but when it comes to terrorism we 're on the same ground . 
  terrorism needs to be annihilated by any means . 
   well , good luck with it . 
   it would be interesting if it turns out to be solved while you 're writing it down-or start to write it though . 
  gon na start next year , so i 'll check it every now and then . 
  thanks for your input , iyi geceler . 
  you have to keep in mind that it was a right decision at that point . 
  i mean , it ended massacres . 
  the failure happened afterwards . 
  although i can fully understand that the island was partitioned by turks . 
  look at the situation between the peoples of bih for example . 
  however cyprus was doomed to become the way it is due to nationalism , ethnic tensions and greece and turkey as guarantor powers . 
   north . 
  i can speak a bit , but i 'm not fluent . 
  ama merak etme ben kal\u0131c\u0131 anadolulular ` dan de\u011filim :d  well , a quota system and some guarantees and veto powers to be able to veto some critical issues for the future of the island . 
  guarantees can be the tricky ones , since i 'm not sure how would turkish cypriots can be satisfied since the ones that are looking for them are mostly the older generation , who had lived in the inter-conflict era and seen the collapse of the republic of cyprus . 
  i 'm gon na be honest with you , seeing that there are demands which do n't fit the hardliners in this process , i feel like the island will be divided forever . 
  but i think i 'm gon na write my bachelor thesis about this whole issue , it 's just too fascinating and i hate being too ignorant about it . 
  thanks for your opinion . 
  i just saw that the aforementioned users wrote in this thread already with a cyprus flair that 's why i mentioned them . 
   i am for the idea mainly of a united confederation . 
  in all honesty i 'm tired of being divided and do n't really care that much how we get reunification , we just need to give up on hating each other . 
  that seems totally reasonable . 
  thanks for your input . 
   with new flags/national symbols encompassing both communities . 
  i actually like the current flag and coat of arms , as it is neutral and the flag was even designed by a turk . 
  i mean the flag represents the whole of cyprus . 
   in terms of properties etc. , i think it 's unreasonable and unfair to want people in the north to move out so people that used to live there 40 years ago can go back . 
  it 's their home now too . 
  reasonable . 
  i totally agree . 
   to clarify so i do n't sound incredibly racist lmao , no need to be overly politically correct . 
  i wish anatolian turks were as secular as turkish cypriots . 
  there was a turkish cypriot who went to court and led to the issue of the ban of the ezan in the morning . 
  well , the user i answered to in the first place wrote something which fitted what i 've seen from apoel fans . 
  but i 'd be glad to hear your view on it as well if you have any . 
  do you think that greek nationalism might be a significant reason to hinder any positive solutions or is greek nationalism irrelevant ? 
  with ` thoughts ' i meant that i have the feeling that the greek cypriot people rather prefer to build their identity on being greek , being connected to mainland greece instead of having a multicultural cypriot identity . 
  look at the flags for example : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_kn7gxp-yrto/trnzjqlwrpi/aaaaaaaaawk/_owsua-gaee/s1600/apoel600_b3s50.jpg especially the greek flag with cyprus in the middle . 
  just my feeling . 
   the turks belong to turkey . 
  could n't the same said about the russians and other residents of the greek part of cyprus ? 
  obviously you can not expect people to leave their ( meanwhile ) homes just because it was different 40 years ago . 
  i can not understand this thought whatever the reason was why mainland turks came to cyprus . 
  well let me ask you three questions then : do you live in cyprus ( north or south ) ? 
  do you speak greek ? 
  and what do you think would be a fair solution ? 
   the majority seems to think that tcs need to `` go home '' immediately without seeing the obvious irony . 
  there 's recently been a protest about the declaration of the trnc and everyone was shouting things like `` shit on kemal 's grave '' , `` turks out of cyprus , `` cyprus is greek '' etc. 
  that was my thought , considering that 40 years of de facto two divided cypriot states would result in alienated peoples without having not much to share with except for the island and maybe cuisine . 
   `` turks out of cyprus , `` cyprus is greek '' etc.
