  the ones suffering most from pkk terrorism are the kurds who live in areas where pkk terrorism is present . 
  back in the 80 's , after the coup , the leftists and especially the kurds suffered most from repression , oppression , tortures and murders . 
  however , it is 2016 , and turkey has done democratic steps to stop the oppression of kurds . 
  they have not only all the rights every turkish citizen has , but they have even more than us turks . 
  they deserve lessons to have kurdish in school , they deserve to have kurdish as a second language in east turkey . 
  i 'm strongly against autonomy though . 
  however , this should be done politically . 
  if you believe that modern turkey deserves to be terrorized by a bunch of savages because the state has done some mistakes in the past , then we can give up politics and leave the right to solve issues to the ones who are armed , instead of to the democratic representatives of the people . 
  here , the hdp and demirta\u015f could have been the solution . 
  but what did they do ? 
  they became the spokesmen of the savages , in our parliament . 
  i believe in democracy , and i believe that kurds should believe in democracy . 
  with terror , nothing will be solved . 
  a kurd within turkey wo n't benefit more from pkk attacks . 
  as a matter of fact , he might lose his house or his friends or relatives . 
  justifying terrorism is something i 'd not expect from a true european . 
  especially after all these attacks in the west . 
  maybe you can understand us , too . 
  read my other post in this thread and you might get it . 
  these associations are used to support the pkk financially . 
  that 's basically done with all associations , turkish leftist associations and turkish right-wing associations in europe . 
  that 's nothing new . 
  you seem to know nothing about this . 
  if you have nothing to add to a conversation , then keep your posts to yourself . 
  this is a serious issue , not a joke . 
  it 's because the kurdish diaspora in western europe consists mainly of separatists kurds of turkey . 
  this is where the pkk makes the money they use for terrorism in turkey . 
  they hide behind associations ( dernek ) and collect money for the pkk . 
  this is nothing new . 
  so you trust kurdish islamists more than erdo\u011fan ? 
  because there are for example the h\u00fcr dava partisi , the former kurdish hizbullah , which are islamists . 
  it 's never about culture . 
  it 's about propaganda . 
  they usually use this kind of events to collect money to support pkk . 
  in every thread . 
  they simply do n't and do n't want to understand . 
  kurds are not homogeneous , they never were . 
  as a matter of fact a huge number of kurds are still feodal , dictated by a\u0219irets who look after their own interests . 
  with the village guards , and barzani for example , there are many who oppose turkey 's kurdish separatists . 
  calm down , yorgo . 
  welcome to islam , brother . 
  apostasy is punished by death . 
  now pay your jizya you filthy christian . 
  according to surveys there are about 5 to 6 million atheists/deists in turkey . 
  and the numbers are only growing due to an oppressive regime deterring people from religion and young demographics . 
  source : konda, 
  the latter . 
  this guy was saying that erdo\u011fan supporters should be treated as enemy war combatants and be killed . 
  when i was referring to free speech and the right to protest he would dismiss my points . 
  then he comes here expecting turks he wants dead to assimilate into german culture . 
  coming from a guy who said he wants all turks to be killed who supported the pro erdo\u011fan rally in cologne . 
  you turcophobes are pathetic . 
  they are talking about legal residents , and even citizens , though . 
  turcophobes see this whole as an excuse to attack turks as a whole . 
  thank you for your service o7, 
  \\  germans should [ ... ] bomb america i wholeheartedly agree . 
  best year of my life, 
  something similar happened to turkish broadcaster star tv when they reported about youtube . 
  kick uk out of eu !!!!, 
  oh wait ... well , kick uk out of nato !!!, 
  the terminology you were looking for is abject poverty, 
  free speech , respect it , if you want to be respected . 
  clear your streets from terrorists before making huge demands . 
  who the fuck are you anyway you mug ? 
  why do you direct this at me ? 
  am i the leader of turks from germany ? 
  oh btw , read my flair and google kemalism you idiot before generalizing like a five year-old . 
  i am a grey wolf ? 
  do n't use terminology you 're not familiar with . 
  in your country people support openly terrorist groups , they protest with flags of terrorist groups without having to fear to be prosecuted . 
  and you have the audacity to go against people who support the turkish government . 
  what about free speech ? 
  if you have any issues with me talking to another person in my mother tongue , and therefore want me basically to get kicked out of europe , then there 's something wrong with you my friend . 
  have a nice day . 
  the funny thing is , people like you expect loyalty like your chancellor does from turks who were even born in your country , but are the first ones talking about ` kicking turks out of europe ' . 
  hypocrisy at its best . 
  i ca n't follow you . 
  why do you assume that my people are not turkish ? 
  there are enough resources available to learn the language . 
  there are still some counties on the west where irish gaelic is still spoken as a primary language . 
  just referring to the english occupation sounds like an excuse for not investing time into your knowledge of the irish language . 
  after all , it 's the language of your people , innit ? 
  i 'm just speaking in the language of my people . 
  can you speak the language of your people ? 
  got you , so \u0102 is like the azerbaijani \u018f . 
  what is the difference between a and \u0103 ? 
  is the last one ( narodna banka na jugoslavija ) macedonian ? 
  very similar . 
  azerbaijani sounds closer to central asian turkic , ours is a bit more modified i 'd say . 
  but the difference is that we have a few different words , they for example have some russian loan words , we have some french loan words . 
  so for example a team is in azerbaijani ` komanda ' , in turkish it 's either ` tak\u0131m ' or ` ekip ' ( equipe ) . 
  if one is aware of these kind of words then it 's easy . 
  i can understand azerbaijani turkish up to 90 % . 
  azerbaijanis follow turkish shows etc without any subtitles or dubbings . 
  anatolian turks have a harder time understanding azerbaijani though . 
  came to write this . 
  tfw we and azerbaijanbros betray glorious tengri . 
  let the people mourn and express themselves . 
  a similar situation happened when people protested akp after the soma tragedy leaving 301 workers dead . 
  the people protested the government and some got beaten up by erdo\u011fan 's forces .
