  let 's not forget that it would be a much better place without armenian nationalists as well . 
  those who think it 's okay to massacre azerbaijanis and displace 700k azerbaijanis and occupy their territory , but cry every time someone mentions turkey . 
  the world would be such a better place without muslims . 
  surprised to hear that . 
  turks actually are always straight forward but not racist towards blacks or asians . 
  and especially koreans and japanese people are loved in turkey . 
  saddam was a militarist who had controlled more than only 10 % of his people unlike bashar . 
  he had a much greater authority than bashar . 
  and he had allies in the west and in the east . 
  if america would n't have intervened , we definitely would n't have had the insurgency we have right now . 
  neither in iraq , nor in syria . 
  implying that those somali or libyan people who arrive at the shores of italy are actually economic refugees . 
  their countries are fucked due to war and instability , and they try to escape the situation . 
  economic immigrants might be people from romania or bulgaria who 've come en masse to germany , but not those people from north africa . 
  all i see is excuses brah . 
  you know saddam would have crushed them long before they could have mobilized during the iraqi insurgency . 
  damn brah , how many pints of guinness you had ? 
  now , calm down , and read the reddiquette and be nicer next time if you do n't agree . 
  but but saddam had weapons of mass destructions :(, 
  americans wo n't understand ... seriously . 
  thanks for the empathy my friend . 
  i wished i 'd see more of this kind of reactions . 
  why should we fight a war for others ? 
  i could imagine suicide bombings in \u0130stanbul , \u0130zmir , antalya , and especially the se anatolia . 
  this would lead to chaos in turkey . 
   pkk are n't `` nice guys '' anymore than turkish kurdistan 's military dictatorship and its backers were . 
  i do n't expect turkish nationalists to have a balanced view of the subject anymore than i expect a kurdish nationalist to , though . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  put the guinness aside , and start to read more about the conflict in se turkey which is not necessarily only a turkish-kurdish issue , but as well a socioeconomic issue as well . 
  kurds who alligned with leftists in the 60 's , 70 's and 80 's were fucked by the military , as leftists were . 
  the c\u0130a supported the 80 coup d'etat by the turkish military , because they feared turkey might become leftist and close to the soviet union during the cold war . 
  and everyone knows how much the us needed turkey , especially during the first gulf war , do you understand ? 
  now , the kurds were oppressed , that 's true . 
  but the se anatolia was and still is underdeveloped , which leads to people being supportive of rebellions . 
  on the other hand , the kurdish issue was fought by terrorists on a brutal way , a lot of villages had been completely cleansed because those locals would n't support the pkk . 
  the pkk was founded after more or less all leftist parties which were more leftist than centre left were banned . 
  officially they are the worker 's party of kurdistan . 
  if they would n't have taken the lives of 40k people , and i even believe that at least a third of them were kurds , turkey and se anatolia would be much more in harmony . 
  at least the retarded comments got downvoted here , while on / r/worldnews or on / r/syriancivilwar they would have been top comments , lmao . 
  lol, 
  so you 're saying the turkish should have literally intervened in the syrian civil war , and should have entered syrian grounds ? 
  you do realize this would be taken as a war declaration by assad and his homeboy putin , right ? 
  not much different in azerbaijan . 
  being ruled by the soviets for about seven decades left a big impact on religion in there . 
   muslim country lol , azerbaijan is more irreligious than some some countries in europe such as poland . 
  lol , u seem to have absolutely no clue . 
  continue to live in your bubble . 
  dude this is from fifteen years ago . 
  a lot has changed in turkey . 
  kurds always tell how they were supressed . 
  well , kurds used to be active in the 60 's , 70 's and 80 's among the leftists . 
  the leftists were targeted by the state . 
  this supression of leftists which includes kurds as well , because they were among leftists , was supported by the us . 
  they feared a more soviet friendly turkey . 
  then pkk was founded in the 80 's and started to separate turks from kurds which resulted in kurdish seen as the sign of separatism . 
  however the kurds like to act innocent , but my dad ( leftist ) and his friends have some stories to tell as well . 
  there is h\u00fcdapar , conservative kurds , for example . 
  not all kurds are leftists lol . 
  i know plenty of greeks who 've visited istanbul and they loved it . 
  i think that it remains part of greek history and culture but nothing more . 
  1453 best year of my life . 
  and baklava is turkish . 
  ankara \u0131s not east , it 's central anatolia . 
  but se anatolia is still undeveloped , it 's like istanbul and the aegean is first world , central anatolia and most of mediterranean and western black sea is second world , and east is third world . 
  no , ankara is the capital of turkey due to the partition of anatolia after the treaty of s\u00e8vres -  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a0/treatyofsevres_%28corrected%29.png the tbmm ( grand national assembly of turkey ) was founded in ankara by atat\u00fcrk and his companions . 
  do you see all these beautiful people going on the streets and demanding justice ? 
  getting wiped away by the police as if they were terrorists . 
  this is so sad to see , because these people have no power . 
  those who were detained were beaten and had to deal with a lawsuit in the aftermath . 
  tayyip , this year , increased even the power of the policemen , and yet conservative and religious people will vote for him . 
  he 's a killer & a thief , yet he 's our president . 
  this all did n't happen over night , this is all the results of a reign of more than a decade . 
  this whole issue can be overcome with education . 
  that 's the only solution, 
  maybe you and others reading this comment will understand that turkey will never recognize the so called armenian genocide . 
  edit : lol at downvotes , but please understand the logic . 
  i think that satire , comedy , music , movies are our means of expressing our critiques . 
  when i think of all the movies and songs in the 80 's , they had lots of leftist messages in them , considering the militarist rule by evren , there was no other possible way . 
  eg : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_vqj30rc_s, 
  http://i.imgur.com/dtgzbml.jpg ps : that happens so often because i have to switch between the turkish and english keyboard , and the \u0131 is on the spot where the i on the english keyboard is . 
  after some time i stopped giving a fuck . 
  i remember the issue around the second link you 've posted . 
  ms namazie is an ex-muslim leftist . 
  and when she wanted to hold a talk regarding the danger called islam , a lot of muslim students did attend the seminar which was held in a lecture hall , but all they did was trying to boycott it and plead on the uni as a ` safe haven ' . 
  as an ex-muslim and a left-leaning person i have to say we need more people like her , people with guts . 
  however all i 've seen coming from the uk regarding islam and islamism is truly scaring and deterring . 
  the most r\u0131d\u0131culous thing is that there are retarded people who 'd elect an islamist as a leader of students . 
  funny how she dodges the issue of the human rights situation in muslim countries . 
  good that the ussr themselves did many crimes , especially under stalin like the holodomor and the massacres and expulsion of crimean tatars, 
  they are syrians of turkish ethnicity . 
  a turk is one who holds the citizenship of the republic of turkey . 
  therefore every citizen of turkey is a turk . 
  and if he is of different ethnicity eg . 
  german , armenian , kurdish , then he is a turk of kurdish ethnicity . 
  got it ? 
  what about this ? 
  there are no ` kurdish ' cities within turkey . 
  there might be turkish cities where the majority of the population are turks of kurdish ethnicity , but those are still turkish cities . 
  the jews !!, 
  peaceful islam exposed at : quran 9:29 / 9:30 one thing ex-muslims like me and terrorists have in common compared to the ` moderate muslims ' is that we have read the quran in a language we understand .
