  especially this part shows why the turkish army intervened in cyprus . 
  i believe that there is still strong thoughts of enosis going on , i had this feeling especially when i saw apoel fans . 
  thanks for your honest input . 
  hey greek cypriots / u/cametosaybla , / u/antonia90 , / u/goriniha , just wanted to ask you how the perception is from your side ? 
  do you agree that a united confederation of greek cyprus and turkish cyprus is probably the best resolution ? 
  the people of cyprus lived apart for more than 40 years , i do n't believe that it makes any sense to basically make it the way it was before , as it was still divided back then but by villages and districts . 
  another question is : how much do greek cypriots want to be reunified with the turks ? 
  \u0130s there any different stance since the referendum of the annan plan ? 
   i definitely think that your claim ` would never recognize palestine as a state ' is just wrong . 
  you might say it 's unlikely germany will recognize palestine in the next few years , but ` never ' is quite a strong word . 
  well , you 're right . 
  but the cdu represents christian conservative values . 
  and german conservatives are pro-israel . 
   are you surprised by that ? 
  no , i 'm not , i 'm just saying what 's happening . 
  germany is definitely not approaching the issue of the israel/palestine conflict objectively . 
  they are pretty much on the same terms with the us in this case which are obviously very pro-israel . 
  the difference here is that the us politics are heavily influenced by the jewish lobby . 
   iran will sure try to put its own puppets to those little states . 
  they already do/did . 
  there was an iraqi shia turkmen group for example which declared they 'd fight turkey if the tsk did n't leave mosul . 
  not all the time do politicians represent the population . 
  the cdu is still the biggest party and will maintain like that . 
  merkel is definitely not pro-palestine , she 's pro-israel . 
  here ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqwtmtvgcvu ) she announced a few years ago her full support for israel against terrorism by hamas . 
   noone has any friends though , especially in middle east . 
  the shia alliance is stronk !, 
  except for that you might be right , but the hizbullah / \u0130ran / assad/shia \u0130raqi alliance are definitely not just temporary . 
  https://twitter.com/hucurat_10/status/677974216998821889 so progressive . 
  germany would never recognize palestine as a state . 
  they still feel some kind of guilt and obligation towards jews / \u0130sraelis . 
  erdo\u011fan made a speech regarding odt\u00dc ( middle east technical university ) students who were massively involved in the protests in ankara in 2013 . 
  he said about them ` they are atheists , they are terrorists , they are communists ' . 
  so i feel you brother . 
  sending my regards and support !, 
  it 's ours for a thousand years . 
  stay mad , you can cry as much as you want but you can not take our lands . 
  lmao, 
  too long did n't read . 
  anatolia belongs to turks , it 's our lands , your people should fuck off our lands . 
  of course when armenians massacre turks it 's defending , when turks massacre armenians they 're barbarians . 
  that 's why no turks wants to have anything to do with you armenians , and you can keep on crying but you 're nothing . 
  tell your people not to come to turkey , we do n't want to have you in our lands . 
  we could learn how to be peaceful like armenians are , you know , the ones that massacred azerbaijanis for being turks , and of course led to the displacement of 700k azerbaijanis . 
   eu members have both civilian and military aircraft , however . 
  yeah but they do n't represent the eu , they represent themselves and nato in the case of estonia for example . 
   we could , potentially , re-create that environment today . 
  not really . 
  russia is not a friendly country , keep that in mind . 
  they are more than a potential threat to any of the neighboring countries . 
  they may feel triggered by the nato expansion in eastern europe but trying to come closer to an aggressive russia would give wrong signals to russia and the states which suffer russian aggression . 
  \u0130t would be seen as that it 's okay that russia occupies ukrainian territories and bullies other states . 
  #banter i want to drink some ouzo with these guys , holy shit that 's funny . 
   remember that the eu has to fly near russian airspace too eu has no army . 
   subsidies for rappers lol , what the fuck is your gov doing ? 
  give the money rather to hardstyle producers , all of them fuckers are turning more and more to big room . 
  why are so many serbs against the republika srpska being part of bih but think kosovo should remain part of serbia ? 
  so you say that the republika srpska should not still be a part of bih because serbs and other bosnians do n't want to live together ? 
  do you think the same about kosovo ? 
  if the bosniaks make the rules for the whole of bih why is the flag of bih not the lilian flag ? 
  but i do n't as i explained here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3v4ent/bosnian_croats_serbs_unite_against_foreign_judges/cxkbhpu serbs and croats of bih do their best to work against a better bih although they all could profit of a better bih . 
  their nationalism is delusional and leads to nothing but depression . 
  i believe that cypriots , turkish or greek , should primarily identify on being cypriots and secondarily on being of greek or turkish origin . 
  that would be the first step for a united cyprus . 
  but i guess you did n't expect that view . 
  but they are not interested in a better bosnia . 
  they still , 20 years after the civil war , follow separatist dreams and do their best to prevent a better bosnia . 
  croats and serbs of bih are not ready to accept that the future is still going to be a bosnia consisting of serbs , croats and bosniaks , that 's the main issue . 
  look at ch for example , an italian swiss , german swiss or french swiss will identify as a swiss , meanwhile serbs and croats of bih will reject to call themselves bosnians , how delusional . 
  turkish aegean region : sipsi : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svhnydxqlqu and this is \u00d6zay g\u00f6nl\u00fcm 's ` yaren ' , basically three ba\u011flamas : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrhtui7rleq, 
  the video and the instrument are cool as fuck , but that 's a melody i have n't heard since my childhood . 
  does anyone else remember ` the wacky world of tex avery ' ? 
  it 's not because they 're kurdish , it 's because they 're alleged to pkk . 
  they are part of the kongra-gel . 
  because ypg is the armed forces of pyd , and pyd was founded by pkk members in 2003 . 
  that makes the syrian ypg pretty much the syrian branch of pkk . 
  pyd has also declared \u00d6calan ( the founder of pkk ) as their supreme commander and they also are a part of the kongra-gel ( legislative branch of pkk ) . 
  turkey 's primary aim is to topple assad at any costs , seconday aim is to fight isil and prevent ypg 's further influence in the region . 
  the original source is on the left side , it 's aa and they 're reliable . 
  poor secular freedom fighters , pkk din do nuffin , they fight isis :(, 
  but it 's irrelevant to the thread . 
  it 's not that there is any [ powerful ] country in this world that has n't done some fucked up inhumane shit in the past : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_slave_coast, 
   also i do n't want to have anything to do with people who vote for erdogan . 
  com\u0131ng from a country that has made berlusconi prime minister for four times , i 'd expect a bit more empathy on this . 
  ps : we secular turks do n't want to have anything to do with tayyip neither . 
  the irony that these russians protest turkey 's response to russian aggression in a turkic city which has been illegally occupied by the russians . 
  here demonstrated : how can i turn a joke into something which is irrelevant to the thread to make turks look bad . 
  you 're embarrassing yourself mate . 
  it was clearly russia that has done the act . 
  the buk was later seen in russia . 
  especially considering the amount of dutch citizens have died you should do your research and avoid rt for once . 
   but his party is a part of your government and of a liberal democratic party . 
  what kind of a liberal democrat is he ? 
   because they want to keep doing whatever they want . 
  [ russia right now ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7br4gd7esc ), 
  eesti bringing the bantz, 
  is russia led by a 14 year-old pmsing girl ? 
  but who was rationality ? 
   ~ ~ god ~ ~ allah help the russian people . 
  ftfy,
