anarchy !, 
  sport v. 
  sports ?!, 
  is that a thing ? 
  because it seems like a thing but i 'm not sure if i 'm just mishearing . 
  the science is there : http://www.walmart.com/ip/kraft-easy-cheese-cheddar-n-bacon-cheese-snack-8-oz/10292088, 
  what do you mean by post-culture ? 
  not that i agree with the person above you or anything , but those were n't corporations in the modern sense . 
  just the same name . 
  i live in the uk . 
  i 'm just american . 
  also , my wife 's czech !, 
  so vested interest !, 
  edit : and i speak latvian and russian fluently . 
  and i 've spent most of my adult life in europe . 
  and i have two degrees focused on european economics and politics . 
   ~ ~ capitalism corporatism ~ ~ ~ ~ poorly ~ ~ humanly applied capitalism, 
   ~ ~ capitalism ~ ~ ~ ~ corporatism ~ ~ applied capitalism, 
  but then they 'd have to cut their tank in three parts ... 
  that makes sense . 
  europe actually does tech well . 
  here 's a good article outlining some of it . 
  i worked at the u.s. embassy in holland . 
  it 's similar . 
  in amsterdam they have the typical services ; visas , marriage registries , citizen services . 
  in the hague they have they inter-country relations people . 
  while this includes some cia nsa guys , it 's mostly political/economic/judicial analysts who work on cooperation/discussion between the two countries . 
  it 's also not really a secret . 
  i 'm not sure that anyone , when they thought of it , would have thought there was n't nsa/cia people in the embassy , at least for cooperation . 
  joke my head . 
  look harder . 
  * money, 
  i 'd say they tried hard to make the baltics seem less developed . 
  i really feel like `` you 're a good guy . '', 
  ties it together well . 
  hradec kralove , czech republic, 
  i 'd say it 's more a metaphor for greece 's situation that anything . 
  exactly . 
  what is that all about ? 
  i do n't follow czech politics close/often enough . 
  edit : i mean , obviously it 's anti-islam , but how popular is this group ? 
  how well organized/respected ? 
  in a couple generations . 
  so i 'm currently in hk with my czech wife . 
  there was a guy standing near the train station having people sign a petition against muslims . 
  his booth had a silhouette of a mosque with a big red ` x ' through it . 
  it was the most ridiculous thing . 
  the turkish guy at the kebab shop nearby seemed nervous about it . 
  just have to stop by the atm first . 
  or in latvian : i-gaunija !, 
  awww . 
  look at little kostia getting all corrupt internationally . 
  so cute . 
  ( did i use it correctly ? ), 
  us too ? 
  guys ? 
  oh , i for sure agree with you . 
  i was just trying to give a voice to the counter argument . 
  i was thinking today about how most outside `` great powers , '' i.e. 
  russia and china , prefer to deal with an intergovernmentalist europe . 
  russia wants to deal with germany to determine ukrainne 's future because it is more powerful than germany , has leverage over germany in energy , and feels more like an equal . 
  to truly become a super power , or even a regional hegemon , europe needs a federal eu . 
  i was also reflecting on how the us is dealing with the eu as the eu ( for better or worse with ttip ) and dealing with individual countries for security issues . 
  i think the us wants a stronger more federal eu , but the reality is that it is , as a federation , too weak to deal with `` high politics '' issues using a single voice . 
  it also exists within nato , so we 'd prolly have your back . 
  to be fair , that 's one interpretation . 
  the other is , i think , called intergovernmentalism . 
  the eu is there to pursue member state interests and stops where member state interests conflict too much . 
  security policy is certainly one of the areas where member states disagree the most . 
  the baltics , for example , want a more aggressive ( ok , maybe defensive , but stronger ) security policy toward russia ... germany does not . 
  intergovernmentalism suggests that there will be no integration while these interests conflict so dramatically . 
  cowards amplifying their ignorant voices with violence , carnage , fear , and death . 
  fuck them . 
  there are no real battles ... and they 're sort of the only interesting thing about pokemon . 
  they 're all part of nato anyways . 
  who calls the shots there ? 
  certainly not small countries . 
  it 's weird how iconic the tramvajs is for me when thinking of latvia . 
  love it . 
  i think it originated as a quality of life for family members union concession , which is not the worst thing in the world . 
  the us gives preferences to family members of diplomats for certain jobs as well . 
  i think it 's a concession for them living overseas and generally not being able to work in whatever country due to language and other barriers . 
  people are getting on with their lives because nothing has actually changed yet . 
  same !, 
  though i 've only spent winters in riga . 
  easier to avoid the biting cold , i guess . 
  i guess i was in jelgava for part of a winter . 
  it was pretty rough . 
  i hear east latvija around daugavpils is the worst . 
  nis has better burek . 
  depends where in the supply chain you look . 
  also , if you consider the american startup scene as part of it there are constant layoffs and firings . 
  agree about pence , i 'd say . 
  seems like a classic social conservative . 
  i only say pence because he uses such hardline tactics that disregard human cost ( like his deal with hiv while governor ) . 
  other than that he seems predictable enough . 
  i do n't get the bannon appointment , other than trump believing that the group bannon represents got him into power , so he seeks to appease . 
  i doubt that ` chief strategist ' is much more than a title and a seat at the table ( no real defined responsibilities , similar to counselor to the president now -- though we 'll see , could be using it in the corporate sense cso ) , but even that seems dangerous to me . 
  i agree that mainstream rep/dem ideas are mostly fine . 
  i am skeptical that those who will advise trump/pass a great deal of legislation will be the mainstream , though .
