also , many of these new taxes are coming on the back of the irish bank guarantee , and while they 're implemented under the guise of better local services they 're actually used to pay of [ bad banking debts ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008%e2%80%9314_irish_banking_crisis ) that were n't our problem in the first place , not to the extent they are now anyway . 
  when you get the time , take a look at this talk and get back to me : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fdcbf4o-0s&amp;feature=youtu.be the point is that you have exactly no idea whether it 's a big or small regulation , because no one knows anything about it except for a small select group of people . 
  yeah but the point is if it 's behind closed doors , even from governments involved , then things like regulation could well be compromised when they should n't be . 
  i would n't consider regulation a minor issue . 
   what 's so bad about that ? 
  if ttip goes through it will set a global standard for trade determined by ~ ~ the west ~ ~ faceless corporations . 
  that 's not bad at all . 
  ftfy . 
  if the people do n't want compromise on things like regulation , then their government should be listening to that . 
  this is a nice straight forward talk on the possible implications : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fdcbf4o-0s&amp;feature=youtu.be, 
  i like you . 
  yes , she 's a politician . 
  happens all the time in ireland . 
  well , not all the time in these modern days of smart phones , but generally speaking it would n't be unusual , especially at the weekends after the pub . 
  he implied she was involved , or had some involvement . 
  is n't that the point . 
  it 's not the fact he asked the question , it 's posting it to twitter in the manner he did that got him arrested . 
  i wonder if muslim extremists in the uk have ever done anything similar and been arrested ? 
  just let me sell my house before it crashes for a second time . 
  haha !, 
  you probably do n't want to find yourself on a nightlink bus ( between midnight and 4am ) in dublin , ireland so . 
  ... actually if you do just pretend you 're at a night club and everything will be fine . 
  edit : an example : https://twitter.com/collieennis/status/628336166824230912/video/1, 
  well , i 've never been into spirits really myself oddly enough ( for an irish guy ) , i 've only just started drinking whiskey recently . 
  my friend got me this because he knew i was n't into whiskey . 
  you absolutely do not want to mix this with anything . 
  seriously , it 's sublime stuff . 
  i 'd normally only drink rum in the summer , as part of a cocktail of some sort perhaps . 
  not any more though , this stuff is amazing . 
  treat it like a whiskey , drink it like a whiskey . 
  but it 's so smooth , it 's nothing like the `` standard '' rums you 'd see on the shop shelves . 
  it 's epic , buy a bottle , i do n't think you 'll be disappointed . 
  i certainly was n't . 
  i had to go buy another bottle of cheaper rhum so i would n't keep drinking the stuff . 
  special occasions only , i ca n't afford to keep drinking it , no matter how much i want to :-d i 'm now thinking i might need to buy an expensive whiskey to try too . 
  if the difference between average whiskey and expensive ones is as big as the difference in this rhum and the average ones i 'll be well into whiskey too . 
  get a bottle !, 
  yup . 
  only discovered this recently , a friend bought me a bottle for my birthday . 
  to quote him , it 's `` the nectar of the gods '' . 
  it 's so , so , so good ... with a price to match . 
  worth it though . 
   oh and blood pudding is british thing , we only do bloodsausages . 
  it 's the same thing . 
  the same , delicious , delicious thing !, 
  i like the way your comment morphed into stargate all of a sudden . 
  this is the spirit : https://perehall.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/20131129_205941.jpg, 
  yeah probably , not by much though , and spirits do n't seem to be much cheaper ; but it feels too much like a chore then , less of quick weekend break . 
  we can get to germany in 5 hours on the ferry . 
  i 'm living in sweden atm , alcohol is pricy , so every 6 months we teh the boat to germany to stock up . 
  grand job altogether !, 
  it 's so friggin cheap in germany , we stock up for 6 months , spend a couple of nights in germany , and still end up saving money . 
  i still ca n't get over how a 1 litre bottle of baileys is only $ 14 in germany . 
  $ 24 for 24 500ml cans of staropramen . 
  ... nearly time for another trip . 
  i 'd imagine there 'll be lots of special offers on the ferries once this tax comes in . 
  poland also has one ridiculously terrible road coming in from germany . 
  crazy shit altogether . 
  yeah , both sides are assholes . 
  i 'm very left leaning , but globalisation is n't on my list of good ideas , not in its current form anyway . 
  i think this is a fundamental problem with politicians today . 
  they always try attach some slightly dodgy to important referendums like this ; people are sick of it . 
  cn you make it into a clickable map that opens the full image for each country when you click on it ? 
  i do n't think you even need a website these days though right ? 
  you can search peers directly for content on bit torrent clients these days . 
  so shutting down the ` face ' of torrenting does n't necessarily mean anything in the scheme of things . 
  well , without numbers it 's pretty meaningless . 
  how are they gon na beat magnet links ? 
  expensive ice-cream too !, 
  as best as i can tell he 's the only person making any noise about the bank bail out . 
  he 's also doing a good job of highlighting eu bureaucracy , and how ridiculous the system is regarding trade deals and the like . 
  check out some of his videos on youtube . 
  this works on so many levels . 
  exactly , he 's doing good work . 
  ming does sterling work . 
  he was originally a bit of a joke vote , but for the past few years he 's been more opposition than the opposition . 
  there are no areas of malm\u00f6 where the police do n't go . 
  i mean , i keep hearing all this crap about how sweden is `` ruined '' , usually from people in other countries i might add . 
  i have to say , i do n't see it . 
  i really do n't . 
  i still have n't recovered from that episode . 
  because then you 're part of the problem . 
  nothing . 
  at least i 'm hoping that 's the case . 
  free trade in europe right ? 
  the ability to do that is what will force companies to fall in line . 
  hopefully . 
  since there are no roaming fees now , and free trade in europe , ca n't we all just sign up to your provider ? 
  people are sick of the bullshit coming out of corrupt politicians mouths , hence brexit and trump . 
  people have rightly had enough . 
  these leaches need to be taken down a peg or twenty . 
  the internet has made established media obsolete , along with governments abilities to control the narrative . 
  we 're witnessing the dawn of a new era people , and it 's gon na get messy . 
  this is why there 's such a strong push to regulate the internet , because `` terrorists '' lol . 
  one of those involved in the manchester bombing was willingly featured in a uk documentary about terrorism for fuck sake . 
  it 's nothing to do with terrorism . 
  politicians ( in their current form ) are about to become obsolete , and they 're shitting themselves . 
  facebook is probably the biggest echo chamber on the internet . 
  you 're only seeing people you agree with . 
  sorry , that internet internet argument is bull .
