yeah , but money is an issue , so many people ca n't afford it . 
  if you ca n't access healthcare , then even the best healthcare in the world is meaningless , and no healthcare is pretty bad . 
  tell them you 're on antibiotics , or some other `` medicine '' . 
  people then just do n't ask . 
  it 's not that easy to take an entire orchard , liquidate it , and start growing something else the next year and expect to be successful . 
  it does n't really work that way , plus you lose a bunch of capital that 's tied up in apple trees , and you have to entirely retool your farm . 
  exactly , it 's not niche . 
  the apple market is a very mature and largely saturated market , and when you take into account it 's hard to transport and export agricultural products , it 's not that easy . 
  when poland loses an export market , it will have to cannibalize other polish apple businesses or eu apple businesses . 
  not great for the eu . 
  honestly , how much experience do you have selling apples ? 
  let 's have peace in ten years by starting a war now ? 
  \u041c\u0435\u0436\u0434\u0443 in bulgarian as well . 
  the commerce clause was used to help to dismantle segregation , formerly a state 's prerogative . 
  just to give you insight into the versatility and the power of the commerce clause . 
  i think the justification was something along the lines of segregation leads to less trans-state trade . 
  also the civil rights act was shoved down the throats of the southern states . 
  more than once , a governor or a local administrator would refuse to integrate public schools , and the president would call local federal militias to enforce integration despite the wishes of the states , governments , and politicians in question . 
  the eu has no real enforcement mechanism that ensures it 's laws are followed other than fines and refusing to allocate some monies . 
  i think you 're trivializing , or more likely , you 're just not acquainted with two centuries of political developments and traditions in the us . 
  you bring up the examples of fruit , and light bulbs . 
  the us congress can unilaterally declare drugs to be of no medical use ( schedule 1 drugs ) , despite evidence to the contrary . 
  there is a story that some court ( the supreme court i believe ) that declared that pizza is a vegetable , because of the sauce . 
  and the us congress can ban things like light bulbs , but more probably it 'll throw its support behind cfls through tax policy . 
  what did you fix exactly ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  thank you captain obvious . 
  the eu was right to have cancelled these payments . 
  nobody is holding the eu accountable for the failures of bulgaria 's politicians . 
  and honestly it 's really easy to say that from america , a country that has established democratic traditions and a fairly transparent/free-from-corruption government . 
  corruption is endemic , and it is not going to get solved any time soon , especially since we 've only ever had even a semblance of democracy for the last 23 years . 
  last march bulgarians protested and ousted the government in power . 
  when the next government came into power and tried to do some sneaky things , the people again protested . 
  daily . 
  and i believe they still are protesting . 
  the eu is a positive influence on the country , but the notion that we have received the amount of development funds from the eu that most people claim is wrong - most of our funds have been frozen . 
  by the way , it 's not a ** me ** problem ; i 've lived in the states for the last twenty years , and please do n't trivialize an entire country by using `` you '' . 
  i understand you were trying to do something funny with you/eu ; it was n't clever . 
  and just a friendly tip for the future , capitalization , punctuation , correct spelling , and apostrophes really would do your writing a world of wonder . 
  and the money we did get went straight to our politicians ' and their friends ' pockets . 
  i think a lack of economic freedom is a necessary but not sufficient condition for communism or socialism , or how ever you want to name what the eastern bloc had . 
  i do n't think so . 
  maybe in some dialect . 
  it can also mean task . 
  it can mean the same in bulgarian , but it also can mean a larger , non-trivial problem . 
  though it more of focuses on the need of a solution , as opposed to the challenge . 
  he 's a crook and a thief . 
  but i am not the national spokesperson for bulgaria ( hell , i have n't lived there since i was three ) . 
  but no i do n't feel sorry for him ; i probably feel nothing for him other than disgust . 
  do n't apologize for their stupidity . 
  a miserable country with nothing to lose and financial and logistical backing from the united states . 
  i mean yeah , israel 's human rights record is n't spotless , and neither is turkey 's , and they obviously do n't deserve eu membership ( hell , i do n't even know how bulgaria and romania got in ) . 
  but if they did improve , then i would consider turkey a european country , and maybe israel , because a lot of its population did live in europe for centuries . 
  that being said , to join the eu you have to first consider yourself european . 
  most israelis come from european countries or america . 
  azerbaijan , technically is in europe . 
  i 'm generally inclined for the eu to be as inclusive as possible . 
  that being said , israel and azerbaijan have enough problems each that their membership would probably bring more problems to the eu than would be acceptable to the other member states . 
  they already signed treaties concluding the whole matter . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm still kinda confused on what that entail exactly . 
  does mean there are police patrols ? 
  what about police ? 
  how will this be enforced ? 
  what does this mean to the local residents ? 
  does russian intend to continue their `` occupation '' ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  how did russia shift its border ; what happened ? 
  the article nicely omits that crucial part . 
  i think the catholic church just sees the eu as something representing what the catholic church preaches ( unity , peace , interconnectedness , blah , blah ) . 
  keep in mind that the catholic church wields little actual political power , and i doubt that it has the political incentive or might to actually think about dividing up europe to maintain any semblance of a theocracy . 
  also the vatican has enough money ( it even donates large portions of it ) and has a stable position in the world stage . 
  i do n't think you should interpret vatican support for the eu in terms of material benefits ( there might be some though ) but instead through coincidence of vatican-eu values . 
  english is known the world over by many millions of people , if you were to try to make latin a standard language over english you would be disadvantaging many people and trivializing the effort they put in to learn english , and future generations would be more isolated from the rest of the world . 
  when the eu project is implemented on a world-wide scale and we try to come together as humanity and the rest of the world is speaking english and europe is left with latin ... then what 's going to happen ? 
  english is contemporary language of science , economics , business , culture , etc. 
  latin is pervasive enough in english that the marginal amount of `` scientific aptitude '' ( i do n't know another better way of putting this ) is n't worth it . 
  plus then you make huge troves of cultural material inaccessible . 
  and then what ? 
  the next person is going to replace him and it 'll be same old same old . 
  [ insert joke about jews here ], 
  i figured . 
  and no offense taken . 
  nato 2 . 
  which country would do that ? 
  any sufficiently powerful country that is powerful enough to have a chance at successfully invading norway is probably already sufficiently integrated in global markets that the diplomatic and economic sanctions and cost of invading/occupying would probably hurt the country more than the benefits . 
  the money is in a sovereign trust fund , it can be moved around . 
  it 's not a pile of gold in a cave somewhere . 
  without norway , then norwegian kroner will be worthless . 
  why are you giving me an english lesson ? 
  i have lived in the states for 17 years ( not that you 'd have any way of knowing that ) . 
  and that was a comment composed in like 10 seconds . 
  yeah `` read into '' has that meaning as an idiom , but in this context it can easily be understood as delving into the literature of a subject area . 
  yeah , this is definitely an interesting thought , and something i will read into . 
  really interesting , i 've never thought it about that way . 
  you would n't happen to have the article ? 
  your point ? 
  your ancestors also fought hard to sell opium to china and maintain probably one of the cruelest empires in history . 
  that does n't mean anything today . 
  what did you do to fight for `` good workers ' rights and conditions '' ?
