  devaluation of labor is just an economic reality . 
  if a job is not going to go to a bulgarian in the uk , then it will go to a bulgarian in bulgaria , where the same work is even cheaper . 
  this is a phenomenon happening all over as previously impoverished economically inaccessible regions of the world are opening themselves up . 
  do n't blame the bulgarians , blame the people who are willing to sack and replace britons . 
  exactly . 
  bulgarians are educated people who are willing to work for less than a briton . 
  what ? 
  how ? 
  that 's a hyperbolic statement if i 've ever seen one . 
  i moved away from bulgaria when i was 3 . 
  i am much older now . 
  anyway , i do n't really have any regular contact with any one who lives in bulgaria , so i speak bulgarian that 's 20-30 years old . 
  so a lot of the new slang and grammar is lost on me . 
  i feel as if this is a phenomenon with a lot of the emigre from eastern europe . 
  or more probably we will end up with both . 
  for the same reason greece was allowed into the euro . 
  they joined schengen when there was a bunch of enthusiasm for the eu . 
  the monarchy is a declawed little cat ; it wields absolutely 0 political power . 
  the house of lords also has next to no political power . 
  the lion 's share of the power rests in the house of commons . 
  only they have the power to vote on and approve legislation . 
  the house of lords can merely delay the implementation of legislation . 
  all interesting reads , but these are indicative and reflective of the general culture of government ( the general philosophy of the government , how it reacts to perceived dangers , what it considers a danger , etc. ) . 
  writing down a constitution will change nothing . 
  the us has a written constitution and the government does the same stuff the uk government does . 
  the ussr has a constitution , but that was n't exactly followed to the letter . 
  i think what you 're proposing is a more fundamental change in the democratic traditions and culture in the uk . 
  things might not be written down in a constitution , but they are written into common law and judicial precedent . 
  that 's just the legal system of the united kingdom . 
  i 'm bulgarian and i live in the us . 
  other peoples of balkan descent here are so rare , that any chance contact with people from the balkans is cursory . 
  and to really immerse yourself in the community , you have to go out of your way for that . 
  now if only google can come up with a way for a government to download transparency , accountability , and democratic traditions from the internet . 
  baby steps though . 
  cyrillic was developed by st. kliment of ohrid ( which is now in macedonia ) and the saints cyril and methodius developed the glagolitic writing system , which is a precursor to cyrillic . 
  exactly , when i talk to academics , they make it seem like academia is just as full of dirty politics . 
  at best these scientists will serve some sort of advisory function . 
  open your eyes sheeple !!, 
  i also just want to add that even in small and ethnically homologous countries there are all kinds of dialects in all kinds of places and there are places where one village speaks one rural dialect , and the next village over speaks some sort of different dialect with different sounds . 
  up until very recently , comparing the speech of two people who live on opposite sides of bulgaria is like comparing the speech of people who live in washington dc to those who speak jamaican creole . 
  some people do speak funny bulgarian still ; my bulgarian roommate 's dad spoke this one provincial bulgaria , and i could n't understand him any more than i can understand nash tito . 
  i have met integrated people who are gypsies . 
  what would skin color have anything to do with anything ? 
  and i know a majority of them do n't lie and steal and beg and just live in their own self contained communities . 
  the ones who do lie and steal are exceptions to the rule . 
  and yes , i have worked directly with gypsies and have gotten to know some on a personal level . 
  yes they live vastly differently from the majority population , but i fail to understand how it 's conceptually different than the amish in pennsylvania or jehovah 's witnesses refusing to accept blood transfusions or vaccinations . 
  and they will start integrating when they stop being discriminated against and can feel like they are a part of society . 
  it 's obviously not that simple ( hell the communist governments tried their hardest to integrate them ) but i think it 's useful to remember that social issues typically have two sides . 
  dude , estonian aggression is a thing . 
  but luckily local political processes and self-determination were subverted in the central asian republics before they could become fascist obstructors of the glorious workers ' paradise . 
  `` we have some vague claims to your lands because the tzars ruled over them ... we btw are the opposite of the tzars . 
  jjjuussstt believe us . '', 
  not to rain on your idea , but gay rights are n't a particularly popular set of political views in bulgaria either . 
  `` which we did not start '' what about the invasions of the baltic states , finland , and poland ? 
  what kind of a question is this ? 
  this sub is meant to provide a forum for europeans all over the world to communicate in a civilized manner , not a forum where people can peddle their own racist , bigoted , and stupid opinions . 
  if you 're trying to get at the current greek economic situation , a better question would have been `` what are the policies that the greek government has adopted that caused or exacerbated the current economic crisis in greece ? '', 
  if not , there is no place in the 21st century for those kinds of questions . 
  the red army is not the same army that russian army that liberated bulgaria from ottoman slavery . 
  much of the latter either died in the first world war , emigrated after the revolution , or was purged by stalin . 
  and do you honestly think that the russian empire gave a shit about bulgaria 's independence ? 
  the only reason they supported the revolution was to increase their sphere of influence in the balkans ; since before the time of catherine the great , the russian empire has had territorial and political ambitions to dominate istanbul and the bosporus . 
  again , this monument is a piece of soviet propaganda that attempts to invoke strong emotions tied to fighting against the nazis , while at the same time distracting people from the political realities of the state . 
  that monument is a piece of soviet-era propaganda . 
  if it was totally and purely about soldiers who died trying to save the world from nazism , then there would be monuments commemorating the american and british soldiers . 
  bulgaria was not under any nazi occupation , severed its diplomatic ties with germany before the soviet invasion , never participated in operation barbarossa , did n't exterminate any jewish persons , and did not pose any strategic or tactical risk to the red army . 
  the soviets had no reason to invade bulgaria and to install a communist , soviet-backed government . 
  i also just want to say that the red army was n't much nicer than the wermaht or the ss , and that i have lost family because of the communist regime . 
  yeah i read it , and you 're right . 
  i guess i just would have liked to see the article go a little bit more in depth and talk about the other effects of the eurozone crisis on germany 's tax revenue , but whatever the entire world does n't have to indulge my little wants . 
  then the article should n't be using the word profiting , and it should 've instead stated it the way you did . 
  does this appease you ? 
  i was going more of towards lost tax revenue because of smaller trade opportunities in economically troubled countries because of the crises . 
  ( then yet , the cheaper euro is a boon for german exporters . ), 
  on paper they might have profited 41 billion , but when you take the externalities into account , i 'm sure germany has lost out on more than 41 billion euros . 
  i think you 're reading wayyy too into that comment . 
  guys , what started three months ago ? 
  summer . 
  a lot of young bulgarians go on `` brigada '' to western countries then . 
  this just means , that a bunch of teenagers and twenty-something-year-olds are working as life guards or retailers or some other low paying job to make as much money in a summer as their parents make in a year so they can afford to go to college or whatever . 
  they also have vastly different levels of economic development and entirely different social issues . 
  i do n't see how a union based solely off the idea `` oh we speak a similar language '' is more viable than the eu . 
  and also people study english now because it is the language of commerce and the lingua franca today . 
  french might be a better language , but that does n't matter . 
  as for `` before the ue , all the people in spain studied fran\u00e7ais '' post hoc ergo propter hoc . 
  this was more of directed towards the infeasibility of the eu just snapping its fingers and having all of our corruption dissipate . 
  and the problem is our countries are n't going anywhere , but the young , educated workers are going places that are n't bulgaria . 
  all good things , and all things that take years to cultivate in a society . 
  i 'm a bulgarian living in the states , so that 's how i 'm a little biased fyi . 
  i 'll try to address your complaints in sequential order as how they appear . 
  1 i would argue that the eu exhibits a democratic deficit because the individual eu states do not want the eu to have a public mandate , and be able to increase its power at the expense of the nation states . 
  the people who are in charge of the eu are career bureaucrats with minimal ambitions and that 's intentional ( i also think that it 's also something like a purgatory where you can exile politicians , but correct me on that ) . 
  the eu as an organization has only like [ 38,000 employees , and spends about 6 % of its budget on administrative costs . 
  ] ( http://europa.eu/about-eu/facts-figures/administration/index_en.htm ) additionally , the eu budget is slightly over [ 1 % of gdp . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union ) at least in my little opinion , i think that 's relatively efficient . 
  i 'd image some british ministries are much more `` bloated '' but that 's another topic . 
  2 i honestly believe that the political union brings some sort of stability to the whole of europe ( at least in the balkans ) . 
  that 's kinda hard to prove one way or the other , take that with a grain of salt . 
  free and sovereign nations can engage in free trade .
