you should try waving a nazi flag somewhere and see what you get persecuted on or atleast accused of . 
  isis are exactly that , genocidal nazi 's . 
  also they are a by law a terroist organisation in the uk , so that should be enough . 
  i hope the council investigates this on hate-crime charges or whatnot . 
  why are these flags allowed in the first place ? 
  was n't isis a terrorist organisation by uk law ? 
  siding with genocidal maniacs is a-okay apparantly . 
  and the plural of joop is a way to say boobs . 
  van jolen is fiercily against israel though . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm not really sure either what i am , i do n't belong to any political group . 
  i was more refering to the policy of seeing things that are nationalistic as bad , and evil . 
  in some places it is considerd that you are a nazi or a dirty racist just because you like to wear the national colours . 
  this used to be the case when i was growing up at least , and it seems to correlate with a lot of things that still happen today on that regard . 
  this is how i got to this comment , you do n't have to talk it word for word , it has nothing to do with white guilt or anything . 
  it just seems so odd to me that some people hate their own identity so much while benefiting from exactly that . 
  this in a time when a little collectivism could help us out a lot more , be goddamn proud at what the people before you accomplished , you probably live in one of the richest places of the world . 
  yet you ca n't be proud of that because some we are all children of the world bullcrap ? 
  this mentality has done a lot of hurt over the past few years and it is even dangerous in a time when our very freedoms are threatend by outside forces who try to dictate us . 
  you do n't stand a chance when you do n't even know what you are supposed to be defending . 
  because somebody told you it 's racist to think your country is great . 
  well , great . 
  people do n't realise what great countries they usually live in . 
  they take it all for granted . 
  but it 's pretty swede data . 
  fair enough . 
  do they really have to smash up shops for their own dumb battle ? 
  yeah , bad wording . 
  what ? 
  are you sure you are feeling alright ? 
  a counter-reaction to a problem caused by something miles and miles away . 
  no , please . 
  go away . 
  you are not doing anybody a favour bringing your conflict to another country not actively involved . 
  i edited my post again btw . 
  and i am sorry you think that , i am just stating my opinion . 
  no agenda . 
  no brigading . 
  i got better stuff to do then do something stupid like that . 
  the fact you accuse me of being a nazi , because i question a few ideals shoved down our throats for decades now does show the problem is there . 
  stormfront ? 
  i do n't want to do anything with those racists . 
  and if they gilded me , please remove my gold i 'm sorry that you have to put me into their league because i differ from your opinion and you have to use some nazi fallacy to try and win the argument . 
  but whatever , different opinions are n't reddits strong point , where everyone circle jerks to get points . 
  really ? 
  really ?!, 
  this is your grand argument ? 
  we have entire memorials to thank the brave heroes that gave us our freedoms . 
  we thank them . 
  quick , grab the fallacies to battle the arguments !, 
  racist !, 
  nazi !, 
  wow , thanks whoever did that !, 
  no , but your mexican wife is also culturally a lot closer than the people rioting here . 
  i have no problems with well-adjusted cultures at all . 
  i meant the muslim intregation kind . 
  maybe my words are misunderstood . 
  haha . 
  wow . 
  you seem be the one not listing or interested in answering the question . 
  weird how they ca n't abide to their own repeated riddle of : `` the extremist minority ruins it for the majority of good muslims . '', 
  `` do n't blame us !, 
  that 's racist ! '', 
  replace muslims with jews in this case . 
  jews from a country far away too . 
  sigh . 
  bunch of racists . 
  were they worth all this ? 
  because that is part of the risk-assesement . 
  so ... what positive things did we gain from this multi-cultural project again ? 
  what positive thing did we get that was worth all this trouble ? 
  somebody please tell me because i ca n't figure it out . 
  you should try going outside with a nazi emblem on your back . 
  yes , it 's all very complex and hard to understand . 
  hate crimes take a while to understand afterall . 
  just like we always have a well-balanced and sophisticated debate when there are nazis or other ` facists ' somewhere parading . . 
  while you figure out a solution to solve this , the racist crimes continue on and on and on right under your nose . 
  take your time . 
  the victims do n't mind . 
  i never understood why china does n't give more aid . 
  what the hell china ? 
  do n't worry , they are already coming to us with makeshift boats . 
  but guuuuuys , mein kampf is totally not okay !, 
  amazing , after all the anti-racism and pro-immigration propaganda we had to endure for decades , we 'll just let other people be it on our behalf . 
  phew , are n't we glad we kept the ` dangerous ' right out of politics , we ca n't tolerate racism after all . 
  wait . 
  this is what you get when the rather tolerant native population of countries are blamed to be racist , in education and in the media . 
  yet the immigrants are left out of such blame . 
  they do n't see anything wrong with being racist because nobody gets mad at them for being it . 
  you reap what you sow . 
  `` never again europe ! '', 
  said the immigration lobby . 
  europe needs a new polticial viewpoint . 
  the left has by now done more damage than any right party ever could 've done . 
  time for somebody else to try . 
  surprise !, 
  have a nice rolling should be a new thing . 
  nazi immigrants ... hmm . . 
  i see a dilemma for the left . 
  they came to germany to escape this very violence , then they bring it to germany ... amazing .
