  relocate after the guests you let in to let them escape violence on good will brought the same violence to your house ? 
  really ? 
  un-be-lievable . 
  yeah !, 
  i mean , the neo-nazi 's just use buddhist signs afterall . 
  but i thought you guys wanted to be multi-cultural . 
  these are the enriching new cultures !, 
  i think the serbs would be more willing to fight back if serb muslims would attack others . 
  you are n't seen as weak . 
  i think your muslims consider themselves more part of the culture as a whole . 
  but guuuys , the right is the threat to europe !, 
  guys !, 
  just for the investigation though . 
  you 're right , shooting a civilian plane is a fine choice the rebels made . 
  let them be . 
  you 're correct , nobody can have an opinion about something they are not involved in . 
  i 'm sorry belgium , lets never discuss anything ever anymore . 
  the people in charge know best . 
  would you shoot it out of a school yard though ? 
  both . 
  if nobody helps , i 'm done . 
  these are nothing but inhumane , cowardly barbarians , send in the commando 's , they are weaklings with old soviet gear , they will pose no threat . 
  look at the ` commander ' with his hat and cigar , are we supposed to be afraid of that ? 
  secure the site , and shoot everyone who dares to hinder the investigation . 
  not really . 
  and thus we will never , or atleast i will , never ever take them serious again . 
  along with the un . 
  act now or lose any credibility . 
  so , the eu is basically useless and incompetent at every level on this case ? 
  great to know it takes two weeks for them to solve the problem with retrieving the disrespected , robbed and rotting bodies of their citizens . 
  great to take that into account the next time they want to put a tax on us . 
  yes . 
  ofcourse . 
  this what our friendship is for , if you ca n't do that then please never knock for our support ever again . 
  you will lose every credibility , this also goes for the un . 
  shoot anybody who hinders the investigation , secure the site immediately . 
  the illuminati is n't robbing corpses at least . 
  thank you . 
  it is time for the international community to act . 
  right . 
  now . 
  and shoot anybody who dares hinder the proper disposal . 
  go play tough guy with 1970 's soviet gear somewhere else . 
  well then do n't shoot down a plane . 
  send in the army , and shoot anybody who hinders a proper investigation and disposal of the bodies . 
  enough is enough . 
  the un is n't competent to handle an actual problem . 
  they are more concerend with zwarte piet than something like this . 
  send a damn armed convoy and shoot anybody deciding they want to hinder the investigation . 
  we are not going to be intimidated by people waving 1970 's soviet union gear while smoking cigars . 
  they shot it down , they live with the consequences . 
  but this does n't happen , because talking is the way forward guys !, 
  meanwhile the corpses are decomposing in the heat , plundered and robbed . 
  cowards , nothing but cowards . 
  i 'm never taking any of these parties serious ever again . 
  this shows their incompetence when it comes to things that really matter . 
  look at the rebels , they are under geared , have big mouths with gear from the 1970 's soviet union . 
  are we really supposed to be intimidated by that ? 
  send a armed convoy and attack any rebel who hinder the investigation , they decided to shoot it down , they handle their own consequences . 
  those poor guys right ? 
  what . 
  it 's called catholic and not just christian for a reason . 
  where is the debat on : `` how did we get into this mess ? '', 
  these were the people who taught us that it 's not pc to say certain things . 
  think of that for a second when you defend their policies . 
  tell me what you want data of . 
  do n't worry everyone , our defence budgets have only decreased the last few years !, 
  i keep getting amazed how sweden is getting more ` progressive ' on those kind of things while the rest of europe has long gone passed that stage . 
  you truely are unique . 
  but ... we are their citizens . 
  so please protect us eu instead of just slurping money ? 
  thank you . 
  with the immigration numbers we have now , i think we are more heading towards the third world . 
  go away with your xenophobia nonesense . 
  if you really consider all the problems as emotional you are just delusional and/or part of the immigration lobby . 
  you are the reason we have these problems . 
  after all the problems we have faced , i wonder what we actually benefited from this multi-cult agenda ? 
  somebody please tell me , because the problems it has caused have never , ever been near the benefits . 
  and they say the right is dangerous , well , i do n't think the right could have ever done this much damage . 
  newsflash : white people live in europe . 
  now we ca n't have that !, 
  this article is really disgustingly biased coming from one of the worst countries imaginable . 
  blegh . 
  yet so many people will read it and believe it , especially around their own parts . 
  all you blurt out is fallacies that are not related to the current discussion , that 's very nice dear but they do n't affect me at all . 
  please go somewhere else if you can not handle freedom of speech . 
  the thing about these kind of comments is that are always taught how crappy some countries are , and that we should n't go to them . 
  but making their population migrate here is a-okay folks . 
  no ... ` other people ' would be free , you yourself do n't seem to want to change . 
  that 's censorship . 
  and reeks of fascism . 
  if low-births is the problem , maybe you should think about investing all that immigration money into supporting parenthood and stimulating having children . 
  this would 've prevented all these problems and be a lot , a lot cheaper too . 
  but hey , that 's not the multi-cultural dream !, 
  i said this before and i will say again , if ruthless immigration is justified because of low birth rates , maybe you should stimulate people having children then instead . 
  imagine where we would be if all the money put into immigration and intergration was put in supporting the possibility of having children instead . 
  apparantly they think that their country became clean and safe out of nothing . 
  that they were just lucky to be born there , so everyone is invited in to share that luck !, 
  because that logic is apparantly not valid on these kind of subjects . 
  i 'm trying to make a point for those people that usually say background does n't matter in crime etc , cause they are all swedish or whatnot .
