  and this hits them right in the face back at them . 
  the fat ones . 
  these are swedes , because they live in sweden and people 's background do n't matter . 
  right ? 
  i did not know the nazi 's had anything against black people though . 
  sweden is such a backwards country . 
  why are they in the eu ? 
  swedish culture sickens me !, 
  more people have suffered than just the jews and we are n't even taught about them till you research it yourself . 
  the uk likes to defend the overly racist minorities in the country . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism_in_the_united_kingdom#racially_motivated_hate_crime `` these statistics show that ethnic minorities are overrepresented as perpetrators of racially motivated crime . '', 
  well as a man once said : civilizations die from suicide not murder . 
  hating your self is the first step . 
  god forbid you are proud your country is clean and safe because your ancestors made it that way . 
  but ... we are n't supposed to look at ethnicity !, 
  everyone is a swede !, 
  everything in extremes is bad , so is immigration . 
  which in turn is n't as likely as just dying from being alive . 
  oh god we are all going to die . 
  i did not know sweden had such a backward culture . 
  what are they doing in europe ? 
  in certain aspects it is . 
  but better in others , such as defending ones culture . 
  for better or worse . 
  i predicted these events unfolding many years ago but people called me an islamophobe and a paranoid lunatic . 
  silly me , right ? 
  you can be sure the chinese wo n't make the same mistakes the brits made though . 
  they do n't hate themselves enough yet . 
  probably never will . 
  remember when the progressive left was supposed to help these people ? 
  fighting for the cause , as long as we do n't offend people outside our comfort zone !, 
  i totally get israel 's stance on this . 
  i just find it odd how little people seem to care that they do . 
  is israel a racist nazi aswell now ? 
  for a moment i thought somebody in berlin threatend his neighbors . 
  you know what 's weird , i never hear a backlash about this from the people who claim ` manspreading ' causes rape culture . 
  never . 
  that 's my point too , we 're basically solving problems israel is creating for us aswell now . 
  i 'm not saying israel should let them in , but why can they refuse and why ca n't we ? 
  `` why do n't they go to countries near them . '', 
  because of this people , because of this . 
  they tried that in brazil . 
  there 's a lot of crime and most people have very little in terms of a future but hey , they 're so diverse !!!!, 
  i understand , but i see a lot of posts that claim one of the reasons the refugees are welcome en-masse is to make up for the birth problem . 
  truely there 's better way to spend your money if that was the case . 
  good luck deutschland !, 
  imagine if they combined them . 
  more reliable ? 
  maybe if all the refugees were highly educated foreign expats maybe . 
  we 're still paying for the migration that happend in the 70s you know . 
  have you seen the unemployment ratio ? 
  to all the people who claim refugees can fill the demographic gap . 
  imagine if but a fraction of the money this problem will eventually cost germany ( i mean , if you allow in so many refugees like germany does , it 's not going to stay at just 10 billion ) was instead spend on stimulating the possibility of having children instead . 
  filling that gap really is n't the aim here . 
  not oppressed enough , denied !, 
  i remember a serial-rapist case where he was stabbing and raping but the media were told to be hush about it . 
  to not cause tension . 
  so i do . 
  let me tell how much propaganda they spread by showing you this propaganda !, 
  - you, 
  damn what a racist bunch over here , this is the true diversity you people always talk about !, 
  welcome to the real world . 
  oh yes indeed , i say we relocate a lot of them to exactly those neighbourhoods . 
  that is true diversity !, 
  and beside that , why do n't we give all the new asylum seekers a scholarship on one of those fancy private schools ? 
  they always love diversity aswell , so they 'll have no problem accepting it !, 
  not all nukes are missles . 
  especially russian nukes are n't . 
  hey now we want a strong currency but without all the pain !, 
  that 's on them silly germans !!!, 
  `` silly racist , no problem will ever come from this ! '', 
  -30 years ago, 
  nah , we should direct them all to the neighborhood were people were/are most likely to vote in favour of such policies . 
  win/win !, 
  okay buddy . 
  you said he was wrong about ` the leftists ' but you truely know the real agenda of all the conservatists . 
  except they are n't evil nazis now . 
  because brown and anti-immigration confuses the progressives . 
  you put ` the leftists ' in parenthesis to try and debunk a ` silly , look at them ! ', 
  conspiracy , but then talk about a conspiracy of conservatism . 
  mhm . 
  what a racist , morocco seems to have an ingrained culture of racism at heart . 
  this needs to change immediately for morocco to be truely progressive and free . 
  untill then we will broadcast this evil statement around the world to show how nazi they are . 
  a good attempt , but not the same thing . 
  how many people on these boats looking for a better life are syrian or lybian ? 
  and how many of those are fighting in refugee camps ? 
  looking for a better life seems to be the key here , they do n't want to end the root of the problem , they want to escape it . 
  that 's how you keep countries in the shitter . 
  well i said this before if they really wanted to stop the conflict they should fight their opressor . 
  they 're mostly young men , come on now , fight . 
  no , the mentality they have is what causes it all . 
  still belgian . 
  jokes on you . 
  calling something communism is stormfront now ? 
  maybe you 're the extremist here . 
  that 's deep . 
  germany never changes . 
  it still feels the same way like it did when i visited 10 years before . 
  it 's weird .
