so here is a huge paper about the issue : i 'm not going to dissect a `` huge paper '' in detail myself , especially since i 'm not an economist . 
  according to wikipedia politeia is a `` right of center think tank '' , with a rather unimpressive list of credentials and the author of that `` paper '' , a `` barnabas reynolds '' , does n't seem to be doing much other than writing a few pro-brexit opinion pieces in various tabloids . 
  not impressed mate , give me something better . 
   even while the uk was a full member of the eu , protectionism from a couple of very key players has made the single market exist only according to shifting political whims . 
  you 're exaggerating . 
  you are right that in many areas countries try to force their own national position , but the uk was chief among those with countless exceptions being made for them . 
  btw , deutsche boerse 's hq has n't been in frankfurt for some time . 
  not an important fact but goes to show how accurate your information is . 
  in any case , we should probably wind this down , it 's just the two of us now . 
   many eu regulations are designed for competition within europe , but ignore that london needs to compete with world finance hubs like hong kong and new york . 
  regulations like ... ? 
  i 'm not being facetious , this is exactly the kind of rhetoric that brexit proponents used without ever properly backing it up or giving only incomplete information . 
   for example the ( highly political ) blocking of the lse - deutsche borse merger that was more or less a direct result of brexit , and brexit makes future mergers less likely than before . 
  not a good example for brexit opportunities . 
  what would that be ? 
  i 'm beginning to feel your point is more about the exceptionality of london and less about the effects of brexit . 
  nobody is talking about london becoming a wasteland , more like a 5-10 % downturn , which would definitely be felt . 
  brexit wo n't reverse the trend of people moving to cities and of large cities becoming larger , but it makes london less attractive for certain kinds of business . 
  i 'm actually surprised . 
  economically london 's greatest asset is the financial district , right ? 
  that 's got ta take a hit , even if it 's a slight one , once the uk is out of the eu . 
  the rural areas , on the other hand , could benefit from previously unavailable protectionism , on agricultural imports for instance . 
  the price for such restrictions would be paid by the consumer , e.g. 
  the people of london . 
  at least that was my ( perhaps overly simplistic ) understanding . 
  poor you , you 'll be forever trapped in that bubble ... 
  i never said trump was racist , do n't get triggered so easily ... 
  he did n't say that things have n't been as bad , only that someone that extreme has n't been elected . 
  somene advocating racism in the 50s is less extreme than someone advocating racism today , times change . 
  fdr was definitely racist , yet he was without a doubt a more moderate president than trump . 
  the closest thing to trump in the western world is probably berlusconi , but the damage he caused was mostly to italian pride and he got out soon as things got dicey in the financial crisis . 
  is that the best conservative `` intellectuals '' can come up with ? 
  `` trickle down '' obviously refers to the idea of cutting taxes to trigger economic growth with the hope that everyone will benefit from that growth . 
  so , tax cuts = giving money to the rich . 
  increased wealth for everyone = trickle down benefit . 
  the fact that people advocating for tax cuts do n't actually call their theory `` trickle down '' does n't make it a lie . 
  again ? 
  when does luxembourg ever get mentioned ? 
  and most of your `` economy '' does come from your banks `` funneling money '' , so he 's right . 
  does n't mean that you 're responsible for the problem , just a symptom . 
   anyone who does n't like her believe she 's fair game because she 's guilty of those anyways whether that is true or not , the ep not lifting immunity would be a bigger deal , irregardless of who it is . 
  the reason why the immunity exists is to prevent the executive ( law enforcement ) from hindering the work of the legislative ( ep ) by just locking its members up , independent branches of power and all that . 
  so if they deny lifting immunity they 'd be implying that she 's being pursued for political reasons . 
  they do n't make any judgment whether she 's guilty or not . 
  well , let 's start with the fact that germany is n't occupying france anymore and go from there ... 
  why not just say vichy regime then ? 
  afraid someone will call you out on how ridiculous a comparison that is ? 
  yeah , just noticed , sorry about that . 
  he was n't referring to the ecsc apparently . 
  alright then , what is it ? 
  i 'm dying to know . 
  i 'm confused , your remark above only makes sense sarcastically , so you 'd be implying the eu is a bad thing . 
  that 's not exactly a widespread belief and contradicts your flair . 
  what am i missing ? 
   like back then when the german government tried to ban `` unsolvable encryption '' . 
  i do n't remember that , what are you referring to ? 
  what are you referring to ? 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about , we crawl back in our `` safe space '' when an issue of a french satire magazine gets published ? 
  i seriously do n't get what you 're saying here , elaborate please . 
   poland on the other hand rebuilt your heritage sites in almost every town we received from stalin . 
  makes you think . 
  oh good lord , are you for real ? 
   calling someone an idiot in a debate means you lost a debate you know ? 
  nah , just means i think you 're one . 
  your answer to my attempt to make you understand how dangerous and ignorant it is to just think in terms of `` you did this to us , now you must pay '' was basically `` i do n't care , you must pay '' . 
  my patience is n't limitless and coincidentally it ran out just now , bye . 
   it is how much you owe poland , not how much you paid . 
  right , it 's apparently some polish calculation , it did seem a little high , but the point stands , reparations have been handled . 
   facts are simple : you have to pay for what you did , we do n't care about you being hurt in a process of hurting us . 
  alright , then i 'll make it simple for you too . 
  you will never get more reparations . 
  your country has succeeded in making that an issue where germany and poland are opposed instead of working together and no party here will make concessions to some populist nationalist parliament of yours . 
  you know why your heritage sites and cultural landmarks are still in disarray and we somehow managed to rebuild ours ? 
  because you prefer wallowing in self pity instead of doing something about it . 
  reality does n't reward whining and neither will we . 
   what you claim is that if i punch you in a face we are cool , because my hand hurts as well . 
  you do n't get it and you probably never will . 
  good thing is that your idiocy is coupled with incompetence so you wo n't be able to single handedly threaten european peace . 
  because war sucks and everyone involved loses . 
  yeah , you 're foaming at the mouth being mad at germany , and you do n't realize that it 's those exact sentiments that caused the destruction in the first place . 
  our cities were bombed to ruins as well , most heritage sites and landmarks had to be rebuilt in some fashion . 
  the difference is that we were the aggressors . 
  apparently that 's all the difference you need and we need to be responsible for all the destruction caused , but the real world does n't work like that . 
  in the real world there is very little difference between you mourning your heritage sites and i mourning mine , neither of us was involved in the war , even my ancestors were barely involved . 
  how do you think i 'd react if my country 's economy was stifled and i lost my job because we had to pay reparations ? 
  how do you think ww2 got started ? 
  that said , there have been substantial reparations , $ 525 billion [ according to wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_reparations_for_world_war_ii#poland ) , but i 'm sure you 've been fed some reason why that does n't count . 
  got ta keep up the narrative . 
  do n't forget that we stole your girl and probably your job too . 
  `` we hate you and accuse you of causing all our problems , why wo n't you give us what we want ?! '', 
   as i already mentioned in yet another comment poland had nothing to do with the fate of eastern prussia . 
  [ ... ] as for rest of the territories east of the oder it 's not like poland and poles were happy about trading you 're not getting the point . 
  those territories had been german ( in some form ) for hundreds of years , you of all people should understand that such sentiment does not die easily . 
  there is n't any rationality behind it , it 's just nationalism , and instead of fanning those sentiments in some attempt to get votes ( like pis is doing ) we 're working against them . 
   it 's not exactly a thing some , especially older people , can get over easily . 
  i 'm not worried about older people . 
  those who experienced the war or its immediate aftermath have all the right to carry grudges . 
  what worries me and ticks me off are younger people embracing nationalism so they can avoid facing their actual problems . 
   you invented new kind of war , so we invented new kind of butthurt that will last until you pay . 
  okay , that 's pretty funny .
