  i do n't want them to turn up to some publicity stunt just because juncker wants cheap applause . 
  seriously , every time i see that clown i marvel at the fact that he has as much power as he does . 
  has he ever won any election outside luxembourg ? 
  you 're making it sound cheap and fake and that 's just really inaccurate . 
  the amount of thought , effort and resources they poured into getting it as right as they could was considerable . 
  the plans were based on the originals in 1720 , they scoured archives to find the exact tone of color that was originally used in the paintings etc. 
  in fact they got the colors of a figure in a painting on the interior of the dome wrong so they removed the plaster and redid the whole thing . 
  the idea that they would use plastic windows or paint on decorations is ridiculous and disrespectful . 
  incidentally i ca n't find any reference to either of those statements , anywhere . 
  you do n't have to feel awe , but perhaps a little less arrogance . 
  you think [ this ] ( http://www.jpalik.com/3-architecture/historic/frauenkirchedresden/slides/the%20frauenkirche%20dresden%20germany%20 ( reconstructed % 201993-2005 \\ ) -3500 . jpg ) is n't baroque enough ? 
  yeah , i got their quarterly earnings , and not even for any quarter of 2016 ... 
  i do n't even know which quarter that was . 
  yikes , talk about bad sourcing . 
  sorry about that . 
  it 's within an order of magnitude though !, 
  they 're appealing the case , as they should , but if the fine stands they will pay it . 
  eventually . 
  what 's their alternative ? 
  stop doing business in one of their primary markets ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i doubt that actually . 
  they were fined for favoring their own shopping comparison services and their profit * overall * in 2016 was about $ 7 billion . 
  i 'm fairly certain that shopping comparison placement on their searches does not account for over 30 % of their profit . 
  we 're used to seeing large sums of money in the news , but $ 2.42 billion really is a * lot * of money , even for a corporate giant like google . 
  this is n't just a slap on the wrist . 
  to be fair , i 'm not entirely opposed to hanging juncker either . 
  i bought a phone a few months ago and i can damage my hearing just fine . 
  are you sure it 's not just your phone ? 
  as an appeal to human dignity . 
  they 're people , they can not * be * `` illegal '' . 
  as i said , words matter . 
  giving someone the shorthand `` illegal '' allows you to dismiss them more easily without considering the fact that they are n't all that different from you or i. 
  same goes for labeling someone `` nazi '' btw . 
  thanks for demonstrating my point so perfectly . 
  alright , find me a group of people that literally say `` we should open our doors and take in every single person from the me , asia and africa '' . 
  i 'm not talking about something that you may * interpret * that way , such as `` we should help all asylum seekers '' etc. 
  i 'm talking about the nonsense he claimed . 
  words matter and people here distort the world views of others so they can lean back and say `` crazy , huh ? '' . 
  it 's much harder to honestly challenge your position than to dismiss your opponents as lunatics . 
  i absolutely guarantee you that there is not and has never been a large demonstration in any german city where any significant portion of the participants want a majority of the world 's population to come here . 
  it is also absolutely bs , do n't believe everything said on the internet ... 
   britain will get to decide it 's own laws and who enters its country in the future . 
  get to make their own decisions . 
  you may not like it but there is a logic to it . 
  i wonder how much of that feeling of independent sovereignty comes from you being on an island . 
  nobody can pretend to know the future , i suppose it 's not technically impossible that the uk manages to separate cleanly from the eu and cut off all major influence without entering a complete economic disaster . 
   if you immediately ( and indefinitely ) detain rejected people that would already be a massive change in incentive . 
  again , you can pretend that something like that is an option , but it 's not going to happen and to me that makes your argument as useless as me pretending that unicorns are a solution to poverty . 
   all these ` new germans ' and their children would in the future be deciding over my & everyone 's future in the eu . 
  i do n't want that or them . 
  so you silence your own voice in that future , well done . 
  you 're kidding yourself if you think it wo n't pertain to you anymore . 
   the issue is not providing the cake that makes these migrants come in the first place . 
  now you 're being disingenuous . 
  you can afford to act like there 's some magic `` not providing the cake '' - option , as if nobody had thought of that before , because you do n't have to face the actual choice . 
  they 're rescuing people because they have no other choice . 
  the migrants have proven that they are willing to risk death , so if you do n't rescue them you 'll have a never ending stream of stranded corpses . 
  you sound like you 'd be fine with that , but luckily the general public is n't . 
  if the eu countries had centralized border security early on and given it the necessary mandate , we would have partnerships in place that would enable us to return migrants to the country/continent they set out from , which is exactly what they 're trying to accomplish now that the problem ca n't be ignored anymore . 
  the reason for a lack of eu action on the border had nothing to do with bureaucracy . 
  the most powerful countries did n't have an immediate stake in it , so they just ignored it . 
  can you see the headline in british newspapers ? 
  `` we 're already paying for our own border , why ca n't they ? 
  '' , `` we ca n't fund the nhs , but we can pay for greek border protection ? '', 
  it 's stuff like that that kept british ( and german , french , etc ) politicians from making a necessary commitment . 
  do n't blame the eu institutions , they would 've been just fine with handling increased integration of security . 
  also , the fact that germany `` let them in '' neither makes them german citizens nor does it grant them the right to travel to great britain . 
  some of them eventually , sure , but that 'd be a rather cumbersome way of entering the uk , would n't you say ? 
  i suppose in some dim ukip dystopia mainland europe may eventually become an extension of north africa , but let 's be serious here . 
  putting the responsibility mostly on the shoulders of the countries at the eu border was one of the main reasons for the mess in the first place . 
  had countries like yours and mine been a little less small minded and made securing the eu border a ( properly funded ) eu responsibility , this would n't even be an issue now . 
  that said , brexit wo n't help you in that regard anyway . 
  you are already able to protect your borders against illegal immigration and legal immigration from the eu has n't really been a problem and was unlikely to become one . 
  north korea is actually a [ signatory of the paris agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_agreement#parties_and_signatories ) and they 've ratified it too . 
  silicon valley really is n't the problem though , boycotting them ( as difficult as that would be ) certainly would n't accomplish anything positive in american politics . 
  eventually maybe . 
  shared financial accountability needs to be there before debt is shared . 
  you can absolutely sue them for the cost of washing some paint off that statue if you want . 
  haha , you are literally being paid to keep them away from europe , humanitarian my ass . 
  that 's actually one thing where you can accuse europe of being hypocritical . 
  it 's really not that complicated . 
  activists have the right to demand they stop being barbaric and they have the right to be barbaric , whatever consequences that entails . 
  your idea of separating domestic and foreign does n't work , especially when it 's about the hunting of animals that travel the globe . 
  and your example , as nonsensical as it is , does n't work either . 
  of course they have the right to demand we criminalize homosexuality . 
  we wo n't care , but they can still do it . 
  not adopting the euro requires unfavorability in the polls forever , while adopting it only requires favorability once . 
  it wo n't happen soon , but it will happen eventually . 
  they are obliged to join eventually . 
  for example as soon as public opinion in sweden is favorable of the euro they 'll hold a referendum and adopt it , which is ( likely ) eventually going to happen . 
  if you 're happy with those conditions ... alright then . 
  i was with you , until this :  never has an article so blatantly exposed the german attitude of using the eurozone as a vehicle for its interests . 
  it 's stunning , actually . 
  the article was written by the author , not the country he 's from . 
  he represents german companies , specifically those involved in foreign trade . 
  of course he 's not going to seek the fault in those he represents , congratulations for that revelation . 
  are we going to talk to welsh fishermen next to see what enlightening ideas they might have concerning eu regulations ? 
  really , that assessment says more about you than about us . 
  you could read a hundred sensible articles and you choose this one to `` expose '' our true intentions ?
