  also kinda sad though . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  he 's acting president of the european council . 
  and a pretty good one i might add , but that 's probably because we installed him , right ? 
  that 's the nice thing about conspiratorial world views , they confirm themselves . 
   $ 845 billions remember ? 
  i do n't . 
  probably some bs resolution from your nationalist parliament ? 
  i 'm sorry if that 's news to you , but ww2 reparations have been settled . 
   you ca n't just wreck your neighbour and then give him shit for being mad at you . 
  you left out the fact that three generations lie between the first and second part . 
  got ta stop being mad at some point . 
   problem is that history of the war and the atrocities lives longer in memories of those who were subjected to them and their descendants than in the minds of perpetrators and their children . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't buy that . 
  this is n't something that `` happens '' to you , it 's a sentiment that you 're in full control of . 
  do you think it 's easy to just accept that eastern prussia was essentially annexed ? 
  we are pushing back against the idea that these are our ancestral lands and we should have them back . 
  not necessarily because the prerogative is wrong , but because it only begets conflict . 
  it 's reasonable to expect you to do the same and be a little less `` touchy '' on your history in the interest of a better conversation moving forward . 
   but basically i feel that the problem is not that pis is anti-german , but po was basically german-controlled . 
  thank you for illustrating my point perfectly . 
  do n't play ignorant , you know exactly which ones i mean . 
  pis has repeatedly used anti-german sentiment to push their agenda , and you guys are reliably falling for it . 
  i do n't hate you , i 'm just annoyed with the constant yammering . 
  you , however , still seem to hate us . 
  there is no established political party here that has as any part of their platform any resentment toward poland whatsoever . 
  in fact , the last remnant of those wanting restitution for the prussian territories has basically vanished with erika steinbach leaving her party . 
  you guys , however , continue to elect populist parties with anti-german undertones . 
  we return polish art when we find it , we have no `` warsawka '' , if you catch my drift , and you still whine about it . 
  you 're making it really hard to feel any sympathy for you . 
  oh poland , the eternal victim . 
  lots of art was plundered in both our countries , do you really want to compare them ? 
  you may not like the result . 
   the eu has no place trying to undermine that you 're not making an argument . 
  the eu is more than a free trading bloc and it is intended to be more . 
  you think it should n't be more ? 
  well , then make an argument . 
   it 's not free trade , but trade . 
  big difference . 
   does free trade necessitate agreeing with your potential trade partners ? 
  to a point , yes . 
  free trade is n't just `` i wo n't put tariffs on your products '' , it usually involves the freedom to invest , to buy companies , to build factories etc. 
  saudi arabia can do some of that , but not freely . 
  your idea of being able to cleanly separate culture , trade and social affairs does n't work . 
  ever been to mexico ? 
   the eu 's ultimate desire for one dominating ideology to bring together all european countries . 
  evidence ? 
   the eu should only exist to ensure europeans do not war against each other again and free trade . 
  it should have no business and no influence in a nation 's social affairs . 
  how would the eu `` ensure europeans do not war against each other '' ? 
  with an army ? 
  and what does `` social affairs '' mean ? 
  what if some country decides that homosexuality is illegal , that children can work and that the age of consent should be 12 , do we really want a country like that in a free trade zone ? 
  can you give an example of the influence that the eu is having on your country 's social affairs ? 
   austria can boast about being really good at classical music because of mozart and similar . 
  they could claim a rich musical heritage , but not that they 're good at music because of it . 
  not that it matters , in this case the objective is clearly math competency among students , hence the average matters . 
  maybe pisa is n't the best way to measure it and probably there are legitimate reasons for educational problems , but you wo n't solve them through denial . 
   i simply was trying to make the point that they are not as representative , as they may seem on first glace . 
  so you think the best person in math in your country is more representative than a score based on average performance ? 
  you 're not making a very strong case for your country 's intellect my friend . 
  yes it is . 
  and you 're not helping . 
  this seems a strangely editorialized article by reuters , why would this be related to trust in the euro ? 
  the gold stockpile has a strong symbolic function for stability and independence and keeping it stored in places abroad weakens that . 
  when our highest bank officials have to wait for months before being granted access to their own gold it begins to feel more like owning a piece of stock in some abstract gold pile and not the actual thing . 
  that discussion was being held for the last decade and is only superficially related to trust in the euro . 
   ever wondered why they go crazy over ` fake news ' ? 
  i know why , it 's because of this :  ` democracy ' is anyway de facto oligarchy . 
  ignorance and stupidity . 
  you 're right that we should require evidence to validate our views if we want to have the `` factual high ground '' . 
  problem is that you will never get that evidence for cases like this , and if you do there are a hundred others . 
  it 's much much cheaper to pay a few poor suckers to hold some signs up than to send a reporter over there to dig around . 
  fact is that russia has financed the perpetuation of at least some hoaxes and they have at least attempted to mislead and manipulate online conversation on a somewhat industrial scale . 
  that 's what we know for sure . 
  i 'm sure they 're not the only ones who have realised that online interaction is surprisingly easy to manipulate on a large scale , but in this case it 's fairly obvious who the perpetrator would be . 
  skepticism is good , if you still accept the simplest solution that makes the most sense to be the likeliest . 
  nah , it 's usually different people . 
  you 're right that you ca n't please everyone , but you do n't have to be melodramatic about it . 
  and arguably the public health issue outweighs the other . 
  not because the environment is less important but because the difference between gas and diesel for the environment is basically negligible , while diesel pollution ( among others ) is causing [ significantly reduced life expectancy ] ( http://www.news-medical.net/news/20170703/study-increase-in-air-pollution-cuts-victims-life-expectancy-by-9-11-years.aspx ) . 
  one of the better explanations so far !, 
  nah , you 're making it sound more than it was . 
  it was a review * of * the maltese presidency , not the progress made during it . 
  you can watch it [ here ] ( https://tvnewsroom.consilium.europa.eu/event/2017-maltese-eu-presidency-160be/review-of-the-maltese-council-presidency-part-1-17ceb ) . 
  want a summary ? 
  brexit bad , europe strong , not everything black and white . 
  tada . 
  i have no idea what `` immigration issues '' you 're talking about , are you really interested in rehashed talking points ? 
  anything important on that issue is being done behind closed doors . 
  as it should be , or it would n't get solved . 
  i 'm not denying that juncker is apparently an important figure , i 'm just wondering why . 
  and while he was there he also said `` i will never attend a meeting like this again '' . 
  while whining about low attendance . 
  i wo n't miss him . 
  i do n't know what line of work you 're in , but most places i 've been to offer a lot of optional presentations and semi optional meetings . 
  if i went to every single one of those i would never get anything done . 
  i go to the ones that interest me and make excuses for the rest . 
  not because i 'm lazy but because i want to get shit done . 
  comparing companies to the eu parliament may be naive , but i 've never worked there and i only judge by what i know .
