  while the city is full with old ( and beautiful churches ) i think it is safe to say that in vienna a lot of people are without religion . 
  as someone raised without god i do n't feel like religion influences my daily life at all . 
  rural areas on the other hand are stuck in the past and i while beautiful to visit or spend a weekend there i could never imagine to live somewhere where religion ( and the local priest ) has such an influence . 
  sure :d actually i assumed that [ deleted ] is german and just wanted to annoy them . 
  why is the mentality in the ukraine that germany is like austria ? 
  what ? 
  what did he write ? 
  i 'm interested as fellow austrian although i do n't know of any brothers we have . 
  now his neighbor from the 2nd floor needs to build his own on top of this !, 
  does n't being a candidate get you a shitton of money `` to fix '' your country to eu standards ? 
  so why stop being a candidate if it is a nice income resource . 
  well then try justifying them . 
  justifying hate against a group that thinks it is their god given right to steal from non-roma is pretty easy . 
   well , they are just slavic people who believe neo-nazi ideology and like to beat immigrants from middle asia or just need to feel superior . 
  because nazi ideology says that slavic people are untermenschen and not really worth anything . 
  so seeing or reading about the rise of neo nazis in east europe is interesting . 
  it actually happens quite often . 
  usually when the argument is about `` why not do x like y '' . 
  just look into any thread about gun laws , welfare , free education , infrastructure etc. 
  they invented putting signs on things , before they enlightened us nobody knew what was what . 
  putting stuff on fire . 
  invented in the us in 1989 !, 
  i used to start a discussion with these people . 
  it never led anywhere , and i do n't mean i could n't convince them , it just was a waste of time i gained nothing they gained nothing and i got insulted a lot . 
  so now i just link [ this comic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ul1vlnv.png ) and move on . 
  the burgenland ruins a perfectly ~ ~ white ~ ~ light country . 
  how is that working for you so far ? 
  the germans have the north stream , the americans still happily trade with the russians but 50km of pipeline into austria that 's where we take a stand ? 
  it 's always easy to let others take the hit . 
   you do n't get on your knees and suck their cock . 
  ah yes now we are back to basics . 
  the big bad russian is scary !, 
  usa !, 
  blabla you are n't sucking anyones cock by buying their gas if you do n't have gas yourself . 
  the divide of the udssr was a mess and i do n't give a fuck about who owns the krim or what the french or british promised , i also do n't see any reason why their promises affect austrias businesses . 
  sanctions would push russia away . 
  that 's pretty racist !, 
  i 'm offended . 
  the whole point of the eu is preventing war by economic partnerships . 
  sanctioning russia is against the eu . 
   we have tens of thousands of poles and baltic migrants in norway ; they 're one of our most valuable assets . 
  easy to say when the money pours out of the floor . 
  england and wales is . 
  you ca n't be the federal state of a federal state . 
  someone would lose not only a lot but nearly all of his powers and that is why this will not work . 
  some members of the eu already have federal states . 
  this will never work . 
   somehow managed to craft a strong american identity despite immigration from all different places by not losing wwii and never going thru the whole process of erasing nationalism and to some extend fascism , russia is the same . 
  portugal and spain should be a no brainer . 
  italy just has to be somewhere if you do n't split it . 
  northern italy and southern italy do n't have that much in common either . 
  never believe a german if he talks about austria . 
  austria is small , has dubbed movies and series from germany and a high % in that map . 
  we also do n't have a great school system so i doubt that only subbed movies = good english . 
  without context these quotes mean little . 
  when the thread is about the uk yet again blocking something do n't expect to get your british dick sucked in the comment section . 
  `` every country has the government it deserves '' it sucks for people like me that do n't support the conservative world view but unfortunately they do represent a significant part of the country . 
  the 2 sch\u00fcssel goverments created a shitton of corruption cases that to this day remain not completely solved , it really amazes me every election day that people are able to ignore that . 
  if you do n't mean that they shipped ottoman soil into the sea and created the island there was a cyprus . 
  island news are best news . 
  [ this guy essentially . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wolfgang_sch%c3%bcssel ) the \u00d6vp was in a steady decline and before the vote he said `` if the \u00d6vp becomes third we will enter the opposition '' . 
  but because the sp\u00d6 refused to work with the fp\u00d6 he was in a really powerful place ( since sp\u00d6-fp\u00d6 wo n't happen the only two options were sp\u00d6-\u00d6vp and fp\u00d6-\u00d6vp ) and made a deal with the fp\u00d6 that he becomes chancellor ( usually the strongest party provides the chancellor ) in return for including them into the coalition . 
  after that they refused talks with the winner sp\u00d6 and if the winning party ca n't form a new government the duty moves over to the 2nd . 
  it was a very smart but sneaky way to become chancellor as the leader of the only third strongest party . 
  the sanctions actually should be in '' '' , in austria this is commonly overlooked . 
  it was basically a refusal to include austria on the political stage , isolating the austrian gov. 
  officials . 
  [ statement about the sanctions ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/sanktionen_der_eu-xiv_gegen_%c3%96sterreich ) . 
  sorry there is only a german wiki entry . 
   die regierungen der 14 mitgliedsstaaten werden keinerlei offizielle bilaterale kontakte auf politischer ebene mit einer \u00f6sterreichischen regierung unter einbindung der fp\u00d6 betreiben oder akzeptieren ; es wird keine unterst\u00fctzung f\u00fcr \u00f6sterreichische kandidaten geben , die positionen in internationalen organisationen anstreben ; \u00d6sterreichische botschafter werden in den eu-hauptst\u00e4dten nur noch auf technischer ebene empfangen `` the governments of the fourteen member states will not promote or accept any official bilateral contacts at political level with an austrian government integrating the fp\u00d6 ; there will be no support for austrian candidates seeking positions in international organizations ; austrian ambassadors in eu capitals will only be received at a technical level . '', 
  they then send in a `` rat there weisen '' of 3 high ranking ( former ) politicians to asses the situation and write a report about austria . 
  the sanctions were lifted somewhere in 2000 . 
  this was generally received as a insult and humiliation . 
  but the effects of the sanctions where pretty significant ( for austria ) , they destroyed the support for the eu in austria and pushed the \u00d6vp significantly because they managed to make it look like they stood up to the ( now universally seen as bad ) eu . 
  in 2002 he initiated a re-election , the fp\u00d6 lost a lot of votes ( mainly because of intern struggles ) , and then formed again the \u00d6vp-fp\u00d6 coalition but now with a stronger \u00d6vp ( also this time the strongest party in austria ) . 
  edit : corrected a few spelling mistakes . 
  sorry guys my english is n't great . 
  ok we got off on the wrong foot here , i 'll take the majority of the blame for that because of my agressive reply . 
  but i 'm not only talking about `` some austrian elections '' more than a decade ago , we are talking about the only time member states of the eu have ** boycotted an eu member ** because of their democratic election . 
  that 's a huge difference in significance . 
  this was a very undemocratic action by all other eu governments ( including gb ) and it had the side effect that the current austrian gov. 
  ( that was protested against a lot because it was a coalition of the 2nd and 3rd strongest party ) suddenly got ( somewhat ) legitimized . 
  since then the far right gained a lot of support in many eu countries making this behavior even more ridiculous and petty . 
  and i say this as someone that hates the idea of having the fp\u00d6 in the government . 
  how does that matter , you only read island news ? 
  that 's no wonder kid . 
  i 'm talking about the nationalratswahl 1999 . 
  and yet we are the only country in the eu that got boycotted and demonstrated against for the results of a democratic election . 
  by countries like france . 
  i still wonder why the anti-eu fraction does n't bring that up more often , it would basically be an instant win . 
  probably not with our politicians . 
  always amusing when guys like you decide that `` date x '' is the specific day to decide who was the real owner . 
  i never said it was a greek island . 
  but geographical location does n't really matter , i do n't even understand how that works in your mind . 
  everyone has a dot on the map and whatever land is closest to your dot is yours ? 
  haha :d says the guy that does n't even speak german , your language is called `` pief-chinesisch '' , 
  greek as an ethnicity obviously ... 
   than you should have clarify it not my fault if you misinterpret something , it 's very clear . 
   sure , if eu and un do not respect signed treaties ( it was signed by uk and greece too ) there certainly is something wrong about it yet the un is the highest instance in this matter .
