  but because the germans had to call their new prussia germany now being german is usually understood as having the german ( germany ) nationality , which we do n't have because we are austrian . 
  tl : dr : they stole our freaking ethnic group . 
  yes sure improvement is always possible . 
   she does a ( relatively ) good job but nobody knows what she actually wants , what her goals are . 
  that sounds pretty decent if the other option is agendas influencing every single decision . 
  how is hartz4 now viewed ? 
  i remember the backlash at the moment it was introduced but now 13 years later it seems to work , and especially work better than what most other countries have . 
  why would someone that is only in it for the money and pussy do something that clearly would be very unpopular at the beginning and nearly ruin his career ? 
   the only internationally famous cdu politician if there is one thing were being international famous is unimportant it is a national election . 
  if you ever asked yourself why you have no friends . 
  this right here , this is the reason . 
   interesting post but i think in the uk we have the opposite mentality - that it 's better to have a small , highly professional army consisting of people who want to be there . 
  but the uk also has a different use for the military . 
  austria has no oversea territories we need to defend or at least be ready to defend , we are not part of a military alliance and not involved in foreign countries that much . 
  so austria and the uk have a very different chance of actually using their military for fighting ( instead of disaster relief ) that being said i am for a professional army and voted for it because in austria military service is only still in place because of the civil service that keeps the health care running . 
  ah sure the great `` if you disagree you are stupid '' argument . 
   i would n't trust anyone but the uk to actually give a shit and work in my interests . 
  dude you live in ireland ...  the policy towards greece seems to be based more on punishment as an attempt to pander to voters . 
  the fact that it is voters who want to punish greece and not ideological leaders is disturbing . 
  no voters hate it that any money leaves the country , this is pure gold for the opposition . 
  the numbers are mind boggling huge , the boulevard papers love putting them on the front page and the government is losing % points . 
  to claim that this is done for the voters is insane . 
   debt relief should have been on the table , stimulus should have been on the table , growth should have been the goal . 
  so the greek government uses that money to buy votes like always , and now ? 
   should try to have more empathy . 
  it is very possible to run out of empathy . 
  and with the arguments they run that point has been reached for many . 
  are you delusional or something ? 
  the gov. 
  you elected ran on the slogan `` fuck complying they will pay anyways '' . 
  he is saying that the country is not self sustaining . 
  in simple terms when you give your drug addict aunt 1000 bucks to get her shit together how long do you think will it take her to be back on your doorstep ? 
   the one thing the syriza government achieved is to make the world question the sanity of the creditors ' plans . 
  no not really , syriza achieved that both they themselves and the greek people look mad , delusional and really demanding . 
  all sympathy gone . 
  you are known for fucking over your government by painting your face blue and not wearing pants . 
  yeah ... right ... !, 
  csgo and sc2 . 
  cs : go was the one i am thinking about though and yes the age plays a big role ( although you can at least guess by the voice and be prepared ) but this is true for all countries yet the french are outstanding in griefing and flaming only rivaled by some eastern europeans . 
  why are french people so incredible rude in online games ? 
  is there some kind of agenda to reinforce stereotypes ? 
  keep your sweet wines in your girly countries . 
   who are the ones producing the actual products of value . 
  the products have no value when nobody is there to buy them . 
  so the transport companies and supermarkets that bring the products to the customer are adding the value . 
  since the criclejerk from americans died down a little you guys sure are getting desperate . 
   : live in limbo , waiting for their lives to start , or leave ? 
  option 3 is apparently to shitpost on / r/europe . 
  gdp/cap is insanely low . 
  also holy shit the congo has a lot of people . 
  so staying home is safer ? 
   birthday of the revolution towards monarchy such a french thing to say . 
  endless summer !, 
  it is not . 
  and i do n't care . 
  the moment you go out and violate other people or their property is the moment when you lose all sympathy . 
  why would these topics make them any less a documentary than other topics ? 
  that 's a member of the yakuza , do n't you see the in picture description ? 
  that 's the cop . 
   ah , you mean the bild with moving pictures ? 
  is that what they are ? 
  always confuse the 2 but i did enjoy the documentaries on ntv or n24 . 
   the greeks had been silent and contrite for 5 years of austerity where they ? 
  the nazi merkel and sarkozy protest have been around for a few years . 
  not that some protest matter but once the government goes with this retarded argument it is impossible to take them serious . 
   rather than seek to understand where this `` greek attitude '' stems from , you fall back on arguments about humility and morality . 
  yes sure as i said i do n't agree with / u/jimzbond that greek redditors help me understand the situation or evoke sympathy . 
  it 's the opposite really . 
   why you see that lack of self awareness from the greeks here on reddit is because they try to support the truth and the pain of people that is hidden from most of the media . 
  merkel might be a calculating bitch but she is not hitler and not a member of the nsdap . 
  the greek are humans and not angels that deserve to have their roads paved by the petty rest . 
  there is no conspiracy against greece , just a country that lived on debts for 30 years + and now expects others , even countries that have less , to pick up the bill . 
  i really do n't see any truth the majority of greek redditors are pushing , only selfserving delusion . 
   you believe its the average german tax payer ? 
  no because he did n't have a vote in the greek elections . 
   is n't it because the private banking debt got socialized ? 
  yes banks to big to fail are a problem and this answers `` why did the average eu tax payer got the burden of our debt ? '', 
  but is does n't answer why there is the problem to begin with . 
  it is there because the majority of greek keep voting for the `` i 'll give you 100bucks '' - guy instead of the `` we do n't have 100bucks '' - guy . 
   but , what do you want from us ? 
  that : `` we do understand the fault of our past and feel guilty and angry with ourselves . '', 
  is pretty much all i want but greek reddit users usually play a different tone as explained above . 
   why ? 
  like said above it is very hard to be sympathetic to someone that is in a deep hole and only blames others . 
  where in this equation are you faultless and perfect ? 
  you grew up payed for by others and then continued to vote for governments that provided you with way to much than they could pay for . 
  i mostly consume somewhat left media that is sympathetic to the greek in this situation but reddit really pushed me over the edge because apparently the majority of greek think that the world should just serve them . 
  the father in `` my big fat greek wedding '' is considered a parody but on reddit he apparently is very real and has 100 + accounts . 
  the thing most greek redditors are pushing is in my experience that the world has some secret pack against them and nazi merkel just wants to bring them down because they are some faultless perfect beings . 
  says the guy that still believes in the bad boogieman fucking over greece . 
  cooking the books is just one little symptome . 
  creating a country that ca n't finanze itself is the problem . 
   so you claim they keep reelecting the government that made mistakes . 
  they did n't . 
  they did . 
  they did n't change party every election . 
  the socialists were in power pretty much all the time . 
  and then when the ship started sinking because of all the handouts for votes they again elected the guys who ran on handouts . 
   do n't call me petty because i call you petty because you are petty . 
  you ca n't say anything against the fact that what is happening are the consequences of what the greek people voted for , for 30 years .
