  so she is double old +3 . 
   one normally does not directly criticize someone as directly as perhaps one would in austria or france . 
  we invented the waltz because we love dancing around problems so much ... 
  but seriously i want to believe you but just judging by rather tame subs like askreddit the problem seems to be something else . 
   80 million people living in the 19th century is not much of a concern to me , outside of its diaspora . 
  turkey was handled as the savior of islam in a modern world for as long as i remember . 
  as a bridge between the middle east and europe , as a shining example of how it is done , essentially like the pre implosion venezuela for extreme left . 
  this is not only relevant because of their size or location . 
  yeah well sorry about that but thanks to your great follow up explanation i am now enlightened !, 
   especially when most europeans do n't know where a state like south dakota by your own rules that would be more than fine since south dakota has 1/3th of the population of lithuania . 
  but you know i would agree that they do n't have to know all europeans countries , it is still uneducated . 
  most stuff i know about lithuania is the hate we ( austria ) received in 2011 , that 's pretty much as all your media representation in my life , but i could still place it on a map because i went to school with history and geography classes . 
  but they were n't asked to name the states of these countries ? 
   europeans guessing states would do just as bad , if not worse ( myself included ) . 
  ( some ) european countries have states too , all have some kind of subdivision . 
  so you are the guy who actually reads these papers :p, 
  so i have this really interesting thing in my cellar , want to come over and check it out ? 
  i want to write something witty about why austria is n't on the list but my english is n't good enough : /, 
  where exactly have you seen these names ( i 'm from vienna ) ? 
  kevin-justin is just a terrible overkill . 
  have n't you learn anything from the arab spring ? 
  of course they will vote some islamic party because they have these huge parts of their population still stuck in the middle ages . 
  ah , ok thanks for the link . 
  well we have `` center of europe '' in our hymn !, 
  i ahm do n't understand that map , why are there so many centers and how are the calculated ? 
  austria is in the middle of europe so austria is the middle star , you can be an eye , if you are nice . 
  most people that disagree do n't disagree with the statement but with putting all the blame on germany . 
  you do n't get fucked in the ass that hard without bending over . 
  7 downvotes = `` heavily downvoted '' ? 
  every 2 km ? 
  in vienna more like every 2nd street corner . 
  actually yes that 's the new truth i choose to believe . 
  i think for this list some military adviser or something would be enough . 
  for some probably during wwi when they were part of the k&k ? 
  that 's funny because your 2 points describe the values of the 2 major parties quite well . 
  1 being \u00d6vp and 2 being sp\u00d6 . 
  we just like the feeling of being on the other side of omaha beach once . 
  well fuck you too . 
  as austrian spending days in a bunker with only germans is more frightening than the war . 
  yeah you guys are missing about 2,000 years of identity building . 
  not for me personally at that very moment i 'm eating that apple . 
  we should just put it up on the other side of lithuania then ... 
  especially since one of their 4 hqs is in vienna . 
  http://images.derstandard.at/2012/10/25/state%20of%20the%20world%20cities.pdf page 128, 
  this is not about how the eu works , there are net contributors and recipients . 
  i have to ask you that right back taking away benefits only one country has and basically making everyone equal in the union is cruel ? 
  you have to be joking . 
  if you and your neighbor pay the same price for bread is that cruel as well , a violation of your rights because your are not better of than everyone else ? 
  what makes the british superior to his european neighbors that they deserve all this additional rights nobody else has ? 
   you said you want a country punished . 
  so the kyoto protocol for example is tyrannical in your funny little world because the country in question gets punished ? 
  it was a joke first but you really do n't know what tyrannical means . 
  i said i want them to be punished by loosing their right of paying less . 
  you are basically arguing with yourself by always adding your little interpretations . 
   oh , the irony !, 
  not everyone can live in the world in your head . 
  i insulted your way to argue , and justifiably so . 
  oh yeah the tyrannical view that everyone should pay the same amount . 
  yeah we are , there is no way to have a conversation with someone like you . 
  ah starting with insults , followed by `` no you are '' and than the spelling correction , what 's next in your copy of `` how to argue like a 12 year old ? '', 
  just because english is your native language does n't mean you know what tyrannical means ( tip : it does not mean to do what the public wants ) . 
  it 's funny how you drop a topic when disproved . 
  pls google tyrannical . 
  less than half would vote to stay in , and more important , less would vote to stay in than to leave . 
  at least they are based on reality . 
  learn to read kid . 
  the public wants out , they think they are better of without the eu , let them try . 
  after they failed they will of course not get all the additional benefits they have now and pay the same amount everyone else does . 
  ah ok i got it now , you are one of these kids where having another opinion is idiotic . 
  definitely not worth a second thought . 
  does n't matter what you said before , you commented on my `` if they want out , let them '' `` that 's an incredible stupid thing to say '' . 
  says the one who wants to force a country to stay in a union the obviously do n't want to be a part of . 
  no punish this generation of brits , if they want out , let them . 
  i do n't understand your last sentence . 
  please explain . 
  let 's give it to greece , it sure will make a difference . 
  aliens ? 
  practiced in which countries ? 
  not at all . 
  quite a simple world view you 've got there . 
  do n't you have anything better to do ? 
  go get a job or something ... oh yeah right you guys do n't have any . 
  can be one reason , but small breweries are missing as well . 
  austria has 170 breweries . 
  `` anything like american movies '' damn europeans movies do n't describe real live accurate . 
  ! 111 who said they do ? 
   first , america is a hugely diverse nation , no , for it 's size america is not diverse at all , why does every american start with that sentence . 
  america is not diverse !, 
  they get paid for it . 
  waitstaff earns quite o.k. 
  money if you consider that only in better restaurants and bars skills are required , in all other cases a monkey with a tie could do it . 
  why would we want to cut down the wiener wald ? 
  the most prominent should be east and west germany . 
  [ this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lcpvy.jpg ) while not completely accurate gives you an good overview . 
  you mean that german southern tyrol was a colony of austria ? 
  rather than a part of austria you guys invaded when the opportunity came . 
  makes you rethink everything does n't it ? 
  it is n't . 
  you can . 
  every major train station and every airport has a supermarket that 's open on sunday .
