  you make up arguments and start insulting like the petty little kid you are . 
   their previous government cooked the books . 
  not syriza . 
  i never said that . 
  do n't make up something you can actually argument against because you have no argument against my statement . 
  it 's petty . 
  always knew the germans are living here without contributing . 
   yes , and are you responsible for every mistake your government makes ? 
  if you keep voting them in yes . 
  also no butthole . 
   up until a while ago i really was under the impression that the eu and it 's peoples were growing closer together . 
  guess i was a tad bit naive ... yeah you were , by sanctioning an austrian democratically elected government they proved to some austrians that this is obviously not the case . 
  that being said an austrian exit wo n't happen , the party that got sanctioned is pushing the exit because it is an easy way to catch all these votes of frustrated people but besides that nobody even considers it . 
  the eu worked because leaving the eu would be an economically disaster for austria with nothing to gain in return . 
  in all growth estimations austria is pretty bad . 
  wo n't be long until germany ( as a whole , old brd is already in the lead ) , sweden and denmark overtake us . 
   you made up your mind and are just throwing empty phrases around . 
  you mean like `` be honest with yourself '' ? 
   instead of attributing their actions to at least political rationale , the greek public not being able to say `` our government betrayed us '' after the referendum because they voted for it , you frame it as something childish . 
  i recognize the intend as a political move , basically the start of the campaign for the next election . 
  i frame setting it 4 days after the deadline as childish . 
   i really do n't see how that would get me any knowledge . 
  `` it 's not like he sat there pouting and refusing to work with them . '', 
  just recognizing that this is wrong is a significant gain of knowledge . 
  `` if you disagree you just do n't understand it '' classic . 
  rome had a good run , ca n't really consider something a failure that hold up for that long . 
  that said most people are n't that hung up on history . 
  there are credit scores in europe ? 
   but it still got into more debt than before and once greece is out of the picture portugal may become the weakest link which will turn them into the new greece of the union . 
  ah yes the good old `` it 's everyone 's fault but ours ! '' . 
  a great display why greek is in the hole you mentioned . 
  considering what statements the boulevard press publishes i would n't doubt that some germans do n't feel welcome there . 
  might as well fly to turkey or spain . 
  the hotel bunkers look the same everywhere . 
   it 's not like he sat there pouting and refusing to work with them . 
  seems like that , actually the referendum placed a week after the deadline expired seems to be exactly that . 
  a child throwing a tantrum . 
  not a man negotiation for the future of his own country . 
   from his understanding of economics the terms were unacceptable and they tried to renegotiate them . 
  unacceptable with his promises , which were largely received as unrealistic . 
  pretty much , this letter is just to shift blame in the future . 
  maybe he is just not a pleasant fellow to eat with . 
  that comparison is kinda bad when the one being told that both refuses to work out a payment deal and does n't know how a deadline works . 
  might as well start from the beginning . 
  shipping , or generally industries that involve boats in some way . 
   greece is ranked fourth in the world by number of ships ( 3,695 ) , behind china ( 5,313 ) , japan ( 3,991 ) , and germany ( 3,833 ) . 
  [ 30 ] a european community shipowners ' associations report for 2011 -- 2012 reveals that the greek flag is the seventh-most-used internationally for shipping , while it ranks second in the eu . 
  [ 134 ]  in terms of ship categories , greek companies have 22.6 % of the world 's tankers [ 134 ] and 16.1 % of the world 's bulk carriers ( in dwt ) [ ... ]  counting shipping as quasi-exports and in terms of monetary value , greece ranked 4th globally in 2011 having `` exported '' shipping services worth $ 17,704,132 ; only denmark , germany and south korea ranked higher during that year . 
  poor panama defaulting on 180.9 dollar . 
  now that 's just hot . 
  what is the difference between a headteacher and a headmaster/principal ? 
  thought bavaria had a very similar system to austria but i have never heard of a `` oberlehrer '' outside of literature . 
   `` of course we can take in the refugees , but just not here in our town '' . 
  that is a very popular sentiment , doing your part by sacrificing someones else wealth , safety or even just comfort . 
   how people will react to the news and the massive propaganda that is going on here right now who is paying for the massive propaganda of each side ? 
  is the government pushing for a yes or no ? 
  is the argument against it economically or emotional ( `` the germans are evil nazis that want to destroy us '' ) ? 
   hard g a `` k '' ? 
  what ? 
  hahaha , why would he do that ? 
  what 's the `` venezuela scenario '' ? 
   unless you want opinion i do want that . 
  what 's your opinion ? 
  will you go vote and what will you vote for ? 
   some eurozone countries require a vote in their national parliament why only some and which one ? 
  seems weird that some need this while others do n't . 
   but why would somebody do such a thing ? 
  because it grants them the same rights and is a workaround of groups that oppose them having said rights . 
  the logic behind it is rather simple . 
  that whole `` no foreign priests '' in austria blew over pretty fast . 
  yeah thanks for the input ... 
  yeah and your mother was already alive when they got them and probably an adult . 
  just think about that . 
  why did n't they get them earlier ? 
  because the people voted against it . 
   it works great in switzerland . 
  except when it does n't . 
  like women voting rights in switzerland . 
   the word marriage has been taken up by civil government , and as such should be extended to not only straights but also gays , irrespectively of any religion 's opinions , right ? 
  from the state ofc. , you ca n't really force the church . 
  are n't you a buyer-country anyway instead of a renting-country ? 
   cultural weight and history behind it that 's not just religious . 
  well mostly that is what 2k years of catholicism do to you , marriage and religion are connected . 
   marriage is the government recognizing your relationship it was my understanding that marriage is in front of god and the government than recognizes your relationship . 
  not that it matters , i just never understood the naming issue . 
  if the church would say to me `` you ca n't marry because you are an atheist '' i do n't think i would be upset as long i have equal rights in front of the state . 
  i doubt that , only maybe london comes close to switzerland . 
   not to mention , bring up a roma and watch european `` multiculturalism '' crumble . . 
  when did i sign up for multiculturalism at all ( my ) cost ? 
  you are literally complaining at the moment that the police apologized after checking your papers , if that is the only problem we do n't have a problem . 
  should n't than the headline be that they do n't have the same rights and not the same name ? 
  is that not just a religion thing ? 
  on a first glance they seem to be really minor , taxes , rent and pension all are equal . 
  is n't marriage and `` other type of partnership '' just a naming thing ? 
  as long as it comes with the same rights it should be fine . 
   the constraint is n't so much land as houses . 
  we have a huge shortage . 
  and you think other countries do n't ? 
   what is their end goal , that they leave for gb . 
  i do n't understand the problem .
