   serbia is a transit country on their way to germany , france , as well as sweden and other scandinavian countries , the ministry of foreign affairs said in a statement . 
  the day where it pays off that people do n't even know we exist . 
  in sweden you probably can . 
  even if not meant as a joke i found that helpful . 
  i had no idea where it was and i drove past it a few years ago . 
  what movies did he play in ? 
  was he the guy that got a swastika carved into his forehead by orlando bloom ? 
   as long as there 's a translation , who cares ? 
  that was the issue . 
   because kadyrov has more forces than most european countries . 
  but only a million people live there ... 
  `` the fuss '' started over something else though . 
  the megathread not providing information in english while at the same time forbidding other threads . 
  i like that trend because i enjoy being an ass in german and writing something normal in english . 
   i now blame your language for the months of depression that followed . 
  as it is your right as a true european . 
  ( just realized i remember very little from this book ... ), 
  every now and then i still wake up in cold sweat and have flashbacks about le petit prince . 
   mcleods daughters definitely does . 
  and the guy touching dangerous animals counts too . 
  you know what 's bullshit ? 
  i nearly failed 11th grade because of you . 
  never forget . 
  that sounds weird . 
  maybe some prussian talks like that , you should really include all german dialects if you include dutch . 
  even worse yet , you 'll never get the frieslanders to quit ... yeah i got nothing . 
  do n't even now what you guys do . 
   the same people who whine about being held responsible for something they did n't do are usually quick to cheer and go crazy about how `` we '' won the world cup and are `` export world champions no because we never win anything and nobody buys our shit , 
  oh shit my bad i thought we are talking about snowden . 
  all makes sense now . 
   yup , and to get there , he would have to get a free pass from the uk government . 
  why ? 
  last time i checked you guys really did n't stretch from the north to the south pole . 
  do you have one ? 
   so far the local wooden church has been ok and i 've spotted exactly zero nazis riding on dinosaurs . 
  because they invested in stealth tech . 
  you belong to us . 
  why ? 
  because he made a bad joke ? 
  if i have my stereotypes right that would actually prove that he is german . 
  studied in graz btw . 
   graz umgebung https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/graz-umgebung_district if the link works as i intended you can see here the district . 
  it 's basically a circle around the city . 
  edit : changed link to wikipedia because that makes more sense . 
   the british navy ships and british transport ships ? 
  as far as i know commercial ships rescue most people and also have to help if they see someone in distress on the open sea . 
  what 's the definition of a startup ? 
  for some companies in that list it seems weird for them to be classified as such . 
  edit : `` unicorns '' ? , what are ltm additions ? 
  * a healthy slap never hurt anyone . 
  it 's steve from hr . 
  well for me it is lunch time now , but after that ... !, 
   protect it from whom ? 
  that 's what we want you to think !, 
  got ta call my people . 
  ah i see , that makes sense . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
   promote tourism and reduce vat for all the remote islands ( eg , castellorizo and rhodes ca n't have the same vat as syros or kythyra ) could you elaborate that part ? 
  we do n't talk about that . 
  the nation still needs some time for healing . 
  considering the size of the country the quality of croatia 's football team is really impressive . 
  pfff . 
  if you follow that street a little you actually stumble across some street cleaners . 
  what am i looking at here ? 
  who set that building at fire and why ? 
   just the ones in and around paris are . 
  besides some low income trash that is awful everywhere on the planet i actually found parisians to be pretty normal . 
  do n't understand where that stereotype comes from . 
  sometimes ( surprisingly often actually ) one escapes from some zoo or private owner . 
  it 's always in the news because nothing really happens here . 
  no i have not . 
  is it good ? 
  nope you said that the `` whole idea of eu is based on changing and settling on new places . '', 
  which is ofc wrong like i already explained . 
  you then started to argue that movement is always great even if it sucks for the people already living there and i gave you an example of movement that is not that great . 
  my point has been the same for the whole discussion , mutual improvement yay , shifting of wealth towards one group on the backs of another nay . 
  simple stuff , like train etiquette . 
  so the invasion of the east ukraine is just living your interpretation of the eu ? 
  they are definitely ignoring borders does n't matter if it is a failure of a success . 
  if you move somewhere and make it more shit than it was before you moved there that is really not aiding the `` we are all europeans '' mindset . 
  the whole idea of the eu is that we stop killing each other , to interweave cultures is not more important than to interweave economics . 
   whole idea of eu is based on changing and settling on new places . 
  / =  there 's the freedom of movement as principle in eu a principle is not the same as `` whole idea '' . 
  ah i see how it is , you redefine the eu in your head and everyone that disagrees with your little definition is a bigot . 
  glad we could sort that one out !, 
   roma 's been hatred has nothing with them being nomadic i never said that is the reason , all i said that your interpretation of the eu is just wrong . 
   cut the crap . 
  chill kid , hostility like that in a normal discussion never aids your arguments . 
  makes you look like a fool at best . 
  mutual gain instead of one group gaining at the cost of an other group ? 
   whole idea of eu is based on changing and settling on new places . 
   `` you just have to live for the now and not think about the future , '' she said , a statement that would have been more convincing had karatza not been six months pregnant . 
  stuff like this always hurts an article . 
  why put this melodramatic shit in ? 
  dea lewronggeneration !, 
  yeah but luxembourg has only 500k and vatican pretty much none . 
  it was a joke . 
  sweden has more people than austria , luxembourg and the vatican combined . 
  golden dawn would be right extremist in my eyes . 
  there are no fascist parties in austria ( left ) , although some are basically successors .
