  great wine but they look down on the wine of other countries . 
  beer is really expensive . 
  same thing for me for the same reason . 
  had 5 years of french in school , do n't really remember anything ( besides nearly repeating a class because of it ) , my english got a lot better after i learned enough to watch series and movies in english and read more interesting books in it . 
  only french book i remember reading was le petit prince . 
  but they switch frequency every 2 days , so i 'm always stuck with a channel that does n't show anything . 
  kark is a german word for kirche ? 
  that 's the map with the best austria i 've ever seen . 
  let 's repost it frequently . 
  thanks !, 
  what 's the nuts region ? 
  east-tyrol wtf are you doing !, 
  yeah they have the list but god damn that 's a terrible article . 
  hey an actual reaction , who would have thought . 
  but clicking `` print '' and then putting everything together is easier than making it yourself . 
  i do n't worry much about that but i think it is likely that we will see a few kids blow their fingers off . 
  usually americans flood subreddits and talk about how backwards america is . 
  then the americans follow complaining about the europeans flooding . 
  and well i guess then i follow complaining about the americans complaining . 
  the anglosphere is very pro-homeschooling . 
  but true at the end of the day the laws in place do n't matter if they are not enforced . 
  in austria your kid would need to have a exam after every year and if he/she fails you would lose the right to homeschool . 
  most countries is n't really true . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homeschooling_international_status_and_statistics austria is here listed as a country that allows it but you will lose that right if you ca n't prove that your kid is equally schooled so that still does n't make it possible for them to legally keep their kids from getting education by homeschooling, 
  you do not stand above the law simply because you want to . 
  this is ireland/austria/germany / serbia/greece and to be live here with other people you need to be part of society . 
  the conclusion of your thought is `` well it 's in their culture to steal , destroy and kidnap guess there 's nothing to do here '' and that 's just ridiculous . 
  they obviously seek populated areas because there needs to be someone there in order to steal his shit . 
  if they just want to be left alone there are still unpopulated areas in the world ( but it 's only fair mentioning that most of them are not that great areas to live in ) . 
   it boils down to making assimilation non-optional . 
  you keep moving around because you 're homeless ? 
  government housing there are tons of institutions that provide you with a bed , meal and medical attention . 
  also social workers that help you to get back on your feet but you need to actually go there and ask for help , you wont get it delivered to your doorstep that should n't even exist because you are living illegally on some private ground . 
   you try to prevent your kids from being educated ? 
  your kids are now officially wards of the state , like i said in theory if you keep your kids out of school at the age of 6-15 you will face some consequences that can end in losing custody . 
  but if the country does n't even know you are here or that you have kids that is impossible . 
  there is a bunch of gov. 
  help in western europe but if you ** refuse ** to be part of the system you will not qualify for it . 
  i doubt that they actually have the education that they know what happened not only in the last 200 years but since they entered europe . 
  sure someone older in their little tribes will tell them how everyone who 's not family is the devil himself but that would happen anyway . 
  western europe has great services for someone `` who 's down on his luck '' but that does n't apply to you if you refuse to be part of this society . 
  i still ca n't see a way to integrate group that defines itself by not being integrated . 
  little personal anecdote : i worked with quite a few roma in a factory , they were basically outcasts because they choose to work an honest work and provide their children with opportunities that they never had . 
  they moment you stop being a parasite you get thrown out so only bad examples remain . 
  what are these solutions if you do n't mind me asking because as i said earlier i ca n't think of one considering that the group in question does n't want help . 
  let 's wait with continuing this discussion until you have an idea how to make it happen , just crying that everyone is racist and nobody wants to help is n't going to change anything . 
  if you dodge all authorities and nobody knows where you are it 's hard to take kids away from families or start the process ( and there needs to be a legal process in a democracy if a gov. 
  wants to take someones kids ) of taking the kids away . 
  for example ? 
  make someone live within the society of the country he lives in is not possible if he does n't want to . 
  giving him a job if he does n't want to work , simply not possible ( also very unfair considering we have a shitload of people actively looking for work atm ) educate his kids if he keeps them out of school , again not possible . 
  it 's simply impossible to help someone that does n't want you to help , so there are no solutions . 
  still waiting for the americans to enter the thread to tell me that europe is unreasonable racist against gypsies . 
  we are n't retarded . 
  seriously though , i like the smoking laws in austria , they tend to make sense . 
  you have smoking and non smoking bars and restaurants , you can find whatever suits you . 
  how much does a pack of 20 cig . 
  cost in france now ? 
  have n't visited you guys in ages . 
  there are actually laws and they are enforced , but the laws are not as retarded as the eu would like them to be . 
  bars , restaurants or clubs have to have non smoker rooms that are bigger than the smoker rooms and not connected in air flow . 
  very small establishments can decide to be either smoking or non smoking . 
  public buildings are non smoking . 
  because the bz\u00d6 lost 7 % , they were 2008 pretty much the same party with 2 different candidates . 
  so in total we have less right wing parties occupying seats in the parliament than before . 
  it does n't help that the sp\u00d6 / \u00d6vp refuse to recognize the existence of any voter younger than 60 , so their voters leave or die . 
  but i think most of them voted neos or frank not fp\u00d6 . 
  i actually expected them to take 2nd . 
  place so i 'm quite relieved . 
  why ? 
  the fp\u00d6 gained less than the bz\u00d6 lost . 
  you need something where your friends get some nice pension without doing anything . 
  because courts never make mistakes . 
  yeah in `` europe '', 
  they did n't even try , merkel as gta cover-girl should be a must . 
  starobrno is getting more available in vienna every day . 
  staropramen on the other hand did n't really leave a lasting impression . 
  well if you fuck up my vacation you get kicked out . 
  and yet that 's not their own fault . 
  this information is spread by nearly every newschannel on a daily basis . 
  the eu really sucks at communicating why they are not a complete failure , now add corruption scandals and a economic crisis that goes on for years and nobody should be surprised that people feel cheated . 
  get a job silly spaniard . 
  yeah but than again you live in finland so there 's that . 
  wait a minute !, 
  that graph has to be fake , france is so likable . 
  you can thank us ( austria ) every day for that , 
  if money pours out of the floor you naturally have `` growth '', 
  but that does n't count because it does n't aid her/his viewpoint !, 
  also the chart is worthless without providing % of people that apply for these jobs and have the required academic background . 
  thanks for the information !, 
  that was really all i got . 
  why not , glass get 's melt ( molt , melted ? ), 
  down and formed into new bottles and paper get 's a chemical treatment and becomes newspaper paper or packing material and that stuff . 
  the majority of normal house hold products should be glass and paper which at least in austria is reused properly . 
  i hope you get run over by one of your shitty bikes in holland . 
  ukraine, 
  i already have to watch out for the people from the balkans if i walk arround in the not that great areas of my city . 
  poland does n't even have a economy . 
  but we break the law in stuff like names of sausages you betrayed the entire european population . 
  german ( ethnic ) and german ( nationality ) are just two different things , with germany calling itself after the shared ethnic .
