  in some countries . 
  cuba on the other hand ... 
  1 ) the eu definitely has the ability to sanction russia , especially in the summer . 
  2 ) gas would become a problem after a while which shows why it is ridiculous that the original nabucco pipeline was n't continued ( buying gas from middle east and transporting it to central europe . 
  3 ) what the eu achieved is stopping wars by economically cooperation making them incredibly unprofitable . 
  so the question now is is pushing russia away the right move or pulling them in closer . 
  4 ) as awful this event is it would be wise to not make any emotional decisions , this ca n't lead anywhere good . 
  even during the end of europes empires a crown prince of a dynasty that already lost their original hier was probably valued higher than the lives of 300 normal people . 
  ( just my impression ), 
  to fly a flag on half mast you need a official declared day of mourning . 
  you can detect the political motivation behind the dude pressing the fire button ? 
  that 's some sweet technology !, 
  except the last guy . 
  who is also the one eyed in a world of the blind . 
  it was more a joke than a serious observation . 
  and they say germans do n't understand humor ...  that being said you 'd be surprised how many tours the different `` alpenvereine/alpine clubs '' ( swiss , austrian and german ) make in the other countries . 
  so they act in or near the ocean like they do on the mountains :d, 
  no problem i will always defend the flawless spawn of zeus . 
  probably just fell into some holes at the beach . 
  thanks germany . 
  source ? 
  show me something that a black scientist wrote and then they took the barbie blond scientist because of this weird conspiracy of yours . 
  show me that all these universities out there that try so desperately to paint diversity on their flags actually have these black scientists but hide them away for whatever reasons . 
  you do n't understand they literally work the hardest and longest , are the best people have the most superior culture but because the evil german neo nazi empire decided to fuck them up they now have to suffer this crimes against humanity like having to pay taxes or registering your dead grandpa and stop collecting his pension . 
  good to know that you think your experience simply overwrites his and neither of you feels like it is necessary to provide some prove . 
  quality discussion here really . 
  the % is n't in their favor . 
  yes there are some but there are by far more white and asian scientists . 
  none of the major science institutions are african , besides maybe european and american funded ones that gain something from this specific location ( like observatories ) . 
  this pc cry for equal representation makes zero sense if there is n't any equality in that field in reality . 
  most african countries compared to europe , the us or some asian countries lacks nearly everything that is needed for an successful science institution to exist . 
  the economy to fund , the general education for people to even have the option to go into `` science '' , the stability to invest a lot of money with no immediately pay out and so on . 
  buy her a book about the holocaust , they/we love a constant reminder that they/we are terrible people . 
  - edit : on a more serious note though , i 'm not sure if getting all that german stuff is really necessary , just tell her that you are happy to help if they are really missing something but besides that i 'd say the more american the better , that 's what she is there for after all . 
  for example the mentioned bread , yes i think that german bread is pretty much the best , yet one of my best experiences was tail gating with classic american sandwiches ( and hot dogs etc. ), 
  because for me it was like something i only knew out of movies . 
  things like that are the ones that stay with you for ever , experiencing a different culture . 
  i just stumbled over you other comments in the other thread on the / r/europe frontpage about this issue . 
  there is nothing to gain from this discussion with you or your submissions . 
  i can watch american dad when i want your pov on something . 
  your definition of a stable environment amuses me . 
  europe was parted and on the edge of war . 
  the nato has no longer an enemy so it is completely outdated and unnecessary . 
   going even further than that , i 'd even take the position that the eu would n't even exist without the security that does n't matter and i doubt it is true . 
   why do n't you go tell your politicians to keep building southstream despite it being against the interests of your fellow eu member-states , and i would even say , the european union as a whole . 
  oh yeah that 40km from one eu member to another truly hurt the union . 
  security from who ? 
  only danger to the eu is the us . 
  well good to know that . 
  next time we have problems with imimgrants we just move them somewhere outside of the city borders and the problems vanish . 
  good thinking !, 
  like i said the same goes for london , and plenty of other cities . 
  there are few cities that did not grow out of their borders . 
  just because the parisienne ghettos are not legally part of paris does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  and their existence are the reason why it is very reasonable to say that paris is not a role model in city planning . 
  and yet it has ghettos in the suburbs that in your opinion `` are not paris '' and therefore not an argument against parisienne city planning . 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't see where this will lead . 
  2 opinions with no way back or forward . 
  city borders are really not important , very few cities are only within their borders . 
  i mean look at the city of london for example . 
  that 's why people usually talk about metro areas . 
  most companies changed negerk\u00fcsse now they are called schokokuss ( ~ chocolatekiss ) or schaumkuss ( = ~ cream/foamkiss ) ) , but in austria we call them schwedenbomben ( swedish bombs ) anyway so it was n't an issue . 
  neger is on a whole different level than mohr though . 
  i do like a shot of lemon juice in my tea , or nothing , never really liked milk in it . 
  but germany lost against russia , how does that make sense ? 
   you need to be thankful that they resigned from conquering your eastern part and did n't partioned vienna ... because you were nazis too i do n't see the connection and i never denied it . 
  do you guys actually drink tea with milk ? 
  i always thought that the british were kind of tea purists and putting milk in it is kind of a c.european thing . 
  american white guilt ruining a harmless european tradition . 
  it 's like when that dude tried to outlaw the name of the dessert '' [ mohr im hemd ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mohr_im_hemd ) '' in austria . 
   older people reminds ww2 younger remains communism ( which de facto was result of nazi invasion ) that i never understood . 
  i mean yeah i understand the idea but it 's not like you could have beaten russia . 
  it feels a little like if austrians would blame the russians because the uk promised south tyrol to italy if they switch sides . 
   also , we are highly frustrated by the confusion westerners make between romanians and roma people . 
  the reason for that is because when they are from romania the press just writes `` criminal from romania '' . 
  also the holocaust thing that makes blaming the romas a little awkward . 
   paris is super regulated , and organized ... 
  so why do you have ghettos ? 
  sch\u00f6nbrunn is way cooler and had/has apes in it , there is also a zoo . 
   bavarians a a superior people obviously not good enough to be austrian . 
   whoever has a flag with three stripes not our fault that everyone copies the design or even the whole flag ( latvia ! ) . 
  the legend is pretty cool about it  according to legend , the flag was already invented by duke leopold v of austria as a consequence of his fighting during the siege of acre . 
  after a fierce battle , his white surcoat was completely drenched in blood . 
  when he removed his belt , the cloth underneath was untouched by it , revealing the combination of red-white-red . 
  so taken was he by this singular sight that he adopted the colors and scheme as his banner . 
  the incident was documented as early as 1260, 
  from all the sunburns i got during my different vacations i got the worst in ireland . 
  i do n't know how i did it . 
  are you seriously arguing that the uk had a real food shortage because you only got enough milk for 2 tea breaks a day instead of how many you like ? 
   on friday , german mass media reported the detention of a mid-level 31-year-old bnd officer who confessed to passing over to the us national security agency ( nsb ) is the nsb the b-team from the nsa ? 
  no the uncomfortable truth is that people do n't understand the difference between an ethnic german and being of german nationality . 
  it did n't help that germany had to call itself after our shared ethnicity , nobody would say `` you have always been prussian ! '', 
  but since germany became germany being german means being from germany and no longer being german . 
  so back in the days when austrians called themselves germans it meant something else . 
  that 's actually kinda difficult to explain for me in english . 
   they planned far ahead of time so vienna wo n't become paris and even built a water pipeline from the alps to vienna . 
  the hochquellenleitung was build under kaiser franz joseph ? 
   if anything , i 'd love to move to germany , austria ( grandpa 's from there ) , or britain . 
  while i think it 's great that you want to come to germany or austria i had the urge to warn you that we love our paperwork and complicated bureaucracy that will hit you and annoy you if you want to emigrate and open a business at the same time ( or shortly after ) . i do n't know if it 's the same in germany . 
   secular austria is a little difficult in that terms , there is vienna and than there is the rest ( rural areas ) .
