  `` after the election of 1999 , despite emerging only in third place after the elections , the \u00d6vp formed a coalition with the right wing-populist freedom party ( fp\u00d6 ) in early 2000 . 
  the sp\u00d6 , which was the strongest party in the 1999 elections , and the greens now form the opposition . 
  as a result of the inclusion of the fp\u00d6 on the government , the eu imposed symbolic sanctions on austria , which were revoked six months later . 
  the usa and israel , as well as various other countries , also reduced contacts with the austrian government . 
  the \u00d6vp was re-elected , this time with a plurality of votes , in the 2002 elections , and formed another coalition government with the fp\u00d6 , this time largely ignored by other countries . '', 
  the fp\u00d6 is a right-wing populist party but they are not worse than the equivalent in france for example which would be fn maybe even a little lighter on the national stage , especially 15 years ago there has been a constant shift towards the right in the last 15 years in europe so todays right wing is in my eyes not the same as back then . 
  i do n't find it important though , i really dislike them and i 'm dread the day the will be in a position of power again , but that other nations in the eu would sanction austria for a democratically elected government is still mindboggling and one of the many roots of the great distrust austrians have for the union . 
  is n't every 2nd wc without england ? 
  ofc they are now . 
  but it is important to remember that they did n't care until it blew up in a way that it hurt their business . 
  we also got sanctioned for having a right wing party in the government coalition , something plenty of countries that did sanction us had since then themselves . 
  it is always easy to `` show your strengh '' against a country with just 8mio citizens . 
   i listen to lots of japanese , [ ... ] music . 
  ha nerd !, 
  jokes aside i do n't quite get what your point is . 
  they are the only ones that actually like that show . 
  i always say i 'm not an alcoholic but a patriot !, 
  we do n't do anything with our flag because nazi . 
  you guys have plenty of weeaboos over there , do n't sell yourself short !, 
  that 's the least you could do after they founded you little terror campaign . 
  it 's more like the guy watching it on liveleak and that guy might be a little wrong in the head but he is not in the wrong . 
  god i wish i had videos of my political leaders falling off of stuff in animal costumes . 
  you guys are so lucky . 
  i think that was a joke because the royal family originates from germany . 
  oh i thought you are the same guy that asked the question . 
  did n't notice . 
  i do n't know exactly what you are getting at here , it was simply an answer to this question `` i do n't know of any briton 's who are pissed off at this . 
  go to / r/ukpolitics, 
  the association is right though he worked in vienna and his music is part of the wiener klassik . 
  , the thing is that germans claim we stole beethoven and some germans think it is unfair that germany gets blamed for wwii because hitler was born in austria . 
  it is an topic that comes up surprisingly often . 
   well that is seen as a terrible idea in the uk . 
  to the point where it is considered economic ignorance driven for purely populist reasons . 
  the fact it also pretty much exclusively targets the uk is another issue . 
  let 's not forget that the banking system in every country in europe screwed the very same country . 
  this is not something that just came out of nowhere . 
  / r/ukpolitics is essentially `` always knew the germans had no humor , how dare they to use sterotypes - we are so great '', 
  we still have gold ? 
  thought our retarded government sold it all prior to the financial crisis when gold prices were at an all time low . 
   if i 'm not mistaken , every single one is a tiny island in the caribbean , . 
   venezuela is not a tiny island . 
  calm down kiddo . 
   should n't i as a dutchman care about the suffering of the greek peoples , because they are my fellow europeans ? 
  do you care about everyone in the netherlands ? 
  i certainly do n't care about every austrian , carinthia voted repeatedly a bunch of retards and now their state sucks , the only feeling i have for this situation is anger because ofc the government had to step in and pay for them trying to play with the big kids . 
  i feel the same for greece . 
  location does n't matter much in this case . 
  i did notice that with accidents or disasters i apparently have a strong `` we and they '' view , the earthquake and tsunami in japan hit me harder than the one in haiti , the german wings plane crash hit me harder than the malaysian plane going missing etc. 
  venezuela is also not an overseas territory of the dutch . 
   we also have overseas territories , we will need some kind of force to back that up if i 'm not mistaken , every single one is a tiny island in the caribbean , so getting rid of tanks should n't affect that negatively as there is no way to properly use them there . 
  smoking , but thanks to the green party we will be able to join our friends in being obese in a few years . 
   how is that relevant or responds to anything ? 
   what i suggest is you try to understand why things happen the way they do . 
  that 's how . 
  the pushback increased significantly once the greek decided to argue it is everyones else fault but theirs . 
  there is a reason why from the piigs it is always about greece . 
  and yet one is a elected government and the other are some media outlets with varying influence . 
  dunno if it was in a gay pub , it is heavily suspected that he was gay but i do n't know if it was ever proven . 
  he did die in a car crash after driving drunk but he was no longer the leader of the fp\u00d6 , he founded his own party bz\u00d6 a little before dying . 
  edit : [ j\u00f6rg haider ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%b6rg_haider ), 
  in austria this is simple , neo and old nazis ( the later dying out since it has been some time ) . 
  the far right ( [ fp\u00d6 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_party_of_austria ) ) has the constant problem that while their core tends to sympasize with the extreme right they can not publicy support this because they would lose their more center leaning voters . 
  the fp\u00d6 has been rising each election for various reasons but one of the more serious one is that people are very disappointed with our current government that is a coalition of both ( former ) main parties \u00d6vp and sp\u00d6 . 
  so in order to punish them they vote the fp\u00d6 since at the moment you can not punish the government by voting the main party in opposition . 
  the guesses vary a lot but it is save to assume that if they 'd stop denying any involvement with neo nazis they would take a serious hit in the next election by losing a good chunk of `` protest voters '' . 
  so what they do is claiming that there were no nazis on convention x or rally y while there are plenty of pictures of them , supporting their local politicians that once more got sued for `` wiederbet\u00e4tiging '' and if they lose letting them fade out into irrelevance . 
  it would be funny to watch if it were n't so sad that so many people chose to ignore the obvious connections . 
  there are also some royalists , but very very few and i do n't know if they are extreme in anything besides being catholic ( just like the habsburger themselves ) , but they are so irrelevant that no party has to fear to be associated with them . 
  3 outcomes i can think of . 
  it will be used by one side as propaganda , one side attacks or hinders the aid because you are helping the wrong people and/or you are creating a dependence and the moment you are `` done '' it goes all to shit again . 
   poverty , illness , violence for example . 
  i ca n't think about a way to solve just one of these problems from europe . 
  he also used it to his advantage with no 2nd thoughts of harming others or breaking the law . 
  it 's easy to play a samaritan if you sit on a few billion dollars you essentially robbed . 
  really that 's what you took away from that comment ? 
   t\u00f8jhusmuseet yes this was it , thank you !, 
  i was there ~ 3 years ago . 
  if i remember right it started with some viking stuff , had a lot of canons , some wwii artillery and tanks and all that usual ( interesting ) stuff you 'd expect in a military history museum but it `` ended '' with a tour through the life of a danish soldier in afghanistan from receiving the letter , training ( i think ) , a outpost in afghanistan with a watchtower and ended with a hummer wrecked by an ied . 
  i went there because i really like that older history stuff but i was most impressed by the review/analysis of a war ( not sure if that is the right translation for what i mean ) that was still going on at the moment . 
  great stuff and did n't expect it at all . 
  you guys have a pretty cool military museum in copenhagen thought !, 
  then again that kastellet was pretty lame . 
  win some and lose some . 
  what about sweden 1 or just sweden ? 
  already covered that . 
  read the comments . 
   and why do n't they want to ? 
  because germany and france do n't want to risk their troops being on the line against russia should it come to it . 
  the troops there are pretty much as save as in bavaria . 
  it is romania and not the ukraine . 
   if this is n't about protecting europe , what continent do you think it 's about ? 
  it is for people like you . 
   you seem to have this ludicrous view that something can only serve europe if it 's through the eu . 
   it 's particularly cynical coming from these countries , who are only free today because democracies stood up against autocracy 70 years ago , yet they 're not willing to do the same today . 
  do n't talk about freedom brit . 
  you guys have an equal amount of shit on your stick . 
   germany , france , italy ? 
  nowhere to be seen . 
  that 's weird considering the participated in the drill i mentioned . 
  this discussion is over , you are delusional , wank yourself one on the queen or whatever you do but i will no longer answer .
