  i mean of course the cities do n't have the exact same buildings in them but i also felt that the buildingstyles are pretty much the same in the older parts of the towns . 
   bath , bristol , exeter i 've been in that exact area ( years ago ) for language training and our experiences were very different . 
  people were pretty much assholes with a few exceptions and for a good part of the families using these exchanges as a welcome additional income they sure hated foreign kids . 
  peach formed and firm ? 
  did you just explain op his own joke ? 
   you really believe that americas very existence was under threat in korea , egypt , china , cuba , laos , brasil , vietnam , bolivia , cambodia , lebanon , israel + surroundings countries , somalia , grenada , honduras , nicaragua , chad , kuwait and the persian gulf , panama , philippines , balkan countries , afghanistan and iraq again . 
  ofc i missed probably another 20 countries and ofc nearly all happened more than once . 
  even the big wars : korea , vietnam , iraq x2 where never a threat to america , the only thing that falls under that is the cuba missle crisis . 
  you really believe that americas very existence was under threat in korea , egypt , china , cuba , laos , brasil , vietnam , bolivia , cambodia , lebanon , israel + surroundings countries , somalia , grenada , honduras , nicaragua , chad , kuwait and the persian gulf , panama , philippines , balkan countries , afghanistan and iraq again . 
  ofc i missed probably another 20 countries and ofc nearly all happened more than once . 
  even the big wars : korea , vietnam , iraq x2 where never a threat to america , the only thing that falls under that is the cuba missle crisis . 
  what a useless comment . 
  it does n't matter what the official reasons were . 
  because it is not only the us war . 
  you guys are always at war since world war 2 and many of them were dumb . 
  added to this some unofficial wars you should get the picture . 
  i imagine that you live your life with this logic applied to everything . 
  helped up some old guy that tripped ? 
  now you are allowed to push one over and still even out at `` neutral '' . 
  i love pizza as much as the next guy , but it never came to my mind to go out and celebrate it . 
  haha everybody comes to austria , and additional to all that income we also have educated people that have work and that 's why we are n't a piig like you . 
  and yet life is better here than in italy . 
  puts some context to how much you suck does n't it ? 
  reich is always better !, 
  yeah it is just coincidence that the austrian parts of italy work and the non austrian suck . 
  i still think we should deconstruct triest and move it back home , you clearly do n't deserve it . 
  what would you call it ? 
  reich is always better ... 
   two germanic empire 's that think they can own all of europe . 
  what a weird view of wwi . 
  still landlocked ... goddamnit !, 
  yeah thanks i corrected that . 
  i 've taken a shit on every continent except the antarktis and been to ~ 30 different countries which is way above average . 
  yeah in distance you guys are actually pretty close , it just does n't feel like that . 
  `` i never thought i 'd say that '' is what i wanted to say !, 
  you are not sure what the brit starting stretching his anal muscles the moment he sees stars and stripes has to do with an eu-usa treaty ? 
  oh yeah i do n't go there but that was because of the palestinians . 
  that thinking is why you guys should just leave the union and become americas 51s state , i mean you guys already have them so deep up your butt might as well put it on paper . 
  i really dig italy 's politicians lately and i never thought i 'd say that . 
  their dash cams end up here but considering their size i rarely see russians . 
  i mean just think about germans they are everywhere downvoting awesome jokes because they hate fun , russians should be twice as present going by population . 
  yeah that seems impossible . 
  i just tried to communicate the differences between real distance and felt distance , i mean portugal gets usually put into the `` south '' category although you guys are also the most western country and countries like albania will never be in `` the south '' but in `` the east '' or `` south east '' at best . 
  maybe this stuff is especially weird in austria since we are pretty `` deep '' in the east from other countries viewpoint but see us as central or the west so our viewpoint is fucked up . 
  i thought that i answered it although you could add spain as well . 
  it 's a summer vacation spot , i 'm still talking about `` felt distance '' , these are countries people book cheap vacations to to get some colour when we have another summer that just skips austria ( like this one ) . 
  well portugal is for me in the same category as greece , turkey , egypt while italy is on it 's own as `` really close '' . 
  cheap and `` close '' sun , also a really bitching fish cuisine since we lack that as land locked country . 
  yeah sure i realize that , normally headlines in austria are something like `` dog `` wuffi '' found after an 20min odysee in the untersiebenbrunn dogpark '' so something like that is really appreciated by the press . 
  but it was still the last time lithuania was mentioned that stuck in my mind . 
  edit : it is worth mentioning that austria has an unseen large tabloid influence , murdoch is nothing against the influence the `` dichand '' family has here . 
  yes , thank you it started to really bother me that i could n't recall the name . 
  in my other comment i already tried to describe the incident but i ca n't remember enough . 
  some russian military or kgb guy that killed ( ? ), 
  some people in a tv station ( i think ) during an uprising or maybe the fall of the su . 
  it is really a shame how much that part of history is ignored in austrian schools i know nearly nothing about it so i ca n't even research the incident because with the few informations i do n't get any results . 
  anyways he landed in vienna a few years ago and austria refused to arrest him and send him to the baltikum country that he wronged , after that there was a lot of coverage about them hating austria in the tabloids , and some mentioning of it in the actual newspapers . 
  edit : mikhail golovatov was the guy and lithuania the country . 
  i ca n't remember enough about him to find anything on google . 
  it was a guy that killed ( ? ), 
  some people at a tv station ( i think ) during an uprising . 
  a few years ago he landed in vienna and it was expected that austria arrests him and sends him to estonia/latvia/lithuania but we did n't and after that there was an outcry in that country . 
  `` east of poland '' was actually a really bad way to say it , what i meant was the `` feeling of distance '' . 
  finland for example is for me clearly `` close '' although it is really far away in distance and nearly all of it is eastern of poland . 
  i really lack the eloquence in english to put it into better words . 
  that all said the last time i actually heard anything of the baltic states was that you really hate us for sending some russian back home that suppressed you during a revolt ( actually/sadly i 'm so bad informed about the whole history of the baltic states i do n't even know if you revolted with the use of violence or could just walk away ) . 
  funny how that works for me as an austrian czechia or slovenia are close but that 's as far as actual distance goes . 
  parts of the ukraine are for example actually a lot closer to me than the netherlands but it does n't feel that way . 
   i used to think war in europe was impossible . 
  never again . 
  and i 'm not talking about ww3 , just about what 's happening now . 
  will make me sound like a dick but i still think that everything east of poland is so far away from me it does n't feel like it is the same continent . 
  so that you guys can be even more smug about everything while you fail to mention that money pours out of your floor ? 
  no thank you !, 
  at least the russians do n't know about reddit . 
  i have a very nice cellar , you should come and take a look at that lock . 
  these people ca n't be germans since they are n't wearing sandals with white socks . 
  i know , i just have feeling i 'm not complaining to the french often enough that i nearly had to repeat a class in school because of their language . 
  does it talk with a cute anime voice and comments on privates ? 
  asking for a friend here . 
  reducing portions and giving it a name were half the letters are not pronounced is not improving something . 
  `` the best chefs '' / = `` the chefs i saw on youtube '' . 
  typical pothead , get off your couch , do n't fall into a canal and experience the world !, 
  yeah i 'm sitting here on my mountain and usually blame people far away that are afraid of heights . 
  austrian way of life !, 
  when they do come i complain about them ruining my ski resorts by buying the overpriced stuff , enjoying themselves and basically just existing . 
  also they pronounce kaffee really wrong . 
  kaffee and waffe ca n't be pronounced the same , i mean there is a fucking second `` e '' , guys you ca n't just ignore the 2nd `` e '' , it has a purpose and stuff . 
  sure is . 
  you wo n't believe that one for example , there are people out there that actually can brew somewhat decent beer ( not bears ) or import really good beer from austria but then go out and buy becks . 
  and the one time a bear made it over the borders to educate them about beer they immediately shot him . 
  [ r.i.p bruno , never forget , greatest crime in european history . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bear_jj1 ) there are people out there that called themselves after a language and now think the language is called after them , and they do n't even speak it properly !, 
  there are people out there that make schnitzel nach wiener art without a coating of flour !, 
  it just makes no sense and is not a world i want to be a part of anyway . 
  imagine this : you and your group are in front of a cave and because of language difficulties with the locals you do n't know if bears or beers await you inside . 
  now you really want to go inside that cave and get some cold beer but you ca n't know if there is n't a bear inside instead , what do you do ? 
  you send the group-idiot in and wait , if it turns out ok you claim your share . 
  that is the austrian way of life . 
  so please `` legalize it '' next and do n't kill yourselves over it ( too much ) .
