  shit got confusing when the germans ( nationality ) called them self germans . 
  austrians are still germans ( ethnic ) , with a lot of slavic influence though just not germans ( nationality ) . 
  is portuguese export wine a thing ? 
  i mean an economically relevant thing for portugal ? 
  i always thought it 's for them like for us ( austria ) were the exports are great to have and everything but in the end we drink most of our stuff ourselves . 
  they were broth here as cheap labor and had kebab and violence with them . 
  north germany has so shitty bread , south germany is were it is and that 's probably because they are close to austria . 
  so you are saying it should be difficult for him to settle in a country that has no open-borders agreement with his home ? 
  well consider your wish fulfilled . 
  you do n't understand texans say `` howdoyoudo '' and that guy does n't that makes the us so diverse also he eat at an indian restaurant once . 
  actually , no . 
  invading something does n't make you an accepted part of a continent , the huns were n't european either . 
  apparently everyone in that subreddit except me gets some sweet free eu cheese . 
  i want free cheese . 
  i hate the eu . 
  ah come one at least it 's a country on the same continent . 
  try austria and australia . 
  back in the days when i was in ireland with my school a teacher at a highschool we visited was really confused that a class from australia would come to ireland to learn english and that everyone spoke german . 
  i wish i was joking . 
  why the dollar sign but no $ ? 
  that 's such a piece of crap . 
  nobody in his right mind likes fekter and i usually just skip these `` he said that and she said this '' stuff in the news but that quote out of it 's kontex is n't wrong . 
  the jews were very prominent in the banking sector . 
  you can say what you want honey , it does n't become the truth though . 
  that 's all you could come up with trying to get me `` to rage '' ? 
  no humor and not even able to decently insult someone , just quit the internet . 
  what has being half belarussion to do with anything here ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  you are just a prime example why germans are very easy to dislike , even now trying to belittle me while at the same time trying to be `` the reasonable '' , you are an asshole , at least admit it to yourself and live a honest life . 
  from the 2 germans that responded in this thread now 2 called me hitler , shows just how awfully stuck up you guys are . 
  as funny as when ever some german gets called nazi the first response is `` but he was austrian qq '', 
  get that stick out of your ass , grow up and then i might consider you worth a second thought . 
  from a german that 's a compliment . 
  at least it is proven that germans really do n't understand humor . 
  and as austrian i hate the germans for calling them germans after our ethnicity leaving us with nothing , again . 
  as always . 
  our constitution forbids us to join forces with germany , also the reason why austria joined the eu so late . 
  austria ca n't come :(, 
  seriously here i 'm eating ramen like the student i am and you guys live like kings , first time in my life that i sympathize with the right wing parties that tell me the eu just takes my money to give it away while flooding the cities with ... ah you know what they say it 's everywhere the same . 
  northern europe wtf ? 
  all that reddit hype got you a little self centered ? 
  top post in this thread . 
  this comment completely destroys the picture op wanted to paint . 
  so much entitlement . 
  only one word you need to know in german : `` piefke '' ; plural : piefken . 
  to be honest judging from nowadays it might have done us some good , a scandal on a smaller case with everything suffering in sales but remaining more or less the same would have been worse . 
  very tan austrians in speedos . 
  latvia was founded by a group of very tan austrians . 
  just angry because the nl driving license fucks up everyone 's night . 
  why the fuck is the `` 5 '' not in the top right corner , what idiot thought that it 's a good idea to have 10-500 with the number in the top right corner but the 5 has it in the middle now . 
  i would poke holes in my money to if it were that worthless . 
   they were seriously dumb regulations . 
  the kind of regulations that would set back the whole of the eu compared to the rest of the world . 
  and yet somehow we are in a crisis created by the banking sectors power over politics . 
  also just saying `` it was dumb '' is is n't really helpful . 
   every country should really be thinking twice about paying more and more next year to an institution who 's own auditors have n't been able to sign off their own budget . 
  not just this year but 17 years in a row . 
  that 's no answer , please explain me who else profits from gb paying less . 
  so for mutual respect the other nations need to do something for you first and then depending on the gesture being enough or not you may or may not step down from your throne and tell us your next demands eye to eye . 
  how would it benefit most eu menbers ? 
  next thing you tell me is that britain paying less than they should benefits most eu members . 
  or that when a brit gets a position in brussels and he again only hires others from his home country it somehow benefits most members . 
  that the blocking of any regulations for the banking sector somehow benefits anyone other than the city of london . 
  no britain treats the rest of the eu as subordinates in a really disgusting way . 
  `` we do n't want immigrants so you have to take them '', 
  greece , portugal , spain & italy are not really tiny combined . 
  so instead you want us to bend the knee to you . 
  that mentality is why brits are the greatest assholes on the continent . 
  because `` britain 's good ideas '' are only good for britain . 
  no if they do n't want to be part of europe and are to stupid to see the obvious benefits than they should leave . 
  that puts by far to much blame on germany alone . 
  the countries in the south and their people still live far above their economic output and vote governments because they promise them shit their country ca n't afford . 
   the appalling unemployment and wealth destruction visited on the south of europe is their own fault , stop blaming the one who pays your shit and start running a decent working country . 
  i asked which movement want 's to separate northern tyrol from austria , you posted a movement that wants a unified tyrol as austrian state . 
  and now you read the site you posted . 
   `` self-determination of the province from italy and its reunification with the state of tyrol within austria . '', 
   `` south tyrol is not italy '' and the austrian flag as background . 
   `` tyroleans would decide whether they want to be part of italy or the austrian state of tyrol '', 
  what separatist group wants to take northern tyrol from austria ? 
  several states lost huge amounts of money with only the political leaders to blame and we have a new party based on some old rich guy . 
  prussians have no humor . 
  prussians speak the weirdest german . 
  my neighbors are a portuguese/spanish couple , very nice people and that 's why i threat them nice . 
  i doubt that anyone from these countries ( + italy , greece ) would face racism in austria but unfortunately ca n't claim the same for people from turkey for example . 
  edit : i want to add that italy as a boarding country already has quite a few people here and they are never a group that gets attacked by right wing politicians . 
  buy better spoons o.o, 
  but british products suffer the same fate in the rest of the eu ? 
  that 's the normal way to eat most noodles , and you use the spoon as ground to twirl -  you eat it with spoon and fork which some german guy mentioned in the original thread and was made fun of as well -  they do n't eat it that way, 
  i think it was big in the 80s in the age group 16-22 . 
  always find it a little annoying that the french think they have a extraordinary wine culture , you guys are just lacking a beer culture . 
  also white wine with a little water in it is the best way to consume alcohol without directly passing out on a hot day . 
  definitely not a drink for past 5 though . 
  wait are these americans arguing that cutting noodles like a kid is the proper way to eat noodles ? 
  austria : when it 's cold we like to stand outside and drink hot spiced wine . 
  nope do n't flatter yourself , just wont repeat myself . 
  just read it again kid . 
  as you obviously do n't have a single argument in your favor i ca n't take you serious . 
  not having the same view on immigration the majority in this subreddit has is different so your examples do n't matter . 
  that 's the definition of censorship kid . 
  exact same for me .
