   the common austrian just does n't grasp how much we 've benefited from the eu and how little say we 'd have in world matters otherwise . 
  is there a way to have less say than the interior minister from germany trying to dictate policies to austria ? 
  the eu commision being against talks between `` lesser '' countries while at the same time completely failing to do anything . 
  in general i like the eu , the thing i personally profit most from are the open borders , but saying that the common austrian just does n't have a idea is not fair . 
  not to forget the fact that austria was boycotted by the other member states for a democratic elected government . 
  what travesty are we talking about ? 
  kinda out of the loop here . 
  no they will install a screw in newcastle and push you to the us . 
  ireland wont be that happy about that though ... 
  what circle ? 
   i think everyone here would be happy if some other nation just stepped up maybe we will send you someone ... 
   i blame the swiss french . 
  as is tradition . 
  yeah denmark minus the parts that kill whales is the least likely to kill whales !, 
  there is nothing nice about frankfurt . 
  til they do n't have wallets in the uk . 
  surpise anschlussing is illegal without germany . 
  copyright laws and that stuff . 
  that was n't really the question but thanks for the input , guess nobody told us ... 
  good thing we have blog posts , they are such great and reliable sources . 
   incomprehensible i mean did you actually try to understand the dislike some austrians have for germans ? 
  makes perfect sense . 
   about that-a way : `` only the typical greek redditor can claim that saying they will not send syrians back to greece is another evil master plan to fuck over greece . '', 
  how is that `` talking in the name of others '' ? 
  i am stating my impression of greek reddit users . 
  who are pretty much professional victims without actually getting paid for it . 
  in every 2nd post here there is someone with the blue and white flag spinning it as a conspiracy against the great greece . 
   , i do believe we both agree that if a person 's words or wording proved to cause a crisis , or magnify an already existing one there should be consequences , otherwise it leaves open door for everybody to act senselessly . 
  i do agree and i also do n't agree with merkels statement , i am actually quite surprised that there was nobody ( or they were ignored ) that could see that coming . 
  but that was n't what i was originally commenting on . 
   i 'm far from being an expert but from what i read her approval rate is going down rather fast and i ca n't really see a way of changing that unless if actions are taken , yes but her original approval rate was really really good for the head of an european government , ca n't remember the last time there was anyone with equal ratings in austria and our politicians still manage to not stay in office but even get reelected . 
   and speak in the name of others where ? 
   does my smug answer satisfy you , even in the least ? 
  not really , at first you agree that it is not smart to attack any and everything germany does , and this is exactly what i was criticizing but then you go on an claim that other politicians would have been fired for this . 
  while possible it is n't the whole truth , as long as her ratings are ok she will be ok . 
  what a worthless comment . 
  try explaining me why i am wrong or did n't you think that far and hoped a smug remark was enough ? 
  only the typical greek redditor can claim that saying they will not send syrians back to greece is another evil master plan to fuck over greece . 
  [ a state of austria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/styria ), 
   they do n't speak even basic german german hey come on , even if you have trouble understanding austrian german or swiss german you should be able to make yourself at least understood . 
  so if germany takes over europe it would work everywhere ? 
  got ya ... guys good news !, 
  let 's not forget the schnitzel in n\u00fcrnberg . 
  hey we are in the news and it is not about kidnapping girls ( well directly at least ) , good times . 
  the plan has always been the netherlands . 
  it makes sense if you think about it , they slowly build a land bridge to the uk and even speak a weird mixture of english and german . 
  yet . 
  i meant amerika , maybe it happened with mein land too but i only remember the discussion from amerika . 
  this one is , but i remember the same `` debate '' about the rammstein song that was a little more subtle . 
  is n't switzerland the dominant country in efta ? 
  by far ? 
  if i remember right ( it has been a while ) the 4th period ends at something like 11:45 . 
   `` german cars '' triggers brexiters now calling it a silly meme when they spent the whole campaign bleating that we 're going to get amazing special treatment because of le ' cars . 
  i might be out of the loop here . 
  what was it with german cars that was used in the brexit campain ? 
  just that because they want to sell cars in the uk that every trade deal will be done quick ? 
  and now it is used against them because it does n't seem like that ? 
  i think that was the jersey shore episode . 
  something along the lines of t [ hese people ] ( http://www.mtvasia.com/gsp/mtvasia-shows/jersey-shore-season3/wallpaper/js-group-01-1600x900.jpg ) being an epidemic and turning everyone into people like them . 
   rely on a collection of civil servants that are apolitical . 
  hah , not in austria . 
  having the right party membership was a unofficial requirement for these positions for ages . 
  i 'd guess this was n't / ist n't that different in most other eu countries . 
   they ca n't play the `` enemy on the inside '' card why ca n't they ? 
  the left did fine with playing that card since the end of wwii until 5-10 years ago . 
  so they should have 2 generations of time to come up with something new as well . 
   i do n't know any nation 's leader despite putin that feels any kind of love for this maniac . 
  that philippine guy seems to share a few interests with him . 
   there could be a significant gap between the two . 
  but since they do n't have to leave if the request is unsuccessful it does n't really matter . 
   by comparison , 8 police died in the line of duty through foreign injury since 2003 : 2003-2013 . 
  does switzerland have these kind of statistics ? 
  i tried finding some for austria but had no luck . 
  i remember 2 cases from 2016 , austria having about 1/10 of the population of germany . 
  yeah i already gathered that from the first reply buddy . 
  sure , bread is cheap as fuck to make . 
   it is due to regional tastes . 
  i would hardly call not having dark bread the way to judge if a bakery is good . 
  that 's not what i am saying , it is just a symptom . 
  cutting out half of the menu would make it necessary to excel at the other half and that is simply not happening . 
  see my previous example the `` semmel '' , even rather expensive american bakery chains like panera have rolls that are simply not right , and they do n't even try making darker bread or laugengeb\u00e4ck . 
  same goes for other white breads like baguette . 
  that being said not a biggest fan of polish bread either , even northern germany already struggles . 
  but that is way to detailed , / u/ltburtreynolds and i are still discussing if everything made on the american continent is by default superior , because he was born there , or not . 
  by eating bread in the us . 
  also because my mothers favorite story to tell any girlfriend or friend i introduce her to is that as a kid i started to cry when we found a german bakery in the us after 6 weeks , ( with real semmeln !! ) . 
  as you can see my credentials blow your hostility out of the water . 
  a bakery / = a good bakery , but yeah even if they were they are way more spread out , i 'd say in general people do n't like going to an extra store `` just '' for bread . 
  or well dislike it even more than here , where bakeries still have to deal with the issue that supermarkets are killing them . 
  no , but good ( and common ( ! ) ), 
  bakeries are very rare and hard to find in either , especially if you like darker bread . 
  neither can the russians so that evens out . 
  is n't purpose defined by length ? 
  especially if it is that different , i highly doubt that a fence that is shorter than the average dog walk has the same purpose as one that is longer than vienna -  budapest and back . 
  523 kilometres vs. 1.8 ? 
  quite similar . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  `` americans are born all over the world and just have n't come home yet !!! '', 
  i 'd assume that while monsanto products being introduced in europe is part of the plan ( actually the part that this stuff started with ) the main goal of bayer will be getting a better hold on the american markets . 
   responsible for applying the glue to these envelopes .
