  the only real german hym : [ bruttosozialprodukt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qbi4dqfyze ) translation : http://home.wlu.edu/~smitkam/102/brutt.html ( the translation is actually kinda bad but it should be enough to get the point across ), 
   if you mistakenly consider germany to be the center of europe , feel free to call sweden and austria eastern european . 
  really now this stuff with the ural being the border ? 
  austria is the center , it is in our hymn and therefor the only truth . 
  edit . 
  i just wanted to complain about germans working in switzerland and living in germany . 
  best of both worlds ... assholes . 
  that video does n't convince me . 
  `` the richest ones are catching up '' simply says that it is still very visible . 
  edit : but it raises one interesting point . 
  eastern europe is just a bad brand name . 
  nobody wants to be in it . 
  i also do n't want to be in danube europe . 
  stop being so butthurt about that . 
  with all the serious issues in this thread like some rumanian guy calling austrian food bad we really should n't focus on this stuff . 
  that being said the cold war might be over but it is not outdated , the line is still very clear in a lot of statistics and comparisons and the culture . 
  even geographically poland is more eastern . 
  tell your people that if you start producing trabants again i would buy one . 
  spread the word !, 
  this examples can be sorted in two groups : 1 ) actual british food 2 ) decent and good food, 
  even austria managed to reform that outdated system . 
  when we can do it everyone can !, 
  a normal or gay police couple ? 
  well at least in austria we do n't get proper guns , i think they got that stuff out of our war and military museum when they picked up our tanks . 
  i feel ignored . 
  i do exist you know . 
  it does n't matter really if money comes out of your dirt . 
  a little like switzerland , everything is fucking expensive but since they also earn insane wages it evens out or they can just drive across the border and live like kings . 
  on which side of the iron curtain was austria ? 
  on which side was poland ? 
  there you have it . 
  we are western , you are eastern . 
  it 's all based on the cold war . 
  then leave . 
  on a serious note though , you split austrian-hungarian food very unfavorable for austria . 
  does n't need to be willingly . 
   some people in the west were a bit worried about the enlargement into the former eastern block and look how well integrated we all are now . 
  no one would question that a country like poland does not belong in the same group as germany or france or any other democratic european country , what ? 
  economically speaking the wish to create a `` better eu '' gets pretty much mentioned every day and this better eu is basically pre 2004 enlargement and minus greece and maybe the other pigs . 
  haha . 
  `` challenged means dim witted '' . 
  there you have you unusual usage . 
  that 's just the pc version and not the normal meaning of challenged . 
  you know you could have realized that when you had to explain what challenged means . 
  i mean it is very obvious that even you know that and you just committed yourself way too much . 
  obviously the blog is cute but has nothing to do with my perfectly used quotation marks . 
  you really are a little `` challenged '' are n't you ? 
  so let me explain that one a little . 
  i 'm not calling you out on some future boxing fight you will have after your roommate in the supervised living quarters that you live in challenged you . 
  of course it is . 
  `` signaling unusual usage '' or with more detail http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scare_quotes#other_cases, 
  hm that would still leave the question why a bee is a recognizable symbol for slovenia . 
  i assumed you are able to read a simple text and i already explained you why it is not wrong , you just have a problem reading but since you already had to fall back to your highschool level argumenting style even you know somewhere deep down that i am right . 
  reread the comment and use your head a little . 
  oh no they are used correctly but of course you do n't understand that . 
  allow me to educate you a little more since you are so eager to learn . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quotation_mark#usage as you can see there are several other points besides `` quotations and speech '' . 
   its pretty godly to assume people have something to learn from you . 
  not people in general just `` challenged '' folk like you . 
  austria is mozart , sch\u00f6nbrunn and a bee . 
  why a bee ? 
  depends , do you understand the differences between ethnicity and nationality ? 
  well obviously you do n't but if you would you could do that . 
  you get downvoted because you ignore answers and just try to escalate unnecessarily . 
  i 've been in south carolina , arizona and new mexico . 
  hope that is south enough also i 've been in new jersey . 
  i did n't really need to go south to see poverty in the richest country on earth though , just crossing the rail tracks in new brunswick , new jersey ( i think it was , definitely something in that area ) made me feel like i 'm in post war yugoslavia with black people . 
   the differences here are real and tangible . 
  i never said the differences are n't real or tangible . 
  they are and i know that but they are not `` massive '' . 
  massive is a word that ca n't really be topped , i 'd say the differences between an tribe in oman and a classic suburban family in the outskirts of chicago are `` massive '' . 
  eating at 5 guys instead of in 'n' out is not . 
   each state has different laws concerning guns , family , and schooling based on these vast differences . 
  each state is much like it 's own country . 
  being a federal republic is not something that is exclusive about the us . 
  austria has 9 states , germany has 16 , switzerland has 26 . 
   to me , you are waving away what differences that exist without much to base iton . 
  yeah no i 've spend enough time in the us on both coasts , illinois and in the midwest to base my opinion on it . 
  i do n't even know if you are serious or if this is sarcastic . 
   i think you are really ignorant to try and argue with someone that lives here . 
  you simply lack a proper control group to compare to . 
  like i said nothing special and nothing you do n't find in a small country like austria as well . 
  they speak the same language . 
  they eat mostly the same food with a few regional differences . 
  they consume the same media . 
  they are all christian . 
  some people wear hats . 
  i would n't call that massive . 
  that are differences you find in pretty much every country even small ones like austria . 
   i ca n't help but wonder why this same energy is n't put towards internal eu issues this goes in waves . 
  nearly every submission until this `` new '' event was about russia ( actually even now 4 of the top5 submissions are about russia or related to russia ) , before that it was spying from the us and before that i remember weeks where pretty much the only thing talked about was why the piigs suck and after that why actually germany sucks . 
  that 's just how it goes , something new happens it get 's on the front page with 20 links . 
  did you react the same when we talk about european journalists in the middle east ? 
  tourists being kidnaped in africa or raped in india ? 
   but still i think you can see my point . 
  i think i can but i do n't get it . 
  i know you guys are sensible but this inability to take outside criticism is really annoying . 
  yes it can turn into a stupid circlejerk very quickly but using this possibility as a shield against any criticism against your beloved country is not the high road either . 
   the way your original comment was worded made it seem as if you were saying that class time is set aside to teach the national anthem or recite it regularly during school hours . 
  not my comment and i did not understand that comment that way .
