  the germans did this ... 
  it 's not the size of the flag it is how you use it . 
  look at them , hogging all the glory ... 
  but you got half of germany for getting invaded . 
  i 'd like a half of germany . 
  [ putting the band back together . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzohq5wbq8k ) i like that ... 
  so you already disagree with that ? 
   and while there 's a mix of all in all countries , the odds are n't stacked the same way ,, 
   you were on the right track until you got into the ethnic stereotyping here , imo . 
  why ? 
  where do they enter ? 
  they all have been in bavaria . 
   just to make it clear , we talk about the refugee crisis , right ? 
  i do n't think you can break it down as north vs. bavaria . 
  in this one i would . 
  because they enter the country in the south . 
  it 's dictating a policy from somewhere not that affected . 
  same issue austria has with germany . 
   just look how often seehofer gets interviews/speak time compared to hannelore kraft from nrw , which has almost twice the population of bavaria ( okay just 50 % more ) . 
  would n't that just be because he actually has a different stance on topics ? 
  makes no sense asking kraft about every topic assuming that she in general agrees with whatever merkel ( or someone else ) said . 
   as germany was supposed to be a national state of all germans i guess it would just feel right to have every german included . 
  but we have our own thing going on , it 's quite ok-ish . 
   so this is pretty much a problem of the politics 150 years ago . 
  yeah sure but is n't that how these things always go ? 
  the struggle austria had to join the eu was also a problem from politics 75 years ago . 
  pretty much anything on that scale is a problem from politics x years ago . 
   and as u/timaeger says , you would fit in very well next to bavaria . 
  so for you the same question than . 
  why do you guys see it as a pro argument that there is prove that above-wei\u00dfwurst\u00e4quator germany will ignore the needs of below wei\u00dfwurst\u00e4quator-germany ? 
   also from culture not really . 
  austria has a pretty big cultural divide itself , just on smaller space . 
  but why would we want that ? 
  thanks for sharing , i guess that was important . 
  i do n't understand your argument to be honest . 
  the only reason faymann stepped down was the first vote in the presidential election . 
  without sending the message we would still be where we were 1 year ago . 
   excuse my ignorance , but i still struggle to see any signficance of the austrian presidency . 
  is n't it mostly for show ? 
  i mean , on paper , the president has some powers , but in practice he would n't cross the pm , after the vote he can refuse the chancellor or any ministers , the party than has to find new people for the position . 
  this already happend in the 2nd republic . 
  the gathering of votes from the serbian-austrians by the fp\u00d6 is in my eyes the single most impressive political move any party made in the last ~ 15 years . 
  still impressed that that worked out the way it did . 
   after ww2 they pretty much tried to distance themselves from their german identity well you kinda ruined it for us by naming yourself after a shared ethnic/language and then forgetting that . 
   personally i would like the idea . 
  why ? 
  just current events show that germany and austria are not compatible . 
   coke is made of a lot more ingredients than water so it 's bad example . 
  yeah something that gives it it 's taste ... like `` spices '' . 
   you got the point , right ? 
  yeah but i disagree with it . 
  they both share the main ingredient ( water and tomatoes ) but they are obviously not `` almost the same '' . 
   ( you guys know that this two are almost the same , ketchup just have a lot of sugar ) water and coke , almost the same , coke just has a lot of sugar . 
  all of central europe has civil unions . 
  i can check all these boxes but the last . 
  people in my university tended to live close to the university or in a few other districts . 
  if you grew up in vienna your friends are in my experience all from somewhat the same place because most friendships were formed in school or local hangouts/clubs . 
  i do n't believe him that he stumbled through all districts drunk . 
  for that to make sense he would have to move quite often and from one end of the city to the other . 
  for example it is very unlikely to go out in the 23 . relying on public transport to get home if you do n't live there . 
  i guess you have to be older than 15 in order to get it . 
  ikea put a lot of effort and money into making their instructions better . 
   i 'm i a fucking genius at assembling furniture , or is everyone else in on a joke you are definitely not a genius at getting jokes ... 
   and they have the best ice cream in the city . 
  oh no , your friend is retarded . 
  i am so sorry . 
   but it 's also an class flight . 
  those who can afford it move to the peripheries , leaving behind the poor and less educated i disagree . 
  inner districs are essentially becoming upper class . 
  rents are on a level you ca n't afford as someone that is `` poor and less educated '' . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  so we finally get some decent rappers ? 
  r\u00fcgen , usedom , sylt and whatever else you guys have . 
   no smelly cheese france !, 
   local spirits/liquors are you a kid trying to score some alcohol ? 
   france lost too much during the first world war , because well , the french fought hard . 
  unlike germany ? 
  that 's a bad tactic considering where you are . 
   so is turkey 's response . 
   no turkeys response is somewhere between completely retarded and proving every stereotype that normal turkish-austrians have been fighting for 50 years . 
   what 's with austria 's super hostile stance towards turkey after the coup attempt ? 
  there is no `` super hostile stance '' . 
  what is it with this victim complex ? 
   [ but then people complain that they are boring . 
  just ca n't make people happy . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evsle28hogi ), 
  no it was not !, 
  it was send to an farm upstate to play with all the other former monarchies !, 
  yeah you should have posted that reply to / u/anlumo, 
  every single point in this post is wrong . 
  inform yourself before you try again . 
  and that would be ? 
  the problem with money sent to greece is that it tends to shrink a lot before it arrives where needed . 
  no , a golden dawn style party would n't work in austria atm . 
  the fp\u00d6 is the most right party we have ( so they also pull in all these voters and members ) but in order to still be appealing to the frustrated masses they need to be more moderate . 
  and they need the frustrated voters because they are their biggest voting block and the reason why the might be # 1 after the next vote . 
  that is simply wrong . 
  your description of the fp\u00d6 is fine but i assume you just do n't have any idea how right golden dawn is . 
  but we were first ...
