yeah ... no . 
  that is not even close . 
  that there is a reason for something does n't mean it is good . 
  even if something is good for the majority it does n't make the minorities opinion worthless . 
  a related topic would be movies . 
  i like movies , i enjoy some hollywood productions but i 'm not too fond about the absolute dominance of hollywood in cinemas and tv . 
  that the american market is one of the biggest in the world does n't make my opinion on the topic worthless it is just a reason . 
   a little bit hypocritical because austrians watch german tv all the time the dominance of germans in the german speaking media is one of the reasons for the `` hate '' so why is that hypocritical ? 
   things austria is usefull for . 
  man , already looking forward to all that silver we get when we capture some british royal on his way back home !, 
  we have cabaret , it 's just that there are no football stadium filling stand up comedians , but i honestly do n't miss them . 
  edit : i did not know that parov stelar is popular outside of austria , but i would n't say he is on the same level as klimt :d, 
  in that case a single strong man at the top of state would be the best choice !, 
  in cold countries people drink more hot drinks . 
  fucking science right here !, 
  americans really have no humor . 
  germany . 
  what 's that shit with always `` such as '' questions , this discussion is finished until you provide anything of worth answering to . 
   austerity is n't working . 
  so why does it work in several countries ? 
  only for an american pointing out a flaw about america is automatically an insult . 
  also when i entered the conversation the hostility was already there . 
  you still have n't even tried to counter a single of my examples or arguments . 
  you went straight to insults . 
  i 'm was not thinking about the isis but you just disqualified yourself . 
  the moment you have to insult because you have no argument is the moment nobody can take you serious . 
  no worries mate i 'll send you some germans to dig holes into your beach so you can set up some geothermal energy plants . 
  i saw one at 7-eleven last night . 
  and some [ warheads ] ( http://cdn.nuts.com/images/auto/801x534/assets/82cce7c8ab055e59.jpg ) . 
   owned up to by obama and stopped . 
  lol no . 
  come back when the torture camps are closed . 
   on what planet is bombing a country breaking a treaty ? 
  planet earth , you do n't have the right to bomb or arrest foreign persons in a foreign land . 
  you really ca n't say anything against these examples can you ? 
  i mean except that in your little world treaties with people alive today are n't worth anything when they are older than your suburban house , and have never been honored . 
   i know any and every topic is a wonderful opportunity to bash america , but the topic was france and france is hardly alone on eu compliance . 
  stop trying to force yourself in some weird victim role . 
  well greece wanted reparation payments for wwii , that 's a nice start into that discussion . 
   which nobody is asking . 
  guess i imagined the last 5 years . 
  every single country you recognize but bomb . 
  or ofc : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_convention_against_torture and the u.n. convention on elimination of all forms of racial discrimination edit : also the treaties with the indian nations come to mind . 
  ' i know honoring a treaty is a foreign concept to americans but france signed the 3 % so they have to keep it . 
  simple as that . 
   there are states that get literally double the money they pay in back from the federal government . 
  there are countries that get more than they pay in the eu too ? 
  so instead of other countries doing their own homework it is again germanys responsibility to help them ` ? 
  yeah i do n't wonder why all these countries fail . 
  the wrong track is dividing europe again by deciding that you are special because you eat snails . 
   let 's take scandinavia that has pretty much the same services with similar quality let 's take an example that is untrue and talk about why the numbers do n't add up !!, 
  or you know , let us not . 
   since pretty much all the countries in the map have the same public services , that is so wrong . 
  does n't even matter what you look into , the quality differs a lot between the countries . 
  even the availability , some services like free pre school day care exist in only a few . 
  do n't understand the connection . 
  it 's not like northern oil-sheikhs can have a oppinion on that . 
  you forgot the part where you die and take them underground . 
  it was an example not directly targeted as you the individual . 
  edit :  i have problems to figure out what the rest of your post is supposed to tell me . 
  stop destroying my ski resorts . 
  be honest , you are purposely mixing prejudices with what people expect from you in germany just for your arguments sake did n't you ? 
  what someone in a foreign country thinks about germany does n't matter to the turkish immigrant in , let us say , hamburg . 
  that a american ca n't see the different between a bayern and the rest does n't matter if you are living in a city with nearly no bayern and only the rest ( piefken ) . 
   there are also a ton of ` native germans ' that are simply unwilling to embrace other cultures or lifestyles . 
  i 'm austrian , it is my birthright to hate you , so it is very weird to defend you guys against you yourselves but where are these germans unwilling to embrace other cultures ? 
  in germany ? 
  that might be ignorant but it barely matters as they have little contact with people from these other cultures . 
  i even go as far as saying that in hotel prisons in egypt or tunisia it does n't matter , these buildings were build with only one purpose and that is keeping you from interacting with locals . 
  yes i hate the german tourist that claims the best place at the pool at 3am and continually asks `` sind sie auch deutscher ? '', 
  as much as the next guy but they are very contained . 
  if you are a third generation immigrant that still hates the country that provided education for you , your siblings and your parents i have little sympathy . 
   a lot of people do . 
  chances are very high that an `` ethnic german '' will refer to a german with turkish ancestry simply as a turk it would help if they would see themselves as germans would n't it ? 
  you make no sense . 
  low taxes somehow make it worth introducing a new middle man that lives of your transactions . 
  what do you think a merchant does when he has to pay the fees ? 
  just suck it up or raise the prices ? 
  stretch it with some weimarer repulik . 
  lidl ( here in austria ) is pretty cool , they have some good stuff , fresh baked goods but i will never see them as a full supermarket until they stock some decent beer . 
   what the fuck are you guys buying . 
  i have never seen an ec station that does n't accept credit cards . 
  these shitty signs are only everywhere because you receive so much money . 
  it makes me kind of angry that you get shit paid for and still complain like a bitch . 
  hm that sounds pretty awesome , i have to look into that . 
  usually i only go to haydn because i prefer undubbed if it is a language i understand . 
  does anyone go there voluntarily ? 
  i 'd live in the cinema with that prices . 
  ~ 10 $ here for the ticket , depending on all the extras ( 3d , longer than 120min etc. ), 
  in germany or austria according to around 50 % of the population . 
  so your compass says `` n e s w baltics '' ? 
  i want you to know that my skin is nearly perfect . 
  well how many buildings do prague and rome have that overlap in style ? 
  i 'm sure by far less than prague and vienna . 
   basically , you are told from everywhere around you that your country is the greatest , wealthiest , most innocent , most benevolent and so on . 
  sounds like pretty much every country that won wwii ? 
  usa , france , uk , china . 
  you could take the buildings and compare them to other buildings that are in the same style . 
  church and church for example . 
  and now compare prague castle to buildings build in the same style .
