  during a school trip to ireland we visited a local high school . 
  a teacher there was really confused why australians would travel to ireland to learn english . 
  so going back to school might not help , 
  yeah and there are questions in / r/de if their blonde ( and super hot !!!! ), 
  girlfriend will be gangraped in germany , these people exist , but they are not a significant part of the americans traveling to europe . 
  huh , never thought about it but that is pretty damn accurate . 
  til i learned that i have the same political views as a simpsons character ... 
  unfortunately it is too late to cancel your seat on this ride . 
   3000 and 2000 meters is n't much different you sound pretty danish ... 
  tyroleans are mountain austrians . 
  the us is as expected and only france , germany , uk , israel , spain and italy together surpass russia . 
  it 's not a surprise that the weapon industry is bigger in industrial countries . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arms_industry#world.27s_largest_arms_exporters does n't look that bad to be honest . 
  big fan of `` austritt '' or '' \u00d6sterreichts '' . 
  because he is kanzler ? 
  together with the money the eu pours into some of these countries i am sure they 'd agree . 
  if the eu says one is bound to the other . 
   there also was n't really anything to do in vermont if you were n't into heroin . 
  usually this kind of comment ends with `` meth '' , is there some north-south border of meth and herion using states ? 
  sure . 
  playing games online the worst teammates or opponents are eastern europeans and the french . 
  both will very often refuse to talk in english and will continue to talk in their mother tongue while insulting everyone else . 
  this happens so often that there is no other way than this being the way these people view the world . 
  and yes i know there are pretty great people from both these areas , but it feels like i encounter the shitty ones more often . 
  / r/europe specific i remember the seeing a greek flair and more often than not the comment will range from complete bullshit tinfoil hat conspiracy theory to just a plain superiority complex , the greek father from `` my big fat greek wedding '' is very alive on / r/europe . 
  2 years ago it was pretty much identically with the portuguese . 
  even offline it works that way , all these student exchanges like erasmus are in it self great , you meet people both abroad or in your home city and find new friends from all over europe . 
  and yet the most consistent experience i , as a resident of a pretty popular city , made is that spaniard kids are pretty much cancer with no decent upbringing . 
  there seems to be no difference between talking and shouting and not a single thought towards anyone else . 
  if someone tells them to tone it down a little in for example the fucking metro you can be sure that they will become hostile no matter if 60 year old woman or same aged man . 
  it works a lot similar with reddit and americans , every single american i met at home and most i met in the us are very nice people . 
  but the internet and reddit gives the bottom of the barrel an audience , what this results in you can see here -  / r/shitamericanssay, 
  you are actually a prime example . 
  typical piefke . 
   , but things like / r/europe do that little by little ... there are already many pan-european media honestly the internet hurts my view of other europeans more than most other things/forms of media . 
  a lot of stereotypes become facts . 
   democracy as a system of government really under threat ? 
  not really since it was n't that established to begin with, 
   silently , the actors mixed with commuters video of them singing and shouting, 
  the black stripes on the other hand are like these gangster tear tattoos . 
  for every vote you declared as unlawful you get one so that people know who they are dealing with . 
  [ liberated ? 
  ] ( http://www.vital.de/sites/vital/files/styles/1024x768/public/images/frau-schirm.jpg ), 
   court explicitly stated that they do n't know if they were tampered with or not . 
  that is something very different than what you said before :  the votes were n't tampered with though . 
  srsly is vfgh.gv.at down ? 
  always amazed how these sites of the austrian goverment always go down when they are relevant . 
  like the zamg where the site being up or down is the indicator if there was an earthquake and not whatever information they have there . 
  that is 1:1 what they said when the fp\u00d6 appealed . 
   but only this one got challenged because party x lost by a very narrow margin . 
  i do n't understand this line of thought . 
  sure i dislike the fp\u00d6 too but this only proves to me that sp\u00d6vp did n't care enough because the were `` winning '' ( aka not losing hard enough ) and not that the fp\u00d6 did something shitty because they lost . 
   without it we would n't be relevant as a country we are n't relevant with it either , or within it . 
   its going to be a walk in the park for vdb . 
  in my opinion brexit is not very popular here in my social circle it is n't popular either but then again i doubt that many of them voted for hofer and yet he had nearly 50 % of votes . 
  i wish we were n't a case study though : /, 
   all i want is a customs union and the end of geoblocking that 's less an eu problem and more the content producers thinking they get more money that way . 
  that really has n't much to do with my post but hey ... you do you . 
   because all i saw was a bunch of countries trying to pawn of the burden to someone else and then whining . 
  you mean germany ? 
  sitting behind more southern countries crying how bad they are while not that secretly being god damn happy that the situation is at least for the moment defused . 
   who do you think negotiated the eu-turkey deal ? 
  that 's not a positive . 
  it is a shitty deal greased with 5b and frontex already said that the actions of austria , macedonia and the balkan countries are why the refugee stream is reduced and not merkel paying erdogan . 
  the `` moron '' is talking about not giving them all they want  `` there can not be any special treatment for the united kingdom . 
  leave means leave . 
  the times of cherry-picking are over . '', 
  wtf greece go home you are drunk . 
  if the eu now gives the uk everything they want it will only lead to more countries using the `` leave '' threat whenever something is n't working out the way they want . 
  not that i think toyg 's fantasy will happen . 
  but both are nato members . 
   v4 xenophobe nazi racists since austria got involved in that that 's us again !, 
  lowest hanging fruit really . 
  it always does . 
  increased salary and with that increased taxes are the difference . 
  let me guess your grandfather ordered a pizza once and since then you are 1/64 italian ? 
  tipped 2:1 , england is always good for a disappointment . 
   you use the road , you pay for it . 
  does n't matter if foreigner or german resident . 
  you use the university you pay for it . 
  oh no you do n't because germany likes to take a huge dump on their neighbors just because they can . 
  now that the same rules apply to you the big crying starts . 
  yeah but austria was never `` hubsburg '', 
  it 's interesting that this one escalated that much , when other countries recognized the genozid they just recalled their ambassador who then came back after a few weeks . 
  former chancellor schr\u00f6der working for the nord stream ag after the end of his political career is the most prominent example i think . 
   west couldnt care less if they tried . 
  it 's in the school books ... obviously the european part of wwii gets more coverage but the asian part is still taught . 
  does it ? 
  just from a quick look on the map i 'd have assumed that this water will end up in the danube . 
  edit : since there is the main who ends in the rhein you are right . 
  electric boogaloo ? 
  that 's why we made tight pants for men in . 
  during a school trip in ireland we visited a local highschool , a teacher there , tasked with showing us around a bit , was really confused why a german speaking class from australia came to ireland to learn english . 
  autogrill is a huge international company . 
  good thing they included that map showing where germany is . 
  nobody knows that !, 
  i see how it is . 
  check your privilege one head cis shit lord !, 
  we had the best monarchy , everyone knows that !, 
  but our eagle is so much cooler .
