  your personal opinion does not outweigh the official considering that situations like that are very subjective that 's pretty much all there is to go with . 
   you kept trying to defend `` cyprus was greek before the invasion '' that pretty much happened in your head . 
  that 's not what `` basically invaded '' implies . 
  although with the eu and un seeing northern cyprus as occupied and condemning the invasion there is also nothing rightful about it . 
  you are a real pain in the ass to talk to . 
  do n't even understand why you made that thread in the first place , just to have the 2nd cypriot jerk you off or to talk with other people from europe ? 
   and that proves that cyprus was greek ? 
  ( as in , an island that should have belonged to the hellenic republic ) i never made a statement about how cyprus should become part of greece . 
  you actually highlighted the word `` invaded '' yourself in your quote ... 
  trying to join greece and turkey stopping that by invading . 
  what do you call it when foreign troops occupy a part of a country ? 
  ok in that case keeping them from voting breaks a few laws . 
  well thanks for clearing up my confusion !, 
  but what does this make the citizens of the turkish part in the eyes of the eu ? 
   yes , you seem to know nothing about cyprus indeed . 
  ... unnecessary . 
   and several thousands of turkish cypriots also see the roc as their legitimate government , and condemn the turkish army occupation , and refuse to serve the turkish army and the trnc state apparatus that 's great i guess but this does n't really answer if they are eu citizens . 
  that 's you know something official and not just a feeling . 
  and if i remember right cyprus joined the eu after the unification failed , so my immediate guess would be that they are not . 
  now i have to start that i know very little about the situation in cyprus but with the information i have this does n't make sense at all . 
  cyprus was greek and got basically invaded . 
  turkish cyprus and turkey do n't recognize the greek part as a country , the eu does . 
  that is also an issue for both turkish cyprus and turkey joining the eu . 
  and now the turks living in greek cyprus are not allowed to vote because their official residential address is in the turkish part ? 
  technically they are n't even citizens of the eu ? 
  dutch is the cutest language , it 's like the little `` special '' brother of german . 
  depends , at least in austria ( btw . 
  i knew we would get into this kind of top10 list ... ) what the left parties add to the `` discussion '' is more about `` he should n't be allowed to say that '' . 
  which in the end aids the right wing parties as people get the feeling that the left side completely ignores a problem . 
   with the federal government not having any say is a surprise and a little weird to me . 
  considering that austria is a federal republic , and therefore has states maybe it makes more sense if you compare it to the eu . 
  if you acquire a austrian citizenship you are automatically also a citizen of the eu . 
  the comparison has a few flaws but in general is quite fitting imho . 
  i do n't disagree with any party 100 % . 
  the whole range is only between 40 % and 60 % agreement . 
   you vote for a party you most agree with and also against all those you disagree with . 
  ( / u/omnilatent [ 3 ] ) thing is i do n't have a party that i agree with . 
  i made 2 ( local ) internet tests and the highest was a party with 60 % same answers , also happens to be a party i will never vote for . 
  i read some of the ads and watched a few interviews but i really do n't know about any party i could vote for without immediately regretting it . 
  that being said i will vote it 's only like a 10 minute activity . 
   the 18th question was about who grants citizenship , the federal or state ( true ) government was n't the `` part of the game '' scandal about carinthia selling austrian citizenships ? 
  til that austria has a citizen test . 
  i always thought that died somewhere during the approving process . 
  nope , you just do n't understand the answer . 
  stupid question though . 
  it 's not luck that i 'm austrian , i as a product of my austrian parents can only be austrian . 
  it 's a 100 % chance , so not lucky at all . 
   but as a result of where you were born , do you think it 's reasonable to compete with those from other countries for jobs ? 
  or do you have some special right to remain there just because of your birthplace ? 
  really depends on how the whole thing is set up . 
  it 's no secret that with a lot of guest workers a lot of money just leaves the country . 
  and our countries are led by people that should represent their voters , so it should be expected that they try to defend their livelihood . 
  free movement between the east and the west means a lot of good things for both involved regions but again it seems to be the expected that the west has to just swallow the negative aspects of it because of the mindset `` you were lucky to be born in xy anyways you do n't get to complain '' . 
  do n't get me wrong i do n't expect gratefulness or anything , because i did n't do anything , it 's just this way of thinking that annoys me . 
  and at the end of all there is also frustration and envy . 
  if you do n't have a job you are an easy target for a right wing party that gives you a perfect excuse and a target for your frustration . 
  i do n't think that i owe you something because of the place i was born in . 
   is n't that the entire point of a european union ? 
  that the people lucky enough to be born in countries which are historically richer or have richer natural resource no the point is mutual benefit not `` the lucky ones '' paying for the self declared unlucky ones . 
  pig is portugal , ireland , greece as far as i know . 
  piig includes italy and this is more about the economy crisis . 
   first comment was about how we need to stop africans breeding , pro tip : if you need to exaggerate you point you most likely do n't have one . 
  you are just hating because you are n't very comfortable with your sexuality . 
   sorry , this is not an us conflict ... americans ca n't even place ukraine on a map . 
  they guaranteed their safety if the ukraine gives up their nukes . 
  so yes this is an american conflict and a great display on how much you can trust them to keep their word . 
  `` my logic '' was an honest question . 
  guess i ca n't expect a decent explanation in / r/europe . 
   that , simply put , is unacceptable . 
  please explain to me why exactly the crimea is part of ukraine . 
  if the '' [ burgenland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burgenland ) '' would have remaind part of hungary after the austrian empire fell that would have been a similar situation . 
  in multicultural empires the borders do n't really matter that much like they do after the empire dissolves into different nations . 
  i hate it and \u00b4 nobody should watch it but while still in school we would watch it in music class so that was ok . fuck the quintenzirkel ( circle of fifths ) . 
  flew from new york to vienna , was seated next to 2 couples from ( rural ) romania that were in their 60s i assume , maybe 50s . 
  they were so loud , got pretty drunk , yelled at each other and when they stood up they would pull themselves up with the seats in their front waking that passenger up . 
  while they were annoying and very out of place it was also kinda `` cute '' ( lacking a better word ) because it was very obvious that they just came back from the trip of their life , they probably planned and saved money for it for years . 
  sorry i kinda forgot what i was trying to say with that story . 
  i guess it 's just one of these things that get on your nerves at the actual moment but thinking back you kinda feel like an asshole for being annoyed . 
  exactly what happened . 
  do the subways in spain also stop driving if you do n't yell and harass other passengers ? 
  who the hell takes and uses not one or two but three bird whistles into a subway and uses them . 
  there is no other explanation than the intent of annoying people . 
  austria is heavily invested in east europe and russia , being neither a part of the east or west during the cold war allowed some companies to get some very good deals after the udssr failed . 
  small countries like austrias are the ones that get actually hurt by these sanctions . 
  i do n't speak french so i get nothing , not even the 6 years back i tried to learn that language in school . 
  i assume it is just a saying meaning that the amount of time needed to make a room presentable again is in general a lot less after germans staying there . 
   many of them do n't like the idea of giving up any of their sovereignty to europe , that is ( or would be ) hard for every country , the difference is how full they are of themselves and how petty they try to block everything . 
  just life . 
  crying about the evil nazis while working jobs without paying taxes wont save a country . 
  of course they are against it - this would be progress and there a more important topics to talk about like how low it is allowed to hang cigarettes vending machines and creating huge bike lanes in a shopping street that nobody uses . 
  :( ... we already had nothing and then you guys stole our airport . 
  wrong , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_london_tech_city gets pushed heavily . 
   do land locked countries just not have boarder people how does it work in a common travel area like that ? 
  i 'm not sure if i understand you correctly but we had the military patrolling `` in the country '' on the eastern borders until 2011 . 
  which is the most inefficent and stupid thing anyone has ever thought of but i guess you have to give them * something * to do . 
  i do n't know what happened to the people that did the actual border control but i 'm sure they did n't lose their job and where just moved into other positions . 
  renting ports to foreign militaries is kinda unpopular atm . 
  landlocked . 
   at the very least that a lot of the bill for expensive security the countries in question are so untrustworthy i 'd rather not send money down to southern italy . 
  it would never reach it 's destination anyway .
