  instead of a new patrol-boat or something a few guys get new mercedes and that would be the end of it . 
   i 'm at a lack of words . 
  but sure all the people in the kzs would have loved to wait for a couple of months or years longer to be liberated by the only real good guys . 
  while you are of course right do n't forget that for liberating these others were sent into camps all over russia . 
  vienna  is smoking allowed in bars in your city/town ? 
  yes . 
  with restrictions , bars larger than a certain size have to have a non-smoking area . 
   are there other special smoking restrictions , such as smoking being banned in parks in your area ? 
  public buildings , public transport etc. 
  austria : beginning : what was left bundled together . 
  ending : probably something connected with food that is stuffed with cheese . 
   for absolutely no reason . 
  you obviously do n't understand . 
  digging holes is so much fun , americans just do n't understand . 
  nothing is more scary than a [ poutine ] ( http://www.guesttoguest.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/poutine.jpeg ) with nothing to lose !, 
   you are talking about this plug [ 1 ] , right ? 
  that 's what my w300 used to have . 
  it would always come loose and switch to loudspeaker . 
  yes exactly , they were just awful . 
  yeah i had a whole drawer full of chargers , forcing everyone to stick to one is great for the customer ( i can charge my phone , tablet , cheap mp3 and kindle with the same chargers now ! ), 
  you just made me remember my old sony ericsson phone ( z7-something ) where you would also listen to music over the same plug . 
  unfortunately it sucked and would come loose all the time which made the phone change to speaker and the whole bus/tram/metro is now annoyed . 
  how old are you ? 
  if you are older than ~ 14 you should remember that the companies did not want that to happen . 
  assuming you have complete power in that matter , what would you do ? 
  for example : let 's say laws are passed that all companies involved somehow in the holocaust can no longer operate in the states . 
  is founding a sub-companie enough ? 
  if yes that would be pretty shallow would n't it ? 
  if not these brings some serious problems . 
  what about the medicine patents `` bayer '' ( and they had a really important role ) holds if you allow them to be ignored who gets the rights to produce them ( and this would pretty much ruin patents completely ) ? 
  what about vw and bmw and all companies they own and so on . 
  deutsche bank , hugo boss , dresdner bank , thyssen krupp and of course deusche bahn . 
  and these are just a few , so how would you handle these companies that participated in the holocaust and why ? 
  do you think the idea to rebuild germany in a stable and rich country was a mistake ? 
  i 'm honestly interested . 
  edit : here is another list i found via google , http://www.11points.com/news-politics/11_companies_that_surprisingly_collaborated_with_the_nazis, 
   yet almost unanimously [ 1 ] people were talking about what bullshit it was local politicians were blocking a bid from a french company to build high speed rail in the us at the request of holocaust survivors because this is stupid and the `` request of holocaust survivors '' is more a request of american public transport companies . 
  i would understand the boycott of a lot of companies but this one seems like someone pulled the nazi card out of his ass . 
   to me this still all sounds like bullshit excuses for not stepping up to their responsibilities and maintaining an easy non-controversial life of isolationism . 
  oh ok let 's continue that conversation when your boots hit the dust in some fucked up failed state where you reintroduce civilisation with your aug , until then stop making demands you did not fulfill yourself . 
  i am against that . 
  austria 's neutrality is a joke because our politicians like sending ( a few ) soldiers to other countries . 
   is n't it ? 
  the overwhelming majority of german 's did n't live during those times , and the overwhelming majority did n't experience the hard times in the two decades following the war . 
  and yet there are people still alive who have been alive back then . 
  also the wwii consequences are still very relevant to this day . 
  for example austria could not join the eu until the udssr collapsed ( 1995 to be exact ) because we were not allowed to join a union with germany . 
  i mean the last reparation payment of wwi ( ! ), 
  was payed in 2010 . 
  also hearing first hand accounts from loved ones is close enough for people with empathy . 
  as long as people are still alive that lived in that time it is n't really bygone . 
  also another thing that proves that you really do n't gasp the concept of fighting and losing a war on your own soil is that the post-war years were n't that awesome either . 
  [ remember that picture of the austrian kid with his new shoes that gets upvoted every 2nd week on reddit ? 
  ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcb4x5goh61qgwmzso1_r1_1280.jpg ), 
  why does germany `` have '' to provide humanitarian aid to afghanistan , the only one that has to provide aid is the us in my eyes . 
   i 'm well aware of where german anti-militarism comes from . 
  you obviously do n't understand it . 
  germany 's anti militarism comes directly from wwii , and is still taught in schools . 
  it 's easy to criticize the war enthusiasm of another country when your homefront was one little flak in darwin ( + - ) . 
   a country that 's been backed up militarily by german soldiers against rebels ignoring the whole freedom fighters , terrorists and rebels debate . 
  just switch german soldiers with americans , now think of cases where this did not work out as planned or did not end well , i 'm sure are able to come up with at least 10 . 
  also going into a sovereign nation for economically interests usually does not go well with a making a region more peaceful . 
  why should they get involved ? 
  expensive , renting a apartment is only more expensive if you go home over the breaks . 
  i assumed that is the total which would just mean that they are exporting more than importing . 
  but it never was a country of a size where the embargo would hurt the us as well . 
  considering how high swedes think of themselves ( on reddit ) yeah that totally makes sense . 
  so that hot american girl that killed her roommate ( ? ), 
  was actually just a victim of the language barrier !, 
  romanian women punch you back ? 
  just guessing here . 
  i 'm always surprised how much of austria is really rural and i live here . 
  i 'm not offended but it does downplay the significance of shooting a crown prince in an actual monarchy . 
  because countries with low birth rates do n't want immigrants but educated immigrants . 
  i kinda have a problem with the beginning . 
   but the ghastly truth that exposes the american ` system ' is how so many americans ca n't afford any healthcare and how many hard working americans lose their homes and life savings just because someone in the family gets sick i thought with obamacare all they need to do is go online and fill out something and they have healthcare ? 
  people are very tired of politics because nothing really changes after a vote . 
  people being tired of politics means that the large parties can shamelessly abuse their powers and our money . 
  in the few years where a new party was in power ( as part of a coalition ) there was even more corruption and to this day no significant politicians from that time have been sent to jail . 
  next time a someone from switzerland complains about the high costs of living i will punch him . 
  this location would be `` europe '' . 
  the roma are an european issue . 
  i had a great experience with the roma i worked with . 
  your argument would have been better if you actually chose a race and not a nationality . 
  yeah because fuck discussion !, 
  sure you would n't prefer stormfront ? 
   only some could find lithuania on a map ah come on , how can i take a comment with that stupid assumption serious ? 
  geographical education of europe is quite decent in most of europe . 
  hamburgers are n't from hamburg . 
  go somewhere where you can talk with the other bakers . 
  if you ca n't speak french do n't go to france because chances are a french baker ca n't speak english . 
  if you father is italian i assume you speak italian . 
  as austrian i made the completely objective observation that austria is the country with the best desserts . 
  that 's what we are trying to tell them since decades . 
  something something france surrendering . 
  well with you it ca n't . 
  if you read a reply you have to factor in original comment ( free pro tip from me for you ) . 
  jesus you are retarded . 
  and then they want money for free so that they can finaly continue to live way above their means !, 
  oh god no .
