  huh interesting , it had/has the very opposite effect on me . 
  seeing portuguese and greek express their opinions on other european states was very different from actually interacting with them when i visited their countries , so much hatred and envy . 
  seeing british stuck in the past of nationalism viewing themselves as something better , put more felt distance in between us than a footnote in the newspaper that everybody takes with a grain of salt . 
  in general i do n't have the feeling that the internet does only good in these areas , t gives everyone the possibility to express their opinion which in theory is great yes but in the end there are a lot of people that should n't write down their thoughts unfiltered . 
   so , what is for you to be european . 
  do you identify with it at all ? 
  not much actually , probably less than to others if i think how i group africans or asians together but differ between european nations . 
  i assume that works both ways . 
   do you have any attachments to any european symbols ? 
  like a capital or something . 
  no brussels seems like a very artificial city with no relevance in terms of location . 
   can you imagine to reduce one day the official language to one , for exemple english even if you like your national language more ( i mean , it is the easiest , why not ? ), 
  no i do n't see the point . 
  having english as a 2nd language is good enough , most schools should probably up their game a little and the permanent exposure to english media does the rest . 
   and can you people imagine one day to have ( or maybe you already have it ) as primary identity europe and as second , more of an regional identity , the nation ? 
  honestly not in my lifetime . 
  probably for our grandkids . 
   and i would place putting troops on the line in eastern europe , be it in romania or the baltic states , as a sign of being a good european . 
  and i am saying that there is no connection since it is only a nato exercise . 
  we have been at this point twice already . 
   if it was such an easy thing to do , why are n't french or german troops there ? 
  because they do n't want to ? 
  simple guess . 
  it ca n't be because it is so hard , the exercise is not on the moon . 
   widely used as a sign of willingness to respond to aggressive action in global geopolitics . 
  and nobody can say if it is effective , testing the readiness of the armies to actual respond was a far more meaningful message imo . 
   run out of arguments so resorting to strawman paraphrases i see . 
  my whole point here was from the beginning that yours is not an argument . 
  there 's not much to add or arguments to run out , i simply do n't see the connection between a nato exercise and being a `` good eu member '' or committed to the european cause . 
   i must have missed it ( still ca n't see it ) , but the link i gave was per head and shows the uk paying more . 
  you are right , your link is from 2007 , i was looking at a 2012 but wikipedia has a 2014 statistic that shows uk again right in front of the austria in / capita, 
  wait what ? 
  was n't haider a major dick towards the slovenian minorities in carinthia ? 
  i remember him taking down the bilingual signs . 
  i would n't have guessed that there is a single guy in slovenia that thinks he was ok . 
   however , in this case , there was a single downvote that happened at the exact same time you posted your reply . 
  so were you monitoring that post or what ? 
  i downvoted your main post before i commented , i did not downvote a ny answer . 
  you downvoted me and i do n't care , get over yourself . 
   the uk does pay a normal amount , as evidenced by the fact it pays more than your country . 
  already told you that is wrong , every austrian pays more than every brit . 
   while detailed criticisms of the eu get downvoted . 
  wait do you think `` we are so cool and strong and super better than you wankers look at our 4 guys in romania '' is a detailed criticism of the eu ? 
  i 'm not , just a wild guess you are getting downvoted because you are are awful at discussions . 
  per head we pay more . 
  but that does n't matter , this is not about austria or austria 's commitment to the eu , i never made a statement if i agree or disagree with the stance of my country , but you did . 
  and then you tried to insult and spin this discussion in a different direction because you have nothing worthwhile to add and wonder why people downvote you ? 
  the eu is far more than just the euro . 
  just paying a normal amount would show more commitment than sending a few hundred guys on vacation . 
  it 's a normal nato exercise not some kind of bold statement like you want to present it here . 
  so where is this magical market the size of the eu + some that was n't used until now ? 
  how is that even related ? 
  blocking the union and playing soldier in east europe are different things . 
  wwii is the most prominent war in every persons mind in europe or at least the only war most people know at least something about . 
  it 's not really hard to figure out why that stereotype sticked . 
  then again you can buy magic water at billa . 
  people are dumb . 
  that sucks so much . 
  i do n't think that would affect my life at all . 
  they are different things . 
  ktws main task is the transport of people that need special care . 
  rtws main task is emergency responding . 
  ktws often do that too but are different staffed and have different ( less ) equipment . 
   if we cared we 'd pass laws to protect them 2 things . 
  first this from the majority about minority protection is worthless . 
  2nd you not caring is the problem in the eyes of others . 
  i 'll cry for the poor people that fly to saint tropez to take their yacht for a spin . 
  yup as expected everything goes to shit . 
  behind germany , denmark and even the netherlands . 
  you guys get to watch some sweet kommissar rex , if that 's not a decent return i do n't know what is . 
  88 % balkan and baltic states : /, 
  it was more a joke to annoy the occasional norwegian that reads the thread . 
  i also assume most people know of the existence of icelandic since our newscasters tried to pronounce the last vulcano that fucked up our vacations . 
  huh til you guys do n't speak swedish or whatever they speak in norway . 
  unconventional solutions for everyday problems ? 
  that 's something i 'd vote for . 
  in the austrian parliament they 'd just pay another assistant to hold their phone because `` they have earned it '' . 
  i doubt they buy anything besides topgear and that weird sherlock stuff . 
  edit : also i assume they already calculate losses of viewership through piracy when they buy something . 
  all i 'm saying is that there is definitely a way to profit of these viewers because these sites do exactly that . 
   the bbc might be able to make a financial success of it , but the bbc is not the only one who would be affected . 
  smaller and non-english broadcasters would have to do the same things but possibly lose money from it why would they lose money from it ? 
  either people are watching their stuff and they can make money from it or nobody understands the language and they do n't need to upgrade their stuff . 
  good for the russians i guess . 
  it 's kinda weird that me paying for the products that i consume `` makes no sense '' . 
   for a country where no people are allowed to have guns . 
  that 's not true . 
  you are still stuck in the 90s , the bbc ca n't keep anyone from watching their content , if they would arrive in the 21century and simply allow you to watch content with regional ads or something they get the few cents that currently go to some russian streaming site . 
   the lager tend to taste somewhat the same . 
  the variation in taste is smaller , ofc there are bad ones that should n't exist and everyone has his own favorite , but it is there . 
  no it is not so bad that it matters in your daily life but it is worse than it should be . 
  the only comparable hate i know of is france -  paris . 
   after all , so many people in vienna were n't born there or have significant ties with another region . 
  that is part of the problem , getting all of the `` city perks '' but you are still `` better '' because you were born in not-vienna . 
  the bundesl\u00e4nder love to hate on vienna . 
  now that itself is not really a problem hating on the city where the government is seated is normal after all . 
  but they have these weird kinda petty attitude that the reason is because the people there are so mean , you know compared to them who will talk shit about them at every opportunity . 
  the first video is from austria . 
  easily identified because there are mountains in the background and not sadness . 
  never been a fan of top-fermented beer , save for a few .
