  you are the reason i hate speaking with americans . 
  i heard that `` joke '' way too often . 
  the guy that deleted his comment for example ... 
  actually applauding your gov. 
  that they make the first step in censoring your internet access with the `` think about the kids '' argument is ridiculous . 
  the next steps are very obvious . 
  if families do n't want their kids to wank provide them with an option to censor their internet . 
   this is just a change so that when you set up your home internet you have to specify whether you want to be able to access adult content or not . 
  you do n't realize how ridiculous that sounds ? 
   surely germany and austria have social security nets for people in need like that ? 
  i doubt that these beggars are austrian , i do n't think i remember the last time i 've seen a beggar that 's not from eastern europe . 
  we get quite often criticism for our euroscepticism . 
   this is ridiculous , how the fuck are you getting upvoted ? 
  this is a textbook example of straw-man reasoning . 
  the little americans upvote everything that 's pro-uk . 
  it 's how they work . 
  and this sub is dominated by them . 
  it 's funny how you think the uk is relevant . 
  so who do you want to see in the ministry ? 
  some old fart backed up by the bauernbund ? 
  that 's the 2 options they have . 
  it did n't , ministers do n't get voted directly and so they do n't have campaigns . 
  that was a few years ago during a campaign when he was leading the `` young-\u00f6vp '' . 
  you yourself made the comparison with japan , now they find it weird . 
  im sure some thai ladyboy is fine with that aswell . 
  `` people outside austria / = anglosphere '', 
  probably because people do n't think it 's strange , get over yourself and your fear of sex . 
  yeah as far as my english skills allow me to judge the translation the rest is accurate . 
  `` pressefritzen '' is a insulting way to say journalist but considering the tone of the rest of the quote it 's pretty mild ( if that makes sense ) . 
   i think we do need more diverse people living in the rural parts , just to make the idiots understand that `` die neger san eh normal '' . . hopefully alaba is changing some minds here . 
  judging from the dialect he 's more austrian than i am . 
   the rural parts of most of austria are nice to look at , but you do n't really want to live there , ? 
  ( to answer the op 's question , once in vienna everything else is a downgrade . 
  and if you are not white rural austria is something i do n't recommend for more than a few days . ), 
  no i do n't buy apple products at all . 
  like i said in the post ( but i edited in right after posting so you might have not seen it ) i find it weird that nearly every person washes their produce/fruits they buy but when genetically modified plants produces the crop protection product themselves it 's a freaking conspiracy theory that maybe it needs to be monitored if eating something that kills insects every day has effects on your health . 
  edit : but we can also move away from gmo health concerns , i still do n't want american food as their standards are ridiculously low for a developed country . 
  i do n't want monsanto gain influence and although i have family working for a rather large gmo company in central europe i do n't trust them either . 
  it 's to early to now long term effects , if a plant can kill the parasites that try to eat it the chances that these substances harm the human body are very real and not like op claims `` like vaccines cause autism '' . 
  i do n't trust the american government to test something someone can make money with decently . 
  they also ruin non gmo fields in the area . 
  see you are being an condescending american jerk . 
  this will be my last answer . 
  i 'm not underinformed , i do n't trust a country that freaks out about an ample system on food to do the testing for me . 
  there are also various tests that show the opposite you claim , but to actually know that you would need to inform yourself instead of just confirming your believes . 
  and just the idea that you think we already know about long term effects shows that someone like you can not be trusted with what i eat . 
   mir gehen die schei\u00df asylanten sowieso am oarsch that actually means  these shitty asylum seekers really go on my nerves ( but more colourful ), 
  now that he resigned yes that would be the best route to go . 
  gf\u00f6hl got rid of their retarded major , i learned that gf\u00f6hl exists , the media could demonstrate their power , everyone won . 
  i like the `` it 's in their dna statement '' because it 's so familiar . 
  european politicians do n't have a great record when it comes to dealing with the us , so i would like to know what they are talking about . 
  for example i really like that my country tries to keep gmo away from our plates , especially north american . 
  i do n't see a brit defending that . 
   i actually support the legalization of prostitution and have nothing against bdsm or any other kind of kink . 
  but to have it openly advertised in mainstream newspapers ... that 's weird . 
  a place for everything and everything in its place . 
  well there you have your first cultural difference , i do n't see a problem with that . 
  if you buy one of the intellectually lower aiming newspapers and open the page where prostitutes offer their services than you will find prostitutes offering their services . 
  i mean the same papers have usually a naked woman ( man on wednesday ! ), 
  on page 3 and as far as i know lost the right to call themselves newspapers they are '' [ boulevardzeitungen ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/boulevardzeitung#.c3.96sterreich ) '' which wikipedia translates with [ tabloid journalism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tabloid_journalism ) . 
   sure they do -- the question is whether spousal abuse is more common and/or more tolerated in austria than elsewhere . 
  i honestly do n't know , but i 'm very interested to find out . 
  i honestly doubt it . 
  you watch the wrong news , but at least they are interesting i hope . 
   bdsm prostitution advertised openly in mainstream newspapers i do n't see the problem , prostitution is legal here ( although the laws are kinda complicated ) and you should n't judge a foreign country for simply not sharing your countries view on sex ( and nudity ) . 
   seething anti-semitism i never noticed that . 
   spousal abuse that 's actually the weirdest statement . 
  bad relationships do n't exist if you descend from the alps ? 
  guy resigned as far as i know . 
  but i need to point out that `` heute '' is the worst `` newspaper '' you can find in austria ( and that 's really an achievement ) . 
  it 's our free public transit paper . 
   but states in america actually have pretty different cultures . 
  probably as different as north germany , bavaria and austria have because i like being offended i assume that you just called us a state of germany . 
  but to add something to the discussion :  then europe is a verbally abusive wife , who completely overlooks all the tough stuff her husband has done for her and pretends like all the tough times they went through never happened ... 
  i really dislike that argument , even * if * the us only joined the wws only to save the world from the evil doers , how long do you think we should pay them back for that ? 
  when exactly are we even in your opinion ? 
  no sorry i ca n't imagine what would happen ( and my country has it fair share of right-wing politicians ) . 
  please fill me in . 
   human rights not that they are hold up anywhere to the standard they deserve but nearly every point of his `` short list '' shows that they do n't have the same view on this subject , or the worth of a human live for that matter . 
  i do n't think typos can be intentional , per definition . 
  that over the top german that is celebrated in some parts of the us is always kinda cute and creepy at the same time . 
  now that 's a little ot , considering the actual article , but let 's go with just the headline for the discussions sake . 
  i never understood why there were quite a few voices in europe opposing the nabucco-pipeline project ( that got shut down one or two years ago ) . 
  the idea of a whole continent with a pretty cold winter being completely dependent on a country like russia is really frightening . 
  maybe i missed some arguments against that considering that austria ( n media ) has to be quite biased in that case . 
  anyone care to explain how it was seen in their country ? 
   the norths cosiness haha , cute , but you do n't have your stereotypes straight . 
  black forest ( cherry ) cake . 
   what ? 
  in fact the north is the only region speaking proper german without a big dialect that 's a myth the northern germans tell you , they have a very noticeable dialect . 
  `` meerrettich '' is the ugliest word ever created . 
  kren is superior in every aspect . 
  people get more annoying the more north you go . 
  the sound . 
  had a different impression during my vacation . 
  they are one of the few rich european countries that still have kids . 
  paris was a nice city but during our class trip we ( but especially the girls ) got to hear more verbal abuse than i thought was possible . 
  the southern coast is beautiful . 
  shit ton of flags and national pride . 
  kids crying sounds really different .
