  run out of beer ? 
  every major city has a beer delivery services , in vienna we have ~ 5 . 
  buy stuff for breakfast ? 
  every bakery is open . 
  i really do n't understand how you can run into all this problems and not figure out the obvious solution . 
   everything is closed on sundays . 
  i know people who complain about vienna because of this also , it does get annoying . 
  i disagree , it starts as annoying but you get used to it very fast . 
  starts 2 world wars - still boring . 
  guess someone has to try harder . 
  you can get beaten for being in your own country , and every instance i heard about or witnessed the attackers where slavic with only a few exceptions ( chechens and turks ) . 
  the problem with these racist prejustices that there are people out there who made it their personal mission to enforce them on a daily basis . 
  well for the sake of the circle jerk . 
  the moon landing was nazi know-how and american money , did n't stop them . 
  at least something where we are # 1 . 
  switzerland is the most peacefull country in the world ? 
  in the world peace index you are 16 . 
  iceland is 1 . 
  / r/austria it 's for obvious reasons not that popular , but every now and then we have an interesting submission, 
  would n't it violate austrias constitution to unify its army with germanys ? 
  so you are saying we should invade finland ? 
  no they are not , they just write down hours they did not work . 
  greek still thinks it 's awesome ? 
  i like the part when austria conquered france and made a amusement part out of it . 
  what 's u3 ? 
  only few simplify to `` lazy '' as only problem . 
  actually you have quite a hate campaign on your own down south . 
  they and others , might still be your own doing . 
  i think green is means good -  a lot of prostitutes . 
  from the link : austria : 36 germ : 49 france :5 russia :13, 
  do you read the cheaper newspapers ? 
  they always compare the unemployment rates and say how great we are if the ruling parties bought another advertising campaign . 
  til that suspiciously_calm is a douche . 
  sadly they see us as vassals and not allies . 
  2nd paragraph of nr .4 is very important . 
  i dislike the `` they are all lazy '' argument but i ca n't agree with the defending side who always quotes this statistic because these numbers do n't really mean anything besides being physical present ( if at all ) . 
  if you do n't speak any german and you want to buy the internet in austria you should take your friend with you to the stores / do the online research with her to make absolutely sure that the package you buy includes the other countries you are going to . 
  these are few links that might interest you but they are all in german . 
  2nd one is important though , they state the countries where you can use the service without paying extra ( roaming ) . 
  i 'm sure all other providers offer something similar like that . 
  0,10 $ / 1mb 9 $ http://www.drei.at/webshop/prepareselectiontarifdetail.do?tarifid=ats0076&amp;snid=c72633 http://www.drei.at/portal/de/privat/service/3_like_home/3_like_home.html http://www.a1.net/internet/bfree-mobil-breitband, 
  that graph shows why there 's no good austrian rap . 
  yeah that would be more than 20 $ where i live . 
  around 20c, 
  i 'm asking not to force a country into recession after a big war but help it rebuild . 
  reparations payments are one of many reasons that lead to the 2nd ww after the first.after an unconditional surrender everyone can make whatever claims he want it 's unconditional after all . 
  also i see the 2nd ww as something different , the third reich invaded a lot of countries and payed for that , with land and lifes , infrastructure and occupation . 
  after that the 2nd ( at least in austria it was the 2nd ) republic was founded . 
  at least in austria the russians ( and the french to some extend ) took everything that has value . 
  i see the debt of war as paid . 
  if the nazis forced someone to lend them money it 's just another thing being lost in that war . 
  they also sold all the gold austria had at that time . 
  fist of all , all countries brow most of their money to pay back loans . 
  nothing new here . 
  also i did some research and turns out greece is not that reliable like you present it here . 
  just do n't see the injustice here . 
   greece has defaulted on its external sovereign debt obligations at least five previous times in the modern era ( 1826 , 1843 , 1860 , 1894 and 1932 ) . 
  [ http://www.forbes.com/sites/investor/2011/09/28/debt-defaults-have-greek-history/ ] ( link )  you say you do not like it when greece calls out on this injustice , and i ask you for the third time , can we agree on which debts should be considered erasable ? 
  i think i just do n't understand the question . 
  what do we agree on , that greece should get a cut ? 
  yeah . 
  of course the bailout is to save the banks and keep them calm . 
  where do you think the money for paying pensions and your ridiculously large military comes from ? 
  but like i said i did n't agree with that . 
  i think this discussion is at its end . 
  do n't see us coming to an understanding anytime soon . 
   however i still see a double standard in your argument . 
  is it ok to refuse debt responsibility if it 's a result of actions taken by your predecessors ' regime three generations ago , which mind you , was supported by the majority of people at the time , but not ok if it 's a result of exponential growth of accumulated illegitimate debts starting two centuries ago ? 
  because this is the basis of greece 's debt . 
  keep in mind that the generation `` responsible '' for the war is dead while the people benefiting from your overspending are still a live and protesting that the overspending will not be continued . 
  [ comment of another redditor with some interesting links ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/pp0qq/just_to_clarify_greek_workers_work_more_hours/c3rfke9 ) also i want to add that i 'm austrian not german , and again i was always for a haircut . 
  just disliked that greeks always bring in war history in this discussions because it makes them feel like the victims while taking money . 
  reparation payments are something different . 
  and yes a lot of people died in the biggest war in history , on all sides . 
  look i 'm all for a debt cut , should have been done at the beginning of this hole mess , but like i said in my first comment these ongoing claims that you are entitled to something neither of us has caused or endured make me sick . 
  especially if they are just a few lines away from `` do n't hold us responsible for something our politicians did '' . 
  and the nazis gave medals to women who had a lot of kids . 
  so let us outlaw having kids !, 
  no it 's not anti gay . 
  not everyone that does n't loves every gay person on earth is anti gay . 
  there are people who are gay and you just realize it when you meet their boyfriend/girlfriend , or the friendship is developed enough to share very personal stuff , because that 's what being gay is , your personal sexual preference nothing i care about as your coworker or someone you just met . 
  and then there are people who bomb you away with their gayness to make sure everyone they ever meet knows . 
  i dislike being being around such persons as much as i dislike being around a co-worker ( or friends friend ) that brags all the time about banging many women . 
  i understand some downvotes on the other posts , it 's a very emotional topic , but downvoting someone that corrects his own typo , do n't be retarded reddit . 
  but not in the individual countries . 
  it 's all explained in the post you commented on . 
  liked it but then as always : `` but they were nazis and nazis are bad and they owe us money for invading '' . 
  you are basically saying , `` do n't blame us for our corrupt government but pay for your evil government three generations ago '' . 
  so i consider the hole post rubbish with meme faces . 
  yes but there are regulations as far as i know . 
  i thought these regulations where criticized like the the ban of genetically modified corn . 
  i had different experiences . 
  not trying to be offensive here but british supermarkets are closer to the ones the americans have than what i 'm used to in central europe . 
  generalization of course . 
  yes but there are laws the prevent some sorts of food and medications so the farmers have to bare the burden of the cheap meat and not the customers . 
  drinking coffee , looking at boobs.the european dream, 
  north italy should be independent . 
  why do you think these people who are not italians should be part of italy ? 
  :( okay ... 
  you lived 100 meters from luxembourg and never noticed it ?
