it 's not . 
  it dismisses the right political stance as ignorant when in reality , some conservatives see through the open borders policy implemented in welfare states across the world and shudder because in reality , it 's dangerous . 
  ha lol, 
  we won the space race , we like the gays and we won the cold war among other things . 
  guy literally says he had no problems in iran . 
  smells like an ellen pao-style scapegoat, 
  and they still also hate them, 
  yeah , let 's get real worked up asking ourselves what second generations descended from economic migrants will become as adults . 
  smart move . 
  lesvos is the greek transliteration . 
  it 's okay but you should say debts and not depts . 
  i 'm sure you meant coddling but i do n't think they should be cuddled either . 
  yeah dude , i am a trapdoor spider . 
  turkey . 
  same people who willfully violated the ban on public demonstrations at the place de la republique . 
  in a state of emergency , clamoring for proof will only get you so far when you are found in direct violation of the policies inherent to that state . 
  so you are purporting that militant ecologists with a history of violence are the average citizenry ? 
  right okay . 
  no , i tell you that i never said that via pointing out your logical fallacy , yet you continue to be a broken record . 
  i 'm not going to sit here beating down straw men . 
  it 's just stupid . 
  you have to prove that france does n't have a functioning judiciary , otherwise everything you have said is just unproven conjecture . 
  again false attribution . 
  show me an instance in which they have gone after an average citizen , then we will talk . 
  cool . 
  i do n't blindly trust the government . 
  that would be idiotic . 
  but i am more afraid of terrorists than i am the government , and it 's stupid not to be . 
  how are they wrong ? 
  laugh all you want . 
  godwin 's law ? 
  just compare nazi germany to everything that will solve your problems . 
  no , actually i believe in the fourth amendment through and through , but i once again do n't agree with the idea that the french govt is going after the average citizen . 
  not only that , but the us constitution does n't apply to the french and i do n't know where you got that idea . 
  that 's fine . 
  there is no law on onion routing or encryption yet in france afaik . 
  when there is one this hypothetical is applicable . 
  i do n't do anything illegal so no , but even if i did , the government is n't going after the average citizenry . 
  in that case you are pretty stupid . 
  big deal circle jerk more , it 's a local affiliate . 
  sorry the [ links ] ( http://fox13now.com/2015/11/13/several-killed-in-shooting-outside-paris-restaurant/ ) i read said something different . 
  my mistake . 
  i can think of 129 reasons . 
  edit : count revision, 
  and a source for that claim lies [ here ] ( https://dash.harvard.edu/bitstream/handle/1/4481625/norris_muslimintegration.pdf?sequence=1 ) . 
   i 'm sure the dead civilians in the plane and the dead civilians in paris do n't really see a difference this is an emotional reponse meant to derail discussion . 
   the point is , it 's pretty easy to organize a terrorist attack . 
  isis is n't going to stop organizing them if we close all our borders , even if it would somehow make it marginally more difficult to get into western europe . 
  you think an organization with billions of euros of hard cash and thousands of willing jihadi 's is going to care about stricter border controls ? 
  the only people hurt , once again , are those with limited means actually fleeing the terrorists . 
  so give them the keys to the kingdom ? 
  how stupid . 
  syria is n't a bank . 
  does is have a yearbook ? 
  does germany have a history of inviting in refugees ( at least partly ) ? 
  difference being that the parisian attack occurred on european soil and the other happened to be an outbound russian airplane from egypt . 
  these are n't remotely analagous . 
   we currently have hundreds of thousands of refugees in turkey , europe and other places . 
  we should offer them the opportunity to help take back syria and give them training and weaponry , as they start to form what could be the syrian army of the future . 
  it is a mistake to furnish refugees with arms , especially since some of them are almost certainly sleeper agents . 
  the us furnished arms to mujaheddin during the soviet-afghan war and we are still paying the price for that mistake . 
   we prepare for a standoff with the russians . 
  we offer them a naval base in syria and help with combating extremism by cooperation with our intelligence services , but they have to allow assad to fall . 
  russia will never concede to this . 
  they already have a naval base at tartus . 
  they would ask you why you offer them what they already have . 
  they do not want assad to fall . 
   we couple this with initiatives to crack down hard on islamic extremists at home . 
  we also embrace islam as a whole and start to fund the training of a new generation of imams in a secular , home-grown islamic movement completely separate from the arab world , a european islamic movement for european muslims to identify with . 
  how does europe train and audit this new group of secular imams ? 
   we start to seriously devote funds to tackling unemployment , social unrest and separation of muslim and non-muslim communities this is a good step but the goal abstracts the process which accomplishes it . 
   we start to seriously debate and criticize traditions in muslim societies and the persecution of women , gay people and challenge the resurgence of conservative values in the european muslim community , make them unfashionable . 
  these values , religion and gender roles , are entrenched at home at a very early age when the state is not granted unfettered access to young hearts and minds . 
  so 9/11 involved kalashnikovs ? 
  and that 's relevant because we are dealing with 700,000 german jewish refugees ? 
  that 's fine . 
  at least you own your ignorance . 
  what a citizen of the world you are . 
  better than letting in 700,000 strangers within your borders . 
  if the percentages hold for fundamentalism in worldwide muslim populations , then you are looking at 110,000 fundamentalists inside your borders . 
  how does that sound like a better alternative ? 
  then they should appeal to their fellows in the middle east for sanctuary and refuge or take up arms against their enemies . 
  i personally would n't want more repeat incidents of wolves-in-sheeps ' clothing . 
  it is not the responsibility of europe to shoulder the burden of a ethnic group that guarantees no assimilation and no obeisance to the laws of the european state they wish to reside in . 
  honestly hoping they win from here across the pond . 
  and now bulgaria as well . 
  hope other eu countries follow suit . 
  how very conveniently non-muslim edit : [ muslim integration into western cultures ] ( https://research.hks.harvard.edu/publications/getfile.aspx?id=336 ), 
  [ and yet almost 20 % in indonesia believe in death for apostasy ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2013/04/daily-chart-20 ), 
  [ 74 % of indonesian muslims want sharia law . 
  ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-exec/ ), 
   few u.s. muslims voice support for suicide bombing or other forms of violence against civilians in the name of islam ; 81 % say such acts are never justified , this is just u.s. muslims . 
  at least one hundred dead . 
  i do n't though . 
  i can phrase things however i choose . 
  whether or not you choose to infer incorrectly is not something that is performed at my behest . 
  you are so good at putting words people did n't say in said people 's mouths it 's amazing . 
  spell better . 
  thanks . 
  i was already aware i said that .
