i 'm afraid we get a mix . 
  and that there is a real risk of just moving the conflict . 
  great drawing . 
  and so tragic . 
  but it do have en error in it . 
  there should be people already living in that house . 
  i have to admit the resolution is far better in the south . 
  but ... 
  the two `` last '' bright spots ( in sweden ) are \u00d6stersund and sundsvall i 'll assume . 
  then i believe it 's ume\u00e5 we can see right between the two blue errors . 
  right above the left blue error it could be skellefte\u00e5 , pite\u00e5 and even lule\u00e5 before the horizon ? 
  i found it somewhat helpful to have a regular ( top perspective ) map , and a corresponding night view . 
  then you can switch between them , in order to recognize patterns . 
  http://www.flashearth.com/?lat=60.767264&amp;lon=13.414303&amp;z=6.1&amp;r=0&amp;src=night http://www.flashearth.com/?lat=60.767264&amp;lon=13.414303&amp;z=6.1&amp;r=0&amp;src=msl use the `` permanent link '' feature to get them exactly the same , and then change map source on one of them , ( if you have ubuntu compiz-plugins-extra you can make windows semitransparent . ), 
  it works the same way in sweden . 
  that video was peaceful . 
  i did n't even see any dents or cracked windshields on the police cars . 
  probably the weather is n't that great right now . 
  but in a month or two , when the hypothermia wears off ... many believe it will get exiting again . 
  i will not tell if it is the genes , or the culture . 
  but sure it is something . 
  i 'm not sure it is just the geographical location and/or pure bad luck . 
  so i guess many europeans are afraid the migrants will bring the chaos they are escaping from here . 
  but . 
  your question is somewhat wrong . 
  most europeans seems to love the idea of large numbers of migrants and the idea of a big change in our culture . 
  but is there traffic unless vehicles are involved ? 
  you are aware there is also a lot of buildings where the walls are lit up . 
  commercial signs . 
  stores with huge lit up windows , when they are n't even open . 
  farmers have huge lamps , on the farms where there hardly are people at all . . 
  etc. . .  it 's more likely to get robbed or raped in a dark area but that does not necessarily mean that there would have been more thieves and rapists if it was generally darker everywhere . 
  your statement only tells there is a correlation between light and the geographic distribution of where robberies and rapes are committed . 
  it really does not say if there is a correlation between light and the total number of thieves and rapists . 
  in my country we basically have sun light all night during summer months . 
  there are not less robberies and rapes under that period . 
  on the contratary . 
  all kind of crimes , and not least rapes go up when it is bright everywhere outside . 
   traffic i have an idea then . 
  why do n't we just put light in front of the vehicles ? 
  that is not a valid argumentation . 
  just because we can produce more and brighter light with the same or less amount of energy today , does not mean it 's not still a waste doing so . 
  this is so sad . 
  why do have to waste energy like this ? 
  we do n't sleep well . 
  and it is ugly . 
  define kebab . 
  it sure looks like germany could use a wall right now . 
  in sweden we think that you kind of invented the yogurt , and are eating it the whole time , in all dishes , and that you all get 100 years old because of the yogurt . 
  sexy blonds . 
  why would i tell anyone about them ? 
  shit !, 
  i just did . 
  you do n't eat yogurt ? 
  is there any page where one can check how these numbers have changed over time ? 
  that is strange . 
  in sweden we have laws against that kind of discrimination . 
  have they really measured the same job , for the same hours , etc ? 
  i will miss this . 
  thanks, 
  is there a list somewhere where one can check for which countries has been plagued by this kind of mafia , and which ones are still clean ? 
  one does not want to support this kind of corrupted counties where lobbyists is in the position to get money for nothing . 
  why is there some kind of information tax on an iphone ? 
  it is virtually impossible to get one fucking mp3-file into it . 
  a bit sooner than expected . 
   if you 're ultimately burning a fuel to produce the electricity , it 's going to be at least twice as efficient to burn it directly in the house . 
  yes . 
  but i wrote : `` but you were perhaps assuming we made electricity from coal or similar . 
  we try hard not to . 
  and since we do not have any gas or oil , that have to be imported , so that is not efficient for the country in an economic sense . 
  we do have nuclear plants , we have turbines in most rivers , and wind turbines . '', 
   regardless of where you 're getting the electricity , it 's going to be 2-4x as efficient to use it to run a heat pump . 
  but ... 
  if you are getting your energy from oil , i think you can just burn it in your house , just as well as making electricity of it to run a heat pump . 
   that assumes that there are no period where you want light without heat we do use lamps sometimes in the evenings even when no heating is needed . 
  and you do have a point in the fact that heat could be more efficient produced with a heat pump than in a regular light bulb . 
  but on the other hand , it is n't like the more efficient light sources does not consume energy at all . 
  they still get hot . 
  but that is why i wrote `` a very small difference '' and not `` no difference '' . 
  all in all , i do n't think this `` ban '' is worth it here . 
  the same amount of money and toxic could probably been better invested in some better insulation up here . 
  more efficient in what way ? 
  an electric radiator is one of few things with 100 % efficiency . 
  but you were perhaps assuming we made electricity from coal or similar . 
  we try hard not to . 
  and since we do not have any gas or oil , that have to be imported , so that is not efficient for the country in an economic sense . 
  we do have nuclear plants , we have turbines in most rivers , and wind turbines . 
  we heat up our houses with everything . 
  it is cold up here . 
  we use electricity , oil , wood , and garbage . 
  ( heat pumps are common , but they are run on electricity . ), 
  ( solar panels is not very useful for heating , for obvious reasons . ), 
  up in the north where it is cold during the winter , we have to turn up the heaters to compensate for the more efficient bulbs . 
  during the summer it is sunny and bright anyway . 
  probably a very small difference . 
  ( i guess the most noticeable difference is an increase in toxic waste . ), 
  i suggest putting up crosses everywhere , as a test of ability to integrate . 
  did he except to achieve something specific ? 
  direct link : http://infobeautiful4.s3.amazonaws.com/2010/05/1276_iib_international-number-ones-2016-1.png, 
  a lot of numbers .
