  but i could n't find any numbers telling which groups are behind the attacks . 
  hard to guess without knowing where you are from . 
  the most scary part is not the absolute numbers . 
  it is the rate at which it accelerate . 
  and what is the cause , which we know just keeps accelerating every day . 
  big eyes . 
  perhaps only surprised . 
  perhaps a bit concerned . 
  but i can not see any signs of shock . 
  i 'm not sure it is cultural either . 
  she looks like any city girl . 
  i do n't think she just have arrived from some tribe where she never have seen more than 100 people . 
   russian soldiers executing georgian citizen in duty , or off duty ? 
  how many world records can you find held by a woman ? 
   men have a wider `` range '' of intelligences , meaning that there are more stupid men and more `` genius '' men than women , on average . 
  this shows the importance of being very clear about whether you count an average of all men and women , or only the ones that are working , when presenting number in this kind of discussions . 
  since there always is a demand for the brightest people , the pay at the top of the spectrum will always be high . 
  and most at the top are men . 
  in the other end , if there are unemployment , who will not get employed ? 
  the average ones , or the idiots ? 
  the idiots . 
  men mostly . 
  i think it is . 
  but it is not the complete picture . 
  they have some schedule they are working after , and they release bit by bit . 
  elisabeth h\u00f6glund have counted 162 possible murders in 2016 . https://elisabethoglund.se/blogg/163-morddrap-begicks-sverige-2016-enligt-mina-studier/ if i remember correctly , we will get the official br\u00c5 report for 2016 on 2017-05-30 . 
  leader of the brain free world . 
  not really sure what you guys are talking about since a post has been deleted . 
  but ... where i live , way up in the north , there is a `` green '' party . 
  they are based around the quest of becoming environmentally friendly and saving the planet and so on . 
  but at the same time they are keen on moving half of african population up here in the north were there is hardly any sun half of the year , and the heating costs for every building are huge . 
  that does not make any sense ,, 
  they are not defined as mainstream . 
  but they have quite strong support , so in a sense , yes . 
  how do you measure that ? 
  that 's the way it is in my home . 
  that 's the way it should be in my country . 
  how are you going defend that territory , without everyone puts in some resources into building weapons , tanks , boats and eveything , and force people to join some kind of `` big guard force '' ? 
  if the answer to my question is no , then your question is irrelevant . 
  if the answer to my question is yes , then your question is a good one . 
  but not addressed to me . 
  territoryless ? 
  haha . 
  how ? 
  at least you have to claim a territory where you have your `` state '' or the `` non state '' or whatever you which to call it . 
  first of all . 
  the pope , by definition , is a man who sees a lot of connections that simply do not exist . 
  otherwise he would n't got the job . 
  why do people even care about this delusioned man ? 
  but , ok . every time populism rises , it is ... popular . 
  because the regular politicians do a lousy job , and are getting unpopular . 
  that is a parallel , i guess . 
  on the other hand . 
  last time there were largely the jews who were the target . 
  this time it is largely the jews enemy that is the target . 
  so i do n't think the situation is all that similar . 
  at least it can exist . 
  who will defend a true communist state against fascist states ( or against people within a state with such ambitions ) ? 
  i think one part of the problem is that the media and the politicians seems to actually believe the current path is making sweden safer . 
  i think the main reason is a failed integration . 
  the population is growing rapidly , but the number of tax payer is not . 
  the social welfare system , health care , the police , courts , fire departments , and practically every other function in the society just ca n't keep up with the development . 
  this chart is getting old . 
  i assume sweden had climbed up a bit since this . 
  there are no official number for 2016 yet . 
  but from 2014 to 2015 homicides went up by 25 % . 
  united against what ? 
  christians ? 
  drugs ? 
  communism ? 
  black people ? 
  feminism ? 
  what 's is up with nyhavn ? 
  what 's to see there ? 
  endless fields of sandy soil ? 
  i thought billund was the only place worth a visit in denmark . 
  yes . 
  even my ass knows some shit !, 
  if you take a day and read everything you can find about the subject , you will find that it is slightly above 90 % in the us , likely . 
  perhaps a bit higher . 
  sources vary a lot . 
  if you look in typical muslim countries the number are * much * lower . 
  in europe , my ass expects it to be somewhere in between . 
  so my ass thinks 90 % is a fair , but rather high , number for the world as a whole . 
  perhaps it is only about 80 % of them , world wide do not stand behind these kind of attacks . 
  perhaps even lower . 
  there will never be any exact number on this . 
  but if you think it is around 99 % or something , and you do not plan to take the time to look it up , please just take a look at 2nd figure at pdf page 11 and the two figures at pdf page 60 in this document ( page 5 and 54 in original scanned document . ), 
   most muslims are really good people yes . 
  about 90 % of them are against this kind of attacks on `` non beleivers '' . 
  i think this only shows that people are full of fear , of actually taking a stance against the sick culture producing the perpetrators again and again . 
  if large number of people from a completely different culture is allowed to vote , the risk is apparent they will change the ways the country works to their own ways of running things . 
  and how good have that turned out in the countries they came from ? 
  being a protectionist , caring about your society , or even being an egoist , is not the same as being a racist ? 
  from which information bubble do you get stuff like that ? 
   greece should create a more welcoming environment but you do realize that is an impossible task . 
  if you somehow find the resources to make it nicer , then there will come even more that you will need to find resources for . 
  what you can do is draw a line and say stop , then you could perhaps spend some on the ones already there . 
   this is a testament to the failures of european migrant/asylum policies and highlight areas for improvement . 
  no this is a testament to the failure of not stepping in and stopping the madness in the countries people need to escape from .
