* you must also write in your language and english in / r/europe . 
  `` neutral country '' my ass, 
  i 'm a lesbian atheist , and this mass migration scares the shit out of me . 
  i have nothing against people who are otherwise good people that happen to be muslim , but by and large , everything i 'm seeing about the people migrating in right now says that they are not going to try to help make my life better . 
  i hate that they are in such a tough situation , but when they come in to europe , saying that they think women are inferior , and that stoning the gays and infidels is the best punishment , my sympathy levels for them drop exceedingly quickly . 
  it 's really hard to empathize with someone that wants you dead ... even if they themselves are n't actually going to be doing the killing . 
  in the quran, 
  they want to stone me on 2 accounts , and treat me like shit on 1 . 
  they can go fuck themselves as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i 'm a gay atheist woman . 
  fuuuuuuuck muslims . 
  you think even the moderates respect me as a person ? 
  not even a little . 
  i 'm the worst kind of person to them , so as far as i 'm concerned , they can go fuck themselves . 
  what is a secular muslim ? 
  that 's an oxymoron . 
  in soviet russia , government approves of you, 
  perfect . 
  option 5 : norway can annex sweden , at which point it automatically becomes part of nato . 
  his 80 or 90 % approval rating is n't enough , apparently . 
  not with that flag that lacks a cross anyways . 
  religion is a huge problem , actually . 
  it teaches you to do things without regard to reality . 
  but this is true with all gnostic religions , not just islam . 
  they 're fleeing from violence and civil war , not sharia law . 
  sharia law has been in place in syria since 1973 at least . 
  that 's not new , and if they wanted to flee from that , then they would have been coming in droves before this year . 
  those are definitely different , and op 's point is n't valid in that context , but the problem is , these immigrants are not likely to integrate . 
  if they were to integrate , then fine , mass immigration may not really be a problem . 
  multiculturalism is n't a problem either , when i say integrate , i mean , have the same basic ideas of democracy and freedom . 
  you can prefer different food , have a different religion , and even speak a different language , but if you want to impose say , sharia law on the places you 're immigrating to , that 's a very serious problem for europe . 
  people already in the eu already by and large have those values . 
  people from the middle east ? 
  eh ... not so much . 
  bringing more people that follow the same general principals as the people in those videos to europe seems like a good idea . 
  i 'm going to hell for laughing at that . 
  turkey is an awful place , especially for women tourists . 
  well , it 's only got 7 days , so ... chop chop . 
  l\u00f8l * lol *, 
  i 'm really not sure how cultural differences can lead to people thinking it 's ok to rape . 
  it 's not like this is some minor misunderstanding . 
  someone from france not tipping at a restaurant while visiting the us is a cultural difference . 
  raping someone is not . 
  i was totally with you on the poverty and social isolation bits though . 
  oh come on , certainly you also know '' [ perkele ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perkele ) '' right ? 
  someone sat on that poor e !, 
  would you mind countering this ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  i do n't know as much about european history as i should , and given that i plan to move to norway soon , i would like to have an accurate picture of what i 'm getting into . 
  why is russia not a threat to europe , counter to what the europeans are seeming to be saying ? 
  you dirty mongoloid !, 
  l\u00f8l * lol *, 
  help help , i 'm being repressed !, 
  sorry , that 's not a supported language , please try again in english . 
  yes , but usa beat uk in a fight a while back . 
  yup . 
  fuck that noise . 
  oh , i 'm not under the impression that any particular country is a magical place , but i can assure you that it 's better than where i currently live in the southern us . 
  so i 'm not under any impression that moving to norway will fix every last one of my problems , just a lot of them . 
  i 'm american , but i want to be a norwegian , thus i use a norwegian flag with the flair `` wannabe norwegian '' . 
  but as it stands now , i 'm working towards moving to norway . 
  yeah , thanks to the finns for fucking that one up for norway . 
  i typically hear it as an anti-feminist term . 
  kamal\u00e5s\u00e5, 
  one 's moral system , so long as it is consistent , can not be contradicted , and said in a universal sense to be `` wrong '' . 
  however , most religion contradicts itself , thus you can say that it is wrong , at least some part of it , thus calling into question the rest . 
  however , you 're right , non-islamic thinking is starting from a point of `` faith '' that human rights exist . 
  i think that if you disagree with that sentiment ( directly or indirectly ) you 're a psychopath , which is why i 'm anti-abrahamic religion , of which they are all based on psychopathic literature . 
  but that is just my opinion , that psychopathy is wrong . 
  hey , you 're make a good us southerner . 
  well , that may be true , but it 's still the best option . 
  currently , europe is only taking in a fraction of the people that are in war torn areas . 
  unless you disagree that taking in every resident of syria would be impossible , you 're simply helping the ones that are luckiest to be able to get out in the first place . 
  helping them in place helps all of them , particularly the ones that need it the most . 
  the fact is , taking in tons of refugees just makes you feel better , but does n't really do as much good as helping them in place . 
  plus , it causes so many other problems , when you bring in thousands upon thousands of culturally incompatible people . 
  stop letting in so many refugees , and instead help them in their country . 
  ensure that the people that must be let in are in fact refugees , and not economic migrants posing as refugees . 
  ensure that the people that do come begin the process of integration , including taking cultural classes and learning the language ; if anyone refuses , deport them immediately . 
  deport people that commit any serious crime on the first offense . 
  do not allow refugees to form ghettos . 
  eh , natives and people that immigrate legally . 
  there should be no difference in handling the two . 
  they 're just mad because after they saw that non european countries can in fact be invited to eurovision , they still were not . 
  fuck you both . 
  just kidding :d, 
  oh , do n't get me wrong , christians can go fuck themselves too . 
  but at least today , in 2016 , christians are certainly more tolerant than muslims , and that 's the important thing . 
  if muslims start to become more tolerant than christians , then i will most certainly re-evaluate my stance . 
  because christians in the uk are ok with gay marriage . 
  i doubt they 're ok with gay marriage but want gay sex to be illegal . 
  either way , that means that the muslims are still assholes . 
  it just may be that christians are also assholes . 
  sounds good to me . 
  as a lesbian , i despise the majority of muslims . 
  christians too , but it 's mostly the muslims that scare me . 
  swedish curses are the worse . 
  you have to put the english under it , in italics . 
  that 's the rules , you know . 
  everything i 've ever read has stated that you ca n't do that , though perhaps there are extreme circumstances or something that i 'm not aware of .
