  i did no such thing . 
  [ citation provided ] ( https://themoscowtimes.com/articles/poll-shows-russian-attitudes-to-gay-people-are-worse-than-decade-ago-48066 )  eighty percent of russians said they were against same-sex marriages , as opposed to 59 percent in 2005 , the pollster found . 
  #  almost half of russians -- 41 percent -- said the authorities should persecute people with `` untraditional sexual preferences '' in order to `` exterminate the phenomenon . '' thirty-two percent said the authorities should n't care at all , and only 12 percent agreed that the government should acknowledge gay rights and protect the lgbt community from discrimination . 
  russians are really shitty towards gay people . 
  this is n't a made up fact , it 's very real , just like muslims are really shitty towards gay people . 
  this is true no matter how much the regressive left tells you otherwise . 
  not until they change that silly non cross flag , they ca n't . 
  we 'll see in november , yeah ? 
  sure i can . 
  you just do n't want to hear it , because you have a hard on for islam . 
  yes , it 's completely impossible for people to hate religion in general . 
  they only hate islam . 
  which is a race , of course , not a set of ideas . 
  oooooooooooor , just throwing this out there ... we can stop pandering to absurd religious requirements . 
  you want to wear a colander on your head , great !, 
  you do you . 
  when there 's no reason not to , go for it . 
  but when it comes to things that have a reason for you to take it off , ( any valid reason at all ! ), 
  you must do so . 
  this goes for hijabs too . 
  how 's trump working out over there ? 
  wow . 
  i have no words . 
  ... go out and protest ? 
  it was a joke about noun capitalization . 
  yes , but would you understand me if i said `` gestern ich festen mit freunde '', 
  i do n't really care about a nation 's past , assuming it has changed . 
  i do n't think naziism represents germany anymore . 
  you might be able to find one muslim majority country that is better than a christian majority country . 
  but that 's in spite of the religion , not because of it . 
  it just so happens that there are far more christian majority countries that are n't shitholes ( also in spite of their religion ) than there are muslim majority countries . 
  both islam and christianity are terrible , and they should both be gotten rid of . 
  in both religions , if someone is a good person , then that is in spite of their religion , not because of it . 
  but , in 2016 , it just so happens that islam is the more dangerous of the two , and more effort should currently be put into preventing the spread of islam . 
  i do n't blame the whole group . 
  but the only good muslims are the ones that are radically to the left . 
  the moderates still think gay people should die , they just will vote that law in , rather than shooting up a gay bar . 
  all four of those jail or kill gay people . 
  next ? 
  me too . 
  and indeed , i moved from the us to norway for just such a reason , 
  by all means , please list them . 
  i 'm failing to think of any . 
  to a degree they do . 
  they 're all pushing an ideology that at its absolute core is the rotten part . 
  how bout that thing ? 
  actually , let 's criticise malaysian , singaporean , and indonesian muslims for the actions of malaysian , singaporean , and indonesian muslims . 
  have you seen the human rights violations happening in these countries to minorities ? 
  pretty much every muslim majority country is a shithole to one degree or another . 
  i would rather live in any christian country than any muslim country . 
  all of islam deserves chastising . 
  having said that , i 'm still not defending christianity . 
  bagpipe dream ? 
  oh my god , this . 
  the only good muslims are the ones that are very liberal . 
  90 something percent of them are hugely problematic in one way or another . 
  pretty sure it 's a city in france or switzerland or something . 
   fuck putin 's government , yes . 
  well , like , 80 % of russians like putin and think he 's doing a fantastic job , so ... 
  not according to the protestants . 
  well great , what am i supposed to do with this jihad engineering degree now ? 
  not until you change that ridiculous non-cross flag of yours . 
  [ change it to this ] ( http://estonianworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/594px-estonian_alternative_flag_proposal.svg_.png ) , then we 'll talk . 
  see , this is why i asked if you can read english . 
  i did not say we should bring them in . 
  let me repeat , in case you still do n't understand , i agree with you . 
  we should not bring them in . 
  we should , however , help them . 
  that does n't mean bring them in . 
  again , not helping them by bringing them in . 
  can you read english ? 
   having said that , mass importing them is not the solution , and besides causing tons of problems here , it also only helps the ones that are economically sound enough to make it here in the first place . 
  no , we should help them in place , not bring them all here . 
  why ca n't we help them in place ? 
  why should we only help the ones that are economically sound enough and strong enough to get here in the first place ? 
  what about all the people that have to stay there for whatever reason ? 
  fuck them ? 
  we should n't import them in the millions , but that does n't mean we ca n't help them . 
  we absolutely should help them , while keeping them in their country . 
  well , i do n't strictly agree with this either . 
  if you wait until all the problems on earth are solved before you spend money on space exploration , you 'll never get off the ground . 
  similarly , we can help people in war torn countries before we help the people here . 
  having said that , mass importing them is not the solution , and besides causing tons of problems here , it also only helps the ones that are economically sound enough to make it here in the first place . 
  no , we should help them in place , not bring them all here . 
  no , i agree , it 's a problem , but it 's just like banning head scarfs : it takes away freedom of choice from women . 
  look , i think it 's negative , and should be done away with . 
  but through aggressive education campaigns , rather than outright bans . 
  i 'm really not sure how you ban this without banning arbitration . 
  what are your thoughts on arbitration ? 
  it 's just as legal as arbitration courts . 
  they do n't have to use them , but they can . 
  look , i hate islam just as much as the next logical liberal person , but there is no problem here . 
  if someone wants to willingly submit to shit arbitration , let them . 
  one suggestion i might have is that they be forced to explain to the parties to the arbitration that this is optional , and they are entitled to actual legal proceedings if they desire . 
  i for real had someone call it norwegia once . 
  sounds like the attitude of the people in the southern us, 
  that just tells you where they grew up though , not where they just came from . 
  kubuntu and some generic dell thing . 
  i 've had tons of wireless issues with that box , and only after installing linux on it . 
  funny , i had issues with the wifi on my up to date linux box just last week .
