  certainly you 'd have to be really trying to , you ca n't accidentally end up stateless . 
  [ according to this , no ] ( https://www.quora.com/which-countries-disallow-citizenship-renunciation ) . 
  however , nk might be an outlier , not sure . 
  as far as i was aware , that 's not possible . 
  you need a promissory note from another government saying that they are irrevocably bound to grant you citizenship after you renounce . 
  i suppose you could do it on purpose , get clearance to get new citizenship , renounce , then not follow through the rest of the process , but in that case , that was a genuinely stupid thing to do . 
  i suppose it might be possible with other countries besides the us though . 
  norway does this , because they wo n't ( currently ) allow dual citizenship . 
  while i 'm not a norwegian citizen ( yet ) once i am able to get norwegian citizenship , i intend on going through this process , assuming dual citizenship is n't allowed by then . 
   they 're not very stable . 
  the muslims , or the population of muslims ? 
  these westerners in saudi arabia , are the men , or women ? 
  straight , or gay ? 
  busses , trains , theaters , sporting events , concerts ... all these places do n't have security . 
  i was an emr in the southern us , and such zones existed for us too , but it was due to gang and drug activity in those areas . 
  not to downplay the migrant crisis in any way , but , the existence of zones like that are n't necessarily a sign of anything that is specific to sweden or europe . 
  um , maybe they are the best in that list of countries , but compared to the rest of europe ? 
  not even a little . 
  what the actual fuck, 
  all those people immigrating to north korea are really disruptive to the juche ideology . 
  probably danish . 
  nah , i 'm not doing the same thing to them as they would do to me . 
  they want me dead . 
  i just do n't want them in europe , leeching off my tax dollars , or having a vote . 
  they are welcome to move to saudi arabia , and i hope they have a good life . 
  but their ideological framework ( islam ) is the problem here , and that has no place here . 
  if they 're going to hate me , and enable the extremists , why should i be in favor of letting them in and supporting them with my tax money ? 
  further more , given that one can argue that once here , all they 'll try to do is create the same situation here that they 're trying to run from there , why should we let them in ? 
  the fact is , the problems in the middle east stem from radical islamists , as well as the moderates , who enabled that in the first place . 
  they did n't care when the extremists were only decapitating adulterous women and lgbt people . 
  but now that the extremism and division has reached a large tipping point , and thousands of people are being executed by extremists , now they seem to care ? 
  where were they when my lgbt brothers and sisters in the middle east were being executed by the extremists , hmm ? 
  they can go fuck themselves as far as i 'm concerned . 
  they have only their own ideology to blame . 
  the syrian civil war is one islamic branch killing another islamic branch . 
  this is the logical conclusion of islam , and it does n't have any place in the modern world . 
  that 's fine , and i 'm ok with letting in people that are in danger of being murdered , such as lgbt people and atheists . 
  that 's not exclusively who is currently being let in . 
  there are gay refugees being assaulted by other refugees at the asylum centers . 
  the ones doing the assaulting are part of the majority viewpoint . 
  they , and everyone that think like them need to go . 
  the hardcore radicals were created in large part because of the at best apathy and at worst actual viewpoints of the `` moderate '' majority . 
  why should europe allow the root cause of the radicals in ? 
  i pity the moderates that are victims of their own ideology , but why should i , as someone the moderates by and large want the radicals to kill ( a lesbian and an atheist ) want to support them ? 
  the majority of middle eastern muslims want sharia law to rule over me , which would include me dying . 
  why should i help them ? 
  they made their bed , so they can sleep in it . 
  there 's nothing out there but sea and birds and fish . 
  and the part of the country that the front fell off . 
  as a lesbian , i 'd rather pakistan not recognize my gay marriage , than norway recognize child marriage . 
  well , my headphones are broken . 
  phil bryant was elected governor for a reason : the majority of voters like him . 
  he and the majority of the rest of the politicians are assholes , and that does in fact reflect negatively on the majority of the people . 
  either the majority are apathetic enough to not vote , or they voted for him . 
  both are negative , and apply to the majority of people in the state . 
  i got disowned by my family in part for being non-christian . 
  i 'm from the metro jackson area . 
  do n't try to make it like it 's all sunshine and roses darling . 
  i shit on it , because it 's a shithole . 
  when assholes like phil bryant can win the governorship , and initiatives like the 42 amendment fail , the problem is n't a select group of people , it 's the voting block as a whole , or those that fail to vote . 
  yes , i was born in mississippi . 
  i 'm from mississippi . 
  in what way ? 
  yes . 
  i was born and raised in mississippi for 27 years of my life . 
  i kind of know what i 'm talking about . 
  indeed . 
  the problem is n't just the extremists . 
  the fact is , most moderates have extremely problematic views as well . 
  while they obviously do n't agree on everything , most of the people fleeing isis agree with them in several points . 
  for instance the treatment of lgbt people . 
  and to a slightly lesser extent , women 's rights . 
  there are still pockets of holdouts in the west . 
  take the entire southern us for example . 
  i see . 
  thanks for the explanation \\ ^ \\ ^, 
  ah , so the normal eu immigration laws work differently for refugees than for citizens ? 
  excuse my ignorance , but given the schengen area , how can one prevent immigration from one schengen country to the next ? 
  in that case , obama will invite them to the white house soon . 
  the problem is and has always been religion . 
  islam is far worse than christianity sure , but they 're all horrid . 
  not while they have that silly non-cross flag , no . 
  what if we 're trying to peacefully convince people to ban naziism ? 
  because islam is n't a core tenant of government here in the west . 
  if it 's happening in other countries , what makes you think it wo n't also happen in czech republic eventually if the numbers rise ? 
  well , that 's what happens when you put a left shoe on your right foot . 
  quite uncomfortable indeed . 
  history is not necessarily indicative of future events . 
  i 'm still not convinced that it 's certain that trump wo n't win . 
  i 'm not convinced he 's going to drop out . 
  i mean , he seems pretty representative of the republicans that are being polled , at least . 
  he 's still in the lead , is n't he ? 
  the mexicans, 
  best if you just stay in the sauna . 
  snow ca n't get you there . 
  yes , that is true i suppose . 
  i 'm still not going to excuse a country that has such atrocious views towards gay men . 
  that 's part of what 's in the picture , yes . 
  it 's quite hard to not do that when it would be entirely unsafe for me , a lesbian , to visit russia . 
  it became an us vs them thing when the russians made it so .
