it is when it is unexpected . 
  do you guys in europe not care if the chinese place is cooking cats or chicken ? 
  is it like 1930 's depression era germany over there ? 
  enjoy your horse meat lasagna . 
  well good luck , it sounds like the ball on federalism is rolling again at least after the fear from the financial crisis and anger over years of forced austerity is waning among the eu populace . 
  so something like what iceland did wherein they had the citizens create a new constitution would be an abysmal mess of competing interests if put forth today to all eu citizens ? 
  so , this debate , these are your potential leaders , do you think any of them can take the charge of federalism and run with it ? 
  some sort of frankensteinian eurocrat that endlessly moans about federalism ? 
  keller has the same problem the green party candidates in the us have , just an endless string of patronizing feel good talking points . 
  one of those viewers is playing on a monitor in a conference room in portland , or with three americans doing some paperwork while watching . 
  good luck on the vote !, 
  so do you think federalism in europe is more likely to happen top down or bottom up at this point ? 
  could a debate substantially shift eu citizens to demand more federalization , or less ? 
  it seems like the eu push for federal institutionalization of basic infrastructure and services has largely flat lined . 
  yeah , it is not too uncommon here in the portland , or area for people to have anything from vegetable gardens , marijuana plants , grape vines , or hops in their front or back yards . 
  my neighbors have hop plants that take over the entire side of their house in the spring/summer . 
  yep , same in washington . 
  do you guys have [ community gardens ] ( http://www.portlandoregon.gov/parks/39846 ) at least ? 
  they fought in [ our civil war ] ( http://irishamericancivilwar.com/ ) as well . 
  it is always nice to have choices . 
  still will take longer to ramp up enough to supply europe . 
  what the senators in the article are suggesting is currently impossible . 
  we do n't have the lng terminals at the ports yet . 
  it is a big shit storm on where they will be . 
  as soon as this settles down every country that borders russia is going to start a nuclear weapons program . 
  [ thanks putin !, 
  http://www.underwatermining.org/ they have been holding symposiums and doing work for over 30 years now on the engineering problems . 
  looks like they are currently using a dredging and sorting method on ship mostly . 
  robotic ore harvesting in situ is the logical next step . 
  with deep sea robotics entering their 50th year , it is quickly becoming the future . 
  if you think the oil rush for the antarctic was insane , wait till they find some massive gold ore deposits somewhere . 
  3/4 of the surface of the planet is underwater . 
  the us before the constitution had 19 different navies , some cities had their own . 
  the articles of confederation is the closest historical example to what the eu is . 
  the eu is currently wobbling sideways on federation , and the super confederation it currently exists at will not survive another major economic crisis like 2008 imho . 
  you could try getting rid of vat and raising property and income taxes . 
  the reason oregon in the usa has such a high income tax is that they have no sales/vat tax . 
  they do n't believe in regressive sales taxes there . 
  putin has known his own neck has been on the line since the arab spring . 
  i doubt he will last 10 more years . 
  * special * idiots as it were . 
  it is alright , in that case we in the west will just work against putin 's interests inside his own country until there is regime change . 
  hopefully one that is n't too bloody . 
  felony to open mail but they have been keeping records of who sent what to whom for decades . 
  russia loves tourism , right ? 
  all expenses paid , send them on a free russian vacation . 
  give them a free vacation to russia then and not let them back . 
  deport them . 
  i do n't think you want to admit it , but the eu is not a special case . 
  so that makes learning from other countries like the [ us , canada , brazil etc and about half of the world 's population ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federation#federal_governments ) important , no ? 
  because there are weak and strong forms of federalism . 
  sure , there are completely untested alternatives that europeans like to bring up but a federation is the only system that actually exists in the real world that is on the table . 
  the us almost flew apart under the articles of confederation . 
  there were border skirmishes , and small wars . 
  i do n't accept any alternative future for the eu , no sane person should . 
  it would be a failure if it is incapable of fully federalizing . 
  nothing to do with ignorance , europe has been at war with each other more often than not for 2000 years , if the eu ca n't hold it all together , it will simply fall apart again . 
  eu will either go federal or go back to warring with each other . 
  us is not going to break up , they might add a few new states soon . 
  still wo n't spur politicians to push sanctions if they are being told not to by the businesses in their country . 
  you have a much higher opinion than me of the average politician . 
  still cheap gas to be had . 
  they might care but they are neutered by economic concerns in the eu for russian sanctions . 
  the politicians will do what the corporations who stand to lose money from the sanctions will tell them to do , end of story . 
  next politicians will do the same . 
  this wo n't lead to sanctions so long as there is money to be lost . 
  no one in power cares about people in eastern ukraine . 
   is mostly a reflection of their individual proclivities , rather than that of uk government policy . 
  uk government policy which still bears the entire blame for what happened to this day in ni . 
  apartheid is apartheid . 
  bigotry is bigotry . 
  do n't be afraid to call something what it is , even if the word is ugly . 
  shame that the uk still engages in apartheid . 
  reminds me of the [ baathist revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ba'athism ) in iraq with them wanting to spread pan arabism . 
  by not tying itself economically to russia . 
  who is the top and bottom for germany/russia ? 
  russia ca n't even manufacture their own integrated circuits . 
  everything electronic made after 1989 in russia is not homegrown and that includes every single piece of military hardware . 
  russia if embargoed would run out of spare parts for everything in short order . 
  gmc , a lowly american car company has more ic fab capacity than russia . 
  americans are n't the problem , asia is , which is the americans problem as well . 
  russia has [ no modern ic fab capacity ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_semiconductor_fabrication_plants ) , at all . 
  they have a few research labs , that is it . 
  that is because they invaded all that they wanted immediately after ww ii and is why we should have allowed patton to chase them back to their borders instead of ceding half of eastern europe to the soviets . 
  russia ca n't even build its own airplanes from scratch anymore , it has n't been able to since 1989 . 
  reason being , it has almost no native integrated circuit fab capacity . 
  a 20 year old fab plant in california that now only makes chips for automotive electronics is likely equal to all of russia 's ic fab capacity . 
  what these doomsayers do n't understand is that russia has less industrial capacity than the uk and it is almost all geared towards natural resource extraction and mining . 
  russia could not even keep supply lines going in chechnya . 
  there is no way they could keep something going in the baltics . 
  the world 's largest organic beef herds are in california . 
  us does n't have horse meat showing up in its food supply ... 
  please do n't take this the wrong way but why not ? 
  there are things we can both agree on which would allow standardized regulations to streamline commerce . 
  take timber for instance , the us and eu have had agreements on the free trade of timber goods since the inception of the eu . 
  what would be wrong in expanding that sort of thing ? 
  public roads are literally hitler to ancaps . 
  needs more pomp and less harsh solemnity . 
  no maybe a few million directly , the rest were killed by disease . 
  if nazi germany had n't happened europe and the us would have likely been fighting the ussr during the 1940 's .
