  they killed nearly 60 million people for fuck 's sake . 
  federations have benefits like that . 
  eu arm sales at an all time high , no fucking way this will happen without a lot of grumpy billionaires . 
  i do n't reply to people who feel the need to bold their opinions . 
  gl being right all the time . 
  well we might be looking at a ramp up for the first major drone war . 
  so maybe not as many people will die this time . 
  that is a nice batch of supposition but it does not sway my opinion of the us being an uncertain ally because of gop obstructionism if a shooting war in the baltics occurred . 
   even the tea party would n't be as stupid i would n't wager on that . 
  * we * were n't there . 
  no , i would not wish war on any generation . 
  i 'm saying that if they had pushed the russians back to their borders , we would not be in this situation right now where russian cultural enclaves have been planted throughout eastern europe in disparate pockets of land made possible by soviet-style ethnic cleansing . 
  i would hope the full weight of the us military would bear upon any country that attacks a nato member . 
  however , the us congress can still curb any military adventure in short time by denying funding . 
  with the tea party obstructionists in power in the us house -- w / 90 % of their legislation simply being to spite obama at any cost , any us commitment to any international situation that requires funding , be it natural disaster or a bad case of the russians is not a sure thing at the moment . 
  unless the democrats take the house back , the us is an uncertain ally . 
  leaving the soviet war machine intact was a mistake , it quickly steamrolled over any opposition in eastern europe with horrifying effect , sometimes greater in devastation than the nazis . 
  it would have been nice if that generation had been willing to shed a bit more of their blood so we would n't be confronted by the prospect of shedding our own . 
  i guess we 'll just have to be brave . 
  not if congress does n't want them to . 
  they should have let patton march eastward until he hit alaska after the nazis were defeated . 
  instead they let soviet totalitarianism sweep half of europe . 
  zombie chicks are hot . 
  the last gasp of american antiwar politics this generation was occupy wall street which turned into homeless encampments , and a mess of competing demands that could n't realistically be met . 
  five families in britain own 20 % of the land . 
  in 1000 years we might all be part of the same federation of states with an amalgamated language that make the cityspeak in blade runner look pure . 
  we are heading towards a species-wide language , that is inevitable given the reach and speed of our communication networks . 
  the question is how long . 
  1k , 10k years from now ? 
  it is the human condition to want order and motive to things , when the reality is almost always chaos and our reaction to chaos . 
  soon we will be trading dogecoin for rubles on cryptsy . 
  at least we wo n't be obese for long . 
  world wars are great diets . 
  if you survive them you usually have a much lower risk of heart disease . 
  get a real eu federation going before the russian federation expands further . 
  `` united we stand , divided we fall '' , as us americans say . 
  federal/state/county / metro/city . 
  not every place in the us has metro tax powers though . 
  mostly places with light rail or subways . 
  considering he likely has less than 3 months of spare parts for his tanks , he is playing a very dangerous game . 
  maybe you guys should realize that having a civilized country starts with rights , not rubles . 
  russia would have to take out the ukrainian anti-air system . 
  yeah , they are [ trying to reverse it now ] ( http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/nova/concorde/shock.html ) that americans are working on supersonic executive jets . 
  problem is that the nimby complaints every time the faa attempts to discuss the issue overwhelm any practical concerns . 
  that is fucking retarded . 
  it is all about the same at the high end , i buy both european and us/canadian cheddar . 
  how is that comparable ? 
  tillamook is not a style of cheese . 
  it has been around since wwii , and is a trademarked name . 
  what harm does it do , you can buy it in the uk . 
  it tastes like regurgitated sharp cheddar . 
  should americans be able to prevent other countries from making bbq sauces ? 
  um , tillamook is a region in oregon . 
  cheddar is a type of cheese . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  what is a wisconsin cheese ? 
  brie is a region and a cheese , i 've never heard of wisconsin cheese . 
  sounds good , if you can ever get a rogue river oregon cheese , you should try it . 
  [ the seasonal blue cheese ] ( http://www.roguecreamery.com/store/product/1311/rogue-river-blue-cheese-1-8-wheel/ ) wrapped in grape leaves is stupefying rich . 
  i can only eat a nibble at a time on a slice of pear or apple . 
  i was in se england for a bit last summer and they are coming along as well . 
  trademarks are enough . 
  judges were international ... in the best of show europe swept the awards in 2012 , while losing almost every other category . 
  it is just like wine was 10 years ago . 
  you have some top artisanal stuff in europe that is leagues better than the tons of mediocre products but the * centuries old traditions * of some of these cheeses have been challenged most fervently by the new world creameries and cheese makers . 
  some of them nearing 250 years of production , many older than their european counterparts . 
  [ french wine has american roots . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_french_wine_blight#solution ), 
  the article is about france asking for just that . 
  * label it properly * meaning europeans ca n't compete with 100-200 year old american and canadian cheeses who have been using the same names and methods lol , no thanks . 
  england was trying to get cheddar added as recently as 2012 when the united states has companies 200 + years old making cheddar . 
  why not try innovation ? 
  if you had your way we would not be able to eat [ goat brie ] ( http://www.woolwichdairy.com/products.aspx?x=lwikht29djfe7s8764t6fwk7zrf/1mbi3im/d3oqi0o%3d ) . 
  the european politicians who sold these protectionist policies in populist terms and are now bogging down unification while petty squabbles over cheeses rages on . 
  i pick up a random cheese each friday to try and i agree , the local/regional/national selection of cheeses in the us and canada is overwhelming today compared to even a few decades ago . 
  i have three different kinds of blue cheeses in my fridge right now and none of them are european . 
  cheddar is from lots of places now . 
  they have welsh [ collier 's powerful welsh cheddar ] ( http://www.collierscheese.com/ ) at my local grocers here in oregon , good stuff , one of my favorite cheeses to eat with fresh apples . 
  i think most of the somerset stuff is not sharp enough for me . 
  exactly , innovate and make new types of food instead of zealously guarding vague regional claims to the origin of foods . 
  all this does is make the market artificially expensive for consumers while being lucrative to a few international food manufacturing/distribution conglomerates who could give a fuck about cultural heritage . 
  it is the 1980 's wine thing and 1990 's craft beer thing all over again . 
  now that americans and canadians are winning over 50 % of international cheese competition , instead of innovating , the europeans are choosing to protect the names of cheeses that happened to originate in their areas . 
  should texas sue any bbq restaurant in europe that does n't use texas beef , sauce , and american hickory wood for smoke ? 
  that is how retarded this is . 
  raw milk is just a vector for disease , it is a good thing most countries severely limit it or have banned it . 
  same reason that european wines and spirits are they ca n't compete on price , and ca n't even compete on quality sometimes . 
  i 'd rather take my chances on a random bottle of south american wine over france any day . 
  if you have ever had [ american-style fudge ] ( http://www.kraftrecipes.com/recipes/fantasy-fudge-51833.aspx ) and liked it , than you liked fluff or something like it . 
  it is just a highly aerated vanilla-flavored frosting that has been heated and stirred to a gooey consistency . 
  it is like an american nutella but about 1/5th the calories . 
  [ it has been around since the 1910 's . 
  ] ( http://www.marshmallowfluff.com/pages/history1.html ), 
  um , i 've had welsh , english , irish , british columbian , oregonian , wisconsinan , californian , vermonter etc cheddars . 
  they are all pretty close to each other . 
  i can get a [ 2 year tillamook oregonian-style cheddar ] ( http://www.tillamook.com/products/cheese/vintage-extra-sharp-white-cheddar.html ) that is better than most welsh cheddars . 
  show me a good artisanal cheddar in wales , i 'm willing to try it . 
  us/canada is beating europe in international cheese competitions and i think that is what this is about more than anything and as a result the us/canada is entering the asian markets and the south american markets with gusto while europe is losing steam . 
  it is the whole european 's being too proud of their cultural heritage thing again that allowed the rest of the world to equal than surpass them with wine . 
  all that european protectionism is getting for you guys is a lack of will to innovate .
