well , i think about this again and i can spell this : chomar `` cho '' like '' * cho * pping '' and `` mar '' like '' * mar * ket '' sorry for late answer , i was at work , my mind was busy . 
  sorry , i ca n't know how to write correct pronunciation in english . 
  try google translate , select turkish , write \u00e7omar , and let it speak . 
  \u00c7omar : uneducated , ignorant , hypocrite , islamist akp/erdo supporter . 
  i prefer our old poverty instead of terrorist attacks and fucking sand-dweller * \u00e7omar * s. by the way , we are poorer today than 90 's . 
  lots of people thinking the same . 
  erdo will lose the upcoming referendum . 
  either way , we will sink a little more before rising again . 
  our ignorant \u00e7omars have to suffer to learn . 
  you stole our poverty and unemployment along with baklava and rak\u0131 ^ / s, 
  do n't worry folks , he just talking to his stupid supporters to raise his votes in turkey . 
  it wo n't work , we will take him down soon . 
  trust me , we got sick of his gibberish more than you can ever imagine . 
   the turkish minorities outside turkey have the right to seek independence no , they do n't . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  yeah , right , `` tall '' is the correct translation , thank you friend . 
  well , we call him `` uzun adam '' means `` long man . '', 
  seems appropriate . 
  and also an unsuccessful soccer player . 
   he could right now kill someone live in television and none of his judges would prosecute him for it . 
  he called out his supporters live on tv to stop to the coup attempt and caused hundreds of dead . 
  we passed this already . 
  even if he get the result he wants from this referendum , he can not hold his power for long . 
  actually , i kinda start to want `` yes '' votes win . 
  erdo\u011fan will die one day , his party will tear apart and then we take back our country with all of this huge power . 
  then you can come to turkey as you want , it is gon na be sweet . 
  sweet , sweet revenge . 
  how can one trust them ? 
  how can you know they are not lying ? 
  one of my colleagues is a reis lover , big erdo\u011fan supporter , i literally afraid of that guy , he has no mind at all , a complete idiot and can do anything without a blink . 
  i had a political argument that guy once , if we were not working together and must see each other every day i am sure he would try to beat me . 
  he went out to stop army tanks last summer . 
  fucking army tanks !, 
  and he really believes he made a difference , stop the coup attempt . 
  they ca n't think for themselves . 
  they just obey their chief like a mindless barbarian . 
  they have no rationality and this is terrifying . 
  and this is the real reason why a civil war , big or maybe small , is coming . 
  i do n't trust them , they do n't trust me . 
  half of the country see the other half as terrorists and traitors . 
  how long can we live together like that ? 
  maybe you should look our history . 
  they did , they will try again . 
  they can not help it , they must act like that , they are less than decent human beings in terms of the civilized world , this is what they are . 
  republic failed to educate them properly , we will pay this failure , whether we want or not . 
  it is not a choice . 
  i would like to see a bunch of \u00e7omars trying to invade my home city then , it would be so much fun . 
  yes , there will be a lot of dead . 
  what do you think a civil war is ? 
  i newer said seculars will win , all i am saying that we are going to see our country 's worst days soon , far worse than 70 's and 80 's , and secular wo n't sit their homes . 
  i never even punch a person in my life but if things come to that , i will fight , as much as i can . 
  and you can sit in your home and wait for a radical islamist come to rape you . 
  good luck with that . 
  thanks , solidarity from the west is so important to us right now . 
  we will solve our problems by ourselves , we are not weak as media show . 
  and knowing there are people know what we are , giving us strength . 
  and i hope europe do n't fall to right-wing politicians hands . 
  our erdo\u011fan and european 's right-wing parties playing a game to raise their votes , last events are not coincidences , they are staged , this is a fucking freak show . 
  it never ends well as every sane person can see . 
  how europeans can forget this is beyond my understanding , i do n't think many of them forgot this . 
  nazi invasion is not that old . 
  freedom and secular lifestyle are sure worth to fight for , our ancestors taught this us well . 
  and it is good you guys do n't see us all as wahabbis , akp destroyed our image very badly . 
  \u0130zmir is turkey 's most secular city . 
  kar\u015f\u0131yaka and g\u00f6ztepe are ones of \u0130zmir 's most luxury , upper lifestyle neighbourhoods . 
  those guys are mostly rich , well-educated , has good jobs and burning each other 's stores and stabbing each other derby days . 
  is this looks like passive to you ? 
  there are so much more * \u00e7omars * than us and government forces will be against us too , yes , but seculars do n't give up without a fight . 
  tolerant and empathy ends . 
  both sides disgust each other . 
  if erdo\u011fan pushes us , there will be an answer . 
  this can easily turn a civil war if army divides too . 
   it 's because of aggression of armenian gangs etc. 
  this is why those are another discussion . 
  yes , they mostly are . 
  those events can be easily another discussion tho , what i really pointed was mara\u015f , \u00c7orum , sivas and other massacres , ones they killed and burned alive their own citizens just because they think they are not religious enough . 
  who is going to stop them if they decide to do that again in erdo\u011fan 's tyranny ? 
  we can be just like isis and yezidis in a week . 
  i know this sounds terribly pessimist , well , after 15 years under this ignorants rule , one start losing hope . 
  but , believe me , even in all this pessimism , you wo n't see us running away to the bulgarian border to seek immigration in europe or anywhere else . 
  we are turks . 
  we wo n't run away . 
  even the ones never in a fight in his whole life like me . 
  yes . 
  these islamist lunatics murdered hundreds in the history of turkey just type `` massacres in turkey '' in google , you will find dozens of far-right , religious ones . 
  ( along with the pkk ones and remember that these idiots made them strong again too ) . 
  these happened when they were not in charge . 
  now , they are and they want to give all the power to one man who is hate republic , freedom , secularism , the very pillars of this country . 
  what do you think they going to do ? 
  i do n't know whether turkey will divide or not , sink all way to the bottom or turn back as a decent country . 
  but there will be a war . 
  yeah , probably nationalism . 
  maybe these struggles are inevitable . 
  this kind of conflicts happened before , happening now and will happen every few decades i am afraid . 
  we need to go to mars fast . 
  let them burn the earth . 
  you can not educate a grown man anymore . 
  if that man wants to force you to live under sharia you have to options : you fight or you obey . 
  we never obey before , so ... 
  i do n't want a civil war , i am not a masochist .
