  the definition on the badge is n't great but it 's clearly not the [ croatian police badge ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/11/policijarh.svg/2000px-policijarh.svg.png ) . 
  he 's referring more to orban 's ( and really hungary 's leading political ) rhetoric both before and during the migrant situation . 
  it 's funny how he has gone from borderline pariah to some sort of defender of europe . 
  so actions by a hungarian state company that aggrieved croatia should n't have tarnished opinions or impressions but actions by the croatian government have ? 
  reroute the danube so it forms the entirety of the border with serbia . 
  except it has been shown that was n't a surprise train visit and that hungary scuttled it and lied about it . 
  * bakalar in bianco * basically what op said , but it can also be less pasty and more chunky . 
  people in bosnia are very fickle about the naming . 
  you can get by with ` burek with * ingredient * ' in most places . 
  the best one in rijeka is also run by albanians . 
  france did n't participate in qualifying so technically nobody . 
  but you did , yes . 
  fun fact : there are over twice as many police in croatia now than there were in sr croatia within yugoslavia . 
  and the overall population is smaller now too . 
  the croatian coastal waters are actually not that salty compared to most other salty bodies of water . 
  while there are no large rivers that flow into the eastern adriatic , there are countless underwater freshwater flows that empty into the sea along our entire coastline . 
  edit : upon looking it up , the adriatic as a whole receives one third of the fresh water of the entire mediterranean and acts as a dilution basin . 
  i live in the states and have only been to sandy beaches here . 
  the novelty wears off after the first time you have to de-sand your bag , body , car , house , etc. 
  rocky beaches can take some getting used to but they 're , for the most part , superior imo . 
  also the sea is infinitely clearer at rocky beaches . 
  they should no longer have a say in decision-making . 
  if i put in my two week notice at my job , nobody is going to ask for my input on plans for 5 years from now . 
  a crap job is still better than no job . 
  apparently it was n't just local french , i read somewhere that there may have been parisian hooligans there too . 
  also , french hooligans attacked poles and the northern irish ( who were drinking together ) today in nice . 
  today 's incidents were n't nearly as bad as yesterday 's . 
  what happens after the match remains to be seen though . 
  you 're drawing lines where there are none . 
  english fans are always targets on the continent ( they get jumped and/or stabbed in turkey , italy , etc. 
  during european club competition ties ) because the image of the english hooligan from the 80s has persisted . 
  hooligans are always looking for a `` scalp '' and the english seem to be a favorite . 
  no , it looks a bit like an optical illusion . 
  it may be a symptom of the war . 
  the emerging generation of young players were born during or immediately after the war , so many that would 've been born in bosnia were born wherever their family fled to ( most likely croatia ) . 
  and only one from bosnia . 
  at times it has been considerably more . 
  i think pan-slavism is okay in a sort of benign way . 
  it can just be an affinity to other slavs , it does n't have to include any political or culturally unifying ambitions or undertones . 
   i guess that 's more amongst the common people than the `` elites '' and especially media , or am i wrong ? 
  it 's occasionally used by politicians . 
  some guy from the main party from the right called people proponents of a greater serbia and yugo-nationalists today regarding some issue with a priest that i have not followed . 
   i 'm not saying that ther 's no reason to argue , but when someone compares you to `` hitler '' there 's no more any space for discussion . 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  i think both sides have become progressively more polarized and less willing to compromise or even enter into reasonable discussion across the world . 
  meanwhile , most of us ( who will naturally lean towards one side or the other on most , but not all , issues ) who are caught in the middle go without legitimate representation . 
  accusations of communism are common in croatia . 
  i disagree with the slogans as well , but i do n't think they should provide premise to discount arguments altogether . 
  the political spectrum is a horseshoe . 
  fascism and communism , as we have seen them in practice , have shared many things with one another , most notably in both being totalitarian regimes . 
  in today 's world , attempting to exercise any control that might be reminiscent of totalitarianism ( whether it is law enforcement , economics , religion , etc. ), 
  will result in such accusations . 
  sometimes they 're warranted , sometimes they 're not . 
  are you sure you typed in ` austria ' to get ` in eurovision ' and not australia ? 
  or is it the irish that ca n't tell them apart ? 
  that 's interesting , the way the article reads they 've assimilated well into the country and are generally there because they no longer want to live in russia due to various problems . 
  i admit i was expecting to read something along the lines of the russian minorities in the baltic states . 
  also , they only account for a third of a percent of the population , so nowhere close to baltic state numbers . 
  this is a common misconception with outsiders who fail to notice nuances . 
  in croatian , this is a * trenerka * whereas in serbian this * odjelo na \u0161trafte * . 
  big difference . 
  one of them is clearly a western spy knockoff , the question is which one . 
  what is our wind power potential ? 
  kvarner down to maslenica could probably generate a lot of wind power , especially during the winter months . 
  nobody has felt us joining , montenegro 's population is roughly one seventh ( 600k vs 4.3 m ) of ours . 
  my parents got married there . 
  apparently they say that if a man can carry his wife down every step , the marriage will last/be happy . 
  a set of federalized states is more centralized than the same states remaining completely independent of each other . 
  federalization usually implies a common constitution and can potentially include a common judiciary . 
  not really , no . 
  for example , there is no requirement to publish phase 1 clinical trial data in the us ( they 're working on it ) , even though many of them are funded by government grants . 
  journals/publishers do n't give * any * money to their contributors ( unless the author has received some kind of award ) . 
  it 's often the other way around although it depends on the field . 
   now do n't know what to do with them anymore , so we considerselling them . 
  what ? 
  the country needs/ed money so selling was considered . 
  our highways are very useful . 
  dubrovnik is definitely different . 
  it 's turning into a resort . 
  for comparison , it 's what an italian will tell you about venice . 
  american politics are influential worldwide and it does n't bode well if the american electorate disproportionately prioritizes a specific issue , especially terrorism . 
  the world is still dealing with the blowback from iraq , a war that was started based on exaggerated claims . 
  also , i live there . 
  i 'm a permanent resident in the us and likely soon-to-be citizen . 
  excluding that , there 's nothing wrong with discussing a country other than one 's own . 
  is n't that what everyone is doing on this sub ? 
  it 's frustrating to see terrorism as the most frequent concern among us responses . 
  it 's a concern , sure , but there are more immediately tangible issues at hand . 
  it 's the most pragmatic solution , yes . 
  i do n't have a problem with this if it makes sense . 
  papers from working parties or consortia , large reviews , and multi-center trials among others can have some pretty big lists of authors and that 's fine . 
  croatia does too . 
  we 're generally quite well-prepared for it and send our planes to help fight fires in other countries at least once a year . 
  there 's just only so much that can be done when the wind picks up ( which is often along our coast ) to drive the fire and ground aircraft . 
  most of these analyses are based on y chromosome or mitochondrial dna analyses . 
  a quick search tells me this guy works with y chromosomes . 
  in an area that has had such a significant degree of mixture of populations , there are just too many limitations to be able to make any strong conclusions . 
  it looks like he does work isolated populations in/near russia where there are far fewer factors to disrupt lineages . 
  essentially any male with a german last name is , in terms of y chromosomal dna , german as both are passed down through male lineage . 
  conversely , if at any point an ancestor in one 's matrilineage ( so mother , her mother , her mother , etc. ),
