  croatian wikipedia is crap , take this article with a very large grain of salt . 
  that 's not exactly a bad outcome imo . 
  okay then - affirmative action ? 
  the joke is kind of lost in translation ( though i still do n't quite get it myself ) . 
  the word for cancer , * rak * , also means crab . 
  however , crabs does not also refer to the venereal condition as it does in english . 
  the tiny principality of montenegro did quite well to resist ottoman invasion for years . 
  i do n't know that blood levels would indicate anything . 
  with neuro ( logy / - physiology ) , it 's more along the lines of extended use of anti-depressants leading to synaptic and neural network changes . 
  yeah , / r/mapporn is where they 're always asking for sauce . 
  yup . 
  i remember seeing this when you first posted it but i just noticed this error . 
  it 's josip broz tito , not iosip . 
  that sounds like a hell of a commute . 
  because op is paying attention to men and their hygene more than your average straight male generally does . 
  not that i 'm reiterating the question but it is a bit odd . 
  old habits die hard . 
  there 's also kraj - end . 
  i figure there are a lot of second or third generation croats in australia that would like to play with the motherland . 
  til . 
  there 's also the one that tu\u0111man hung vukovar out to dry in hopes of garnering international support . 
  and going back further , the one about tito being a foreign plant ( both soviet and western have been proposed ) . 
  the accent he spoke with was quite odd and difficult to place and the young josip broz , a factory worker of some sort ( a machinist iirc ) , allegedly lost a finger yet had all 10 later after returning from the soviet union . 
  sounds like croatia . 
  except that there are just as many former card-carrying communists in the big right party than in the big left one . 
  no , i 'm just pointing out that not everything that is filmed in croatia is even in westeros . 
  eh , the scenes filmed in split and klis take place in meereen which is in ~ ~ esteros ~ ~ essos . 
  i commonly hear * puljanin * ( which follows convention ) but there 's also * pule\u017ean * for someone from pula . 
  to add to this , there 's also occasionally trouble with croatian cars depending on the combination of car with [ city x ] plates in [ city y ] . 
  hvar is pronounced * ` hvar ' * because there 's a fucking ` h ' in it . 
  absolutely not . 
  all human ailments can be attributed directly to * propuh * . 
  he was referring to the fact that the op shows the * bura * , a cold wind which comes down from the mountains and blows out to sea . 
  the * jugo * is a warm southern wind that blows from the sea toward the coast bringing large waves crashing into the shore . 
  but yeah , that too . 
  you forgot ivica and marica . 
  yup , cleaning up after themselves seems to be a relatively common practice in japanese stadia . 
  there are quite a few articles that cover this if you look around a bit . 
  it 's almost shocking in comparison to what the norm is in croatia . 
  so many vacant bunkers !, 
  thank you , hoxhadamous . 
  * '' it 's easy to whack poison ivy * with someone else 's dick . 
  i think you 'll understand the gist of it . 
  also , * kopriva * is n't actually poison ivy ( it 's another plant that produces a similar reaction ) but it gets the point across . 
  that looks like prekmurska gibanica . 
  gibanica itself is a somewhat generic term that can refer to anything from that to burek , really . 
  op 's submission is not populistic . 
  calling that incident nazism is a knee-jerk stretch . 
  jelka means fir or pine ( i know it 's used for christmas trees ) but i do n't think i 've ever met anyone with that name . 
  i think it can be used as a nickname for jelena . 
  i 've never heard the name hojka before . 
  it 's quite common in croatia and it 's used in serbia as well ( i do n't know how frequently ) . 
  * sanja * ( f ) is the third person singular of * sanjati * ( to dream ) . 
  so you could say * sanja sanja * ( sanja is dreaming ) . 
  * vi\u0161nja * ( f ) means sour cherry . 
  many of these are ' - ka , ' a large proportion of which are ' - ska . ', 
  most of the rest are ` ija . ', 
  i just do n't think it 's appropriate to compare highways if serbia 's all predate the current serbian state . 
  how many highways has serbia built since 1991 ? 
  zakopane ( a city in poland ) is buried in/under snow . 
  something along the lines of ` we have isis in the mix too ' from a user with a lithuanian flair . 
  it 's also alphabetically the last capital in the world and the only one to begin with the letter z. 
  i 'd heard of it before yesterday but yeah , it came to mind right away because of that . 
  wiki says ~ 120m above sea level but it has suburbs that go up to a few hundred meters above sea level ( there 's a 1035m peak that overlooks the city ) . 
  it says it 's near the boundary for a humid continental climate , whatever that means . 
  at any rate , snow is expected during the winter . 
  no , continental croatia gets quite a bit of snow ( the mountains get buried ) . 
  i 'm from a city on the coast with very elevated suburbs and they get snow every year and last night 's snow even made it to the city proper . 
  two can play that game . 
  okay lithuania wins . 
  we have that issue during the summer regardless of winter precipitation . 
  come summer , this map could represent several months . 
  does it snow enough to warrant acquiring and maintaining the equipment necessary for snow removal though ? 
  because turkey did n't shoot the jet down just for being in their airspace for a couple of seconds . 
  they did it because , according to them , it was becoming a frequent occurrence since russia started bombing targets in syria . 
  to be fair , that was n't the first time russian jets violated turkish airspace . 
  i still do n't agree with shooting it down though . 
  the road is a two-lane deathtrap . 
  you need a highway and/or a rail link for a port to function properly . 
  also plo\u010de is nearby in croatia and has existing infrastructure and connections . 
  questionable separation of religion and state , eastern half stuck in time , constitutional crisis , cheap source of labor for germany ... 
  so which nations have you traveled to ? 
  i 'm not bothered by it being an unknown ( though i would 've preferred petrov himself to take it ) . 
  it 's just all so fishy , even moreso given emerging rumors of preparations over the last several months for ore\u0161kovi\u0107 's move to zagreb . 
  it all reeks of charades and show-negotiations . 
  then again , these are all still rumors of course . 
  i just do n't really see anything different about this government with so many indications that it 's a hdz-backed/suggested/chosen / planted pm . 
  why ? 
  because you wanted something `` different ? '', 
  enjoy . 
  sdp accepted all of most 's conditions and put pen to paper . 
  people were fine with that because it 's what they voted for : reforms . 
  then we get a shady , still unexplained turnaround in 24 hours where most voided two signed agreements and nominated a pm nobody had ever heard from ( who also happens to be from the diaspora - i wonder who suggested him ) . 
  how could they not feel betrayed ? 
  economic indicators have been bad across the continent , you ca n't fault him for that . 
  as far as recovery goes , it has been slower than you 'd like , yeah , but at least there 's tangible recovery . 
  he 's full of himself and made a bunch of stupid statements . 
  he purged his party of some competent people to consolidate his hold on it and assembled an impotent government . 
  however , do you think any of that was malicious ? 
  do you think we 'll see him or any of his cabinet members in court in 5 years ?
