  the passage you quote does not explicitly state that cyrillic is the first slavic alphabet . 
  and it is n't . 
   it is believed that the original letters have been fitted to the original macedonian dialect of bulgarian [ glagolitic alphabet ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glagolitic_alphabet ), 
  bosnia has stars because it 's flashy homosex . 
  i wonder if there are any flags with more stars ... 
  like they were in 1389 ? 
  none of that is entirely false . 
  it 's all just embellished . 
  you would mix with gypsies , mongols , and slav kebab but not with kebab ? 
  you 've got some strange taste . 
  turks and prior populations too . 
  macedonians are the runts of the balkans . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with accepting that you 're the product of centuries of mixing in a hotly contested area . 
  i do n't know too much about greek but slavic languages are excellent to swear in . 
  why would you ever want to leave that ? 
  us balkan nations essentially scrubbed our penises with steel wool in the 90s . 
  now they 're squeaky clean . 
  it 's basically giants wrestling in water . 
  probably one of the most physically demanding sports , period . 
  countries watch what they 're doing well in . 
  handball and waterpolo get really big around tournament time in croatia . 
  in country cartoon , albania full of norwegians . 
  are you sure it was sewage ? 
  it could have been freshly pooped . 
  ( people do that . ), 
  dnevno.hr at 19 in croatia . 
  i 'm pleasantly surprised but it 's still embarrassing . 
  it 's far-right church garbage . 
  rijeka is one of the least expensive cities on the coast . 
  people do n't make much though , no . 
  at least they have jobs , many have no salary . 
  as much as we 've been damaged by the highly centralized government ( and its cronies ) over the last 20 years , no . 
  we 'd be screwed on our own ( i 'm from rijeka ) but i could see istria doing well for itself . 
  haha how can u bring up racism when were talkin bout da balkans lol haha not to mention the scandi-nazis that came to croatia to get their rocks off on slaughter during the 90s . 
  really ? 
  the nordics have their fair share of issues among its indigenous population . 
  alcoholism , suicide , depression . 
  rijeka definitely has a rainy season . 
  it 's okay guys , they 're christian crazies . 
   italy  more civilised must be hard times in romania . 
  shtokavian , yes . 
  chakavian and kajkavian not so much . 
  if i remember correctly , chakavian most closely resembles `` old croatian '' and is significantly less intelligible to serbs ( and non-chakavian speaking croats ) . 
  one of the better pizzas i 've ever had was about 500m into slovenia . 
  also lasko . 
  montenegro is well on its way to being ruined . 
  oh i could read it and pick out the root , the rest is probably lost in translation . 
  france staaaahp !, 
  you said all that in that one word ? 
  :p reminds me of english subtitles of japanese . 
  to elaborate on this - all of the states that seceded in the 90 's + montenegro were republics and had a constitutional right to secede . 
  kosovo was an autonomous province with no such right . 
  well , technically she was born in skopje , most glorious capital of modern macedonian empire . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fcksu/each_country_has_one_city_that_everyone_makes_fun/ck866ka ) is a decent enough explanation . 
  right . 
  i was n't sure if that was the correct term . 
  thanks . 
  are the apostrophes how rusyns transliterate ` y ? ', 
  and half the keys are ws . 
  what 's * kocham te * then ? 
  did n't a rebel leader admit that extra-judicial killings had taken place in separatist territories ? 
   that 's an unproven assertion . 
  i think the difference between how the victors of wwi and wwii dealt with germany is a pretty good proof of concept . 
  embarrassing that we no longer have any swimmers that can contend for medals . 
  not that we were ever tearing it up , but we always had someone who could nick a silver or bronze , maybe even a gold on the odd occasion . 
  where to begin ... unemployment is high , youth unemployment is sky high . 
  the current government is led by a pompous buffoon who has done his best to rid his party ( social democrats ) of its old guard ( some good , some bad ) and has surrounded himself with equally inept ministers . 
  the opposition which could be poised to win the next election is the self-proclaimed center-right party ( with far-right overtones ) led by an even more inept buffoon ( he used to be the chief of the secret police but claims ignorance to shady dealings that went under his nose to absolve himself of any guilt - so either he 's really stupid and inept or another crook in a long line of crooks coming from his party ) . 
  they 're really chummy with the church and have medieval social values and have recently been fraternizing in public with a recently released convicted war criminal . 
  oh , and they were also convicted of having a slush fund account which siphoned off state funds for the party to use . 
  and yet , here they are like it never happened . 
  the only good thing we 've got going is that our president is a pretty normal guy . 
  he had a brief scandal about some sort of intellectual property protection thing but it blew over fairly quickly and he generally enjoys widespread support . 
  the election is coming up in november and his main opponent ( from the `` center-right '' party ; the president was from the social democrats but renounced his membership when he was elected ) is a decent enough candidate , the problem is that it 's evident whose interests she 'd likely represent . 
  our largest problem is rampant corruption at all levels . 
  from the day we declared independence , state-owned businesses have been systematically broken down and sold off for personal profit . 
  we 're currently in a row with the hungarian energy company mol over them bribing our pm into selling them half of our state-owned gas company , ina . 
  this is just me rambling and listing things off the top of my head . 
  there 's more to go through . 
  personally , i do n't think we should join the euro . 
  our currency is already tied to it anyway , i feel that switching over would make things more expensive . 
  i 'm probably wrong but this is my impression . 
  and i consider myself fairly well-informed and not prone to conspiracy theories and other stupid lines of reasoning like many of my countrymen are . 
  for those saying croatia , we 're in * a lot * of trouble right now and have a lot of things to fix to get our affairs in order . 
  there is also no realistic political option that shows any promise to be of much use toward that goal . 
  also , i do n't know that it is a very popular idea at the moment . 
   it also affects how you inflect the words , like the question `` do you want '' in normally is `` haluatko sin\u00e4 '' , but the formal form inflects the verb according to the person so it becomes `` haluatteko te '' . 
  this is the case in many others that have the formal second person as the plural second person . 
  in croatian we have * vi * which is the second person plural . 
  the second person singular , * ti * , is informal . 
  so ` do you want ' goes from * ho\u0107e\u0161 li * to * ho\u0107ete li * . 
  as has been mentioned , in french it is * vous * whereas the informal is the singular * tu * . 
  and let platini take his place ? 
  things will be even worse . 
  maybe literacy in english ... otherwise expect some anecdote full of confirmation bias . 
  indeed . 
  it is one of the rarer variations of the [ svinjokolj ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/croatia/comments/2cftea/croatia_is_this_really_how_you_bacon/cjfikzc ) . 
  it 's just for research purposes . 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  all we ever hear about is how the shipyards are on the verge of huge layoffs and bankruptcy .
