  also , what happened before and after the period should n't be used to judge the period itself . 
  i 'm not nostalgic for the system ( i was an infant when it came down ) but i recognize the merits it had . 
  we were jealous and laid them down ourselves to find them later . 
  : / we do find wwii ordnance here and there though . 
  the former is true and wars were waged/sides in wars were picked as a result . 
  and because you bring up the idea of an autonomous dalmatia . 
  while there is no popular movement advocating for this , the idea is an interesting prospect to some in the region . 
  the sava has been a border between croatia and bosnia for centuries , same with the drina between serbia and bosnia , ravni kotari ( croatia , near zadar ) has always been croatia and never been serbian and was also the cradle of the medieval croatian kingdom ( knin was also a capital at one point , but that 's a really 50-50 / iffy area ) . 
  i just think that some ethnic populations would have to remain outside of their own states for practical and historical reasons . 
  also , i forgot to mention , i think you 'd endear yourself to quite a few dalmatians . 
  i do have objections , but that 's an interesting attempt . 
  one thing in particular that bothers me about it is that it completely disregards historical administrative divisions in mixed ethnicity areas . 
  given the chance , which borders would you go back and redraw ? 
  a single state was out of the question from the beginning . 
  a degree of autonomy for the constituent ethnic groups was crucial and the best way to ensure that was a federation . 
  except that would have been a step in the opposite direction of what he was trying to do . 
  april fool 's !, 
  * jutro * in south slavic . 
  just confirming . 
  i 'd put places that are n't even independent/recognized ahead of bosnia . 
  what a mess ... 
  no , no . 
  you go ahead . 
  any country in the former yugoslavia ( perhaps with the exception of slovenia ) , [ \u0107evapi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cevapi ) , [ pljeskavica ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pljeskavica ) , [ burek ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burek#former_yugoslavia ) , and [ punjena paprika ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/punjene_paprike ) ( stuffed peppers ) . 
  the only disgusting foods i can think of at the moment is anything involving internal organs . 
  agglutinative swearing , aggressive-sounding intonation to non-speakers , arbitrary syntax , borderline mutually unintelligible dialects within an hour 's drive from each other , probably the most phonetic language in the world , and several words for everything plucked from several different nearby languages it 's fun though !, 
  sigh . 
  [ zdravko mami\u0107 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zdravko_mamic ) . 
  perhaps a bit more realistically though hardly less shady , [ ivica todori\u0107 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ivica_todori\u0107 ) . 
  sounds like a pink panther job . 
  in croatia , people from dalmatia are stereotyped as lazy and stubborn . 
  the latter is very true  natives of certain islands or parts of certain islands are considered very stingy and difficult people . 
  while not in croatia , herzegovina has a large croat contingent and they are stereotyped as more backward and petty criminals . 
  most jokes tend to poke fun at and stereotype bosnians ( as not particularly bright and sometimes pathetic ) , montenegrins ( as extremely lazy and quite primitive ) , gypsies , and albanians ( similar stereotypes to bosnians ) . 
  off the top of my head in zagreb there are also streets named after tomas masaryk , the republic of austria , vlachs , ljubljana , and germany . 
  after looking at google maps i also found slovenia and [ this ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@45.7703677,15.9929883,16z ) part of town that has iceland , sarajevo , ukraine , and the vatican . 
  zagreb seems to be chock full of them , it 's pretty neat imo . 
  i 'm from rijeka and we have streets named after fiorello la guardia ( and quite a few other italians ) and ljubljana . 
  we seem to have a ton of streets named after people relevant to the local history ( as well as some names common to most croatian cities ) and not so much foreign ones . 
  i live in the us near washington dc and i 'm having a hard time thinking of streets named after foreigners . 
  l'enfant plaza is a metro stop ( i do n't know if it 's a street , strictly speaking ) , dupont circle is like a square in europe ( also a metro stop ) , and georgetown is a large neighborhood ( named after king george [ x ] ) . 
  otherwise streets are named after letters , numbers , states , various american historical figures , and i believe there 's a stretch named after types of trees . 
  dc has an interesting scheme when it comes to naming streets . 
  tito was a croat . 
  i think it 's more the presentation that 's angsty rather than the philosophy . 
  that has been the case for years . 
  still , tough to beat the absurdity of someone like vucic being elected . 
  i 'm temtping fate with this comment though considering karamarko could be our next pm . 
  is this a joke ? 
  1941-45 and 1991-95 . 
  people will argue about other times but i think most can agree on those . 
  yes . 
  the president officially must leave his or her party upon election as president though but that does n't mean much in practice . 
  parliamentary elections are supposed to happen by the end of the year ( they 're squabbling over the date last i saw ) so criticisms will be flying left and right . 
  to be fair , they 're just streamlining the inevitable . 
  we ca n't stop them from going where they want to go . 
  it 's no different from serbia shuttling refugees to sid to cross into croatia ( which sucked for us but made sense for them ) . 
  should 've included some mountain roads to cover you guys . 
  actually , i think we should put up warning signs across the entire border . 
  ` warning , you are entering a country in the shit . 
  also , landmines . ', 
  we have the benefit of having natural borders which can be difficult to navigate without using the infrastructure in place ( which can be monitored easily ) . 
  also , minefields in eastern slavonia and in lika . 
  it was in response to a specific comment/question , not the entire flood crisis . 
  i do n't think they 're comparable , the us stepped in on bosnia 's side . 
  the west royally screwed up with bosnia and i think they tried to offer all they could after the war . 
  croats ( unless they were from bosnia ) did not receive such benefits . 
  we 're almost half a decade into the civil war yet refugees are only starting to stream into europe now . 
  i think isis is the driving force and they were not brought about by drought . 
  the disagreement is with your unlikely scenario , not with scientific fact . 
  when asked why they 're fleeing syria , i imagine few of them will respond with ` because it 's too hot and i ca n't grow anything anymore . ', 
  same with if you ask rebels and isis why they 're fighting . 
  it 's a ridiculous assertion to make . 
  the us handed out green cards to bosnian refugees like candy . 
  reverse trianon !, 
  i 'm sure i can guess some of the reasons but could you explain your choice ? 
  piran is very pretty . 
  well , what i saw from savudrija , at least . 
  also in some dialects of croatian . 
  i want to say it 's only kajkavian but there are probably others that use it too . 
  too bad about her injuries , she could 've topped all kinds of lists in her sport . 
  there was a mandatory course in university in yugoslavia on national defense and the like . 
  my mom disassembled rifles ... 
  i would n't really call most of central america safe . 
  also , idiots with speedboats . 
  i think that second point probably plays some part in that after several tries it may have become apparent that it simply was not worth pursuing . 
  it 's not like montenegro was under constant siege but they did repel several attempts by much larger forces . 
  and of course things are dramatized for effect , but i was n't aware of skepticism on whether any of it ever happened . 
  i made my post with no intent to pursue pissing contests over skeletons in closets and i 'm not biting on that shitpost bait . 
  i think the fact that montenegro managed to maintain autonomy during that time between those two powers is a huge source of pride . 
  people scoff at `` balkanization '' ( i hate that word ) and the fact that a territory of 500-600k declared independence but most do n't know about the fact that a predecessor to that state resisted incorporation into two of the `` great powers '' of modern european history . 
  people from other countries who stood alone against nazi germany prior to you ( while you stood idly , taking certain moves as acceptable concessions ) might disagree . 
  i would 've just left it at gore x4 . 
  the second part is neat too though . 
  tito 's yugoslavia was already zombie yugo . 
  what comes after that , double-zombie yugo ? 
  it 's impossible to know what most people wanted but there were significant numbers of slovenes and especially croats among the yugoslav partisans and if you go back to post-wwi , there were some strong proponents for a unified state that were slovenes and croats . 
  there was also significant opposition in both cases , more notably the second time it was formed . 
  do n't get stuck in a winter war in bosnia . 
  fair enough .
