  many languages have more vowel sounds than they have letters for . 
  this is what the counter-suit is about . 
  it was an example . 
  nitpicking over specifics is silly and does n't detract from the general point . 
   the irony here is the majority of the victims were muslims so we should only seek justice for the most extensive crimes ? 
   these lawsuits are more to show just how naive , petty and isolated these countries are because they both actually imagine themselves as `` the real '' victims . 
  the sad part is they basically want the world ( and the other parties involved ) to accept that , to take their own personal mythology about the war as a fact . 
  this is a naive way to look at it . 
  the case filed by croatia in 1999 was also about liability and damages . 
  many parts of croatia that were overrun by serb forces never recovered to their pre-war state . 
  vukovar was a relatively well-off town pre-war and in some parts still looks like a war zone today . 
  whether or not it all qualifies as genocide is a matter to be seen , but i do n't see what 's wrong with seeking a judgement on it when what serb forces did in slavonia is highly reminiscent of other arguable genocides . 
  i had the same thought but i was more trying to respond to the post , not the poster . 
  there are many areas where borders are n't as simple as dropping the great wall of china and completely dividing the area in two . 
  they are often permeable to local traffic of people and goods because it is convenient or necessary . 
  this is especially true in an area that was part of a single country as recently as 25 years ago . 
  eu regulations that are proven to be broken by creating these absurd situations ( such as having to drive a fuel truck through backyards to service a gas station ) should be amended to reflect the diverse exceptions and oddities that arise . 
  every now and then we see the map/picture of the town on the dutch/belgian border with the patchwork of borders posted somewhere on reddit and people gush over how neat and cute it is . 
  they were lucky enough to have joined at the same time , croatia and bosnia are not and these people should n't be punished for it . 
  yeah , i have n't had a proper burek with cheese since last june . 
  :( ( ( also , good luck on getting that legislation changed with your government . 
  i suppose you 'd have to start by passing it at the village level by the end of the year , then you might get up to the canton level by january 2017 . 
  so instead of fixing broken regulations , countries should n't join because they expose the broken nature of certain regulations . 
  what is croatia supposed to do about it ? 
  the citizens are handcuffed by eu regulations , not croatian laws . 
  yes , land-locking a nation is a very straightforward fix . 
  and while obviously still very far away , there are thoughts and distant plans about building a port in neum . 
  given the absurdity of economy and politics in bosnia , they 're more likely to somehow join the eu before that happens , at which point its utility would be diminished considering the relatively large ports nearby . 
   besides navy , couple of other maritime institutes are there too . 
  and some of them were only recently moved there iirc . 
  kind of silly too considering rijeka is more relevant as far as seafaring goes ( with all due respect to split 's massive maritime passenger turnover in the summer ) . 
   quick jump to fall of yugoslavia war and a strange fact on 15 of november 1991 , jrm light frigate split fired a small number of shells at the city of split and its surroundings . 
  i ca n't find a source at the moment , but i remember reading that this is the only time a ship named after a city has fired on its namesake . 
  do n't worry about it , i learned something . 
  clearly * a * spetsnaz can be used to deal with riots , just not * the * spetsnaz . 
  well , he did specifically mention russian spetsnaz which is a military , not police , force . 
  yeah , i remember reading some of that . 
  i figured they were just hired thugs , not elite trained special forces-type guys . 
  it seems like a waste of resources to use someone with so much training for such a simple task . 
  going by spetsnaz 's history , it would be a bloodbath ( even more so than it seems to be now ) . 
  spetsnaz is n't the type of force one would use to deal with a riot . 
  yeah , i saw that . 
  i should 've specified . 
  i just thought it was an interesting bit of trivia . 
  that does n't really matter if things go completely out of control . 
  interestingly enough , ceausescu and his wife were the last people to be executed in romania . 
  egypt did n't make it to civil war . 
  it 's still in limbo and it 's bad , but not civil war syria bad . 
  a sovereign country that just bit the hand that feeds it . 
  enjoy . 
  can confirm . 
  it acts as the vowel in words where there are no , for lack of a better term , true or real vowels . 
  we have quite a few words with no traditional vowels ( where r acts as one ) . 
  vrt ( garden ) , krv ( blood ) , crv ( worm ) , vr\u010d ( jug ) , gr\u010d ( cramp ) , mrk ( grim [ m ] ) , brk ( upper lip ) , zvrk ( spinning top ) , smrt ( death ) , mr\u0161 ( shoo ) . 
  this is somewhat common with new cars in the us . 
  your quote does n't account for malicious mismanagement and systematic dismantling of previously public companies for personal gain , practices that plague the former yugoslav states . 
  the entire country has been dysfunctional since the end of the war . 
  the dayton accords stopped the war but they created a pretty terrible framework within which corruption and cronyism has flourished . 
  this is n't to say that leftover resentment is n't also at fault . 
  the factory mismanagement was just a trigger . 
  seen some comments dismissing the importance of the history that 's being destroyed because ` this needed to happen . ', 
  i get skepticism and disillusionment with government , but you lot take it to another level . 
  the stupidity within your comment sections blow ours out of the water !, 
  they 're not * `` that '' * muslim . 
  while islam is the dominant religion in albania , most are not particularly observant and are muslim in name more than anything else . 
  they are not fond of serbs though , no . 
  this is sure to be perceived exactly as you wrote it and not play into islamic extremists ' hands at all . 
  some american media has been there for almost a week . 
  nothing but positive press so far . 
  i am of the belief that we 'd be a pretty well-off country if we had n't been plundered by our own people over the last twenty-odd years . 
  shattering may not have been a good word . 
  the ice has added hundreds of pounds of weight onto trees and power lines and they 're snapping like twigs . 
  edit : [ here 's a picture taken at a train station in the region . 
  ** croatia ** the gorski kotar region is entirely encased in ice . 
  the highway through it is closed , the old road through is closed , the railway through is closed . 
  people are without electricity of course . 
  reports have stated that locals can hear the sound of trees shattering in the woods . 
  the minister of finances and the prime minister are at odds with one another . 
  an assistant to the mof was found to be in conflict of interest and was asked to resign , which he refused . 
  now it looks like the mof might be forced to resign . 
  he is an unpopular figure but he 's one of the few to actually do anything in the current government . 
  he 's a senior party member ( the pm is from the younger crop ) whereas most of the rest of the ministers are the pm 's people in the newer generation and are satisfied with just giving statements on everything as opposed to getting anything done . 
  i think you mean intra-eu . 
  i would n't say italy itself , but its justice system does n't have a stellar reputation internationally after all of berlusconi 's great escapes . 
  i do n't have any insight into italy 's justice system but the perception of a certain level of ineptitude exists . 
  if [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9k21t1i0tj0 ) is n't balkan , i do n't know what is . 
  i recently saw [ mediterraneo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mediterraneo ) . 
  not exactly an unknown ( it won the oscar for best foreign language film ) but it was before my time so i had not heard of it before . 
  great film . 
   why is romania full of pornstars gg google, 
  we just made it better . 
  it was so boring ... 
  i 'm sure there 's 10x the money we need sitting in the offshore accounts of some politicians and business crooks . 
  if it were n't for the systematic siphoning of public funds over the last 20 years , we 'd be golden . 
  the article jumps around a bit , the overall point of it is unclear , and it falls prey to the common biases and oversimplifications that foreigners commit when analyzing the area , but it gives some interesting anecdotes and a good overview of how bad it still is * in some places * . 
  a lot of people , particularly the younger generations , are n't at each others ' throats , to the dismay of a lot of foreign media and their headlines . 
  as far as the upcoming anniversary goes , i 'm tired of the balkans being synonymous with the beginning of world war i. 
  we 're to blame for a lot of bad things that have happened to us over the last century , but world war i happened because the great powers were batshit crazy and power hungry and those royal families were responsible for their own downfalls . 
  15 million people did n't die because of one gunshot in sarajevo . 
  one more thing that bugged me ,  the person mainly responsible for the campaign of destruction , croatian major general ante gotovina , was convicted of various war crimes in the hague but was later acquitted .
