  i just think serbia is there for russia much more than the other way around . 
  not that we 're in a much better position either , meh . 
  does this increased trade predate eu sanctions ? 
  any current growth of trade with russia is somewhat artificial given what they 're going through with sanctions . 
  so what 's the point in even making any such claims if nobody here is `` supposed to understand that . '', 
  what a useless response . 
  i do n't understand the serbian preoccupation with russia . 
  they failed several times to come to your aid during your uprisings against the ottomans ( the one time they came was when they themselves were fighting the ottomans , not to help serbia ) . 
  the red army , in its brief foray into serbia in wwii , left a path of rape and destruction . 
  the cold war was another peak in russo-serbian relations , then all the tough talk with no action on matters since 1991 . 
  you and like-minded serbs seem to mistake a host of other things ( some cultural and historical similarities among other things ) for some sort of political indebtedness . 
  krk is . 
  it 's convenient but it has also led to obnoxious levels of development in certain areas . 
  well , to be fair , i should n't have put the mujahideen and the ksa/qatar in the same sentence . 
  i 'm at work on my phone so it was a bit rushed . 
  qatar also funded a mosque that was built in my hometown and i think that 's a great thing to do . 
  however , they both have attempted to gain favor among bosniaks and both have succeeded to some degree but i do n't think that islamic extremism or fundamentalism is anywhere near as prevalent as it is among muslim immigrants in western europe . 
  it 's new . 
  islamists from the middle east jumped on the opportunity to gain influence in bosnia during the war . 
  some mujahideen came to fight and there has been investment by ksa and qatar into building mosques and muslim schools but i do n't think the effect has been great . 
  bosniaks overall have always practiced a mild form of islam and that 's still predominantly the case . 
  kukac means bug or insect . 
  glista is worm , yeah , but i like confusing people with our non-reliance on vowels . 
  ah , our word for worm is . . uh . . crv . 
  does kukac mean bug or worm ? 
  if it 's bug , til another word we have in common with hungarian . 
  there 's also the one that tito was a western plant . 
  did you check to notice the trend line is 1950-2015 ? 
  it 's a crap scale but most , if not all , of those countries have experienced population decline for a number of years running . 
  the exception may be japan but they have the issue of a rapidly aging population . 
  hey , do n't laugh !, 
  [ uskoks were pretty badass . 
  i do n't know , i just remember reading that the pkk are leftists . 
  maybe i 'm remembering incorrectly . 
  and i think of reasons they 'd attack the us but they 're mostly conspiracy-laden . 
  also , kurds are quite heterogeneous politically , are they not ? 
  the us has a good relationship with kurds fighting isis in syria and iraq but probably shies away from the pkk who are fighting against their ally in turkey . 
  this . 
  they 've already reversed some court decisions that came from uskok investigations and it looks like there could be more . 
  just saw on american news that the woman arrested ( 1 of 2 people arrested ) is a member of a far left group . 
  would that be leaning more towards the pkk ? 
  so the european las vegas ? 
  it sounds as kitschy . 
  unfortunately pretty good . 
  reminds me of the palestinian and israeli observances of israel 's independence day . 
  do we really have to sink to that level ? 
  i 'm also more of a beer and wine person . 
  medica wins alcohol on taste though . 
  i do n't understand the pre-occupation with vodka . 
  rakija is where it 's at . 
   croatia plays their diplomatic game like some spoiled child . 
  you 're in europe now so act like europe . 
  we have a problem ? 
  lets try to fix it then , not to whine about it and play own game . 
  yes , because when only one of us was ` in europe , ' slovenia was very proper european and mature by resorting to extortion to pursue its territorial ambitions . 
  and they 're building a wall to help demarcate it . 
  how kind of them !, 
  to be fair , elections or no elections , maintaining territorial integrity is an important issue . 
  mol , the hungarian ( state ? ), 
  petroleum company , bribed our ex-pm to sell them a majority stake in ina , the croatian state petroleum company . 
  hungary refuses to cooperate with judicial proceedings against the hungarian/mol officials involved . 
  the prevlaka case is a non-issue imo ( montenegro is afraid we 'll play troll at the entrance to the bay of kotor - something we have never done ) and the danube border is low on the ladder of unresolved issues with serbia . 
  our other land disputes are n't all that bad ( and with the exception of liberland are completely out of the public eye ) because we 're not dealing with slovenes on them lel, 
  you say that as if there 's something wrong with it . 
  croatia is n't blocking anyone else 's efforts towards european integration or cheating in arbitration . 
  yes . 
  slovenia then ballsed it up . 
  see also : yugo neither really worked out . 
  the population of that strip of ukraine is probably close to the total population of bosnia-herzegovina . 
  what ? 
  that quote is quintessential croatia . 
  my mom once had a woman tell her she 'd shit herself when she 'd find out who the woman 's brother is after a really light accident . 
  never ended up finding out though . 
  it 's not just caffeine . 
  energy drinks are far stronger stimulants than equal volumes of coffee . 
  also , obesity , diabetes , and heart disease are far higher burdens on society than heroin will ever be . 
  yes , but energy drinks are several times more potent and potentially problematic . 
  also , we 've only begun to appreciate the effects of high consumption of these beverages in the last 10-15 years . 
  who knows what other smoldering gems we 'll find . 
  it took several generations of heavy smokers to convince the public of the link between smoking and lung cancer . 
  maybe we should try this . 
  nah ... it 's fine as it is . 
  words that mean something being used to refer to something else ? 
  what a novelty !, 
  yeah , it 's used along the coast . 
  we 've adopted or re-purposed many italian words . 
  furgon means hearse in some parts of croatia . 
  afaik , groznjan/grisignana is the only municipality in croatia with an italian-speaking majority . 
  still , italian is very frequently spoken across the area . 
  in rijeka there are three elementary schools and one high school with instruction ( outside of croatian language classes ) entirely in italian and many go to university in northern italy . 
  there 's also labin where they have some bastardized combination that nobody else can understand . 
  my mom once met an irish woman who married a guy from there , moved to labin , then of all the languages to learn picked up the very local dialect which is functionally useless outside of the town . 
   right across the ~ ~ street ~ ~ moat . 
  my bad , i 'm still only on my first coffee of the day so i missed it . 
  scepan mali high school, 
  dubrovnik was an independent rival of venice . 
  this is n't to say there were not italians in dubrovnik but it was n't built by venice . 
  also , when italians annoy croats we 'll look for things to complain about and some will bring up the fact that venice is built on trees from the croatian hinterland . 
  they all stop in istria . 
  i drove by a campground near porec a few years ago and saw yellow ( dutch ) plates on all the trailers .
