  then again , these areas are also very difficult climate and landscape-wise . 
  this area ( they are next to each other ) produced a large number of usta\u0161a members and leaders and were ( correctly , imo ) perceived as harboring/sharing the same sentiments that the movement espoused . 
  yugoslav authorities suppressed all nationalist movements . 
  well , except for the serbian nationalism that milo\u0161evi\u0107 used to gain a dominant share of power within the federal leadership in the late 80 's that eventually led to its demise . 
  yes , strictly speaking , he was a dictator . 
  however , many would argue that there should be an asterisk added to it . 
  tito can not be mentioned in the same sentence with the likes of hitler , stalin , ceausescu , pinochet , pol pot , etc. 
  while many died or were detained during the [ informbiro period ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/informbiro ) , the transgressions of the period are outweighed by the relative prosperity , freedom , and quality of life ( that approached some western european figures ) that followed . 
  he was also a war hero who led the grassroots anti-fascist resistance movement that drove out occupying forces with minimal outside help . 
  he was an icon ( fueled by propaganda , of course , but there was truth behind it ) and he was lauded by a large part of the public . 
  there 's also the matter of yugoslavia 's decline and eventual dissolution coinciding with his death . 
  many feel that the successor states have failed to provide the same prosperity and security that they enjoyed during yugoslavia . 
  finally , as an aside , i would n't really call the regime communist , but rather one based on [ socialist self-management ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_self-management#europe ) . 
  certain communist figures were respected , but the system was quite different from what was practiced in the warsaw pact nations . 
  serbia , as the legal successor , is honoring the widow of a former head of state ( who is not vilified to the extent of the above mentioned dictators ) . 
  eh , a bit of dark humor never hurt anybody and it does n't get any darker than our brand of humor . 
   some would say that having an ethnic group that makes up 35 % of the population completely dominate the army ( more than 80 % of all army members were serbs ) or the state politics ( the majority vote at teh federal level ) is close to hegemony . 
  an unfortunate truth , however , i still think it 's not as egregious as what went on in the kingdom . 
   so the only alternatives were that which had already happened ? 
  what else was possible in 1945 ? 
   that 's ridiculous . 
  by what metric ? 
  which states are you comparing ? 
  slovenia and croatia that were members of austria-hungary for the longest time ? 
  or kosovo which was economically at the level of moldova ? 
  slovenia and croatia were by far the most developed areas of the former yugoslavia but a lot of it was decimated during the war . 
  also , industrialization was concentrated in very few areas . 
  if you stepped outside of ljubljana , pula , rijeka , or zagreb it was like stepping through a time machine . 
   so was the rest of eastern europe . 
  what do you define as eastern europe ? 
  budapest , krakow , warsaw , bratislava , prague , lviv , and kaliningrad were all centers of culture for centuries before the war . 
  given the alternatives , yes , it was a blessing . 
  unitary kingdom with the goal of serbian hegemony ? 
  no thanks . 
  no thanks . 
  oppressive italianization ? 
  no thanks . 
   yes , it was such a blessing that hundreds of thousands of people fleed yugoslavia to work somewhere else . 
  such a blessing that you had to become a member of the communist party to progress in public life . 
  lots of people also fled because they feared retribution for the subhuman activities they took part in during the war . 
  others fell victim to fascist sympathy or extreme nationalism . 
  some , coming from underdeveloped/ignored areas ( herzegovina ) had plenty reason to emigrate , yes . 
  i live in the us and have met quite a few people who left yugoslavia and quite a few of them are as right-leaning as you 'll find and would be quite happy to see an usta\u0161a-light regime come back . 
  as far as party membership goes , that 's not necessarily true . 
  my grandfather was a ship captain ( for jugolinija , later for foreign companies ) and was never a party member . 
  do n't compare us with the baltics . 
  we were decades , if not centuries , behind most of europe . 
  what was largely a rural , agrarian , and highly illiterate area was hauled into the 20th century by a strong push for industrialization and education . 
  i never said it was perfect . 
  edit :  what are your criteria ? 
  people not digging through garbage bins looking for plastic bottles to return to the supermarket in exchange for pennies . 
  [ international reaction to the funeral is pouring in . 
  thousands have gathered in barcelona to pay their final respects to the ( in ) famous widow . ], 
  i 'm sorry for your family 's pains and for anyone else that was adversely affected by the state , but socialist yugoslavia did a lot to modernize and educate its constituent republics and people . 
  while it was marred by human rights abuses ( most of which took place in the immediate post-war/informbiro period ) and issues in economic sustainability , it was a blessing compared to the turmoil of the war and the unstable kingdom of the interwar period and has yet to really be bettered by any of the current republics with the exception of maybe slovenia . 
  also , jovanka had spent the last thirty or so years of her life pretty much under house arrest and forgotten by the public . 
  she has been through enough hell already and it 's nice to see that the public turned out for this . 
  can nordic into estii technology ? 
  public surveillance done right . 
  * capital is baku , which given certain planned projects , could become the next dubai in that respect . 
  * if i 'm not mistaken , the people of azerbaijan ( azeris ) and the people of iran are quite closely related , it 's just that those in azerbaijan fell under russian/soviet rule and just went with their own state after the dissolution of the latter . 
  * the baku oil fields were coveted and almost ( briefly ? ), 
  reached by the nazis in wwii . 
  if they had reached them , who knows how the rest of the war would have gone . 
  * war with armenia over nagorno-karabakh , which remains a disputed territory . 
  * it has an exclave , possibly the above mentioned nagorno-karabakh ? 
  * extreme fringe of europe for some , asia to others . 
  you have to take the fact that these are montenegrin hooligans into consideration . 
  depends . 
  i 'd say it 's german but italian has a strong hold in certain areas . 
  there are italian language primary and secondary schools in rijeka , for example . 
  they 're not criminals in any sense of the word though . 
  the fact that they move around is the * only * thing they have in common with roma and irish travelers . 
  what do the sami have to do with this ? 
  the * name * is potentially derived from croatian but it was not developed there . 
  it was probably used there most recently though . 
  i 've seen villages with glagolitic street signs and a lot of store signs , etc. 
  that use it on krk . 
  it 's also present in older churches . 
  make it yourself !, 
  it 's better and better for you !, 
  i was expecting something different . 
  that looks like it would mean a guy giving you the finger . 
  seems fitting . 
  the real montenegro is more impressive . 
  mentioned this in the serbia/montenegro thread the other day . 
  cultural divide between coast and immediate areas and the rugged and isolated highlands to the northeast . 
  the current capital is podgorica but the historical seat is cetinje , which still holds some special status . 
  the bay of kotor is beautiful ( and not a fjord ) . 
  my grandfather was from there and i have lots of family down there ( some better and some i might not want to meet ) but i 've never had the opportunity to visit . 
  the road from kotor to cetinje is a perilous mess of hairpin turns and awkward building . 
  having said that , it is a feat of engineering and provides incredible views of the bay . 
  lots of albanians in the south , particularly in ulcinj . 
  never quite conquered by the ottomans , ruled by prince bishops and a king or two right before wwi . 
  if you want to read some first-hand accounts of kebab removal , read the mountain wreath epic by njegos , which is the most famous piece of literature to come out of montenegro ( pretty much anyone who went to high school in yugoslavia has read it ) . 
  border dispute with croatia over the prevlaka peninsula . 
  not that big of a deal . 
  essentially , entering the bay of kotor by boat requires passing through croatian territorial waters but croatia has never really bothered anyone over it . 
  firesale of land to russians : /, 
  we 're still picking out our outfits .
