  they 're amateurs . 
  ful e !, 
  [ maybe they should find someone to protect them ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8ekddndls8 ) . 
  croatian : `` a man is known by his word , just as a bird by its song . '', 
  we should 've played harder to get , maybe they would 've been kinder to our wines . 
  does that really count though ? 
  it 's an area that will get snow regardless of the season . 
  i do n't think it 's linguistically considered easy . 
  it just seems easier because people are so exposed to english language culture . 
  just when you least expect it . 
  surprise anschluss, 
  ozujsko is the most popular with karlovacko not far behind . 
  before the english refined them by first removing the intestine from the animal . 
  you could always re-use them to cut costs !, 
  kaliningrad is always colored the same as the rest of russia . 
  well , if you promised rakija and cevapi ... 
  same thing for fixing the rijeka - zagreb line , which is supposed to be a key transport line for the port . 
  various politicians have been promising an entirely new line for decades , even dating back to when tito was still alive . 
  maybe we should re-instate * radne akcije * and things might get done properly and within a reasonable timeframe . 
  that 's a pretty good representation of everything in albania . 
  cheap , unsafe , and hilarious . 
  a significant problem with bringing tracks up to modern standards is the fact that a lot of this track crosses very rugged terrain in very inaccessible areas . 
  as far as speed goes , this can only be remedied by new trains in areas where the track does not serpentine . 
  the problem is it does this a lot wherever the terrain is at an incline . 
  of course , all of this could be fixed by building completely new tracks with modern building techniques ( tunnels and viaducts that cut down on the serpentines where it is even possible ; the track that currently exists was either built by austria-hungary or during the socialist period with brute force and numbers ) but there 's not nearly enough money in the coffers for that . 
  subtitles not required . 
  7 million visitors will drink 15 million liter glasses of beer ? 
  that 's bit of an underwhelming figure . 
  is this in reference to the building or the pornstar ? 
   their all time best football player is gerge hagi . 
  he share a lot of similarities with our bulgarian hristo stoichkov was hagi also batshit crazy ? 
  food - burek in a bakery on every corner , cevapi , homegrown fruits and vegetables , figs in late summer , seafood , homemade cakes and such . 
  the views , they 're everywhere . 
  the sea , whether it 's swimming in it , smelling it , looking at it , walking by it , hearing it , etc. 
  and i was just there 10 days ago . 
  sigh . 
   a very small part is technically european to clarify , about 15 million people live in that area . 
  that 's about 20 % of its population of 75 + million . 
  not so small . 
  baltics haters . 
  mountaintop views around the kvarner area . 
  [ u\u010dka ] ( http://th05.deviantart.net/fs70/pre/i/2012/130/d/8/view_from_ucka_by_markanri-d4z8rte.jpg ) [ mahavica ] ( https://static.panoramio.com.storage.googleapis.com/photos/original/45611811.jpg ) [ platak ] ( https://static.panoramio.com.storage.googleapis.com/photos/original/9132193.jpg ), 
  serbia and srpska are two different things . 
  even in my quite leftist view , i think srpska is a problem . 
  word on the street is we let them score two in return for a secret bailout . 
  one cup of coffee lasts for * hours * . 
  a remnant of feudal holdings during the time of either austria-hungary or the holy roman empire . 
  some liechtenstein guy bought it so he could have a seat in some governing assembly . 
  one of the few countries to have suffered the wrath of the mighty swiss army . 
  banking and service-based economy . 
  best football club plays in the swiss football pyramid . 
  another german speaking country . 
  for a while , i 'd always miss it in sporcle games because of that stupid e in the middle . 
  are paok 's supporters left-leaning ? 
  or do they just dislike the golden dawn movement ( because it is athenian/primarily a southern `` thing '' ) ? 
  no information on fatalities in car accidents and blood alcohol content records this week ? 
  like i said , it 's a matter of exposure . 
  the whole world does n't still think of serbia as a genocidal country , just like they do n't think germany or japan are . 
  i also do n't think it 's very constructive to try to raise awareness of past crimes . 
  the victims should be commemorated , but really the only way lingering on past crimes can go is toward more violence . 
  what were the 90 's but a settling of scores from 1943 , 1914 , 1913 , 1912 , 1389 , etc. , etc. ? 
  edit : i suggest you * do n't * check out polandball . 
  terrible things were done during world war ii and the fact that the absolute top of croatia 's leadership at the time went unpunished will forever haunt us all , but * a lot * of croats , many of them innocent , were killed indiscriminately in reprisals at the end of the war . 
  that very regime also killed a lot of croats because of their partisan activities or political opposition . 
  serbia suffers from the stigma of genocide because serbs committed unspeakable crimes during a heavily publicized war . 
  did croats , bosniaks , and kosovars do bad things in the 90 's ? 
  yes . 
  but you ca n't honestly say any of those groups had as much blood on their hands as serb forces did . 
  serbs also did nasty things to albanians in the aftermath of the balkan wars and during wwii , which are even more overlooked than usta\u0161a crimes . 
  having said all of that , i 'm not one of those people who is still bogged down by the past . 
  i 'd gladly travel around the region and meet people if given the chance . 
  are you referring to world war ii or the war ( s ) during the 90 's ? 
  for once , the dc metro does things right . 
  transfers between lines are a matter of going up or down an escalator within one large station . 
  i 've been on the paris and ny metros and transfers between lines seem like they involve navigating a labyrinth of small pedestrian tunnels ( or in paris , an underground shopping mall at chatelet-les halles ) to reach a station that the other line serves . 
  i 'm surprised there 's still room to tunnel under paris . 
  i know , right ? 
  europe is clearly the most diverse country . 
  people from [ istria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istria ) , a peninsula in the northwest . 
  they 're not a distinct ethnicity by any means , they 're just culturally slightly different from other areas . 
  just like dalmatians ( middle-to-southern coast ) are different from slavonians ( eastern plains ) and people from lika ( the area east of the middle-coastal area , just south of where the country `` turns '' eastward ) are culturally different from people from zagorje ( mountains to the north and northeast-ish of zagreb ) . 
  people from other parts of the country may have some resentment towards istria because it does well for itself ( it is the most developed tourist destination in the country , even ahead of southern dalmatia with its hotspots like split , hvar , and dubrovnik ) and because it embraces its somewhat dual culture with italy , to which it used to belong . 
  it , along with rijeka and its surrounding area ( which is adjacent to istria ) , is quite leftist which evidently bothers those who find themselves quite far to the right . 
  there is a bit of an effort to assert `` istrianism '' but it 's a matter of cultural preservation , not secession or whatever the mindless crap the article is trying to argue . 
  i may be over-simplifying things , but could n't everything in the mediterranean , adriatic , and black seas be saved by building locks at the suez canal and strait of gibraltar ? 
  it is espoused by politicians who are working toward separating istria from the rest of croatia and to do this , it is necessary [ for them ] to de-croatify istria . 
  croats are told to be istrians , not croats . 
  according to the young 19th century ethnologist sandi blagoni\u0107 , the slavic population in the istrian countryside does not possess a croat identity , but rather is composed of several different groups , citing populations of bazgone , bezjaki , \u0160avrina , \u0106i\u0107a , and other villages . 
  it has also been noted that these politicians have worked with italian neo-fascists . 
  ugh , that 's enough for me . 
  words or phrases appearing brackets do n't strictly appear in the article , i 've added them to make them read better/more understandably in english . 
  excuse me if they appear to editorialize what they aim to smooth out . 
  also holy shit , the above-referenced article on the current minister of finances reads like something out of a high school girl 's burn book . 
  i 'll just save us some time and list [ all of the possibilities ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bckd_0ywb-s ) and more . 
  followed by herceg-bosna :p ^ ^ ^ ^ ugh, 
  if north cyprus gets a thread , republika srpska should too . 
  now * that * would be something to read . 
  or , more likely , kosovo . 
  i 'm pretty sure the fopog was a joke , because forcing them to call themselves fyrom is also pretty jokey . 
  the soviets never ruled macedonia .
