  i know that what they 're doing is silly and that the historical revisionism is ridiculous , but it raises an interesting point . 
  skopje 's becoming a large museum for the region and its history , regardless of whose history it is ( and despite their claims that it is their own ) as opposed to some areas which ignore or negate any history other than their own . 
  the hungarian alphabet has 44 letters , 14 of them vowels . 
  we 've had an on-again/off-again sometimes abusive relationship with them for centuries . 
  trianon was a national tragedy but people generally do n't seem too concerned with it anymore ? 
  sort of like bulgaria and san stefano . 
  and their women . 
  ooohhh their women . 
  the * region * of macedonia does n't only refer to the lands within the borders of what was the kingdom . 
  the region spans parts of the republic of macedonia , bulgaria , and greece . 
  it does lie within the historical region of macedonia . 
  current macedonians ( slavs ) had not yet migrated to the area when alexander the great was alive . 
  he was macedonian , but the macedonians of that time are believed to be more closely related to the greeks than to the current inhabitants of macedonia . 
  marko perkovic `` thompson '' / s, 
  is it just me or does every one of these threads feature an extremely grim report from italy ? 
  some officials raided the fresh market in rijeka and seized three tons of fruits and vegetables , 36kg of meat , 10kg of tobacco , and 5l of rakia because the seller ( s ) lacked the proper paperwork . 
  it raised the point of why the government is levying these inspections on small-scale vendors instead of the large grocery store chains . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with regulating the vendors , but there are far bigger fish to fry . 
  the seized goods were then donated to the red cross and the needy . 
  jesus christ , estonia . 
  i heard you were techy , but this is ridiculous . 
  you have actual discussions ? 
  i ` like ' a few croatian news outlets ' facebook pages and for the most part the comment sections just devolve into personal insults ( often using ethnic slurs or just ethnicities as insults ) , obnoxiously cliche sarcasm , and general chaos . 
  stuff in the congo . 
  i 'm curious as to why they put apostrophes/quotations around terrorist . 
  i 'm surprised to see so many planes landing at airports along the croatian coast considering the video says it 's a day in november of last year . 
  split takes over from zagreb as the busiest airport during the summer months but it should n't really be busy at all the rest of the year . 
  the numbers i think i see for rijeka and zadar are also something i 'd expect from the busiest days of the summer , not november ... 
  founded by a guy who came from what is now a croatian island . 
  had its own fascist rule during wwii . 
  we use both . 
  i 'm referring to d404 which , while technically demanding , was delayed for a large part of the time by administrative issues ... and painting the tunnel . 
  the main bypass took forever to complete but that was because of planning , funding , etc. 
  but yes , all the highways around rijeka are marvels of engineering . 
  not really . 
  took what , 7 years to build like 3km of road in rijeka . 
  and do n't pay a cent toward the costs of the rescues . 
  there was a polish tourist a few weeks ago that swam from the mainland to a nearby uninhabited island and was too exhausted to make it back and had to be rescued . 
  if i remember correctly , the cost of the rescue was ( to me , inexplicably ) quite expensive and he got off scott free . 
  i live in the us and have seen zero mention of the anniversary . 
  not even cnn 's website ( i checked the europe section and the international edition ) . 
  meanwhile abc news with diane sawyer had a two minute segment on the death of the inventor of twister . 
  someone posted a gallery over in / r/pics of very graphic pictures of prisoners in camps and of mass graves drawing dozens of comments from people who had never even heard of the massacre . 
  disappointed , to say the least . 
  while someone has listed common south slav phrases , i 'd like to share our peculiar but great ways of saying ` nothing . ', 
  `` what did you get for helping ? '', 
  * - i got dick . 
  * kurac od ovce . 
  * - a sheep 's dick . 
  * - vagina ( i 'm putting this lightly ) smoke . 
  or `` i got this . '', 
  while grabbing your junk emphatically . 
  no family members or body parts are spared . 
  [ is this becoming ~ ~ pseudo ~ ~ reality ? ], 
  ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vmo3xmnxe4 ), 
  how would that change anything ? 
  the federal subject that would cover hungary would still elect him unless you plan on gerrymandering the hungarians into irrelevance . 
  well , in my experience it refers to a very specific type of person , namely someone who evidently is not from the coast based on their behavior . 
  vlaj along the coast of croatia , though it does n't exactly refer to a redneck . 
  english and german should be enough to get you by in croatia . 
  english is spoken by most young people while middle-aged-to-old people in the hospitality industry will generally know some english and/or german . 
  chakavian is not only a southern dialect but a coastal dialect in general . 
  in fact , it 's more commonly associated with the northern coast and islands in general whereas the southern coast is a mix or more shtokavian . 
  i believe the intent was * hvala * , which means thank you . 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5igulowejg ) . 
  none of the other winds come close to the force of the bura . 
  i was glad to see the zvon\u010dari . 
  i think if there was any moment during the entire thing in which the eu delegates thought ` what the hell have we done , ' that was it . 
  i liked when the tram drove through the massive crowd to pick them up too . 
  i thought it was quite european of the organization and the crowd to have a cordon held so seamlessly . 
  we 're not immediately joining the schengen area so the border patrols should still exist . 
  apparently the customs checkpoints have already been dismantled on some crossing with slovenia though . 
  trieste 's a really nice but underrated city . 
  i 'm not exactly sure how the border with slovenia will work now but watch out for their border police , they 're dicks . 
  i have personally witnessed them creating a 3km traffic jam at 11pm for absolutely no reason . 
  also , istria is a stone 's throw away and has its own assortment of beaches and got-worthy locations . 
  definitely worth a day trip . 
  split has been announced as a new filming location for game of thrones . 
  i expect it to crop up in / r/pics and / r/cityporn dozens of times in two years ' time labeled as its fictional name as opposed to its real name . 
  a quirk of fate , [ this ] ( http://medias.lequipe.fr/img-photo-jpg/bienvenue-allianz-arena/1500000000267558/0:0,2048:1387-700-0-70/80073.jpg ) happened only a few months ago . 
  serbia has a knack for producing great films of their own , i guess i should n't be too surprised they 've adapted foreign films well . 
  do they translate film names or just transliterate them as serbian tends to do with foreign words in general ? 
  in croatia they tend to translate most of them and it results in ridiculously stupid names . 
  and inb4 a serbian film . 
  only if morgan freeman is replaced with jean reno . 
  i know it 's a childish thing to do . 
  the point , however , is that the eu itself is at fault for setting that standard and not nations entering it . 
  ironic that germany falls under the b category here . 
  i think you misunderstood the meaning of minority . 
  greece joined alone . 
  been there , done that . 
  there is a 10-15km extension to an existing highway being built along the northern coast ( very tricky terrain , to be fair ) that has been delayed for exactly that reason ( among a few others ) . 
  previous sections of the highway have been delayed because the minister of transportation took his time showing up to open it ( the city in question is the thorn in his party 's side ) and because of red tape and painting of tunnels . 
  ironically the latter road was designated d-404 so there was a running gag for years of ` road not found . ', 
  a highway is in the planning stages , so building will start in 2033 , stall for 9 years , and be completed in 2058 . 
  i 'm not arguing that turkey is ready to join the eu right now nor that it will be in the near future . 
  my point is that , hypothetically , even when turkey is ready ( and let 's say it 's a bastion of liberal democracy and freedom and blows away all of the criteria for membership ) , many europeans would vote against their accession . 
  why ? 
  bigotry . 
  because it 's a choice many will make based on bigotry and nothing else .
