  yugoslavia owed nothing to the soviets ( the red army entering from bulgaria assisted in the liberation of belgrade and some parts of vojvodina ( serbia north of the danube ) at a point when liberation was already inevitable . 
  they ended up giving stalin and the soviets a resounding ` no ' at the end of the 40 's and nothing happened . 
  i think you forgot someone . 
  who cares ? 
  it 's not like what stalin had to say counted for much in yugoslavia . 
  also , bogu iza leda - behind god 's back . 
   come to think of it , what would we be uniting around anyway ? 
  squatting , alcohol , tracksuits . 
  i 'm from rijeka but i live in the us . 
  anytime i go back burek is one of the first things i have to have . 
  the best burek place in the city i 'm from is run by an albanian family that came up 50-60 years ago . 
  there 's one in the area i 'm in and it 's a great place , it 's just pretty far on the opposite side of town and on the way out . 
  there are also two shops that sell our stuff ( it 's where we get things like ajvar , napolitanke , bronhi , etc. ), 
  as well as a bunch of other balkan/eastern european groceries . 
  all in all it 's not that bad but i 'd love to have better access to bakery-quality burek ( the oily one ) . 
  still waiting for an albanian to open a chain of buregd\u017einica in the us . 
  nothing yet :(, 
  please do n't link to it . 
  did you sing bog je srbin ? 
  looks like they treated croatia as some sort of ex-yugoslav team . 
  silly really . 
  we have had a kosovar albanian play for us in the past though in [ ardian kozniku ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ardian_kozniku ) . 
  and weirder names . 
  i live in the us , watching the opener today with some countrymen and potentially some former countrymen . 
  funkstar de luxe - sun is shining ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dmliukzb7i ) [ air - la femme d'argent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ninoxrxze9k ), 
  oh , you also forgot chifameno ( some call it ukomanje ) , the reverse of tre\u0161ete . 
  well , i 'm just not sure if scopa = trijumf/vierzich . 
  i know it 's played though . 
  it 's quite fun with three players , less so with two . 
  to op , my grandfather once tried to teach me a game called \u017dandar ( as in gendarmerie ) that is also played with triestine but he could n't quite remember the rules of the game . 
  ever heard of it ? 
  i believe scopa is also played in croatia , though under the name trijumf ( triumph ) or vierzich ( german for 40 ) . 
  what 's up with latvia and lithuania ? 
  edit : thanks for the responses , both make a lot of sense . 
  i think it was u/bognesrbin who would post the same link with some snarky comment in any thread about the floods he could find . 
  ** croatia ** it flares up here and there but it 's fisticuffs and some property damage at worst . 
  when compared to the kind of crap that goes on in serbia ( where a lot of supporters/leadership are involved in organized crime - a capo was just shot and killed in front of a nightclub in belgrade ) , it 's nothing . 
  the ultras in the city i 'm from are even viewed quite positively by the city 's population but i ca n't really comment on whether this is the case in other cities . 
  moldova is southwestern russian exclave ... for now . 
  money that could 've been invested in eastern poland . 
  yes . 
  there are no articles in slovene so it could technically also be read as ` for the new europe . ', 
  ah yes . 
  i thought you were implying that austrians can mail in their ballots . 
  it would make sense that austria would be that far ahead of us . 
  croats abroad will be voting this weekend . 
  votes are then sent to the state voting commission and added to domestic counts . 
  it 's a trivial number though and should n't change any results . 
  this is my opinion , but he was also the taxman who was trying to raise taxes on a cashstrapped population so few , if any , will shed any tears over his departure . 
  he 's likely to be replaced by another one of milanovic 's incompetent doormats ( linic was old old school - something milanovic has done a lot to purge the party of - i disagree with it ) who will follow the new party line of thumbing one 's ass and deflecting blame . 
  all of these languages ( particularly ours with one letter = one sound ) are more logical than english . 
  slovene is a distinct language from serbian , croatian , or serbo-croatian . 
  the latter two are two different vocabularies using essentially the same rulebook . 
  why bring the western balkans into.this ? 
  some of us do n't use russian gas at the moment , why start now ? 
  it 's probably an understatement of how bad it is . 
  the reporting is shoddy and i think it only counts those that have signed up at the unemployment office . 
  both sets of terms sound silly . 
   there is also the argument however that the barnett formula , the mechanism that determines how money is allocated from westminster to holyrood , is inefficient and relies too much upon the good will of westminster key question is does an independent scotland have more money to work with than the scotland that receives money from westminster ? 
  the article says they 're a christmas dish but in my experience they 're more commonly made for easter . 
  also , [ pinca ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pinca ) . 
  same in croatia . 
  i do n't really think there is one yet . 
  poles have only recently started arriving in significant numbers whereas germans have been coming in hordes for a while . 
  perhaps a bit frugal , but i think overall croats like poles because of cultural similarities . 
   my german friend has a lot of experience with british tourists . 
  the funniest thing she said was that you can always spot the british . 
  they 're red ones who never forget to drink but always forget to put any lotion on . 
  this is sort of the stereotype for germans in croatia . 
  tickets not costing an arm and a leg . 
  being confused for each other . 
  slovenia has a short coastline , slovakia is landlocked . 
  some language families do n't have articles , yes , but there are quite a few european languages that do have them . 
  i think most is an overstatement . 
  i like to drink a lot of liquid so beer is nice because i can have quite a bit without getting drunk ( which is not something i 'm aiming for ) . 
  ca n't really do that with wine ( which i do like to have , i just have to have water or some other drink on the side ) or liquor ( if it 's more than an apperitif no thanks ) . 
   it might be a cultural thing believing in conspiracy theories is definitely a staple of our culture as well as our neighbors ' cultures . 
   and he has couple academic degrees to prove that he 's not an idiot . 
  these are not mutually exclusive . 
  disappearances of russian luxury cars have already increased three-fold . 
  in unrelated news , the price of luxury cars in albania has been halved in the last 24 hours . 
  building of structures to alleviate flooding have been going on for a while . 
  also , i 'm inclined to say that venice is a cash cow for italy and makes more than is paid back into it by the government . 
  it is , like the netherlands , also a very flat place . 
  i can see all the mines and see where they end ... how useful . 
  does dnepropetrovsk really fit in with those other two though ? 
  i was under the impression that it was quite pro-ukrainian . 
  i mentioned the lasting adverse effects on slavonia earlier and i should 've thought better of it . 
  while the cases do contain mention of reparations ( which is why i brought slavonia up , as an example ) , i 'd like to make it clear that i do n't think they should be paid or exchanged . 
  i do n't know what should be done nor do i think justice can be served to those who deserve it ( they are either dead , have already been tried for lesser crimes , or have effectively covered up any admissible evidence ) . 
  it is effectively state-sponsored bickering of sections of the countries ' populations and i 'd rather there were no suits at all ( i realize croatia had a while to withdraw before serbia filed its counter ) . 
  what irked me about the post was that it was an uninformed glossing over of large parts of the conflict and implied that victims should be treated differently because some were `` the real '' victims and others were not . 
  * i 'm * not trying to prove anything . 
  if croatia wants to sue serbia and serbia wants to sue croatia back to please their aggrieved populations , i do n't see why they should n't be able to . 
  it is their legal right to do so . 
  i 'm not a hard-liner and the judgement of the cases wo n't affect me in any way , but / u/john _ norway 's comment was stupid and seemed to cheapen the suffering that many endured on all sides . 
  people should n't be precluded from seeking justice because of their countrymen 's actions . 
  and the serbs who were driven out of croatia were born in croatia , why is serbia counter-suing croatia ? 
  sounds silly , does n't it ? 
  a lot of your `` extra '' letters are vowels .
