  there were three in the vicinity of my hometown : one was over a century old and completely shut down a year or so ago , one was restructured about a decade ago and is doing okay now , a relative is an engineer or something in the third and has had to worry about his job for years . 
  i also think it 's a beautiful building but it always sparks that memory . 
  then i saw the picture on here a week ago where the palace was just completed while most of the rest of warsaw still lay in ruins . 
  that was ugly to see . 
  i think belarus offers russia and its media an echo chamber to which they can point to as also being right and doing things how russia does them and their citizens being happy . 
  a country to be friendly with in front of the cameras ? 
  reminds me of mall cops/building security in the us . 
  i hate seeing cnn reports on the balkans because they always inevitably include her . 
  standing in front of a green screen while `` reporting from the battlefield '' makes her some sort of an expert . 
  what 's with the ` quotes ? ', 
  is the legitimacy of this result really being questioned ? 
  my understand is that erdogan enjoys the support of a very large base , largely outside of istanbul and the western part of the country . 
  their terminals are generally farther away from cities ( they do n't go to conventional ports ) precisely because of the risks associated with them . 
  my uncle sails on them , says it 's stressful as hell ( had some heart problems as a result ) . 
   bosnia and herzegovina : five-star hilton [ not a bad renovation . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/92/sarajevo_parlament_2001.jpg ) [ another . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/02/evstafiev-sarajevo-building-burns.jpg ), 
  croatian trams are nice too , the problem is nobody wants to buy them . 
  i 'm not familiar with the latter but if it 's anything like the former i do n't want to know . 
  you also won first place in disrupting the entire world . 
  is n't the population of the vatican essentially all employed by the catholic church ? 
  i imagine they need to use things like email to work . 
  the summer of 1998 . 
  maybe when we had a kingdom ? 
  life under the austrian empire was n't bad either . 
  and not 1389 ? 
  it 's not dangerous to be a serb in all of croatia . 
  split and dalmatia have turned into herzegovina 2.0 and is a horribly narrow-minded area overall . 
  plenty of serb tourists come to istria and kvarner and suffer no problems . 
  similarly , croats are probably safe in most of vojvodina ( i say most because cars with croatian plates were vandalized in vrsac ( ? ), 
  when our supporters went there for the european handball championship - then again sporting events bring all the crazies out of the woodwork ) , belgrade , and some other larger cities but i 'd probably try to sound serbian if i went to northern kosovo or some parts of republika srpska . 
  it 's a mixed bag and we both have our fair share of morons . 
  we could go back and forth about this all day . 
  let 's be honest here , both ethnic groups that inhabited those mixed areas were a resentful and violently nationalist bunch . 
  if either had the chance ( and they both did to some extent ) , they 'd completely obliterate the other group ( which both did to a certain extent ) . 
  the only difference is that it is within croatia 's borders ( as defined in 1941 ) and the croat forces did it second/last and by that time , most of the serb population had evacuated . 
  croatian wikipedia is garbage because it 's run by people who ban contributors they do n't agree with . 
  by the way , i used the kurds as an example because it was the first that came to mind , not as a sleight to your flair . 
  i just realized that connection . 
  fair question but there 's nowhere that could really act as a romani state . 
  they 're a scattered and heterogeneous group . 
  unlike the kurds who have a defined geographic region in which they are the majority/a significant minority . 
  there might be a rusyn ( / ruthenian ? ), 
  population ( there is one in slavonia just to the west in croatia ) so close enough ? 
  sometimes more in name than anything else . 
  russia left serbs hanging several times when it mattered a lot . 
  beer and wine mostly . 
  liquor and i do n't get along too well . 
  rakija does n't count , i 'll have some of that anytime . 
  also , medica ( rakija with honey ) , mm . 
  my guilty pleasure is radler . 
  before you hit/excommunicate me , i do n't consider it real beer . 
  more like soda with some alcohol in it . 
  the christian science monitor draws similar reactions , unfortunately . 
  hopefully it does n't affect too many people 's opinions of the content . 
  it was n't wishful thinking . 
  they could 've knocked france out early had they committed more troops to fighting through directly to paris . 
  there are articles that elaborate how certain military leaders decided to blunt the paris-bound force to shore up other areas that probably cost germany the western front very early in the war . 
  yeah , i do n't know about this . 
  i 've met plenty of russians in the us and they 're fine . 
  then again , i suppose they 're in the us for a reason . 
  and their ladies . 
  it 's definitely kosovo over serbia . 
  ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ even ^ ^ ^ sure ^ ^ ^ who ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ offending ^ ^ ^ with ^ ^ ^ this . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1273235/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ) is a documentary about serbia that i think you should watch . 
  i hope it changes your opinion . 
   you are now banned from / r/serbia . 
  ftfy, 
  they still play their football in europe . 
  shakhter karagandy almost qualified for the champions league group stage last season . 
  i hope he can still come to my bachelor party event in prague . 
  the unsinkable marshrutka . 
  it 's in alphabetic order . 
  and really it should n't even be last since , as someone else has mentioned , the picture is of a rijeka taxi . 
  for those asking for an independent investigation , who 's going to do it , mars ? 
  everyone with the capability to capture relevant data has a horse in the race . 
  any physical evidence has been contaminated and is subject to further tampering . 
  so impose sanctions but not anything that 'll make russia feel uncomfortable . 
  makes sense , that should get something done . 
  it has worked so far . 
  i 'm trying to teach myself polish . 
  thanks ... : /, 
  indeed . 
  two - * dva * , * dvije * ( some shorten it to * dve * ) . 
  all numbers ending in one or two follow the convention , the rest only use one form . 
  what telephone number thing ? 
  thankfully the european teams that are left in it are the ones i actually kind of like . 
  tiki taka worst day of life france 1998 never forget ugly english longball tactics choochoo it 's the belgian hypetrain . 
  turkish settlers were brought in from european lands recently lost . 
  it 's not even in croatia yet we suffer some issues because of it . 
  dead people voting in croatian elections ( bosnian croats predominantly have dual citizenship - the zombie voting thing is getting better according to some ) , zagreb is herzegovina 2.0 ( just in terms of how many people from herzegovina there are there ) and if you 're not from herzegovina you apparently ca n't find work in certain sectors , they 're super conservative and it 's a weight hanging around the necks of everybody else . 
  having said that , there are lots of hard-working and nice people from herzegovina . 
  this also applies to the dalmatian hinterland which is in croatia across the border from herzegovina . 
  oh , i meant the border between balkan and mediterranean within croatia as it appears on the map . 
  the border runs right through/next to my hometown . 
  as did the border of the hre and between italy and yugoslavia in the interwar period . 
  i 've also seen maps where the delineation of the balkan peninsula also runs through town . 
  still not sure if balkan or not . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  not really .
