  doubtful . 
  the incoming government is full of people who 've already dipped into government coffers and made careers out of doing it . 
  a bunch of them should already be in jail . 
  milanovi\u0107 is hardly the worst thing to have happened to this country . 
  they are the endless parking lot strip malls/pedestrian inaccessible suburbs of the old world . 
  turnover of planes between flights is done by a ground crew . 
  flight attendants will come in early to prepare for service during boarding and the flight itself . 
   which moments ? 
  i 'd say that those moments were pivotal in russian history as well . 
  they failed to show for any of serbia 's uprisings against the ottomans despite very warm relations between the two at the time . 
  also , russo-turkish conflicts in the balkans never seemed to be particularly concerned with liberating serbia or they would n't have remained in the east . 
  you are correct with the statement that some of these coincided with crucial times in russia 's history , such as the 90 's / kosovo when there was n't much russia could do . 
   and yes , the guy you responded to did say that this is the opposite of top-down . 
  serbia ca n't get that much out of russia , and russia has more important things to deal with . 
  he called it solid . 
  as far as politics and international relations go , they 're not much better than serbia 's relations with the west to be honest . 
  the serbian military held joint exercises with the us and russia one after the other this year . 
  yeah , i 've had a family member fly with them and get a free night at a hotel for a 16 hour layover . 
  he had a great experience overall . 
   no room for smokers is equivalent to saying `` fuck you '' to my face . 
  it 's the balkans , you can smoke anywhere . 
  cdg is a mess . 
  i 've been stuck there for hours due to a catering strike , i 've had to haul ass across the entire airport ( leaving the terminal areas and having to go back through security ) to make a very tight layover ( also having my checked baggage come a week after i arrived at my destination as a result ) , and it smells kind of funky all around . 
  having said that , i do n't really dislike the airport . 
  it 's all kinds of spread out and confusing but it 's well-signed and if you can read you wo n't get lost . 
  i generally have an alright time there . 
  then again , i 'm patient and can take a lot of crap before i get sick of it . 
  with all due respect to the casualties , slovenia 's war for independence was a sneeze in comparison to what happened in croatia and bih . 
  the legacy of yugoslavia in slovenia is not based on the conflict but rather on issues of cultural and economic independence whereas in croatia it is heavily based on the war . 
  i would say this is the opposite of top-down and there 's not much realization of the relationship where it really counts . 
  russia has left serbia hanging during some pivotal moments in their history . 
  apparently some locals ( on the croatian side ) have already cut away parts of it around rupa . 
  not really to that purpose though , i do n't think . 
  regarding abortions , are n't those notoriously under-reported ? 
  i imagine many are done under the table . 
  should we also start debating the geneva conventions , hague convention , and other established principles and treaties of international law because a country would like to feel ( while , in actuality , not really being any ) safer ? 
  i did n't really say that but yes , the logic is nuclear non-proliferation . 
  some of the posts in this thread read like they were written in the 1960s . 
  i was under the impression that weapons used were * from * the balkans , not coming * via * the balkans . 
  was n't there a report they used zastava-produced rifles ? 
  and what difference does it make ? 
  they can reach all of europe if they 're in moscow too . 
  counting liberland or not ? 
  i was in san diego earlier this year and you can see them from miles away , they 're ridiculously large . 
  there 's also one that has been converted into a museum but i did n't have the opportunity to board it . 
  yes , but i think seeking such a channel is a matter of seeking autonomy more than anything else . 
  then again , language of instruction in schools is a relevant and inflammatory political subject in certain parts of bosnia so it could really be just that . 
  they 're not as different as the hardliners in each group will claim , but that 's an oversimplification . 
  russia establishes warm-water navy base in neum , nato builds dam to pelje\u0161ac . 
  we should entertain such a scenario to cut down on construction costs ... 
  an american aircraft carrier is visiting split soon-ish so you may have an opportunity . 
  i 'm not sure what the arrangements will be . 
  it sounds like he 's making an effort though . 
  many similar towns will have several people employed to do the work one person could do . 
  i 'm at work and ca n't take the time to source everything for you . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/3s9a9d/how_prominent_is_doping_in_football_arsene_wenger/cwv893l ) is an ongoing discussion which presents the issue in a more organized manner than i can manage at the moment . 
  what material is poorly-sourced and what part of what i wrote is whataboutism ? 
  [ read the section on doping ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/100_metres_at_the_olympics ) , quite a few american medal-winning sprinters have been caught doping outright . 
  these are positive tests , not just accusations . 
  my point is that it 's clearly a politically motivated move to single out russia . 
  what about spain ? 
  they were on the verge of a doping scandal of epic proportions before a judge told a doctor implicated in doping in cycling ** not ** to release a list of names of athletes he worked with in other sports . 
  i ca n't comment on the validity of the claims of doping by russian athletes but this reeks of politics . 
  sports in general are rife with doping and it 's absurd to single out a country like this while so many others go unpunished . 
  iirc , none of the american 100m sprinters who have medaled in the last several olympics have been clean . 
  people from herzegovina . 
  and this comment is based on what , the word conservative in the title ? 
  i did n't really get the sense that the migrants were a particularly relevant issue in this election . 
  where 's the guy who went balls-to-the-wall about france being the world 's culinary messiah ? 
  i remember an italian redditor doing a good job of reminding him of france 's appropriation and subsequent modifications of italian cuisine . 
  the * nj * makes a sound like * \u00f1 * does in spanish . 
  as far as recommendations go , i 'm not particularly well-traveled along the coast . 
  i live in the us and spend most of my visits in a single area but i can give you a general rundown . 
  istria has charming towns both along the coast and inland , the kvarner area has some neat towns but is generally overlooked ( this is where i 'm from so i may be biased ) , and then further down you start getting to towns like zadar , \u0160ibenik , trogir , even split ( which sees a lot of tourists but still feels like a real city , contrary to dubrovnik which is almost just a giant museum ) . 
  i have n't even touched the islands and their towns ( town and island names are sometimes the same : cres , lo\u0161inj , krk , vrbnik , ba\u0161ka , rab , pag , vis , and komi\u017ea among others ) . 
  haha , yeah , the irony is not lost on me . 
  they 've both retired to become tourist traps . 
  i think dubrovnik is overrated . 
  it 's a beautiful city but it 's overpriced and there are many other beautiful towns along the coast . 
  it 's basically our venice . 
  i do n't think this is a particularly common opinion in croatia but it definitely exists . 
  the saudis are officially a western ally but they engage in a lot more under the table . 
  their practice is essentially funding extremist groups abroad to prevent their infiltration and proliferation domestically . 
  for all the preaching of wahabism and such , the royal family lives very much outside of those teachings . 
  overall , religious affiliation does not explain everything , especially with isis . 
  fundamentally isis is a power grab that has made use of radical islam and those extreme enough to lay down their lives for it . 
  yes , is n't this standard practice for airliners ? 
  this is especially necessary for carriers with smaller fleets ( like the one here ) . 
  you could also read an article on the matter and look at a map of where they 're moving through . 
  you forgot to mention that he also said europe essentially shifted the 2022 choice to qatar . 
  good job platini & co. 
  i do n't know how much legitimacy his testimony would 've added but this development certainly removes it , especially in the eyes of those who are looking for any reason to challenge it . 
  so what exactly would his contribution to the defense have been ? 
  the evidence he presented during karad\u017ei\u0107 's defense did n't seem particularly helpful . 
  aside from the carrot of the eu dangling in front of them , isis was n't indiscriminately slaughtering civilians until a year or so ago . 
  now that it 's turning into a proxy war for the superpowers , i 'm sure those that are left will be even more eager to leave . 
  syria was a stable state until 5 years ago . 
  the premise of your question is incorrect . 
  she spent some time in the us as a high school and college student and was then the ambassador to the us . 
  her foreign language skills are her best/only asset .
