i can definitely get the general meaning no problem , with some guesswork i understand most of the words . 
  really fascinating , actually . 
  germany had a bleeding heart . 
  they made a mistake . 
  international law says we have to help refugees , but goddamn , it 's the european union , not the friends of third world union . 
  there are procedures . 
  apply for asylum/visa , whatever , regardless if you 're a refugee or an immigrant . 
  submit to the legal process . 
  i 'm all for keeping the eu together , but not at the cost of waiving immigration procedures . 
  those procedures ought to be applied * before * entry . 
  i prefer expecting persephone . 
  unexpected matrix, 
  blasphemy laws are dumb . 
  `` i 'm hiiiigh ... '' `` no , that 's not how you do the white power gesture , look here . '', 
  `` the room is swaying , record 's playin ' ... '' * giggle giggle * `` that 's unprofessional . '', 
  `` woooo ... '' `` you 're not a wizard , marine . '', 
  punishing as in show that it 's better to remain in than leave . 
  the eu is under a lot of pressure . 
  it 's the most successful project of its kind but also very flawed . 
  the french election is just around the corner and a lepen victory would be another blow to the eu . 
  it 's supposed to stand on the foundation that working together is better than bickering , as europe likes to do , sometimes with catastrophic results . 
  so i understand insofar as the eu needing to be able to point out later `` see , we told you so . '', 
  means / s eu wants to show that leaving is a bad deal - understandable . 
  but of course no one in their right mind can say that uk did n't have every right to vote to leave if they wanted to . 
  that really required an explanation ? 
  notice i wrote `` punishing '' , not punishing . 
  i 'll have to do some reading to my own satisfaction , but i acknowledge that you 're clearly more savvy on this than i am . 
  your explanation here makes sense to me . 
  thanks for responding . 
  all i 'm saying is , escalating 60bn to 100bn was an unnecessarily dickish move . 
  when people who supposedly are experts at this eu shit and have way more information than i do seem to be doing stuff someone with my extremely shallow understanding might be expected to do , it does n't invite confidence that the divorce will end amicably . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but fuck it , brits made their decision . 
  brussels should n't be calling them stupid for making a choice ( not publicly anyway ) and playing hardball for the sake of hardball makes the eu look like douchenozzles . 
  christ , we 're supposed be a modern , united europe , fucking represent instead of acting like a dick because one kid wants to leave the party . 
   merkeldollars best joke i 've seen today . 
  however , it made me spit out coke . 
  * i 'll get a fresh can and make you pay for it . 
  i get trying to look tough . 
  i get `` punishing '' uk for brexit . 
  but ultimately , even if britain wants out , uk-eu trade would be far easier to arrange because uk has had to comply with eu norms for decades . 
  this kind of dick waving is lose-lose . 
  hardcore brexiters wo n't be convinced that brexit is by default a loss as juncker has been indirectly saying and hardcore pro-eu people wo n't be convinced that any version of brexit can count as a successful negotiation . 
  as usual , there 's a need to meet halfway . 
  i mean , i think some deal upon brexit is better than no deal at all . 
  edit : warsaw pitching in to demand stuff is really kind of embarrassing considering the ruling party 's anti-eu sentiments . 
  i always forget about national holidays and am surprised that big stores are closed . 
  those days sneak up on me . 
  i see big lines at mac 's and few people using kiosks . 
  lucky me . 
  less contact with other humans . 
  i love those things . 
  i 'd also say copernicus . 
  i support not telling trump things . 
  i 'm sure that actual intelligence people know how to handle sensitive info . 
  if trump must be briefed on all things ... 
  it 's actually a tough question . 
  it 's really dumb to not coop with the most robust ic in the world , but trump seems unable to grasp the consequences of his actions . 
  i guess the issue is : `` share info knowing that trump is a risk , or not share until trump 's out '' . 
  i think it 's better to continue cooperation regardless . 
  us is too important an ally . 
  forgot the european bison . 
  in my experience , it was a low-effort class , but still a class , with test and the whole shebang . 
  it 's ridiculous , imo . 
  this kind of thing does n't belong in public schools and same goes for mass to commence/conclude the school year . 
  but that 's what you get when half of national holidays are religious holidays . 
  but it 's tradition , so i guess it 's not that bad . 
  still do n't like the class though . 
  was there , can confirm . 
  i vaguely remember trying a few sips of beer around 16 . 
  nothing much changed when i turned 18 , really . 
  i got really hammered at 19 and since then i have n't been drawn to alcohol . 
  no buzz is worth feeling like shit the entire weekend . 
  perhaps i simply ca n't hold my liquor . 
  as such , i would n't even say i drink alcohol , not in any way that could be described as regular anyway . 
  i have n't drank alcohol at all in 2017 so far . 
  swearing is probably my favorite aspect of the polish language . 
  it can be incredibly varied and colorful and the hard r of `` kurwa '' has a wonderful gritty punch to it . 
  the hard r in general is a great thing to have when swearing . 
  cheers, 
  was in london a couple times . 
  enjoyed biking in light rain . 
  was in turkey and ohmygod who needs this much heat ? 
  give me an overcast sky , humid but no rain , no wind , 18 celsius any day . 
  podcasts are one my new favorite things . 
  link ? 
  what 's a real tragedy , imo , is that kaczy\u0144ski 's focus is on two things : tusk is the devil and eu is hell . 
  the smole\u0144sk disaster really put him on an antagonistic track with every political oponent and that kind of attitude ( only we have the moral mandate , everyone else wants to destroy poland and our values ) helps no one in a multi-party system . 
  of course , the opposition is n't any better with its opportunistic shadiness , but to get back ot , yeah , our president and pm are disappointing . 
  i rode a train on the rzesz\u00f3w-wroc\u0142aw line around the time when parts of it were being renovated . 
  normally that journey should take about 6-7 hours tops ( as it does now ) , but i had the misfortune of enduring 12 hour rides , complete with switching trains in krak\u00f3w . 
  btw , i hate riding in compartments . 
  if i have to go on a longish train ride , i always ask for a seat in the no-compartment carriage . 
  i just find the small space enclosed from three sides that i only have to share with one other passenger ( or not at all if lucky ) more comfortable . 
  plus the folding table on the seat in front of me . 
  like i said , not a fan of trains . 
  then again , not a fan of traveling in general . 
  driving to visit family 160km away always takes mental prep before setting off . 
  no highway on that route , so if i make it under 2,5 hours , that 's great . 
  lol, 
  well yeah , i made that unnecessarily convoluted .
