  yeah , that 's totally your own experience , and generalising anyone 's own experience is n't really helpful, 
  freedom of religion is a western value . 
  if we do n't let immigrants come just because of their religion we would n't be respecting freedom of religion . 
  in wordreference the translations for aldea are small village , small town and hamlet, 
  i 'm pretty sure we already have this in spain, 
  i 'm gay myself and although i 'm not involved in lgbt + / lgbtq activism i know people that are . 
  and in general they use either lgbtq or lgbt + . 
  there are many people out there that invent things such as `` demisexual '' , which apparently it 's being sexually attracted only to people you have feelings for . 
  yeah , it 's basically people wanting to feel special and oppressed for no reason , because a demisexual is either hetero , gay or bi , not a special group . 
  those people are n't really taken seriously . 
  the q and the + are there for people who do n't identify to any of the binary genders . 
  i personally think that the extra letters that some people put are just unnecessary labels . 
  today 's `` cure '' of gender dysphoria is sex reassignment . 
  also gay , and i think it 's perfectly fine if we leave it at lgbt + . 
  eli5 : what is a grammatical case ? 
  then we should work on integration because the only alternative is banning immigrants based on religion , which goes against the values we 're trying to defend . 
  what i 've heard in spanish is `` the man is a wolf for the man '' ( el hombre es un lobo para el hombre ) . 
  the north-south and west-east division is so strong, 
  in spain we do n't have a word that can translate to town . 
  we have ciudad ( city ) and pueblo ( village ) . 
  what you 'd call a town is either an small city or a big village here . 
  anyways , avila has a cathedral , so it 'd fall under the british definition of city . 
  i do n't know about those french and swiss towns , though . 
  it 's either avila ( highest city in spain ) with 1131m or some swiss city, 
  i honestly do n't see your point . 
  this graph only shows that immigrants integrate better in uk than in other countries . 
  you could even argue that british are indeed bigots because so many of them reject immigration because they say that migrants do n't adapt while this show that they do . 
  i 'm not saying that is true , only that is one interpretation you can give without further information . 
  this has nothing to do with being or not being bigoted ... 
  let 's stop saying that british people decided to leave when `` leave '' won only by a small margin, 
  i 've always thought that we should get a similar union with portugal, 
  brussels carbonade and ghent waterzooi might be two of the best traditional dishes i 've ever eaten, 
  i ca n't wait to see valencia 's fallas . 
  i 'm sure we 'll see similar things . 
  if it 's of the early 1500s , i 'm sure many people criticised it at the time . 
  they are corinthian columns , yeah , but they 're disproportionated and do n't follow the classical canons like [ these ones ] ( http://www.teggelaar.com/florence/imflorence/f2798.jpg ) . 
  not trying to sound pedantic , i was just curious because i 'm an architecture student and those columns seemed weird to me . 
  except that the sale of weapons is n't just regular trade and it 's controlled by the government , which theoretically has to base that regulation on the un [ arms trade treaty ] ( https://www.un.org/disarmament/convarms/att/ ) , that was signed by [ spain in 2013 and ratified in 2014 ] ( http://www.comercio.gob.es/es-es/comercio-exterior/informacion-sectorial/material-de-defensa-y-de-doble-uso/paginas/tratado-sobre-el-comercio-de-armas.aspxand ) , and [ other eu regulations ] ( http://www.comercio.gob.es/es-es/comercio-exterior/informacion-sectorial/material-de-defensa-y-de-doble-uso/paginas/legislacion-prohibicion-comercio.aspx ) that forbid selling weapons , torture and antiriot equipment to any country that might be using them to violate human rights . 
  why are you talking about the 2nd republic ? 
  because i 'm republican ? 
  lol . 
  one thing is selling or sending weapons to a country at war and other thing is to sell weapons to a country that uses them to commit human rights abuses . 
  spain is n't the only country where judges investigate crimes against human rights in foreign countries . 
  the actions of the international court alone are n't enough . 
  have n't you ever heard about the concept of universal justice ? 
  it is n't about being a world police but about helping to solve international conflicts . 
  the public spending on that matter was so little compared to other things that we spend our taxes ' money on and are so useless ... 
  i 'm kinda confused about what you 're saying . 
  you do n't care about china and venezuela 's internal matters but you do care that members of ps have collaborated with the venezuelan government . 
  why do you care ? 
  because of venezuela 's internal matters . 
  and i also care about it because of the same reason , but not in the same way as you . 
  i think it 's important to consider which governments a party is at the very least tolerant with and which not and why . 
  to the pp , cs and the psoe , venezuelan government is such a horrible authoritarian regime that they have an openly hostile attitude against them , but that does n't happen with the chinese government , which is arguably worse . 
  why are you comparing the gag law to the 2nd republic constitution ? 
  why are you using the 2nd republic as your argument to everything ? 
  first of all , the 31 constitution was n't done by the `` far left '' , but by the entire parliament . 
  it wad dominated by the left spectrum , yes , because the leftists had won the elections ( the first free elections in decades , by the way ) , but not only by the far left . 
  there were from centre and liberal republicans and moderate socialists to hardcore communists . 
  and second of all , it was n't and it is n't uncommon at all that verbal or physical aggressions against the state and its symbols are punished by the law and excluded of freedom of speech . 
  i 'm not in favour of it , but it is what it is and that was already illegal before the gag law . 
  do you know what parties were already against the prohibition before the gag law ? 
  oh , yes , leftist parties . 
  the gag law has increased the punishment for such `` crimes '' , but that is n't the only thing that it has done . 
  the pacto antiterrorista i 'm talking about is the one from 2015 created by the pp and the psoe after the charlie hebdo attacks , that was later signed by cs , upyd and other regional parties that have previously rejected the pact after the last terror attacks in paris ( the one of bataclan and street caf\u00e9s ) . 
  podemos , iu , pnv , esquerra and ciu still refused to sign the pact , because unlike the others , they were honest and consistent with their original position and were n't changing it just to have a better image after a new and worst terror attack . 
  as a spaniard , my concerns are in spain ( and in the eu ) as well . 
  but that does n't mean that my ethics allow me to vote people who choose to condemn some regimes instead of others depending on whether they can obtain political or economical benefits . 
  i 'd rather pick bureaucrats that care about the people and not about power , that do n't keep doing their predecessors ' mistakes while they still can get rich . 
  it turns out that the psoe is n't like that anymore and i refuse to vote podemos or iu , so , well , i envy that you are able to choose the less worst party ( by your own standards ) , but i ca n't . 
  but as far as i know , lithuanians did n't have s much strength because lithuania covered lithuania proper but also belarus and a large part of ukraine , while the polish were the largest group and their language ended up becoming the official of the administration . 
  and poland had the rank of kingdom and that was more prestigious after all . 
  yeah , that 's the kind of things why i do n't like about podemos . 
  it 's so silly that they refuse to accept tha violations of civil rights in venezuela and cuba and that their supporters ignore that because they like other things about them . 
  but for the moment , the only parties that are supporting authoritarian policies ( like the ley mordaza or the antiterrorism pact ) to cut down our liberties and freedom are the pp , cs and psoe , while podemos opposes them . 
  the only parties that refuse to condemn francoism and enact the law of historical memory , against the recommendations of both the eu and un , are the pp and cs . 
  the only party that has ever made a deal with a foreign dictatorial party to not intervene in their internal issues is the pp , with the [ chinese communist party ] ( http://www.estrelladigital.es/articulo/espanha/cospedal-reafirma-buena-sintonia-partido-comunista-chino/20141211125249220917.html ) , just to clarify it , the pp did it , not the government . 
  and a bit later the pp government ended the ability of spanish judges to investigate and process international criminals for crimes against humanity , among whom were many chinese officers . 
  the governments of both the pp and the psoe have allowed the sale of weapons and antiriot equipment to countries that violate human rights like [ saudi arabia ] ( http://politica.elpais.com/politica/2016/12/13/actualidad/1481659607_522835.html ) and even [ venezuela ] ( http://www.abc.es/espana/20140324/rc-espana-vendio-venezuela-material-201403241323.html ) until it started to be politically beneficial for the pp to oppose the venezuelan regime . 
  forgive me if i ca n't be too scared of podemos for having good relations with foreign authoritarian regimes when other major parties have attitudes as relaxed as them about authoritarianism . 
  if it was n't for the fact that the pp and the psoe have always kept good relations with other totalitarian governments if that economically benefits them ( or their friends from the ibex 35 ) while publicly opposing others to their own political benefit , at least it would n't seem so hypocritical . 
  nope , i 'm not a defendant of podemos and i will never vote them because they 're already showing how inexperienced they are about government and politics , because when they are confronted with their mistakes they resort to remarking others ' mistakes , because i do n't agree with all their policies and because they 're either too blind to see chavez and castro 's crimes or they know them but they do n't care because they have ideological similarities . 
  but the capital was in poland , was n't it ? 
  i guess that 's why poland is considered to be the centre core of the country . 
  well , there could be right wing republicans . 
  but in my case i am centre left . 
  i 'd vote psoe if i was n't disappointed with them . 
  and , well , i looked up that quote and it seems he was just quoting a protest song . 
  i do n't think there 's nothing to worry about them other than their inexperience with government and politics in general . 
  some people make it seem like they 're going to make a coup d'\u00e9tat and go full soviet if they win the elections just because some of them are marxists . 
  friendly reminder that the psoe was marxist not so long ago . 
  bottom right, 
  why do n't the columns in the last picture follow the canonical classical proportions ? 
  when could they be built ? 
  so , turks are n't falling for the authoritarian pretentions of erdogan ? 
  and what 's the general opinion about the coup in turkey ? 
  the last thing about it that appeared in the news here was that erdogan was taking advantage of the coup to do a purge . 
  can we respect a party that now claims to be socially progressive and economically liberal but used to call for unionist protests with neofascists in catalonia and that went to the european elections in a coalition with a far right small party ? 
  if only people could stop fearmongering about podemos and instead respectfully disagree . 
  and , before you ask , nope , i 'm not a voter of podemos nor of iu .
