  don quijote sounds really weird in english . 
  i hope this one is a real disarment and not the farce they tried a couple of years ago and that no one truly believed . 
  i mean , i 'm a history enthusiast myself and i 've never heard about them . 
  she was n't really relevant to spanish history and for us she 's just one of the many castilian princesses that married into the french royalty to secure the french-castilian alliance in the late middle ages . 
  i do n't think they stop to learn the names of every national princess that became queen and regent of another kingdom . 
  and , well , of course i 've heard the saying `` poderoso caballero es don dinero '' and i 've definitely read in at school , but i do n't think most people from any country knows the origin of most of their sayings or remembers all the verses from a poem they 've learned at school . 
  the spanish educational system definitely needs improvement , but in terms of content we study a lot in history . 
  last year ( my high school senior year ) we almost did n't have enough time to finish all the contents . 
  the problem about how history ( as well as literature and philosophy ) is taught in spain is that they pretend that students learn a huge amount of content by memorising it and then keep remembering it the rest of their lives . 
  that being said , i remember most of what i 've study in my history and literature classes because i 'm really interested in those topics and i 've never heard about blanca de castilla or if i heard i do n't remember it simply because it is n't important . 
  and , well , my parents studied all the names of the visigoth kings and they remember just a couple of them . 
  learning a lot of small details obstructs the learning and understanding of the big picture , which should be the priority and is something that many people in spain lack . 
  there 's just too many people that have many misconceptions about our own history . 
  and this is n't only about the * current * state of education in spain but about the state of the spanish educational system since there 's obligatory education . 
  not spain , but the current spanish government , that has refused to any kind of negotiation and has n't presented any alternative . 
  it is n't the same thing . 
  i 'm sure it will , if they fulfill the requirements . 
  and i do n't think any country that is building its institutional structure almost from the scratch could soon join the eu . 
  scotland will be hit by brexit anyways , but it may go back to the eu later . 
  the eu has no responsability with scotland at all and it shuld n't get any facility to saty or to join more easily than other candidates . 
  the second republic wanted to let the basque country , galicia and catalonia ( maybe some other regions later as well ) autonomic instiutions and government , yep , but not to the rest of spain . 
  the first republic was going to be fully federal , but it fell before the constitution was finished . 
  i agree that we should become a federal country , but we should also avoid one-province states ( except maybe madrid ) and acknowledge each state as a historical nation or otherwise we 'll end up with the same problems we 're having right now with the autonomies ' system . 
  for their own good ? 
  so they can stay in the eu ? 
  i 'm not so sure about that , though . 
  they 'll have to apply for the membership just like any other country that wants to join the eu and it will be difficult for them to fulfill the conditions for a long time . 
  catalonia and the basque country have also achieved a level of power they 'd never have gotten by themselves . 
  but that does n't mean that their nationalisms are n't justified . 
  it is n't working for us at all . 
  ignoring the catalan issue until it gets weak is n't solving it , because it will strengthen itself back whenever there 's another economical or political crisis . 
  territorial administration and the status of the regions with their own cultural identity wo n't stop being an issue and it has to be addressed , sooner or later , whether the right wing wants it or not . 
  what they did with the autonomous communities in the transition was a blunder and we have to address it and open a national debate before it 's too late . 
  a really significant part of the society is republican and there are parties in the national parliament with around 30 % of the votes in total that openly advocate for a republic . 
  i 'm republican myself . 
  but how exactly is spain a fake democracy ? 
  if spain is a fake democracy then there 's no real democracy in the world . 
  i mean , sure , the pp loves to undermine freedom of protest and speech and justice is n't fully independent from the government , but spain is a representative democracy just like the rest of europe . 
  a possible catalan republic does n't necessarily have to be more democratic than spain ( except for the fact that the head of state would be voted ) . 
  rayonnant gothic is indeed gorgeous !, 
  i did know that the castilian and french royal families married a lot during the middle ages , but i had never heard anything about blanca de castilla . 
  til . 
  so basically the same thing that happened to the spanish socialist worker 's party and what will happen to the socialist party in france this same year . 
  he also has military advisors that support keeping good relations with europe to have a strong nato against russia . 
  i 'm sure anyone from any country is bothered by that , but i also think it is n't that shocking for most people that the intelligence agencies of any great power spies even on their allies . 
  oh , those people who do n't even consider to learn spanish and live isolated from the rest of society . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's hard to learn a language when you reach a certain age ( and most british living here are retired ) , but come on , even old chinese peoe that have their little businesses try to learn some spanish . 
  i do n't understand that but i 'm already triggered . 
  gib back spanish low countries . 
  do n't worry , the current duke of alba is just a rich boring old man . 
  and you guys can come to chueca whenever you want . 
  yeah , the separatist movement did n't exist before . 
  but a strong nationalism existed , although it usually defended federalism and autonomy . 
  what i meant is that the growth of the economical and political power of the catalan and basque bourgeoisie allowed the nationalisms of those regions to become strong and have an important political presence since the beginning . 
  i know that catalan nationalists have never called for independence until recently . 
  while not dictatorships per se , most ( if not all ) european countries have had autocratic governments for most of its history . 
  i did n't express myself properly . 
  what i meant is that until very recently we have n't got modern democracies . 
  it 's completely unfair to say that turkey will never be able to be fully democratic because it has an authoritative tradition when most of us also have it . 
  england was n't a dictatorship , but it was n't a democracy either . 
  which country has n't been a dictatorship for most of its history ? 
  even modern european democracies are fairly new . 
  not so long ago we had dictators in europe . 
  and in the countries that were already established `` democracies '' in the early 20th century , either only a few minority could vote or the elections were rigged . 
  edit : typos, 
  emmm ... 
  i do n't think you 're understanding me . 
  the uk ca n't just retire the whole administrative and institutional apparatus from scotland from one day to another . 
  sure , they wo n't care about how scotland creates its own government , but this is n't about making things easy to scotland but to both sides . 
  and what about all the scottish citizens that wo n't renounce to the british nationality ? 
  the british government would have a responsibility to them and may want to avoid creating more tension than it will be . 
  the secesion would n't be immediate . 
  for months or even years , while the scottish will be creating their constitution , the institution , the financial system , etc. 
  of the new country , they will still be part of the uk and the british central administration will still be working in scotland . 
  and that includes the army . 
  at least that 's the way things should work to make the separation as less traumatic as possible in case it happens . 
  but you do realise that if scotland goes independent there will be a process of disconnection with the british state and creation of the scottish state , do n't you ? 
  the creation of the scottish army and the retreat of the british one would be part of that process . 
  the counts of barcelona controlled all of catalonia , either directly or through their vassals , and were independent from the end of the 10th century to the mid 13th century . 
  and then , it was n't absorbed by the kingdom of arag\u00f3n , as both realms fell under a personal union . 
  the principality of catalonia eventually became one of the constituent realms of the crown of aragon , that had that name because aragon had the more prestigious title of kingdom , but not because it was more important . 
  catalonia was the centre of the realm until the crisis it had in the 15th century , and then the kingdom of valencia took its place before the seat of power moved to castile with the union of castile and arag\u00f3n . 
  until the beginning of the 18th century , all the constituent kingdoms of aragon kept their own laws , official language , trade customs , governments , courts , parliaments , taxes , etc. 
  the catalans have a long history of self government , which is n't the case of galicia , which was incorporated to the kingdom of le\u00f3n and later to the crown of castile without any autonomy nor special status . 
  only the title of `` king of galicia '' remained . 
  as for the basques , the region of biscay ( all of the basque country was called biscay back then ) had some privileges and special laws , but they did n't have real autonomy . 
  the kingdom of navarra is claimed by some basque nationalists as the first basque state , but only for a short period of time the navarrese kings controlled today 's basque country , while navarra proper is half basque ( north ) and half latin ( with a culture more similar to aragon 's ) . 
  if nationalism is stronger in the basque country and catalonia than in other regions ( like navarra , the rest of the catalan-speaking regions , galicia , canarias etc. ), 
  it 's because they were developed and industrialised in the 19th century by a strong and competitive bourgeosie that did n't exist in other spanish regions and that had enough political power to strengthen their movements . 
  that being said , many countries have recently being created that do n't really have any clear historical precedent , like belgium , greece , germany and italy in the 19th century or ireland and ukraine in the 20th . 
  what determines if a region should or should n't have the right of self-determination is whether it can be considered a particular people , a nation , if it has its own cultural identity . 
  ask them that lol . 
  i 'm just guessing possibilities , i 'm not saying what they will do and how are they planning to do so . 
  because otherwise you 'd have a really big area of both land and waters right at your door completely unprotected ? 
  it would be really counter-productive and irresponsible if the british government did n't do it , not only for the scottish but for the rest of the british . 
  why would they bother if they are n't leaving ? 
  if the separatists win a referendum , scotland wo n't be independent the next day . 
  a process will be needed to build the scottish sovereign state , and that includes looking for trade partners . 
  the uk is going out of the trade zone that the eu is . 
  scotland may choose to remain inside it .
