  i do n't know much about economy and i could be completely wrong , but it seems to me that if scotland got independence and eventually join the eu , it will be relatively easy for scots to find european trade partners . 
  the uk has to find new trade partners with whom they had n't had as strong ties as with the eu members . 
  i guess they 'd eventually create their own army , but if the secesion is negotiated the uk could make a deal to defend them until the new sovereign state is completely created . 
  i mean , it is n't like of that could n't change . 
  the basque do n't even want a referendum . 
  but , yeah , we should let the catalans vote . 
  the conservatives do n't seem to understand the concepts of nations and self determination . 
  that 's the same reason why in our constitution some regions have the weird status of `` historical nationality '' ( the regions themselves are the `` nationalities '' , not the people living there ) . 
  they refused to recognise historical nations or constituent nations like in the uk . 
  shhh , you ca n't find out until it 's too late and you realise that the english wo n't be there to help you this time . 
  i 'm still waiting for spain and portugal to create their own block . 
  i think it would be really beneficial for both of us . 
  that 's because many municipalities that outside the uk would be considered cities are there called towns . 
  in order for a town to have the legal status of a city , it needs a royal charter . 
  in the past , only the towns with a cathedral could become cities . 
  you did n't understand well or your friend was quite worng . 
  as far as i know , basque 's origins go back thousands of years old . 
  until the 19th century , there was a ton of local dialects that could vary between valleys and even between neighbouring villages , but not between families . 
  in the 19th century , nationalism came alongside a movemente to unify and standarize the basque language to promote basque culture . 
  basque was created in its current form then , not after franco 's death . 
  i 'm pretty sure nowadays it would be different because we do n't see women as inferior beings that cam be used like back then . 
  nigeria is already being affected by climate change . 
  it will be both because of boko haram and because of the desertification of arable lands , that is , food shortages, 
  well , franco got to power after a civil war with a lot of support from his side . 
  nowadays only very few old people miss francoism and the democratic constitution of 1978 was ratified in a referendum with a 90 % approval . 
  we have contributed to bailing out other members as well , but yeah , we took a banking bailout . 
  the bailout was n't for the state but for the banks , but it was a bailout after all . 
  italy is most likely the country that has the best situation among the piigs , but you had your problems as well and that contributed to the stereotype of `` lazy poor southern europeans who do n't work and waste eu money '' . 
  it 's just a silly polandball comic that relies on stereotypes , do n't take it that seriously . 
  so are we . 
  but we 're still part of the `` piigs '' because of our deficit , debt and how the crisis hit specially hard on us . 
  yeah , i guess we ca n't expect much civility from 16th century men in that sense, 
  yeah , they could understand most of it . 
  but i 'm sure you agree that in a political debate it 's important that everything that is said is perfectly clear . 
  we 're talking about different languages , not dialects . 
  people from regions with cooficial languages are fully bilingual and there 's no need to make things difficult . 
  and what about basque ? 
  should we allow some languages but not others ? 
  well , there are no live translators in the congress and the senate and congressmen are supposedly adressing all the citizens there so it does n't really make sense not to speak in spanish when everybody speaks it . 
  this kind of silly things may not seem important for many , but not acknowledging some regions ' cultural identities like they should be is probably one of the reasons why separatism has risen so much . 
  maybe i did n't understand you well . 
  i thought you meant that it is n't uncommon that it is n't uncommon for you to see infographics that are wrong and that you knew it because of first hand experience . 
  sorry if that was n't what you meant , i have n't slept that much last night and my brain is slow today . 
  i do n't think this is the case . 
  just because a language sounds more similar to a second one than to a third , it does n't mean that the first and the third are n't closer . 
  and spanish and portuguese are closer than spanish and catalan , yet we understand catalan better . 
  it probably has something to do with how the languages sound . 
  italians have a pronunciation similar to spanish . 
   i thought, 
  i thought that the spanish cooficial regional languages like catalan , galician , basque were official languages of the eu as well, 
  italy and the small eastern european countries of the axis sent their jews as well, 
  it 's part of the reaction against the decades of the strict christian morality imposed by franco 's regime . 
  the whole social revolution ( civil rights movements , pacifism , 2nd wave feminism , france 's '68 may , etc. ), 
  that was changing the rest of the free world started to arrive at the very end of the dictatorship thanks to european tourists . 
  that 's partly why the dictatorship fell after franco died , because people started to mobilise in the streets demanding the end of the regime . 
  when democracy arrived and censorship ended , everything came all of a sudden alongside the madness of the 80s . 
  in other countries many people still kept their traditional values , but in spain that traditionality was ( and is ) associated to francoism and i guess that 's why that more people rejected it . 
  i think it 's really amazing . 
  i mean , when my mother was born ( late 60s ) , swedish and german tourists were considered sinful sluts for wearing bikinis , but when she grew up topless was really usual among spanish women at the beach . 
  they were n't expelled at the same time . 
  castile conquered granada in the same year , but first they tried to force * granadinos * ( i do n't know how to translate it ) to convert . 
  they 'll later expell them , though . 
  and the ones from the crown of aragon were expelled even later because they were a huge part of the peasantry in the kingdom of valencia . 
  yep . 
  ladino or sefardita . 
  the ones that fled to the ottoman empire kept talking old castilian , but it mixed with hebrew , turkish and greek . 
  any sefardita can obtain spanish nationality nowadays if they can proof that they have jewish spanish ancestry , and one of the ways to do so is if they speak ladino . 
  if the jews had n't been expelled there would have been quite a big proportion of jews in spain as well . 
  they way the lands conquered from the moors in southern spain were organised is the reason why in that region most of the farm lands are owned by big land holders , while in the north small land owners is the usual . 
  and we 're talking about the 13th century . 
  yes , there are multiple factors that explain why that situation did n't change in 700 hundred years , but what triggered it happened in the middle ages . 
  unles they did it aiming to destroy the polish and german ethnic groups , which they did n't , it was n't a genocide . 
  war crimes , yes , but not genocide . 
  and war crimes sadly happens in all wars . 
  most of this posts are n't based on any objective data and do n't pretend to be universal truth . 
  they 're usually based on stereotypes and the general opinion that the person who does it perceives . 
  do n't taki it that seriously lol, 
  is n't it similar to french / eu / as well ? 
  do n't call my name do n't call my name finrando, 
  i understand that many of the names in korean are transliterated versions of the english name because they 've probably initiated diplomatic relations with most of those countries through the us . 
  but why do the japanese do the same with spain ? 
  we were , alongside the portuguese , the first westerners that the japanese had relations with in the 16th century . 
  why do n't they call us something similar to `` espa\u00f1a '' as the chinese ? 
  but we ca n't just assume that all of the millions of muslims in the world want to come here and destroy our values and culture . 
  yes , most muslims are more conservative than most westerners , but most of the muslim migrants live their lifes without harming anyone . 
  there are plenty of natives in our countries that oppose our own values . 
  should we kick them out as well ? 
  why do n't we just let the law decide if they break our rules ? 
  why do n't we work to ease integration instead of generalising and spreading hatred , creating a breeding ground for the radicalisation of second generation immigrants who do n't feel welcome by their own society ? 
  why do n't we control immigration more estrictly but not on the basis of the god the migrants pray to ? 
  and , jist for clarification , the three abrahamic religions have the same basic values . 
  what really makes the difference between our societies and muslim majority societies are the non religious values of the enlightenment and the liberal revolutions . 
  christianity does encourage unlawful behaviour if you take it from a fundamentalist perspective . 
  why do n't we just expell anyone who does n't follow the law and that 's it ? 
  even if many muslim immigrants are very conservative , most of them do n't cause trouble and it 's unfair to outcast them because of the ones that do . 
  why do n't we just kick out anyone who does n't follow our values , who does n't treat women equally or discriminates lgbt people ? 
  it 's the same thing . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  i think they do n't really have a very defined definition of town . 
  i mean , i 've seen both villages of 5k inhabitants and small cities of 100k being called * town * .
