  so the only way homosexuality is justifiable by your standards is if it was genetical ? 
  we do n't know the causes of homosexuality yet . 
  they could be social or psychological . 
  either way , it would n't matter at all . 
  it most likely has the same origin . 
  just like the spanish * castillo * and the italian * castelo * . 
  is n't ch\u00e2teau french ? 
  i thought the english version of ch\u00e2teau was manor, 
  i 've always liked the idea of a federal iberia . 
  it certainly would solve spain 's national and regional identities issues and some surveys even show that the portuguese would accept a federal unification with the rest of spain . 
  but i do n't think many spaniards would like the idea , specially the right and the centre . 
  the left does defend a federalist system , but the right opposes and even wants more centralisation . 
  the right wing in spain has traditionally had this weird and false image of spain being a culturally unified country . 
  they have never wanted to recognise spain as a multinational country . 
  our constitution recognises that certain regions are `` historical nationalities '' . 
  does it make sense that a region is a `` nationality '' ? 
  nope . 
  but they refused to put `` historical nations '' . 
  i think i do n't have to say that among those historical nations is catalonia . 
  around ten years ago , catalonia wanted to pass a new statut of autonomy ( basically the `` constitution '' of every autonomic region ) that gave more powers to the catalan autonomic institutions . 
  the right wing dominated constitutional court blocked it because the constitution allegedly did n't allow many of the proposals of that new statut , even though most of them were already in the statut of andalusia . 
  this new statut was promoted by the catalan nationalist parties , that in that time supported a moderate nationalism that defended the recognition of the nation of catalonia inside spain and a future federalism . 
  but the right opposed that and then the economical recession and the political crisis that it caused arrived . 
  indignation and opposition to the establishment grow all over the country . 
  in catalonia that translated to a growth of separatism and nationalist parties then started to openly call for independence . 
  and that 's basically why we are nowadays in this situation . 
  at least that 's my vision of it . 
  unless the right wing accepts to gove concessions to catalonia and starts to truly negotiate with the catalan government , this is going to end very bad . 
  the basque country , navarra , galicia , valencia and baleares also have their own language . 
  and baleares and valencia 's languages are catalan dialects . 
  and yet , separatism is far from reaching the levels of catalonia in those regions . 
  the situation in catalonia is more complex than `` they are a rich region with their own culture '' . 
  you 're making cervantes , vel\u00e1zquez and zorrilla cry in their tombs . 
  yeah , just like all the rich autonomic communities of spain . 
  catalonia is n't an exemption . 
  it 's what in spain is called `` territorial solidarity '' : rich communities give more money to help out poorer ones . 
  la diferencia a favor del ` no ' es ya de un punto y medio . 
  translation : the number of catalans that declare themselves against independence grows . 
  46.8 % of the citizens of catalonia does not support secesion , while 45.3 % do want that it becomes a new independent state . 
  the difference in favour of the `` now '' is of a point and a half already . 
  that is shown by the last survey of the centro de estudios de la generalitat ( note : basically the institution of the catalan government in charge of making official surveys and statistics . 
  i 'm not sure how to translate the name ) . 
  the survey reveals an increase in the opposition to catalan independence , that has grown almost two points since november , when the `` no '' was 45.1 % , and four points since june , when the `` no '' was 42.2 % against 47.7 % that supported it among the people surveyed . 
  despite this , the ceo has defended during the presentation of the survey that the `` technical draw '' remains as the margin of error is of 3 % . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.elmundo.es/cataluna/2016/12/29/5864eaf622601dfb658b45d8.html ) these are the official statistics of the catalan government . 
  the catalans are * really * divided and any result of a referendum would be very close . 
  personally , i 'm in favour of letting them decide in a referendum supported by the central government , but i think that catalonia should n't get independence just because of 50 % plus one of the votes . 
  with you we will have 176m of spanish speakers in the eu . 
  spain can into cultural relevancy in europe again !, 
  china is n't a direct threat to europe , but it may be a threat to the us allies in east asia . 
  in a ww3 scenario , i could see tensions between china and japan and south korea escalating to an open war in which the us would get involved , dragging their european allies . 
  to be fair , in most public toilets the soap is hardly ever replaced and people just wash only with water . 
  at least that 's my case , because i always use soap at home . 
  as i said before :  what is a problem is that we may loose some of our progressive values because of that . 
  but in an hypothetical situation where migrants end up integrating with our society , an ethnical drift is such a non issue . 
  trust me , i have enough with local conservatives . 
  well , but i 'm precisely saying that there 's nothing wrong with an ethnic change in the native population of europe putting culture apart . 
  so , what are you saying , that we should only let asians come ? 
  lol . 
  what you 're saying is purely about culture , not race . 
  my fear is that if migrants do n't adapt while their population gets proportionally bigger , there would be a conservative drift in our society because most of the migrants come from more conservative societies . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't see how a change in the ethnic background of europe 's native population is a problem . 
  what is a problem is that we may loose some of our progressive values because of that . 
  but in an hypothetical situation where migrants end up integrating with our society , an ethnical drift is such a non issue . 
  it has happened before and it will happen . 
  the only arguments to defend the `` protection of the native population '' are dangerously close to racism . 
  i just hope that they just do n't shut down the immigration routes but that they also they to address the issues that cause that massive immigration in the first place . 
  migrants do n't run away from their countries just because and they may shut down a route , but they wo n't stop coming even if they have to look for other routes . 
  and morocco-spain will likely be their next option . 
  i did n't said the opposite . 
  we must preserve our laicism and secularity . 
  that 's what has taken us where we are . 
  but part of that secularity is respecting the freedom of religion , one of our core values . 
  what do you suggest ? 
  not letting any muslim come here ? 
  because that 's against any european constitution . 
  yes , religious groups that try to impose their own laws and courts , even if they do it within their community , have no place here . 
  and that 's why they are illegal and persecuted by the law . 
  at least in my own country . 
  the thing is that said al-righters use it to push an agenda of `` white genocide '' and a conspiracy about how the evil islam wants to invade europe to promote hatred against muslims . 
  if governments actually worked to integrate ethnical minorities , it would n't matter that natives were eventually outnumbered by other ethnicities , as log as we preserved our values . 
  but , yeah , we must n't let minorities isolate themselves in ghettos and we must work to make sure that they assimilate our values ( specially among the youth ) . 
  at least as long as natives either do n't want or ca n't have more children . 
  the situation is n't as critical as al-righters want it to be and we 're still far from being outnumbered . 
  anyways , at least by my experience , most people from the second and third generations of immigrants are far more westernised and liberal than their parents . 
  why do so many swedes migrate to norway and why did they come back ? 
  we 've already lost a half million people since 2011 in spain, 
  if you ask some alt-right americans , they 'll say that 's impossible because blonde white europeans will soon be replaced by muslims . 
  you are not being [ ambitious enough ] ( http://ch-gender.sakura.ne.jp/wp/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/800px-hrr_14jh.jpg ), 
  most of the interior of spain , in the meseta , has actually more extreme temperatures and winters can be quite cold . 
  not as cold as germany , but definitely colder than in areas of the peninsula with more climactic inffluence from the sea like most of portugal . 
  now it 's 10 \u00b0 c where i live , but at this time of the day and years the usual is around 3 \u00b0 c. 
  but , yeah , it does n't usually snow in most of spain . 
  it 's both sunny and cold . 
  yeah , well , if you define anti semitism as believing in stereotypes and not defending zionism , of course half of europe is anti semitic . 
  if i say that germans are cold-hearted or that belgians do n't have an historical base to justify having an own state no one is gon na accuse me of being a racist neonazi , but if i say the same about israel i am ? 
  ps : that belgium thing was a silly example . 
  belgian nationalism does have a historical basis . 
  spain 1 .
