  [ la isla m\u00ednima ] ( https://youtu.be/8fpk3lnc638 ) it 's a detective drama about the investigation of the dissaparition of two teenagers in a little andalusian village in the 1970s . 
  the plot is good , the photography is excellent abd it portraits how backwards was rural spain in the 70s , in the time of the political transition from franco 's dictatorship to today 's democracy . 
  the two main characters are a progressive and a francoist inspectors , that show the ideological clash of the time . 
  if you want something more light than represent today 's spain , maybe you should watch ocho apellidos vascos ( eight basque last names ) . 
  it 's a romantic comedy about the love story of a basque woman and an andalusian man . 
  it shows the cultural differences between the country 's regions and a lot of basque and andalusian stereotypes . 
  personally , i do n't like it 's exaggerated humour , and maybe you do n't understand a lot of the jokes , though . 
  the us without doubt . 
  politics apart , most people do n't know much about russia in my country and we do n't really have many things in common . 
  us entertainment industry is all over the place , english is the first foreign language we learn and american social values are more similar to ours . 
  in my country , as opposed to the majority of europe , the populist movement is leftist and progressive . 
  futhermore , i do n't think it has much future because its main party ( podemos ) has a lot of internal divisions ( between moderates social democrats and more radical socialists ) and their image is worsening every day . 
  they still have a lot of strength among the youth , though , and i personally like some of the proposals ( mainly those about social rights and environmentalist policies ) . 
  but , yeah , we do n't have anything like the ukip or front nationale . 
  and about the far right rise , it 's really scary and i hope they do n't reach the presidency of any country . 
  yoga is fairly popular as a way of excersising and relaxing , specially among middle age women . 
  yeah they are in every complete bathroom in spain, 
  cow policies or politics ? 
  and what exactly is that ? 
  they 've historically been outcasts because they arrived in europe as a people with a significantly different culture and way of living ( they were nomads ) in the 15th and 16th centuries , a time of widespread social and legal intolerance against ethnical and religious minorities . 
  they rapidly became a marginalised minority and , as many marginalised minorities , they turned to illicit activities to survive . 
  they 've traditionally lived of circus , carnivals and music , but also of scam , bribery , theft and more recently drugs and prostitution . 
  of course , not all romani are criminals and outcasts , but those who are n't are the ones that have gotten out of their ghettos and most people do n't know whether they are romani or not . 
  as a curious fact , they 're a big part of the romanticist myths and stereotypes of my country , spain . 
  andalusian romani ( gitanos ) are the creators of flamenco music , many famous bullfighters were gitanos and many novels and operas set in spain written in the 19th century by english , french , italian and germans authors are about gitanos ( most notably the opera carmen , by bizet ) . 
  what i 'm saying is that it does n't make any sense that that kind of things are democratically voted . 
  i agree with you . 
  i think they are precisely saying that this should n't ve democratically voted . 
  honestly it does n't make any sense . 
  well , europe is a cultural and political concept . 
  europe it 's technically part of the continent of eurasia . 
  thy need to work to earn money to pay the classes . 
  and to work they need to be accepted . 
  so , what are you suggesting ? 
  deporting all the non european immigrants to their respective countries ? 
  it 's not too late . 
  we just have to actually work to integrate the isolated minorities , something that has n't really been done . 
  why do n't the others deserve it ? 
  wtf . 
  middle eastern refugees deserve asylum , although it 's true that the situation has been managed horribly . 
  yeah , the `` powers '' is very interested in banning your account . 
  sure . 
  i know that , but it 's been more than a century since that and the austria-hungarian empire does no longer exist, 
  i still do n't understand why austria does n't join the german federation in the first place . 
  they 're culturally and ethnically germans , after all . 
  if germans are poor people , most of europe must be third world by swiss standards, 
  well , spain was an ultracatholic dictatorship until the 70s, 
  well , yes , the proportion is getting bigger globally because the catholic countries in latin america and africa have a huge population growth rate compared to the decreasing population in developed countries . 
  but in more developed secularised countries , it 's losing followers . 
  who said you should cancel easter and christmas ? 
  i could understand the easter part because is fully religious , but christmas is n't really religious anymore and everyone celebrates it because is part of european traditions . 
  did n't know that third world countries had planned urbanism ... 
  next to the sidewalks ? 
  nice , not marseille . 
  i do n't think right now is a good time for a referendum because it seems that you only have two options ( independence or staying like we are ) and the political and economical situation is influencing a debate that should be about national identity and how the catalan state would be created alone . 
  catalanism has gained a lot of strength because of the political and economical situation . 
  many catalans do n't want to be part of the spain of corruption , political conflicts and bad economical and social policies . 
  a lot of spaniards do n't want to be part of it as well , but catalans have found a `` refuge '' in catalonia 's long history of regionalism and nationalism . 
  that and the obvious disagreement that there has been in catalonia with the territorial administration they created in the transici\u00f3n . 
  so , yeah , i think we should wait a bit till the political and economical scenes get calmed down and then we can start a rational debate and a political campaign before the referendum . 
  but in order to do that , ciudadanos and pp have to realize that their refusal of change and negotiations is more harmful than helpful . 
  i 'm quite pessimistic about that , though, 
  that , as well as many other things , was starting to change in the ii republic . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the autonomic system of the republic would have eventually lead to federalism . 
  but the reactionary sectors of society had to messed it up just like they had always did since the early 19th century . 
  i hope things are done better in the next . 
  there have to be negotiations and there has to be a solid third choice for catalans , a federalism that seems viable and real , not the . 
  and you also need a referendum , but i do n't think right now is the proper moment . 
  i 'd say that most of those people do n't really know or understand the concept of nation . 
  they just think nation is the same as sovereign state . 
  decades of building an artificial image of spain as a culturally unified country in the mentality of spaniards has done a lot of harm . 
  the italians that come to my university are from florence and milan , though . 
  not really . 
  there are tons of french and english in my university as well . 
  and in other bigger universities there are people from all over europe . 
  how do you exactly defend a religious heritage if it is n't through their values ? 
  i honestly do n't see what there is to defend . 
  christianity is dropping and losing influence in western europe because of the secular and liberal values , not because of islam . 
   i personally think it is, 
  tell that to the italian students that flood our universities and are always looking for spanish girls to bang with , 
  that 's because you 're only taking into account the city itself , not the metropolitan area , which are much bigger in the us . 
  but , by european standards , barcelona is a big city . 
  well , it is n't a country yet . 
  whether is a nation is up to discussion . 
  i personally think it is . 
  as well as i think spain is a multinational state . 
  but , well , many of my fellow spaniards do n't agree with me and that 's why a lot of catalans like you demmand independence . 
  if only things have been done better since 1975 ... 
  that 's because you 're pissed because we see italian guys as dicks and playboys that flirt with everything that has a pair of boops . 
  most of the values that have made france the country it 's is right now we 're built * despite * it 's religious heritage . 
  you ca n't defend religious values and liberal values at the same time . 
  polls are n't fully accurate , but they do give an idea of the society 's opinions if they 're conducted properly . 
  and , well , sorry if i offend you , but a country where someone like erdogan has such a high acceptance ca n't be very progressive . 
  the catalan elite also declared independence in the catalan civil war in the 15th century , but that does n't mean that the cause of the conflict was a pro-independence sentiment . 
  nationalism was n't developed in that time and catalan identity was n't that established . 
  although it 's a clear sign of what would eventually end up happening in the next centuries due to the formation of spain as a nation-state around castile , instead of creating a multinational state . 
  i guess that , because if your flair , your are a catalan nationalist yourself . 
  i , as a courious spaniard , have some questions about catalanism , but i do n't want to fill this thread of something that is n't that related to the topic . 
  so , do you mind if i send you a pm ? 
  they are more relevant and objective than opinions and personal perceptions .
