quite a large part of the economy of gibraltar is based on cigarettes smuggling . 
  i think they do care about that . 
  they wo n't veto the deal , though . 
  the position of the spanish government about brexit is similar to what other european governments and the eu institutions have already said . 
  to be fair most people ( including me ) could n't care less about gibraltar . 
  what bothers many people about gibraltar is the cigarettes smuggling and the constant and tedious fight over which waters belong to whom . 
  our governments have had centuries to agree with the later and they have n't done it yet . 
  come one . 
  european countries tend to be safer than the us but there are definitely bad neighbourhoods in every city with a considerable size, 
  and that precisely makes english the * de facto * lingua franca, 
  are you sure ? 
  the british empire was way bigger and more politically influential than the french one . 
  when the us took the uk 's place as the first world power , english was already the world 's lingua franca , although not as extended as today because nowadays education is more widespread, 
  that 's why the same thing happens in spain . 
  the uk is smaller and they controlled a larger empire, 
  the ancient macedonians are n't the same as the current macedonians , though . 
  they were definitely more greek than anything else . 
  he can do with his property as he please unless it goes against the law . 
  and this goes against the law . 
  if he ca n't stand the smell of curry , he can ban curry or people who smell like curry , but he ca n't ban * all coloured people * . 
  what about the fundamental human right of receiving the same treatment as the rest of the people regardless of your race , religion , nationality , ethnical origin , sexual orientation and gender identity ? 
  what arrogant demands are they making ? 
  i mean , i 'd love to study my whole degree abroad , but not everyone can afford it . 
  a lot of spaniards have similar thoughts . 
  but there are many people who have an inferiority complex as well . 
  i guess that 's because spain is the first major european power that lost its power and we 've been comparing ourselves to the rest of europe ever since . 
  they are n't `` psychos '' . 
  they 're extremists . 
  the rest of the world is putting their own radical islamists in jail, 
  why are islamist extremists being put in psychiatric hospitals instead of jails ? 
  if the arrests are related to a islamic extremist organisation , the authorities will surely be able to prosecute them for terrorism or apology for terrorism without the need to put them in mental asylums . 
  and why are you bringing up ukraine ? 
  we 're not talking about ukraine . 
  i mean , it probably has more to do with the way russia has always been ruled : authoritarianism . 
  they went from imperialist absolute monarchy to imperialist communist dictatorship without any previous experience of liberalism ( and therefore collective and individual freedoms , multi-party parliament , etc ) . 
  communism was n't supposed to happen in a country like russia and marx and engels a totalitarian and oppressive regime . 
  and as russia was the first country where the revolution succeded , it became a very horrible example for other countries . . not saying that communism is the best system in the world , just that it does n't necessarily have to be authoritarian . 
  eurocommunists and 21st communists support multi-party democracies and at least in my country they 're the strongest defendants of freedoms . 
  portugal , confirmed spanish economical satellite . 
  coming soon : second iberian union . 
  and this time without nosy english !, 
  well , as far as i know only germany is germany within the eu . 
  except for austria ( mountains ' germany ) and the netherlands ( swamps ' germany ) . 
  90 % of the money ? 
  lol . 
  germany is the biggest economy and the biggest manufacturer in the eu . 
  of course it is the largest trade partner of many of the members , just like france , the uk , italy and the netherlands are in many tops 5 as well . 
  do you realise that this map only shows the trade partner with a higher percentage of trade , right ? 
  meaning that germany may be the source of only ~ 10 % of the imports of many of those countries . 
  and france , the uk , the netherlands and italy , the other biggest manufacturers of the union , are most likely the second or third main sources of imports for most of the eu . 
  this map only shows something we already know : germany has the biggest industry and economy of the eu . 
  should germany sell the same percentage if goods to my country as , for example , latvia ? 
  where did you get the idea that germany buys nothing in return ? 
  do you have sources to back that ? 
  and it 's quite funny that you , being french , are saying that when , as i said before , you 're in the top 5 of exporters of the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure that olive oil , wine and * jam\u00f3n serrano * are manufactured products and have `` made in spain '' tags when they 're sold abroad . 
  i mean , i 'm talking about oil , wine and cured ham , not about olives , grapes and pork meat . 
  what really hurts is where we are when the media is always saying how famous and appreciated are some of our products . 
  mainly food : olive oil , rioja and ribera wines , * jam\u00f3n * , fruit , etc. 
  kind of weird that op only talks about the modern history of the country when many realms and peoples established in the island before the british : romans , byzantines , arabs , normans and sicilians , aragonese and finally british . 
  that has originated a very particular culture that explains why the maltese have formed their own nation and have an own language instead of , for example , joining italy and speaking italian . 
  on the other hand , it 'd be really good for the environment, 
  here in spain eta did target civilians , so we know what real fear to terrorism is like . 
  why did i get downvoted ? 
  i did n't say anything false lol . 
  france 's parti socialiste , spain 's partido socialista obrero espa\u00f1ol , the old partito socialista italiano , ac\u00e7\u00e3o socialista portuguesa ( the origin of today 's partido socialista ) ... were all marxist parties in their origin but move to social democracy in the second half of the 20th century . 
  they kept their names and people still use the words `` socialist '' to talk about them even if the correct term would be social democrats . 
  i really hope they do . 
  homosexuality is widely accepted in germany and it 's such a pity that they have n't allowed same sex marriage yet because the government has kept being a stubborn centre-right led coalition while the rest of western europe was legalising it . 
  most european social democrat parties are still called socialist because that 's their original name ( and ideology ) . 
  would the social democrats try to legalise same sex marriage ? 
  he started his fortune with clothing , but it 's the other sectors he had invested on what has made him one of the richest people on earth, 
  you ca n't buy anything from gucci for 20 $ in europe, 
  girona is such a beautiful city . 
  we 've been predicted this for decades and no one has done anything significant to change it . 
  same thing with climate change . 
  there 's no need for the developing world to follow . 
  the 20 % of the population ( basically from the developed countries ) consumes around 80 % of the resources . 
  but canada has always had a low population density . 
  losing population is terrible for any country . 
  and remember that we have welfare states and we need people working to sustain them . 
  less newborns while life expectancy keeps crowing each year means less young people who will be able to work in the future and more old people depending on the state because of pensions and healthcare . 
  in countries like portugal and spain , the welfare state will only last one generation more unless things change . 
  as far as i know , there are tons of migrants from brazil and the old portuguese african colonies , but with the crisis many of them ( most likely brazilian ) have come back to their countries and not so many people migrates there . 
  the same thing happens here in spain with hispanic americans , moroccoans and romanians . 
  reddit is relatively anonymous and considering the low level of english in turkey , i do n't think it can be very mainstream . 
  i guess they meant that it 's dangerous to post critics against the government with your public account in facebook or twitter . 
  yes , you do n't know what i meant . 
  crusades started in the 11th century . 
  muslims had already conquered the eastern mediterranean , all of north africa and iberia by the beginning of the 8th century . 
  you do n't need to tell me my own history . 
  if the crusades had simply been reactions to the conquests of islam , they would have started way earlier . 
  most people also hate them in spain but there would be an outrage if they banned them for not respecting the catholic morality . 
  that would be some serious francoist shit . 
  a conquest that had happened three centuries ago , you mean ? 
  we need to be capable of being military independent in order to have full control of our diplomacy , though . 
  otherwise , we 'll have to keep depending on the us ' interests . 
  greece ca n't really afford not spending that much money on military , though . 
  turkey is constantly pressuring greece and they 're still occupying half of cyprus . 
  muslims may be significantly more conservative than us , but that does n't mean that they beat their wives,
