  now it is n't that cold anymore . 
  usually we would have around or bellow 0 \u00b0 c but these last years it 's more around 5-10 \u00b0 c. 
  today it 's 12 \u00b0 c here in valladolid . 
  the only possibility you guys have for a referendum is if enough congressmen agreed to reform the constitution , something that is n't going to happen because ciudadanos and pp will always refuse i 'm afraid this can only get worse . 
  the funniest thing is that the unionist nationalists claim that precisely because we are a democracy all spaniards should vote on the independence of catalonia because in a democracy the will of the majority of the society is what should prevail . 
  which is stupid because it shows that they do n't understand or do n't want to understand what is self determination . 
  but it is n't surprising as they do n't understand what a nation is and that spain is a multinational country according ti any definition . 
  so he 's saying . 
  please facebook remove from your website content that is spreading lies and slanders against me . 
  if someone did something similar to any of us , we would also want facebook to delete it because it can gravely hurt our social and professional life . 
  slandering is a crime and it should always be censored . 
  exactly . 
  he 's not underage so his application would n't have any preference . 
  that and fixing the problem of not having a real democracy and illegally occupying west sahara, 
  the greens here merged with podemos, 
  well , it 's winter . 
  and our winters are like northern european springs, 
  was n't it some kind of satellite state ? 
  rejecting refugees is against international treaties that i 'm sure denmark , poland , hungary and finland have signed . 
  spain has never been an influential power by itself in the eu . 
  we have always followed france and germany . 
  adoption is n't a right by itself , but being able to adopt children regardless of your sexual orientation is a right . 
  did you just assume france 's gender ? 
  try to tell that to the pp , who apparently does n't think that going renewable and become energetically independent is a good idea and has reversed many of the policies of the previous psoe government . 
  spain used to be in the lead of renewable energy for a couple of years . 
  if there are already regions within countries that do n't like giving money to other poorer regions ( ahem , catalonia , lombardia and flanders , ahem ) , imagine the reaction and the political problems it could cause if that happened among countries, 
  i thought france was our biggest enemy, 
  castile and le\u00f3n actually produces more energy than it consumes and most of it is renewable . 
  mainly hydroelectric and wind power . 
  portuguese understand us perfectly fine but we ca n't get anything that they say . 
  firstly , because portuguese are way more exposed to spanish due to tourists , not dubbed films and tv series and migration . 
  and secondly , because portuguese has much more sounds than spanish and , even though both languages are really similar when written , they sound very different . 
  maybe they get more brazilian tourists than portuguese . 
  because otherwise it 's kinda stupid . 
  that 's probably because the us is the main country where spanish is studied as the second language , so many textbooks are designed for americans . 
  the main sources of colonisers were andalusia , extremadura and canarias and their dialects are the most similar to the american ones . 
  and when spanish has a mexican flag, 
  because many people ca n't conceive that turkey can ever become a muslim european-like country if someone like erdogan keeps being democratically elected . 
  and i ca n't either . 
  you ca n't pretend that europeans accept you as an equal if a majority of the turkish society prefers to be the opposite of european . 
  turkey has been a democratic country for decades and yet the debate between secularism and islamism is still going on . 
  i 'm afraid people ca n't take your intentions seriously . 
  i 'm sure that nobody would have a problem about turkey joining the eu if a clear majority of the society was liberal and secular . 
  so , if you want to be part of the eu , fight for reforms , for the modernisation of your country and you 'll see how things change . 
  and you should also take into account that this subreddit is a bit centre-right aligned , so it is n't really representative of the opinions of all the europeans . 
  that 's why galicia and castile and leon ( north west ) are the third and fourth communities that receive more money and madrid proportionally gives the double of money than catalonia . 
  sure . 
  catalan speaking territories , madrid , navarra and the basque country are the richest regions . 
  navarra and the basque country do n't contribute more than they receive because they have fiscal privileges called * fueros * that date back to the middle ages . 
  and they refuse to give up on them . 
  and besides all of that , catalan separatist parties exaggerate the data to defend their agenda and the other catalan speaking regions do n't have a strong separatism . 
  we are not forcing you to islamism . 
  but we ca n't accept you unless you completely give up islamism . 
  the eu will never accept a country with the little freedom of press and protests , the increasingly authoritarian government and the political instability of turkey . 
  if that changes , the eu will change its attitude towards turkey . 
  but if people like erdogan keeps winning elections , i 'm afraid you are the ones condemning themselves to islamism . 
  the difference is that ceuta and melilla are integral parts of spain , while gibraltar has the same legal status as other british colonies . 
  it 's an overseas territory . 
  it belongs to the uk but it is n't part of the uk . 
  anyways , we live in a democratic world . 
  neither the people living in ceuta and melilla want to be part of morocco nor the ones living in gibraltar want to be part of spain , so this does n't matter at all . 
  the only real problem that spain ha s with britain about gibraltar are cigarettes smuggling and conflicts over the definition of spanish and gibraltar waters . 
  only nationalist conservatives worry about getting back gibraltar . 
  most guiris are like that , though , wherever they come from . 
  both of my parents were children when the dictatorship ended . 
  and in 1981 we had the failed coup d'\u00e9tat that pretended to restore the dictatorship . 
  it 's crazy how our country has changed so much in so little time . 
  nowadays people barely go to church and we 're one of the most gay friendly countries in the world . 
  if franco woke up , he would pass out again after seeing what his dear ultracatholic spain has become . 
  even if there are many people with very conservative and nationalist views , they vote pp , not an actual far right party . 
  new netherlands did n't exist when the netherlands were part of the glorious hispanic monarchy . 
  so , can we have our 3/4 of the americas yet and use nationalism casus belli to conquer portugal , the french basque country and french catalonia ? 
  forget about belgium . 
  make ** burgundy ** great again . 
  what is a briton doing here so late ? 
  do n't you guys wake up in like three and a half hours ? 
  ps : i 'm staying late because i do n't have class tomorrow . 
  we spaniards go to bed late but we 're not that hardcore lol, 
  wait is voting electronically something usual ? 
  in spain we vote with paper ballots and they are all counted by hand , theoretically to avoid electoral fraud, 
  i 'm leftist and many of my ideas are n't precisely centre-left . 
  and still , my country 's leftist parties piss me off as much as the right winged ones . 
  r/europe is clearly centrist/moderate and i honestly appreciate it . 
  it offers me a fresh view of many controversial topic without falling as easily as other subs in extremism and insults . 
  why exactly am i not in the same level as you ? 
  are you justifying discrimination ? 
  yes , we have a higher rate of stds because there are many uninformed people who are n't conscious of the dangers of sex without condom and think it is n't necessary because homosexual unsafe sex ca n't obviously cause undesired pregnancies . 
  so what if we do n't contribute to the birth rate ? 
  what really harms the demographics of a country is straight couples not having enough children to sustain the population . 
  the higher rate of paedophilia has always been a myth used to justify discrimination against us . 
  i 've read many studies about the topic and i 've seen as many supporting that statement as denying it . 
  and usually those that supported were done by some christian fundamentalist organisation who also happens to support `` conversion '' therapies that haven been proven to be incredibly psychologically harmful and not effective at all . 
  and if there are twins that have been raised in the same house , in the same atmosphere , and have had in general really similar lifes during their childhood an teenage , when sexuality develops , how is it possible for them to have different sexual orientations if sexual orientation is caused by the environment ? 
  we are a small percentage of the society . 
  we do n't affect your life at all . 
  why are you so keen on getting rid of us ? 
  and , well , just so you know , just because i 'm homosexual it does n't mean that i 'm a really thirsty guy who simply likes to have sex with other men . 
  that explains why there are so many italian restaurants in brussels and why waters spoke to me in a very weird mix of spanish and italian trying to convince me to go to their restaurants . 
  catholics are also decreasing in europe . 
  christianity in general is falling in the most developed countries except south korea .
