  probably from the donald , a sub that he frequents . 
  you mean like the culture from the rest of the world ? 
  why are the central powers so mechanic and the rest so organic ? 
  that 's actually a bullfighter , not a warrior, 
  i wonder if he 's doing that to try to convince people of his own ideas or if he 's just paid to post such things \u00e0 la putin . 
  i 'm surprised we are n't higher , though . 
  is n't bread counted as cereal consumption ? 
  because we eat bread with literally everything . 
  til than warsaw has a better skyline than madrid . 
  come one , madrid , you 're the 6th largest city in europe ( 3rd in the eu ) , you can do better !, 
  you confused galicians do some weird shit in carnival, 
  i ca n't speak swedish so i do n't even know what that article is saying . 
  but again , i 'd like to see the pisa results of immigrants or immigrants ' kids from other developing countries . 
  no , what i 'm saying is that democracy is cool only as long as it respects whatever constitution it follows . 
  any democratic constitution says that all adult citizens have the same rights . 
  if a heterosexual couple has the right to marry , then a same sex couple should have it as well . 
  i do n't think it has that much to do with retirement . 
  the mediterranean area has had bigger towns and cities for centuries . 
  the shores historically developed more because of trade ( specially the south because of the american colonies ) while the interior ( except madrid and a couple of cities like valladolid or zaragoza ) became very rural . 
  the industrialisation in the 19th century did n't really help , because the major centres of industry were mainly the basque country and catalonia and secondly madrid and valencia ( and some smaller exceptions like valladolid once again ) . 
  during the 20th century , madrid 's industry grew more , the tourism boom happened and the rural exodus increased . 
  in the late decades only immigration stopped the decrease of population of the capitals of the inner regions , but the economical crisis happened and spain stopped being a desired destination for migrants . 
  villages and town have a very old population because the young people keep fleeing to big cities to study and to look for job opportunities ( before 2008 because of ambition , nowadays because of the high unemployment ) . 
  catholicism ftw ? 
  i do n't think the immigrants from mongolia or vietnam are more skilled, 
  what about equal civil rights ? 
  nobody should be able to decide on whether the government can or can not discriminate a minority . 
  if people voted to set up apartheid in a certain country , it would n't be less wrong just because people chose it democratically . 
  although i agree that this kind of things should arrive when the society is prepared to accept it, 
  my professors say the same thing lol, 
  nope . 
  in spanish it 's olivenza . 
  the building of the seat of the eu in brussels is called `` charlemagne building '' because he 's considered to be the first person who tried to politically unite all the european peoples . 
  for the moment , spain and portugal are getting warmer and we 're heading to desertification of large areas of land . 
  they should also demolish all the shitty brick and concrete buildings built during franco 's dictatorship to house the masses of farmers flooding the cities in the late industrialisation . 
  many of them have a lot of structural problems and very old installations . 
  my faculty is the same . 
  it 's fucking horrible . 
  and it 's the architecture school , which is kinda ironic . 
  other faculties have nice modern buildings , but ours is just aesthetically and functionally horrible . 
  it was a rethorical question, 
  why are you people so obsessed with ethnical purity ... 
  spain as well . 
  this cartoon and the one about anatomy w ere really famous and i loved them . 
  very educative and entertainment . 
  i have all the vhs . 
  they also had a series of books . 
  i remember that in the one they talked about the american civil war and the illegalisation of slavery , it said that the current american society still needed decades to fully accept black people and that maybe in the near future we could see a black president of the us . 
  time has passed really fast . 
  i did n't say anything about felipe but about the royal family in general . 
  i have no complain about felipe . 
  so far he 's done a good job . 
  specially mediating with the political parties in the negotiations after the two consecutive elections . 
  this topic is n't resurfing to undermine his image lol . 
  it 's resurfing because yesterday they released the court 's sentence about the noos case . 
  we republicans do n't need to undermine his image we just have to wait till the young generation becomes the generation in power . 
  i 'm pretty sure the economical crisis and the hard policies they 've had to take , that are seen as eu impositions by many greeks , can explain why they do n't trust the west . 
  yeah , i wonder why turkey keeps pressuring greece when they present no threat to them . 
  which western powers are threatening turkey ? 
  are n't we military allies ? 
  why keep reactivating tensions with greece ? 
  and why do you talk about balkanic and middle eastern nationalisms ? 
  we 're talking about modern turkey here , not the ottoman empire ... 
  was n't having more control over immigration from eastern europe one of they reasons many people voted to leave ? 
  they rejected the migration policies in the eu that allowed citizens from other eu member countries migrate to the uk so easily . 
  salinaas says that because both the current king and the previous one had stated many times that they are very worried about the well-being of the spanish citizens and it 's kinda ironical . 
  that 's why there was also a big scandal when we learnt that the old king had an accident while hunting elephants in a private trip to botswana or that he had used public money to reform a mansion in the estate of the zarzuela palace ( private royal residence ) for his alleged lover . 
  the thing is that she was benefitting from her husband 's tax evasion . 
  who does n't know how finances go in your own house ? 
  and who can believe that a man with barely no academical formation can hide tax evasion and fraud from someone that has studied economics ? 
  and not only that , but she does n't seem to be mad with her husband for having caused all of that . 
  i 'm republican and i do n't consider it an important issue right now . 
  and , well , all current european monarchies survive because of sentimentalism and a fetish with non sensical traditions rather than because of rational thinking ... 
  why making the question when the society is n't asking for change ? 
  do you just want a referendum so you can have an excuse not to ask again for decades ? 
  nowadays it is n't really worth it to make a referendum . 
  there are n't enough people advocating for a republic and a large part of the society does n't care . 
  maybe in some years because most of the young people are republican , but for the moment i do n't think that 's happening . 
  republic vs monarchy aside , neither the consort nor the infantes should get a salary . 
  even if the monarchy is more expensive in , for example , the netherlands or the uk , that does n't mean that they are n't overpaid . 
  similarly , i would n't expect the president of a possible 3rd republic to get salaries as high as the presidents of france or germany . 
  edit : typos, 
  she has already paid it . 
  imagine what a burden was for her to pay it lol, 
  they probably remember better than the youth when the fn did n't disguise itself as something they are n't, 
  fried food ? 
  engine grade oil ? 
  it 's not our problem if you have only been to shitty chiringuitos . 
  weird . 
  i live in valladolid , which is more or less near and a bigger city and i see them often . 
  spain is different, 
  most young european immigrants in north western europe are skilled and qualified people from southern or eastern europe that do n't have many professional opportunities back home . 
  portugal is really beautiful . 
  it 's also a cheap destination and the locals are super friendly and helpful . 
  i feel bad whenever i go to portugal because everyone understands me in spanish and tries to help me but i barely understand them . 
  and the food is amazing . 
  not as amazing as spanish food , of course , but amazing indeed . 
  really ? 
  where do you live ? 
  i see sparrows every day .
