  at least your politicians * try * . 
  really ? 
  how can they do n't have a complete and detailed programme ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that everything would be detailed in the electoral programme, 
  i wish spanish politicians could speak half of the english this man does . 
  and energetic independence should be a priority also because of this ( among other reasons ) . 
  we have to be able to freely cut all ties with them . 
  if we do n't need their oil , they ca n't blackmail us with anything . 
  i would n't say los serrano was a soap opera but a family tv series . 
  wow . 
  i did n't know los serrano reached that far . 
  we were at his home , the mother already told her that he was n't watching cartoons and going to the park or something like that ( and he received that punishments ) and it did n't work out . 
  that 's why i 'm saying that a spank should only be a last resource in extreme cases . 
  and nobody should get charged for child abuse because of that particular case . 
  i 'm surprised that anyone outside spain knows any spanish soap opera lol, 
  well , there are slaps and * slaps * . 
  i 'm not saying that you should slap or spank a kid at the moment they misbehave , nor that you have to give the kind of slap that leaves a mark . 
  violence is of course , not the proper way of educating or lecturing a child . 
  but a spank in a particular moment when the child does n't want to listen , when you 've already tried to talk tk him and the kid is breaking stuff and/or hitting people ( other kids or other adults ) , is n't abuse . 
  it 's not meant to punish him or to hurting him , but to make them stop . 
  and once they stop then you can lecture how you should lecture a child : talking . 
  i think i do n't have to say that in most cases , children are well educated and you wo n't need to reach that extremes . 
  by spanish soap operas you mean actual spanish soap operas or latin american soap operas ? 
  because people tend tk mix them . 
  scapegoating has always been a political strategy . 
  and nowadays we see it in all the political spectrum . 
  blame the eu , blame the russians , blame immigrants , blame this or that politician ... 
  a slap in the face is n't child abuse . 
  i 've received a couple of slaps when i was being completely irrational and out of control as a little child . 
  basically to make me stop . 
  i never thought of that as child abuse at all . 
  of course , there should always be limits and some parents ca n't stand anything and spank or slap their children at the slightest problem . 
  but that would be really hard to legislate imo so i kinda understand why they directly ban everything . 
  i mean , it is n't like if you slap your kid once you 're going to jail . 
  nope , i 'm not communist . 
  i 'm social democrat . 
  i have nothing against rich people . 
  you know , republican = / = communist/anarchist/whatever yoh thought i am . 
  i was just saying that we also have to take into account that having more rich people elevates the average salary . 
  we also have more rich people and more social inequality than slovenia . 
  we also have more money to fund that . 
  and we should ban foundings of religious associations and mosques from saudi arabia to prevent them from spreading their extremist salafism . 
  that 's nominal gdp . 
  gdp ppp ( purchasing power parity ) is said to be a better measure of a country ( or group of countries ) economy . 
  in the lists of gdp ppp the eu is slightly higher than the us edit : skipped a dot, 
  very beautiful but very expensive country . 
  great landscapes , picturesque old cities and delicious chocolate ( but not better than belgium 's ) . 
  politically is known to be the only modern country that has a direct ( or almost direct ) democracy and its neutrality , despite its bellicose past . 
  i honestly do n't understand why people rejected his proposals . 
  do n't italians want more political stability ? 
  blaming the eu for something that depends on many external factors and the competence or incompetence of our own governments is basically scapegoating . 
  will they ? 
  i 'm not that sure . 
  i mean , old windmills are part of the landscape of many european rural regions . 
  and we actually see them as picturesque . 
  exactly . 
  and we should try to inffluence that . 
  it 's in our own benefit . 
  i read a while ago that france had deals with some moroccan islamic associations to train french imans and spread a more moderate movement within islam . 
  i do n't know if that was true or how things have been going but we should definitely work on that . 
  and banning the founding of european mosques and islam shools by radical associations ( many of whom are related to saudi arabia ) should also be considered . 
  our politicians have been trying that in the last 15 years and it seems it did n't work out as well . 
  it 's fucking crazy the amount of fires we 've gotten last summers . 
  each year there are more . 
  the worst thing is that , even though droughts and abnormally hot summers worsen their effects , most fires are caused by either pyromaniacs or accidents , that is , most of then are avoidable . 
  we have [ this ] ( https://www.tienda.lacasa.es/468-pos_thickbox/conguitos-24-uds-20-g.jpg ) snack called `` conguitos '' ( `` little congolese '' ) whose logo was , as you can see , a caricature of a black person . 
  this kind of caricatures with exaggerated `` black '' features were very common in the past to ridicule black people and make them look more primitive . 
  similar to those black helpers of sinterklaas . 
  recently the company aknowledged that their image was indeed a racist caricature and changed it to a more abstract being that represents the snack itself instead of a black person ( although they kept the name because the brand is specifically known by conguitos ) . 
  many people thought that it was stupid because the previous image was n't racist at all . 
  so , yeah , i kinda feel you . 
  we should also be triggered by this . 
  nobody insults our riojas and riberas !, 
  would n't that be because the slavs that migrated to southern europe mixed with the natives , that had the typical mediterranean look ( dark hair , dark eyed , white but darker skin , etc. ) ? 
  kinda like how turks mixed with greek and middle eastern people and look little like other turkic people . 
  are n't south slavs an ethnical and cultural division of the broader group of slavs ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  can any dutch explain me the sinterklaas is racist thing ? 
  is n't he just ducth santa claus ? 
  i do n't know why you have been downvoted when it 's true . 
  spanish nuclear plants are old , inefficient and not nearly as safe as every other modern nuclear plant . 
  wether or not we should build more is other thing , but the ones we already have are going to keep being shut down in the next years . 
  there is a historical link between fascism and the church everywhere to be honest, 
  only parents who want their children to be christian baptise them here . 
  de jure means `` according to the law '' and nothing else . 
  de fact means what actually happens . 
  in the context we 're talking about , a region can be de facto an independent country without being legally recognised as such . 
  a modern day example is kosovo or even the state established by the isis . 
  there was such things as legally vassals that were actually independent or quasi independent in the late middle ages . 
  i 've already talked about three examples . 
  there are many more , like the italian city states , formally part of the kingdom of italy of the hre . 
  or the plantagenet kings of england , who were supposedly vassals of the king of france as dukes of normandy , anjou and aquitaine but were effectively independent . 
  it has to do with it . 
  you said that granada could n't be legally a vassal of castile while actually being independent at the same time . 
  and i gave other historical examples . 
  raising a child to be christian before they had fully developed their own rationality and consciousness is brainwashing them . 
  baptism does n't do that , but is the first step . 
  you indoctrinate someone by raising him as a christian without letting them grow and choose their religion when they are older . 
  i never said i was talking about the same age ... and precisely what i 'm saying is that under fernando iii , le\u00f3n did have its own political structure . 
  it was later when that disappeared .
