  but not with fernando iii . 
  i do n't think this sub has a bit progressive bias . 
  in general it 's quite moderate and even a bit centre right . 
  is it seriously that hard to understand the difference between legally , formally , * de jure * and actually , * de facto * ? 
  muscovy , granada and burgundy were in the practice sovereign independent states but were legally vassals of the golden horde , castile and france . 
  the three of them became independence because their overlords were weak , but that does n't change that * formally * they were their vassals . 
  yes , burgundy was france 's main rival , and one of the main reasons of that rivalry was that the kings of france were supposedly the lieges of the dukes of burgundy , but the latters did n't aknowledge the formers ' overlordship and have grown too big , inheriting other duchies that were part of both the kingdoms of france and the hre . 
  the dukes of burgundy wanted to be elevated to kings precisely to get rid of the legal ties they had with the kings of france . 
  and what are you even saying about calling spain castile ? 
  it is n't the same thing at all . 
  fernando iii can perfectly be called king of castile and le\u00f3n , just like the spanish habsburgs were kings of castile and aragon . 
  the kings after fernando iii unified castile and le\u00f3n politically and legally , becoming kings of castile , while keeping the titles of the le\u00f3n , galicia and the andalusian kingdoms as purely honourary titles . 
  but in the case of fernando iii , `` king of le\u00f3n '' was n't an honourary title at all . 
  the dukes of burgundy were formally vassals of the kings of france ... and the princes of muscovy were vassals of the golden horde , by the way . 
  and , yes , the name does make sense because castile and le\u00f3n were in a personal union under fernando iii . 
  it was later when their institutions and laws merged to form a single identity . 
  you just want to argue with me . 
  nope , it was n't only castile . 
  fernando iii inherited both the kingdom of castile and the kingdom of le\u00f3n and he was the responsible for its definite unification in what later started to be known as the crown of castile . 
  and , yes , you can be both a * de jure * vassal and a * de facto * sovereign ruler . 
  there are many cases in history , like what today 's historians call the `` burgundian state '' or '' \u00c9tat bourguigon '' . 
  i 'm not saying they were righfult muslim clay , what i 'm saying is that the christian feudal kingdoms didn \u00b4 t have any real claim of said lands . 
  what are you laughing about ? 
  i did n't say anything funny nor wrong ... 
  the king of granadda was * de jure * vassal of the castilian kings but * de facto * independent . 
  and fernando iii was king of castile and le\u00f3n ... 
  he was the one that made a deal with the first nasrid king . 
  oh , i thought that we were talking about the independence referendum , not the brexit, 
  actually iberian muslims were known for being * really * heterodox . 
  when the fundamentalist almoravids conquered al andalus , they were shocked by the way of living of the andalusian rulers . 
  they had outrageously luxury residences , loved wine and the homoerotic andalusian poetry leads to think that homosexual relations were accepted , at least by the aristocracy . 
  the narrative of the holy war against the infidels and the `` reconquest '' of visigoth lands was the excuse that christians to conquered lands that were n't theirs . 
  most of the visigoth lords surrendered to the muslims , kept their lands and married to the arab nobility , eventually converting to islam themselves . 
  tha northern christian lords had never owned that lands and had not legal basis to conquer them , so they claimed to be the heirs of the visigoth kingdom and used religion to justify their expansion . 
  the king of castile and le\u00f3n allowed granada to exist as his vassal in exchange for sevilla , c\u00f3rdoba and tributes . 
  scotland voted remain by a small margin , not overwhelmingly at all . 
  if scotland breaks off the uk , it would n't be a member of the eu and would have to initiate the process to join . 
  so it would n't really matter that the referendum was before brexit . 
  yeah , sure , trust one single poll from the daily mail . 
  i 'm sure is completely true and not biased at all , like everything they publish . 
  and , well , the us is n't in the eu and the conservatism of a big part of poland and hungary 's societies does n't change that poland and hungary are far from the inequality and violation of human rights of turkey . 
  and if a clear majority is secular , why does akp keep winning elections ? 
  i never said that . 
  of course we should n't adjust to the rest of the countries nor to the migrants . 
  and if they want to come , they have to accept our values . 
  if they do something against them , they 'll be confronted by the law . 
  what i 'm saying is that if you want to ban muslim countries to `` preserve our values '' , then you should agree with banning migrants from all the other ultraconservative countries . 
  not only muslims . 
  at least be coherent with your speech . 
  i think i should remind you that franco was in power until he died in the late 70s . 
  and most of the world os away from implementing liberal values . 
  but people only worry about muslim majority countries . 
  what about sub saharan africa , which is mostly christian ? 
  what about india ? 
  or south east asia ? 
  not even east asians are really progressive . 
  only the western countries are . 
  the rest did n't have liberal revolutions , secularisation and the social revolutions and the civil rights movements of the last half of the 20th century . 
  expecting very different societies to be just like the west all of a sudden is quite eurocentric . 
  it took us almost 3 centuries to become what we are and under very particular sociopolitical conditions . 
  we just ca n't expect everyone to become like us in a couple of decades . 
   catholics were n't so distant in ideology as muslims are , though . 
  tell that to the fascists that took over my country in the 30s claiming to be crusaders that were saving spain from atheists and laicists , established an ultracatholic totalitarian regime , jailed homosexuals , remove all the few political and legal rights that women had earned in the early 20th century , forced children to be baptized , made illegal the public expression of other religions and enforced censorship in the media and the editorials so no book , film or publication was against catholic morality . 
  nobody is saying that muslims should have a pass on being sexists , violents and homophobes . 
  i honestly have never heard that . 
  but there are people who can be muslim and neither of those things . 
  there are also non muslim people who can be all of those things . 
  you ca n't judge a person 's ideology by its religion . 
  many non muslim immigrants can be as intolerant as islamist muslims . 
   i expect that to take another five or six centuries , at this rate . 
  les than a century ago european christians were still killing because of religion . 
  muslim countries were starting to become more modern in the 20th century before the rise of radical islamism supported and funded by saudi arabia . 
  in the middle ages muslims were more progressive than christians in many senses . 
  nowadays christian africans and even the supposedly peaceful hindus can be as intolerant and extremist as most muslims . 
  this is n't only about religion . 
  it 's much more complicated . 
  historical , social , cultural , economical and political factors are involved . 
  and demonising islam as a religion by itself just because muslim countries have n't secularised and muslim believers become as progressive and open-minded as western christians is quite ignorant . 
  africa and most of asia is intolerant and very conservative by our standards and yet people are only focused in islam . 
  that 's because the king of le\u00f3n also held the title of king of galicia . 
  they have this saying `` asturias y cantabria , lo dem\u00e1s es tierra conquistada '' ( asturias and cantabria , the rest is conquered land ) . 
  yeah , but granada existed because we * wanted to * in the first place . 
  in spain it 's two kisses for women and handshake among men . 
  no women would reject a handshake but outside a professional or institutional context it would seem too distant and awkward . 
  however , do n't expect most men to accept two kisses unless they are a close relative, 
  i was joking about the possibility of morocco joining the eu ... 
  that seems like a really good idea and should definitely be brought to the european parliament, 
  yeah , that 's what the quotas are for . 
  we ca n't let all refugees go to just a couple of countries . 
  if a country refuses refugee quotas , then it would refuse refugees applications anyways . 
  then good luck finding a green party that is n't at the very least centre left in economy . 
  i guess your party would be cs , if you can trust someone who claims to be progressive but used to run for the eu elections and call unionist protests in catalonia alongside far right neofascist groups . 
  it would n't be impossible but it would be quite unethical in my opinion . 
  i 'm not saying that every country should open their borders to any refugee that wants to come , but rejecting war refugees is wrong . 
  the only way the refugees that have come to europe are n't accumulated in just a couple of countries , which i 'm sure you agree is a huge burden , is through quotas . 
  the other option is not letting then come to europe and expel the ones that are here , letting them become the problem of countries that have way less money and means to attend them . 
  which is what happens anyways , as most refugees are in middle eastern countries . 
  but you have signed treaties that forbid you from refusing shelter to war refugees . 
  that if you wanted to vote a green party , we used to have one that never got many votes nor attention and in the last elections it ran with podemos . 
  it used to be .
