  `` england '' , `` britain '' , `` united kingdom '' . 
  fuck it , just call it brittania already . 
  part of ireland is in the uk . 
  and if your film requires intimate knowledge of a location , then you 've made a film with an extremely narrow target audience . 
  why say `` americans might not get wales '' ? 
  do they expect africans , chinese , or indians to `` get '' wales ? 
  sounds to me they just have a shitty director/producer/writer / somebody . 
  the movie should portray all the necessary information . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_river_reversal  in the 1980s at least 12 of the arctic ocean-bound rivers were proposed to be redirected to the south . 
  at that time it was estimated that an additional freeze-up would occur to cut the brief northern growing season by two weeks if 37.8 billion extra cubic meters of water were returned annually to the european side of russia and 60 billion cubic meters in siberia . 
  the adverse effect of climatic cooling was greatly feared and contributed much to the opposition at that time , and the scheme was not taken up . 
  severe problems were feared from the thick ice expected to remain well past winter in the proposed reservoirs . 
  by delaying the spring thaw , it was feared , the prolonged freeze-up could cut the already brief northern growing season by two weeks . 
  it was also feared that the prolonged winter weather would cause an increase in spring winds and reduce vital rains . 
  more disturbing , some scientists cautioned that if the arctic ocean was not replenished by fresh water , it would get saltier and its freezing point would drop , the icecap would begin to melt , possibly starting a global warming trend . 
  other scientists feared that the opposite might occur : as the flow of warmer fresh water would be reduced , the polar ice might expand . 
  do n't worry . 
  russia can make the arctic both warmer and colder . 
  spying ... on what ? 
   `` the working methods of media in real time in this type of situation were tantamount to goading someone to commit a crime , '' mr klugman told afp thursday , roundly criticising coverage by other outlets of security forces movements during the standoff . 
  here in the us , i think that would be something like aiding and abetting , or accessory to murder ( had anything happened ) . 
  the closer you are to france , the less likely you are to fight ? 
  they actually bombed a train ? 
  that 's so stupid . 
  they could have blown up a bridge just before a train got there . 
  or derailed a train in a populated area . 
  both much more effective and easier . 
   a means to contain russia i do n't see how that 's unreasonable when russia is the largest country on earth , with a shitload of land that 's becoming more habitable with global warming . 
  they do n't need to expand . 
  no need to be a douche about it . 
   i know it 's asking a lot , but perhaps do n't shower me in down-votes for going against the flow and instead discuss this ? 
  why would n't i ? 
  you have n't made a single good point . 
   even kissinger said something to the effect of is 300 miles from moscow , except baltics . 
   it would be like the chinese taking over ottawa , usa would n't just let that slide if the chinese said , oh it 's nothing personal so you should n't be offended . 
  well , nato does n't `` take over '' anyone . 
  that 's russia . 
  they 're the annexors . 
  nations flock to nato because they want to . 
  no one is `` forced '' to join nato . 
  also , your analogy sucks . 
  maybe , if in your conquering scenario ( which again does n't really hold up ) the chinese already had the bahamas , bermuda , cuba , and a bunch of other places really close . 
   nato is inherently anti-russian nato exists because russia was a threat . 
  they are not inherently anti-russian . 
  in fact , they got along fine with russia when russia was n't annexing territory . 
  if anything , russia is inherently anti-nato . 
   and now russia is lashing out at it being encroached on russia has been `` lashing out '' since 2007 . 
  and your argument , again , sucks . 
  `` my neighbor built a shed , now my other neighbor is considering building a shed , so i 'm going to steal their house . 
  after i steal their car . 
  already stole a third neighbor 's car , that 'll teach them to think about building a shed . '', 
   when there was an ` understanding ' when the nukes were removed from ukraine after 91 ' that nato would n't expand to ukraine . 
  hahahahahahahahahahaha lol  look i like ukraine and i would like it to come to the eu , i think that would be the best improvement economically and socially for them , but to say that it 's not provoking to russia so they should n't be annoyed is rather presumptuous and frankly dangerous . 
  to use my house analogy , you had better not put a fence up around your property , or your neighbor will come beat you , possibly kill you , and steal your land . 
  so , downvote , mr. kgb shill . 
   is russia a greedy state ideologically driven to expand or a declining insecure superpower defending itself against nato ? 
  how about a `` greedy , declining , insecure state ideologically driven to expand '' ? 
  how about some outdoor urinals ? 
  just right there on the walls , out in public . 
  i am not a russian , but i am willing to say i am for the right amount of karma . 
   every day there 's an article on here about the eu talking about going after successful us companies to help local competition . 
  never seen such an article . 
  i would n't expect it to be so consistent . 
  it may be common in those regions , but not throughout the world . 
  interesting . 
  all the female stats are higher than the respective male stats . 
   which are very rare in the us and confuse the hell out of us drivers i do n't know which america you 're from , but i 've never seen a person confused by a roundabout . 
  what 's next , the triple double brexit dare ? 
  i am so confused . 
  dublin as in ireland ? 
  how are they related to austria in this ? 
  seems like nations have hit a wall in developing new fighters . 
  hypersonic missiles , missiles capable of evading counter-measures , missiles with stealth coating . 
  even if i could have a house , i would probably want one well out of town . 
  maybe something i build . 
  otherwise , i prefer flexibility . 
  it 's the closest thing . 
  operation unthinkable did n't have anything to do with nukes , from what i can see . 
  i think you mean plan totality . 
  operation unthinkable did n't involve nukes , according to wikipedia . 
  i do enjoy this one song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jtphtstt-k, 
  the person was already a victim , now they 're a casualty . 
  the swordsman did n't escape and go attack a third person . 
  it 's a regional thing . 
  example : blood pudding . 
  a pudding made from blood . 
  regularly eaten by the british . 
  `` i have no response to this person because they 're absolutely right about me , so i 'll just call them names instead . '', 
  so only women can be discriminated against and disadvantaged . 
  i see . 
  so i guess the myriad of problems men face regarding child support , rape , court bias , mandatory military service , suicide , and so much more are just men not manning up ( tm ) . 
  guess what ... 
  i found the sexist !, 
   optimally not sourced from / r/mensrights careful , your bias is showing . 
  and saying it was launched from ukraine controlled territory . 
  what i find hilarious is all the commenters on reddit that were saying `` vw only cheated because us diesel emissions standards are ridiculous ! '', 
  this user has a consistently anti-american stance . 
  notice how he provided nothing to back up his statement . 
  wait , the eu is going to run ? 
  where ?
