i used to have sprint , which could be used in the us canada and mexico , but i would get roaming charges in rural areas ... go figure . 
  a schengen type region between us , canada , greenland , and iceland would be amazing . 
  the us would never let it happen though . 
  `` kiss me , i 'm irish '' ( only about 5 % irish ), 
  salty, 
  europe and america are both great places facing their own sets of different problems . 
  for once there is a nice post about poland , and then we make fun of the town 's name . 
  lol, 
  imagine buying that home and you only learn that it 's a polling station on election day . 
  you can have a candidate win with only 5 % of the vote . 
  i believe somewhere between 5-10 would be the best number . 
  you do benefit as land prices tend to go upwards in most areas . 
  there 's definitely a balance between too few ( us ) and too many ( netherlands ) candidates . 
  i love r/europe , but posts like this make me laugh . 
  i dislike trump , but we are far from a ruined country . 
  i wish our elections had american donors ( although , probably not these donors ) . 
  i bet the snp wishes they held their referendum just a couple of years later ... 
  haha ... :(, 
  i do n't try to speak it with them , however it is helpful when reading signs . 
  i can understand half of italian because i know spanish . 
  they are very similar . 
  that makes sense , but i do n't think external factors should be counted for a country 's safety . 
  i realize that the us is not the safest place , but why are we ranked this low ? 
  honestly , i ca n't imagine the us will drop visas for those countries or vice versa . 
  trump is a wild card , but i do n't think he can be that dumb . 
  ( i really hope he does n't prove me wrong . ), 
  post 9/11 customs is a nightmare . 
  i understand the need for security , but it goes too far sometimes . 
  i grew up in the states . 
  we had this comic too . 
  technically the capital of the portuguese empire was in rio de janeiro during the early 19th century . 
  so , portugal was controlled from brazil . 
  single adult males in their early 20 's . 
  that 's pretty much all of reddit . 
  if i was from san marino , i would be one of the most popular twitter accounts ... 
  it 's part of france . 
  not a territory or controlled area , it 's just part of france . 
  it 's similar to how hawaii is part of the united states . 
  poland is europe 's mexico . 
  the election of trump caused some uncertainty in the markets of mexico and central america . 
  many spanish banks operate in these countries , and therefore stocks slightly dropped . 
  the title should be `` trump 's election causes harm to spain 's banks '' . 
  not really . 
  the main reason is violence between people in bad economic situations . 
  this helps to shed light as to why violent crimes are highest amongst minorities . 
  the debate against easy access to guns is just a factor in this . 
  yes , this helps people to get firearms easier , but that 's not the whole story . 
  legal gun owners are far less likely to commit crimes than people who purchased them illegally . 
  this is why a map on gun ownership ( ie people who own guns legally ) will not correlate with high homicide rates . 
  when you hear americans say that walking around their city is as safe as cities in western europe , they are technically correct . 
  they just avoid the poor areas . 
  this does not make our high homicide alright , and we should still fix it . 
  is he under citizens arrest ? 
  * pulls mask off putin justin trudeau ? 
  we had a similar sized fire in tennessee ( us ) last year . 
  not many people died , but the damage was horrific . 
  i ca n't imagine how bad this is . 
   that means : no european country has it 's own army there is just a european one . 
  i feel like that argument could be used by both pro and anti `` euro army '' people . 
  we are taught the metric system in school , but use the imperial system in everyday life . 
  if the us ever switched , this is how our nation would be . 
  yeah , but do n't tell them about the armenian genocide !, 
  if you 're going to talk about america 's war crimes , do n't bring up the soviets and nazis . 
  that 's like saying `` alcohol is dangerous , but meth is okay '' . 
  that depends on what their definition of foreign relations is . 
  i 'm sure north korea thinks it has good foreign relations . 
  there 's no embassy there , so you 're not wrong . 
  consulate , not embassy . 
  yes , i 've been to the adidas store . 
  the us used to control part of berlin , so i guess their building is going to be big . 
  there are uneducated voters in every election . 
  we 're not unique . 
  eurovision says otherwise ... 
  do any lower league teams play here , or is it just a community pitch ? 
  i think it 's better to have artificial turfs than a pile of mud and snow . 
  i know you guys play in the summer , but the beginning and end of the season must be brutal . 
  most english speaking countries ( outside of the uk and ireland ) call it soccer . 
  that includes the us , canada , australia , and new zealand . 
  dang it !, 
  we 're a fraud !, 
  is there any flag that 's truly original ? 
  we feel the same way . 
  liberia and malaysia copied our homework . 
  i 've had some friends say that they want less eu regulation on domestic affairs , but still want to be part of the wider eu . 
  they probably were pro-ukip and anti-brexit . 
  their fishing industry stops them from joining . 
  at least he came to the same realization that everyone else had ... 
   it would have been interesting to see just how crazy shit could get . 
  why ? 
  i dislike trump , but i wish he could do a good job . 
  us , because our country is not in europe . 
  jokes aside , the eu is favorable for most nations in europe . 
  the only countries in europe who should n't join the eu ( as full members ) are switzerland , the vatican , and monaco for various reasons . 
  perfect video . 
  it outlines the benefits of the eu while addressing the flaws of the organization . 
  we learned the space race like any other school in the western world . 
  why does everyone think that our schools are full on propaganda machines ? 
  i also went to a public school in the deep south . 
  russia blew the lead, 
  i went to school in the us and we most definitely did learn this .
