cmon germany be more ** scientific ** :(, 
  o damn youre smart, 
  wat is denn ein doddle, 
  i just realized that this was / r/europe , not / r/worldnews , fucking hell . 
  i think you 're not replying to the correct comment . 
  sick latin , but that 's not real evidence . 
  well what 's your evidence ? 
  obviously this weak coup attempt was very convenient and it seemed like erdogan had a lot of lists and a course of action prepared , but other that 's not evidence . 
  / u / _ lelouch code geass is an awful anime now eat a dick, 
  it 's not clear yet . 
  he did n't have a license and said that he ` bought ' the gun , so probably bought illegaly . 
  so many people so desperately want this to be an act of islamic terrorism , it 's crazy . 
  only 37 ? 
  you must not read / r/me _ irl a much . 
   it 's a well known fact ( proven best by 4chan ), 
  racist . 
  you 're like a caricature . 
  to a certain extend . 
  he did n't want a violent overthrow , he saw it as a necessary consequence of the conditions at the time . 
  that 's apparent by him categorizing countries by how likely a peaceful revolution was . 
  he thought in england and france violence was unnecessary , while in russia and to a lesser extend germany it was inevitable , because even if the people decided by democratic means the ruling class would suppress any attempts at communism . 
  `` peaceful where possible , violent where necessary '' is probably the way to sum it up . 
   that is not the point . 
  is taz lying ? 
  that 's the question and no , ~ ~ normally ~ ~ they are not . 
  ftfy , do n't use qualifiers if you do n't need to . 
  they ca n't break the coalition agreement this close to the next election . 
  they have a good chance to be the strongest party next time around , but they need at least one coalition ( most likely two ) partner to form a coalition government . 
  join us !, 
  e : it was a joke , but is this actually a possibility ? 
  americans in this sub , always a pleasure . 
  my friends all call each other brudi . 
  bash, 
  so sad that peter fox never made another solo album . 
  what will the union jack look like if they actually succeed ? 
  i think she might be talking about frauke petry ? 
  if so , that 's still very misleading because she does n't have a chance . 
  maybe i 'm weird , but i prefer when everyone gets along . 
  must be george soros / s, 
  it 's not for political reasons , tho . 
  it 's because nobody wants to deal with the security risk . 
  is there a lot of infighting in the akp ? 
  could a group within the party change its direction for the better ? 
  ironically it has become a thought terminating cliche . 
  `` hitler was the worst so any comparison to right wing leaders nowadays must be invalid . '', 
  pure nostalgia . 
  it 's supposed to be only potatoes , eggs and spices , right ? 
  i think as far as german politicians go he 's a decent speaker . 
  i really like the way he talks . 
  he was invited to our school back in 2014 ( ? ), 
  to debate some other politicians and i was really impressed . 
  still , do n't really like him and i 'm glad schulz is running . 
  i ca n't speak for him , but i dislike linke because they suck putins dick just to pander to nostalgic east germans . 
  rt is a hell of a drug . 
  you 're a glass half empty kind of guy , i see . 
  well put . 
  pretty sure its the same guy who also made this video . 
  afd voters think merkel is literally satan-hitler . 
  when he told nazis to fuck off that was also pretty cool . 
  now you 're just being willfully obtuse . 
  `` set alight '' implies that someone intentionally did it , which is false . 
  breaks my heart, 
  woowie that escalated quickly . 
  their economy was completely unsustainable and in large part dependant on looting . 
   fuck it , nazism was a total horror-show but at least there was food to eat ( assuming you were a german ) . 
  you do know the nazis starved millions of germans in concentration camps ? 
  a lot of them died of starvation , too . 
  switzerland what the fuck . 
  many museums , opera houses , public swimming pools , and theatres would not be profitable enough to stay open to the general public in germany if the government stopped funding them . 
  least subtle class warfare ever . 
  good . 
  looks beautiful , i 'd love to visit . 
  a lot of `` personal choices '' like this always add up to a systemic issue . 
  ah , the trump school of thought , where all foreign relations are a zero sum game . 
  could this make weeb shit and nintendo consoles cheaper ? 
  if so , i 'm for it . 
  everyone else . 
  looks like a shitty bathroom . 
   a reactionary is a person who holds political views that favor a return to the status quo ante , the previous political state of society , which they believe possessed characteristics ( discipline , respect for authority , etc. ), 
  that are negatively absent from the contemporary status quo of a society . 
  as an adjective , the word reactionary describes points of view and policies meant to restore the status quo ante . 
  i do n't think they are reactionary at all . 
  afd is a reactionary party , cdu is just conservative . 
  the difference is that wohngeld is guaranteed to pay for their flat . 
  drug addicts tend to be awful at dealing with money , so i 'd imagine they would be more likely to end up homeless . 
  she feels very strongly about remaining chancellor . 
  the way the data is represented in the op makes it look more fair at first glance than it actually is . 
  i can see trump actually saying this . 
  pence seems even worse on certain issues ( lgbt stuff and abortion and all that ) but as a german i 'm not as afraid of his foreign policy . 
  he seems very mentally stable and unlikely to fuck too much shit up . 
  polls are n't looking great . 
  nusskati is the best bang for your buck imo . 
  was jodel-girl part of his band ? 
  was it during their performance ? 
  was this planned and part of the show or did he just randomly go for it ? 
  i did n't watch it , what happened here ? 
  still is, 
  i think there are some numberphile videos with this guy in it ? 
  he seemed pretty cool . 
  i , too , want to replace the * french race * .
