  that was clear in the beginning and now ; the ec are just too cowardly to demand that the us cease it 's mass-surveillance programmes if they want access to european 's data , or their companies access to the eu markets . 
  so , back to the ecj we go , to have safe harbour 2.0 struck down , probably by one guy , max schrems , against the world 's most powerful country , doing the job european leaders would not . 
  in my last comment , i made the point that everybody justifies their actions in accordance with their own morality ; that few people ever intend to be regressive . 
  i also agree with you that the definition of progressive/regressive often depends on the views of the person giving it . 
  the same applies to the word ` reform ' . 
  however , that does not make this word meaningless . 
  since you talk about identifying the word ` progressive ' with a tradition , the idea of progressivism has always been about achieving greater freedom , prosperity , social inclusion , equality , and security for the masses . 
  a progressive activist historically has always been someone battling the establishment and the injustices it represents in order to achieve that end . 
  by that definition , a progressive can indeed return to an older position -- in cases where previous ` reform ' or change meant moving away from the stated goals of the progressive cause . 
  a good example of this in the us might be reinstating glass-steagall , a banking act which would have prevented the recession in 2008 in america had it still been in effect . 
  clinton by the way is the one who repealed it . 
  since there is thus a useful definition of progressivism , being able to judge whether an act is progressive or regressive is a straightforward matter , whether people disagree or not . 
  in that sense , intentions do n't matter . 
  acts are what matter . 
  in this situation , there has been many historical instances of segregation , and most people would state clearly that the act of refusing entry or other denial to a person on the basis of some non-ascribed characteristic ( gender , nationality , race etc ) is wrong . 
  progressive changes to both culture and the law ( in accordance with the stated aims of progressivism ) managed to achieve social and legal change to ban that practise . 
  any move to reinstate it , even with the most noble aims , based on the most moral value , is regressive . 
  and indeed this version of the left ( as spoken by a real leftist ) is behaving regressively . 
  chiefly , they have committed the sin of thinking they have some special knowledge , higher knowledge , by which they feel empowered to override established principles . 
  which is a version of fundamentalism actually . 
  in this context , this version of the left wholeheartedly believes women and minorities of most kinds are * inherently * oppressed by a patriarchal system that is so deeply embedded that it is totally invisible to men . 
  these men are in fact embodying discrimination and privilege whether they know it or not , or who are trying to do it , or not . 
  it is from these people that this left seeks to protect others . 
  and they do this by discarding such basic principles as rights , and equality , all of which were hardfought victories for their progressive forbears . 
  in that sense moving away from this achievement , whether someone feels justified doing it or not , is objectively regressive . 
  even by your definition , actually . 
  the difference between progressive and regressive is n't one 's intentions . 
  it 's one 's actions and the result . 
  creating and enforcing segregation in the name of anything is still regressive , whether it is founded on good intentions or not . 
  by the way , almost nobody who does something morally reprehensible or ` regressive ' ever does it with the intention of behaving that way . 
  everybody justifies why they do things , and everybody believes what they are doing is right . 
  does n't change reality though . 
  a ` bail-in ' to the italian banking system is going to create every bit the crisis it is designed to protect against . 
  the moment investors in italy 's banks sense that the bail-in is eminent , they are going to dump all of their bank holdings onto the markets -- plummeting the value of bank stocks at a critical time . 
  following this , everybody who can move their money out of italian banks is going to -- and a great deal of them will ask for cash because they wo n't trust that electronic transactions wo n't result in their funds being frozen . 
  the people left holding the bag will be the most vulnerable of those retail investors . 
  people who had nothing to do with the crisis . 
  result = capital controls , panic , insolvency for italian banks . 
  this eu rule is both idiotic and ill-conceived . 
  it 's not a solution . 
  likewise , the 360bn $ problem is non-performing loans that italian banks can not be free of , which were mostly taken out during draghi 's era as governor of boi , and which the germans will not allow to be resolved . 
  the only people who are going to come out of this unscathed are the german ideologues like schaeuble who would rather see another crisis than take a pragmatic look at how to solve problems . 
  for them it 's moral hazard above all . 
  i see the ` hurry up and get out ' language , as well as ` we wo n't talk to you until it 's official , ' and the ` we wo n't concede anything ( aka cherrypicking ) ' statements as being the hard-line . 
  when that rhetoric all cools down is when it would be okay to start negotiations . 
  when politicians are n't making public statements for the benefit of their constituents in order to appear tough and set the stage . 
  i agree with you about dc and the non-ukip part of the uk wanting no part in the actual leaving process . 
  i also think privately that farage was asked to go because he was a liability to the new order that is to come . 
  but i think you are buying the uk media narrative that now everybody regrets it , and it would be okay just to forget it happened . 
  those statements are wishful thinking made about people the media do n't care to interview because they assume they know the answers anyway . 
  i assure you that the sea of red surrounding london and the major cities has not changed its mind , because nothing for them has changed . 
  and they neither trust nor listen to media who is only patronising them anyway . 
  brexit will happen if the uk does n't want to descend into violence and lawlessness . 
  the eu stands to lose a great deal and the smartest play is to wait until cooler heads prevail . 
  you would have to get to single digit inflation for that to happen . 
  current inflation rate .30 . 
  uk could use a little stimulus . 
  he 's referring to the obvious hypocrisy of sending portugal and spain up for sanctions while ignoring france . 
  if you recall , blatter was claiming to have followed all the rules while doing the opposite in the background . 
  the point had nothing to do with whether the eu could do any good , or had done any good for portugal , ever . 
  they can print as much money as they like to pay it . 
  also , captain_blackadder appeared to be on your side , by the way , the scurvy pirate that he is . 
  nobody who does n't want to just give people money to spend has many options . 
  deflation , or more precisely , the threat of it , is a problem . 
  little to no growth , or near-zero inflation , is stagnation . 
  but you are right , imbalances are a big issue . 
  no matter how much you spend , you can always print the money for it . 
  only inflation is the concern , which in the eurozone is no problem . 
  why do you have to have a deficit ? 
  you control your own currency . 
  poor portugal . 
  wanted 3.6 % not , 3 % . 
  end of the world , i guess . 
  why were the french left out of this ? 
  go on , eu , show the rest of europe how stupid the british were . 
  [ inconceivable !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3slhndjjn0 ), 
  [ the reaction to brexit is the reason brexit happened ] ( http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/the-reaction-to-brexit-is-the-reason-brexit-happened-20160627 ) [ ` if you 've got money , you vote in ... if you have n't got money , you vote out ' ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/commentisfree/2016/jun/24/divided-britain-brexit-money-class-inequality-westminster ) both very well written and informative . 
  if you have a receptive mind , anyway . 
  i would simply reply with an article in rolling stone called ` the reaction to brexit is the reason brexit happened . ', 
  there 's also an article in the guardian talking about the actual state of the economy in little england , and talking about a deep and profound fracture in the uk electorate . 
  it also analyses the results according to class and economic lines , which is very illuminating . 
  i do n't know how it 's going to turn out . 
  and i also do n't know whether it 's going to be a situation that hurts in the short term and ends up better in the long term . 
  i do n't claim to know the future of the eu . 
  what i think is that everyone is making assumptions based on their own bias about what is going to happen in the future , and rubbishing claims to the contrary . 
  such as my comment sitting at -3 , with absolutely no reason for it . 
  unless like the remain campaign , everyone assumes that they have some special right to judge the validity of opinions and to punish those who do n't share them . 
   yeah economists saying : do n't do that , investors do n't like uncertainties ... it will increase distrust in the economy . 
  just keep the ship steady guys . 
  is project fear . 
  mkay . 
  you realise i 'm not making up ` project fear ' right ? 
  the term was coined by the gov ( tories ) and stated to be their campaign strategy . 
  also understand that i am not disputing the statements made by experts , their analysis , or the value of their contribution . 
  on the contrary , i 'm stating that to the people who voted leave , they intentionally decided not to heed that information because they did n't trust it . 
  my point was that the remain campaign focused on all the negative reasons why the uk should n't leave , rather than on all the positive reasons why the eu is a better option , eg a vision for the future of the eu that a uk voter might identify with . 
  in fact , if you were a leave voter , living under a very bad economic situation , having dim prospects , and generally suffering all of the tory imposed austerity , your patience with people telling you what is good for you is likely exhausted . 
  add to that the idea that the best the remain campaign had to offer was the exact same status quo , and you have a recipe to ignore even the best advice as propaganda . 
  the real problem here is n't that the advice was ignored .
