  for example , access to credit , high cost operating environment , and a lack of disposable income ( where low-paid work and taxes impact consumers ) make it difficult for irish smes to last . 
  ( we are only now starting to see real improvement in consumer demand )  you are now seeing the beginning of phase two . 
  all those multi nationals have been creating a very talented workforce who are going on to create there own companies . 
  i have not seen any evidence of this , and honestly it sounds like wishful thinking . 
   we are starting to see some very large companies coming out of ireland . 
  most are not in consumer areas so we do n't hear about them much . 
  like who ? 
   the thing is ireland is a very small country so the companies eventually have to expand to the us . 
  so you 're saying they invert to the us , and we should be looking at us companies for our examples of large irish companies ? 
  to me this is the exact opposite direction that companies are taking ( from low tax jurisdiction to high tax jurisdiction ) , and i also see no evidence of this in practise . 
  and if this is the case , by what criteria do we classify the company as ` irish ' ? 
  because they were once part of an irish company , founded in dublin ? 
  but how far removed counts ? 
  or they had an irish founder , but in the us ? 
  to me that would be a us company , even if they have someone from here who started it . 
   i do agree more should be done but that is always the case . 
  it 's not about doing more ; it 's about the fundamental strategy employed . 
  we 're not looking to grow our own indigenous industry , but instead to bring it here and have it bring jobs with it . 
  i personally do n't mind if we start asking more of mnes in europe , and worldwide . 
  it should reflect the nature of global business these days to have some coordination between tax regimes , so as not to allow companies with the means to play regimes against each other . 
  i personally do n't put much thought into the headline tax rate , even if it is low . 
  because of our ` relaxed ' regulatory regime , i doubt most companies of a certain size even come close to paying it in real terms . 
  those are the kinds of remedial changes i think all of the eu should enforce cooperatively . 
  the implication is that we might also have other such deals with other companies , and these might be threatened by the outcome with apple . 
  we wo n't mess with them because our strategy for future growth is based on being very attractive to large multinationals fleeing high tax jurisdictions . 
  we do n't care all that much about building large indigenous companies , and support for irish businesses is comparatively paltry , including an operating environment that is pretty high cost . 
  if the eu make ireland unattractive to mnes , then we wo n't have very much in our own way , outside agriculture , to stand on . 
  and no , i do n't feel sorry for us -- we ought to have been handling things differently for decades . 
  the reason ireland is growing is because we shamelessly pander to multinationals , willingly contributing to tax avoidance that hurts other eu countries . 
  ask real people how well things are going for them . 
  do we still have second highest number of people in low paid work ? 
  do we still have mortgage crisis ? 
  is housing market being bought up by international investment firms ? 
  is there a rental market crisis ? 
  are we still paying emergency taxes from 2008 ? 
  and so on . 
  the unemployment rate itself has come down , which is good , but conditions have n't really improved much for working people , even if ` the economy is growing . ', 
  we have a tv license scheme , and it funds a state broadcaster . 
  but that broadcaster is nothing more than a mouthpiece for the govt . 
  the number of independent media organisations these days is extremely small . 
  but we do n't have to believe it thoughtlessly . 
  in the article , all the things that are propping up consumer spending are things that spain has no control over but benefit from . 
  eg price of oil , negative interest rates , bond yields , and qe . 
  so you ca n't really give a govt , or lack of govt in this case , any credit for growth based on consumer spending . 
  what 's ironic to me is that people have spent so much energy relentlessly pushing supply-side economic policy that demand-driven growth is a total mystery . 
  let 's pretend the last two sentences in the above comment of yours are n't there . 
  they do n't really do you any good anyway . 
  i do n't think continentals are more emotional than the british , especially considering the common content of british media . 
  british tabloids have made being melodramatic an art form . 
  but i do think the reaction to brexit both by the eu and in this sub is excessive , and there is a demand for a certain narrative to be maintained . 
  i would argue the reason for this is actually a little bit of subconscious guilt . 
  everybody , and almost all member states complain about the eu , for different reasons . 
  this sub has been extremely critical in differing ways of the eu over numerous stories , from greece , to refugees , to taxation , to ttip , to a notion of ` favouratism ' shown to some states over others . 
  and so on . 
  it 's fashionable to complain . 
  but the british are the first people to have actually acted on that criticism . 
  they are the first to have stated that the things that the british do n't like about the eu make the eu unsuitable for britain . 
  and that 's why everyone is angry at them -- not so much because of what they want ( many member states would like to be able to control emigration ) , but because they dared to match talk with action . 
  it seems in other words only allowable for people to complain , but not to actually do something about it . 
  in that sense seeing someone do something about a problem one shares with them but not taking action about it oneself might create some guilty thoughts . 
  many people would not like to think that their lack of reform or intransigence in the eu is what caused brexit . 
  the british vote is a reminder of the failings of the eu that people do n't want to face , especially where they might also share some of those same criticisms . 
  because in theory we are supposed to be smarter and more reasonable than the people and media that we criticise . 
  i 'm talking about an independent advocate , not an anti-democratic structure . 
  an office or org who are tasked with analysing and reporting on specific policy situations to give guidance . 
  the ` democratic ' structures of the eu ( ec , eurogroup etc ) could then act on or go against this advocate . 
  i do n't really think v said ` fuck germany ' , though he did say some things that clearly aggravated people in other countries . 
  but even according to your ( our ) reasoning , there was n't ever any chance for a good outcome . 
  should the greeks have just put a smile on their faces and signed up to a programme that was going to make their situation worse ? 
  i think what we really need is someone in europe who has to be impartial and to solely consider what is good for a member state without needing to deal with all the disparate political needs of politicians across the eu . 
  someone needed to make the recommendation for greece based on what greece needs . 
   good leader knows when to pick up his battles . 
  you do n't have the luxury of picking too many things when you are truly desperate , as greece was . 
  however , at the same time , picking the wrong battle was n't at all the problem there . 
  the issue is entirely that the change being sought from greece was ( in 2010 ) and is incapable ( now ) of solving their problems . 
  and in many ways it 's needlessly harmful . 
  i will agree that v came across as arrogant , and snarky . 
  but -- more importantly he was right about the substantive matters . 
  since greece accepted the bailout parameters , and tsipras backed down , there has been vindication from unexpected sources ( the imf ) and an acknowledgement that what syriza was after is what is good for greece . 
  what i think you are not really seeing is that this issue was almost certainly a political rather than economic problem . 
  even though economics was what the subject matter seemed to be about . 
  economically , what greece was asking for -- more space in their macroeconomic adjustments , less strict reduction in spending , and debt relief , is entirely correct . 
  the kind of anaemic growth that is produced by austerity ( if at all ) , and seen now in all the states that have adopted it due to bailout requirements , is not something that can save greece . 
  they need desperately to be able to spend money that is being spent making their loan payments in their economy , including putting money into the pension system that is being cut out of it now . 
  but to the germans and to others in europe -- slovakia included -- the problem is moral , even though it is being discussed in financial language . 
  in that sense , there is some requirement for penitence , or more precisely that greece needs to suffer for being cheaters , for being lazy , and for not being willing to do the hard work other states apparently have done . 
  the moral language then leads to a political problem . 
  the political problem then leads to irrationality . 
  specifically , even though there is a clear requirement to relieve the burden in greece , nobody in power is listening . 
  i do not think you should blame tsipras for fighting back against what is a wrong solution , and even for the doomed attempt to get anyone to listen . 
  there is also a clear ideological agenda at work to overwrite the greek economy into a model that greece has little control over , and what 's best for the greek people is to prevent that from happening . 
  but like i said before -- since greece is at the mercy of the troika , and you seem to truly think that they are just inane populists , perhaps they should abandon self-governance and turn themselves over to the troika . 
  that way , no matter how bad it got , nobody would continue to blame them for a bad ` solution ' . 
  that 's a pretty unfair comment . 
  syriza was n't even a real party when the damage in greece was done , and it was done by the parties syriza wrested power from . 
  i suppose if you 'd like , we could all vote in the eu to remove the entire greek government and replace it with the troika . 
  if the only thing that matters is compliance with technocracy , then really politics is best forgotten . 
  and representative government . 
  and democracy . 
  you should perhaps be thanking tsipras -- the will of the greek people was actually to reject the deal tsipras accepted .
