  that 's not true at all . 
  there 's no evidence to support it . 
  an equally valid counterclaim is that when nobody moved to immediately do anything , then the markets decided the campaign of fear was n't really true , and the worst case ` nightmare ' was n't as real as expected . 
  if the definition of a populist is someone who makes statements ` purely for domestic consumption ' , then * most * ( if not all ) politicians are by that definition populists . 
  farage is a buffoon , a trait he shares with most leadership in this era of 'em pty balloons ' . 
  he 's not an exception , we just find his message exceptional ( in a negative sense ) . 
  and in fact that message has been mocked and scorned since the beginning . 
  it 's only now that it has changed the balance of power that anyone has given it any credence , if only to reject and challenge it . 
  that 's exactly why the ` you 've never done a proper job in your life ' comment had teeth , which i do n't think had very much to do with the qualifications of the people in the room , in a literal sense . 
  those same , proper , highly-qualified leaders , utterly failed to create a project that represents an attractive enough alternative vision to farage 's that british voters would buy into it . 
  it seems pretty clear that farage is aiming the failure of the eu project at the people in that room , with meps being representative of the eu , whether or not they actually are . 
  when he accused them of not doing a proper job , or of ` not having worked a day in their lives ' essentially , it 's not just that he 's hoping to please his constituents , he 's also trying to reinforce the point that those pointless bureaucrats are just producing a pointless bureaucracy british voters no longer believed in . 
   if you really believe this was it then , i 'm sorry to say , you 're seriously deluding yourself . 
  let 's not throw about accusations of delusion . 
  i 'm not sure you 'd like what is said in response . 
  the point about the market indicators is that they more or less completely recovered from ` the biggest shock in 35 years ' in less than one week . 
  if you are saying that nothing changed , then do explain why the london markets and the # rallied ? 
  should everyone not be cowering in fear right now due to the ` strength ' of the eu language to the uk and because the media are constantly telling us ( as you are ) that the end is nigh ? 
  or maybe uk and eu investors in uk products no longer share the ` doom and gloom ' attitude , or the certainty that all is now proper fucked . 
  maybe they have less confidence in the supreme leaders in europe to maintain the iron wall of refusal as you do . 
  perhaps because of the many , many times this year they climbed down on their statements . 
  when the two parties do start working out how to disentangle , my bet is you are going to see reality set in and both try to minimise the damage . 
  which is entirely what responsible leaders would do . 
  ` need ? ', 
  neither side ` need ' to compromise , unless they want to protect their economies . 
  by the way , do you see my flair ? 
  what do you think the chances are that i voted out ? 
  i 'm just calling you all on your bullshit and hypocrisy . 
  i may have been thinking of the wrong country . 
  from the leave campaign 's point of view , an immigrant is anyone who is not british coming to britain . 
  while many people in the eu view the ` free movement of eu citizens ' as not being immigration , and in fact are happy to have it , the british voter who voted leave did not . 
  to them it 's all the same . 
  regarding merkel 's plan , yes indeed , it * was * supposed to be about refugees . 
  and was n't there , for about a bazillion posts , a consistent commentary that most , if not the vast majority , were n't actually refugees ? 
  how many posts about economic immigrants and welfare tourists masquerading as refugees ? 
  as far as this sub was concerned , a ` refugee ' according to merkel was actually anybody who did n't like where they were living and wanted to move to the west for all its free benefits . 
  then to refuse to integrate and to stay in self-enforced ghettos and slowly demand that state services be adapted to their beliefs and customs . 
  does that sound at all familiar ? 
  in fact , the only difference between the complaints made ad nauseum about immigration in this sub , and the complaints made about immigrants to the uk are the fact that in the first instance the targeted people are brown skinned , and in the other both brown and white . 
  the spectre of the ` the great other ' who is causing all the problems is just a little bit bigger a group in the uk . 
  that 's it . 
  same xenophobia , same hypocrisy , different target . 
  does that clear things up for you ? 
  we ( as irish ) should be able to see it clearly when someone is saying something to wind people up . 
  it 's our national past-time . 
  actually , it 's * really * ironic how many people take farage as being deadly serious about everything he says , while at the same time deliberately ignoring the strength of his message . 
  what was it also he said yesterday ? 
   [ when i came here 17 years ago and i said that i wanted to lead a campaign to get britain out of the european union , you all laughed at me . 
  well , i have to say , you 're not laughing now , are you ? 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/28/nigel-farage-shares-cosy-embrace-with-jean-claude-juncker/ ) seems to be emblematic of the entire situation in europe . 
  i do n't know how people focus so hard on words and yet perceive so little . 
  how does ` we are willing to make a compromise ' come across as ` the uk can dictate terms ' ? 
  moreover , in case you have n't been paying attention , the uk is the eu 's second largest contributor and trading partner . 
  eu markets are fragile -- do you really think losing such a source of both income and trade is going to be painless for the eu ? 
  also note that not only is the # already recovering , but ftse has already returned to pre-brexit levels . 
  so much for the uk financial apocalypse , and it has only been a week since voting . 
  in this situation * both * parties have a lot to lose in this situation by behaving like children . 
  and do n't think for a second all the sniffy language coming out of brussels is n't just petulance and ego , because it is . 
  what 's even more hilarious has been the nearly constant barrage of comments and link posts pre-brexit all saying ` merkel 's plan for immigration is insane !, 
  we need to send those immigrants back to where they came from !, 
  sink those boats ! ', 
  and so on , all shouting that the germans were forcing europe to accept a plan that would be an absolute disaster . 
  and was n't there a mini-revolt against that plan ? 
  how many countries ( illegally ) closed their borders , even though they were warned not to ? 
  was n't there a standoff between austria et al and the ec over it ? 
  and yet , all of that suddenly vanished as if by magic . 
  poof !, 
  gone . 
  the same exact hypocrites crying about how the eu was abusing them and ruining their countries are now crying about the uk and talking pure shite about british voters doing something about it . 
  if everyone thinks the uk is stupid for how it voted , then we should not hear one more word about the immigration crisis , the quotas , the turkey plan , turkey joining the eu , greece , and any other acts of eu stupidity . 
  the same ` make your bed , now lay in it ' applies to you too . 
  i for one , will be relieved not to have to read it . 
  you guys are being played liked puppets by the media . 
  congrats to all of you who fell the for the click-bait title . 
  farage said the uk would be willing to make compromises to retain single market access , compromises which might include * a contribution * to the uk budget . 
  not 350m # . 
  it was mentioned nowhere . 
  he also said * ' i do n't see the logic of it ' * , but that they might be willing to concede it as a compromise . 
  then he said , ` however , we will not compromise about immigration ' . 
  all of you guys cheering that he somehow gave up all the leave campaign promises are easy prey . 
  the biggest loss after the brexit vote for the remain campaign seems to have been critical thinking . 
  being willing to compromise with the eu to obtain something the uk wants and giving up something the eu might wants is how adults do business . 
  but then again , why should facts get in the way of being petty . 
  50k in europe or 100k in the us are not that much money . 
  there would be plenty of accounts who would have this kind of balance as operating funds , or people who have life savings put away . 
  again , exceeding the limit is not an investment . 
  the only similarity is that a person knows the excess is not insured . 
  that 's it . 
  there is still an expectation that the money is 100 % there and in possession by the account owner at all times . 
  and rightly so . 
  it 's not a license to steal it by the bank . 
  all that happened with the bail-in is that someone saw the money was n't insured and realised it could be taken without recourse at certain times , and decided this should be a good approach . 
  or in other words that the bank could get away with it . 
  does that make it right to do ? 
  absolutely not . 
  legal ? 
  perhaps . 
  but still 100 % theft from people who have done nothing but deposit their money . 
  and you also seem to think that the deposit amount has something to do with solvency , as if high deposits either reflect confidence intentionally , or threaten it . 
  the truth is neither .
