  they would know the answer if they had n't spent so much time deliberately ignoring the problem . 
   which is done because the companies need it to keep being companies ... no , the market does n't shift . 
  a trade agreement removes impediments to trade like tariffs and taxes , and also allows companies to access markets without barriers . 
  it 's by definition not a market shift , it 's an artificial activity that causes a marketshift . 
   people are massively against immigration and mainstream parties are not . 
  trump 's people are against * illegal * immigration , technically . 
  do you yourself believe in 100 % open borders ? 
   i 'm saying the status quo is better than empty promises . 
  i 'm saying the uncertainty of what might happen is less bad than the certainty of what will . 
   no , because i am objectively not wrong you treat your opinion as objective fact . 
  it is not . 
   i understand enough that populist empty claims will not get us forward . 
  you fix this by having the mainstream offer a competing alternative vision that is appealing . 
  because remain , the eu , and hillary fail to convince anyone they have a truly better vision , their politics fails to stem the flow of the disaffected . 
  it 's not good enough to simply say ` vote for me , i 'm better than that guy . ', 
   economies change and markets shift . 
  it is natural not a shift in the market , it 's a trade agreement . 
  it 's the opposite of a shift in the market . 
   some pc thing ? 
  no , decadent means to have too much nice things , to waste money , to like and buy things that are indulgent . 
   they ca n't keep up with competition if they are the only ones not moving their production to a place with cheaper labor . 
  the problem is n't companies looking for the lowest margins per se . 
  it 's that states chase lower costs for products and hollow out their own productive capacity . 
  the farmers are expected to get other jobs but do n't really , and the communities fall apart . 
  they become slums and are slowly destroyed . 
   however i hate the arrogance against `` the establishment '' as if populists had anything better the sentiment often gets harnessed by populists . 
  the anger is about loss of self-sufficiency and a feeling of betrayal . 
  it becomes populist when someone tells you where to direct the anger for political purposes . 
   does n't mean that it 's not unintelligent ... 
  i 'm not saying you ca n't vote for dumb things . 
  i 'm saying that many people have never really looked to see why these certain votes happened ( not really anyway ) or to try and see things from the other person 's perspective . 
  they just stick a lable ( unintelligent , stupid ) on the voter and ridicule them . 
  that 's what i think you 're doing to people that have legitimate gripes . 
   i do n't know the absolute truth , but i strongly distrust those , who claim they can fix everything ... 
  but you 're saying your view of things is the right view , and that everyone should do what you do because you 're objectively right . 
  that 's the basis you use to call other people stupid . 
  so it 's not a stretch to say you think you know how to solve everything , and you just need to tell others what to do . 
  i did n't say it was good to use it or immutable , just that it 's the legal way it 's done . 
  that means this outcome is legitimate . 
  the point about pop vote totals is thus irrelevant . 
   people who voted for brexit or trump are unintelligent because they fell for the propaganda . 
  everybody falls for propaganda in the post-truth era . 
  propaganda in this age is called news . 
   if you do n't , you clearly do n't know how the economy works ... 
  please explain it to me . 
   perhaps their way of life in that community was decadent if there is one thing that we ca n't use to describe blue collar workers it 's ` decadent ' . 
   when the ussr fell , there was no need for many industries and many industrial towns in northeastern estonia suffered a lot . 
  the ussr and its aftermath are an atypical example to use here . 
  in this case the argument that blue collar towns did n't really need their industries is only true if you accept as a parameter that the only place that needs them are the lowest cost jurisdictions . 
   exactly , just portraying how unintelligent and how easily influenced by populism they are . 
  unfortunately ` unintelligent ' people still vote . 
  calling them names is a sure way to get them to vote against you . 
  i almost think what you want is to keep them from voting at all , but that has it 's own set of problems . 
   because the populists would use such statements in our disadvantage . 
  it 's the truth . 
   they often are . 
  group mentality might play a role here . 
  these kinds of judgments just make others think you arrogant , call you fundamentalist , and ignore your views . 
  that outcome seems familiar ...  very progressive ... that 's what democracy is about . 
  you express your views with your vote . 
   i insist that there is nothing wrong with the attitude , there are just many people not intelligent enough to understand how politics and the economy work ... and i think you feel you 're the one to fix it for them , right ? 
  the definition of a fundamentalist is someone who claims to have a special truth that is higher than that of others , and also the right to judge by and enforce that view because of it . 
  your argument makes you a fundamentalist by that logic . 
  it also makes you an extremist . 
  it 's not the first time it 's happened , and it 's not a bug in the system . 
  it was a deliberate design by the framers with the electoral college . 
  this is the legal way it 's done right now and complaining about it does n't really merit much consideration . 
  the summary of your arguments are : * the people who voted the way i do n't agree with are stupid * i accept the losers ( the ones out of work due to ` market restructuring ' ) as a sacrifice to economic growth regarding the latter approach , that 's standard economic doctrine . 
  the displacement of a smaller group of jobs is an acceptable outcome to support the improvement in a much larger group 's situation . 
  specifically we can quantify the amount of money saved by the lowering of prices , and put that money to other productive uses . 
  and those put out of work by it are assumed to simply find some other way to earn money . 
  that 's the classic economic view . 
  but those workers do n't simply turn to other job sources . 
  communities get hollowed out as the economic supports that underpin them evaporate . 
  queue social problems , crime , and quality of life reduction . 
  and regarding the former , those people vote , and they remember . 
  economists do n't countenance the political problem -- and even if we accept the negative outcome to these communities ( aka ` little england ' ) as the price to pay -- it is a political problem . 
  and it gets remedied by votes like today 's . 
   why support me ? 
  i need them to support the democratic establishment !, 
  not you personally . 
  i was using ` you ' as representative of ` the democratic establishment ' . 
  and my point is that the people you want to support you blame you for how their situation deteriorated . 
  then , rather than say ` sorry guys you were the losers in a set of policies we supported for the greater economic good . 
  ' , instead , you treat them like they somehow deserve it and are just too stupid to understand . 
  and they are punishing the democratic establishment in the ballot box , and it 's going to get worse unless attitudes change . 
   how many you think there are such people ??? 
  are you asking me how many jobs have been lost to low cost jurisdictions ? 
  here 's an [ article ] ( http://www.thefiscaltimes.com/articles/2012/02/26/the-high-price-of-losing-manufacturing-jobs ) about it . 
  i do n't have the exact number of affected people up to now , but this was in the article :  all told , as american imports from china grew more than tenfold between 1991 and 2007 , roughly a million u.s. workers lost jobs due to increased low-wage competition from china -- about a quarter of all u.s. job losses in manufacturing during the time period . 
  and as the study shows , when businesses shut down , it hurts the local economy because of two related but distinct `` spillover effects , '' as economists say : the shuttered businesses no longer need goods and services from local non-manufacturing firms , and their former workers have less money to spend locally as well . 
  that 's a million jobs in the us alone , just to china . 
  it would be much larger if it included the uk and other locales . 
   they are ... there are n't ... you have to be arrogant towards unintelligent people claiming to be intelligent ! ... they are ... do n't be surprised as the extremist right grows in power , and in general as your control of democratic institutions and power wanes . 
  i do n't think it will be very good consolation to consider yourself right while democratic institutions fail . 
   yeah , being against the democratic establishment is very intelligent ... well it 's not really very smart to demand that people you insult and marginalise support you politically afterward . 
  no , you 're totally wrong . 
  the losers of globalisation are the people whose vote * caused * brexit and trump . 
  these are the people who lost their jobs and economic prospects when indigenous industry relocated to low tax and low cost jurisdictions . 
  the ones who feel ` left behind ' .
