  that indicated by the continual use of ad hominem and other fallacies . 
  so i 'll ask whether you intend to use [ cognitive dissonance ] ( http://blog.dilbert.com/post/139361438901/how-to-know-if-something-is-wrong-with-your-brain ) displayed as  any strong reaction followed by a dismissive insult is always an indication of cognitive dissonance to address me or not . 
  you 've done this before ; you 're one of those guys who comes on to any criticism against america or its behaviour and attacks and belittles to defend it . 
  if it happens in the next reply , we 're done . 
  i 'm sure that you do n't particularly care about that criticism , but nobody of any intellectual rigour would deal with someone behaving in this fashion . 
  i 've read through the entirety of the rest of your comment , and you only have one argument , and it 's this :  i do n't think espionage is wrongdoing at all . 
  no matter who does it . 
  this is n't a school yard and we 're not all equal . 
  which most countries in the world disagree with . 
  most countries in the world arrest spies and have laws against espionage . 
  most countries in the world consider their relationships damaged when espionage against them occurs . 
  nobody treats it like it 's a necessary evil of the world . 
  you do , because it is an inherent part of the ` geopolitical morality ' view you hold . 
  which is fine , i suppose . 
  just realise it puts you at odds with at a minimum the regular people of most western nations , and worse implies in a sense that leaders are sociopaths ( psychopaths ) who operate in a geopolitical world without ethics or remorse . 
  that does sound typically american , now that i think about it . 
  not being a psychopath , i do n't claim that , but defending it as a natural way of doing things . 
  now , what 's interesting is how you view wikileaks in light of this position you 've taken . 
  in theory you should be grateful to them because they give you info you would n't otherwise have . 
  you say :  no it does n't , it often lies outright ( see collateral murder ) and only focuses on things they determine will hurt one party . 
  there is quite a lot more going on behind the scenes . 
  you have no idea what 's going on behind the scenes , and part of what you do know is because of wikileaks . 
  in fact , what you are claiming is a belief : that what is happening behind the scenes is utterly congruent with everyone ( as nations ) acting honestly in their own interests . 
  but this is not provable or testable -- because you do n't know what is said , other than when someone who objects to it releases the info . 
  however you may not claim this belief as a fact . 
  even if what is released is only a fragment , and a specifically chosen fragment , you can not make any claim whatsoever against was not released , as it is unknown . 
  to do so is dishonest . 
   no it is n't , it just destroys your whole argument so you 're dismissing it . 
  i 'm not averse to discussing the ` sins ' of western nations besides the us . 
  i 'm trying to get you to understand that other nations doing something does n't mean it 's okay for the us to do , or vice versa . 
  not only that , but this discussion is about the us and russia , not about germany or any other state . 
  you 're penalising me for staying on topic and not committing whataboutery -- and doing so because it benefits you . 
  do you get that ? 
  if every other nation in europe was invading my privacy it still would n't be justified , and it still would n't be wrong for wikileaks to reveal any one of them doing it . 
  words like ` willful ignorance , completely ridiculous , disingenuous at best , and hyperbole ' are cognitive dissonance . 
  i do n't care to hear characterisations from you of what value you think my argument has ; perhaps substitute counter arguments instead . 
  you ca n't win an argument by avoiding the substance of it entirely . 
   yes but it would add context would n't it ? 
  this is simply a means to try and weaken their opposition which you clearly support . 
  the fact that julian had is own show on russian state tv really says all we need to know . 
  the truth or falsity of a claim does not depend upon the person it ultimately benefits . 
  your problem is entirely that you can not accept the us being guilty of wrongdoing . 
  although in many cases the behaviour in question * is * criminal , i fear you 'd attempt to steer things into a discussion of the legality of various acts under us law instead if i call it that . 
  so i just call it wrongdoing instead , okay ? 
  it 's garden variety ` the us can do no wrong ' . 
  the point being us allies and european people are pissed off about us behaviour . 
  finding out about the ways that this betrays trust and violates our privacy makes people want to have nothing to do with the us . 
   no , you are n't . 
  the hyperbole you use and willful ignorance show that . 
  this is not a counterclaim or a claim that addresses mine . 
  i claim that i care about wikileaks and the truth it exposes . 
  do you care to claim that i do n't ? 
  if so , can you show me where i claim that anything wikileaks has exposed has been something i do n't care about ? 
  even in the case of wikileaks exposing the bad behaviour of european nations , can you show where i excuse that ? 
   let me know when nations stop espionage . 
  when they do i 'll urge the us to stop . 
  ah , now we circle around to a different argument : the one i like to call the ` geopolitical morality ' argument . 
  the one that says that there is no morality in geopolitics , and thus that everything nations do is perfectly acceptable because ` might makes right ' in realpolitik . 
  this is really sloppy : you ca n't claim that wikileaks is bad , that it supports russia , which is also bad , and also claim that there is no such thing as good and bad ( wrong or right ) in geopolitics . 
  if you honestly think the geopolitical morality argument is true , then you should understand the russians doing what is in their interest , and you should not care about wikileaks nor about the us acting in any certain way . 
  if anything , in geopolitical terms , wikileaks just offers an insight into what 's going on behind the curtain , which is fascinating . 
  but the real problem with the geopolitical morality argument is that nobody really believes it . 
  almost everybody sees an inherent ` right ' or ` wrong ' morality in the behaviour of others , including states . 
  our states are built on this ethic : pay your taxes , do n't lie , do n't cheat , follow the laws of the land , etc. 
  people under these obligations get pretty upset when they do n't think other people , organisations , or states , are meeting theirs . 
  some people expect the russians to behave in a corrupt way , they are not suprised when/if they do . 
  but people expect ( or at least used to ) the us to behave in a way commensurate with the values it claims to have , which are mostly the same values europe has . 
  you get pissed off as a european , or an american , if you find out someone has tapped your phone , or is reading your emails , or otherwise violating your privacy . 
  you expect that your allies are n't doing this -- because you expect there is trust between the two of you . 
  so i 'd prefer to leave the geopolitical discussion to geopolitics and deal with the expectations that people actually have . 
  in that capacity , the us is behaving in a way that is repugnant , and in this exact context , is being shown to us by wikileaks , who is doing the right thing . 
  if you want to have a separate discussion about whether other nations are behaving similarly wrongly , we can have that , but it 's out of context for this comment thread . 
  i 'm going to ignore sarcasm . 
   so why single out the us when others have been caught ? 
  context is why . 
  did you read the comment to which i was replying ? 
  do n't worry , i 'll summarise for you . 
  op made the claim that wikileaks was a russian tool being used to undermine the us 's relationship with its allies . 
  there are three parties there : russia , the us , and wikileaks . 
  getting into the misbehaviour of other countries would have been whataboutery . 
  instead , i made two arguments : a ) it 's not the behaviour of exposing the crime that sours relationships , it 's the crime itself ; b ) russian sponsorship of wikileaks would have no bearing on the truth of the claims wikileaks exposed . 
  i 'm not interested in whomever , if anyone the truth of the allegations benefits , i 'm interested in the truth itself . 
  if perhaps the us wants more people to support it , just stop doing the objectionable stuff . 
  i made no claim that the us is in worse shape after federalising . 
  and a person can find immense value in the anti-federalist position without doing so in a presentist fashion . 
  there were negative consequences to federalising , even where you find it ultimately the right choice . 
  and a note on argument : when things like ` i 've explained how it 's ridiculous ' and ` you ca n't claim a counterfactual ' are used in argument , it 's almost always a sign of cognitive dissonance . 
  not only do i not accept your appeal to authority -- telling me what the ` facts ' are , but use of the word ` ridiculous ' is itself a diversion from what is ridiculous about it . 
  it comes across as an emotional type reaction -- meaning you inherently reject the position that you think i 've taken , but without precisely knowing why . 
  if you wanted to give me an argument you should have done more than substitute characterisation of the reasons for the reasons themselves . 
  can you conceive of a situation in which the aoc would be a better choice ? 
  if you ca n't then you are likely comparing a federal situation to nothing , and a comparison to nothing is inherently flawed as a method of choice . 
  i 'm replying specifically to ops claim . 
  it 's whataboutery . 
  i 'm equal opportunity supporter of wikileaks . 
  just because it 's r/europe does n't mean i 'll look the other way . 
  the ideological battle between the federalists and anti-federalists is one of the most important periods in american history . 
  it was not about whether or not the country was performing adequately using the aoc , but was entirely about the vision for future and the reasons recommending it . 
  conditions on the ground then , and more importantly the philosophy of the day and its mistrust of central authority , were very different than we conceive of them looking backwards at history now . 
  we should not make the mistake of being presentists about it .
