  yes to target2 and the $ . 
  target2 btw about helping banks settle and reconcile transactions across the eu . 
  not a big deal . 
  now scotland does n't owe germany anything . 
  if anyone does , it 's the uk . 
  i suppose germany could try and enforce all of the uk 's debts against scotland , but i highly doubt it . 
  a ) the germans are still going to trade with the uk and will expect to be repaid anyway . 
  b ) there 's no reason other than pure vindictiveness to saddle scotland , a small new nation , with the whole debt . 
  but , at the same time , yes to budget targets and other fiscal rules . 
  the scots would have to stand on their own , whether it causes them ` austerity ' or not . 
  i have not seen anyone assume otherwise . 
  the legal status of scotland after independence is totally unclear , and unprecedented . 
  it has not been evaluated officially or tested in court . 
  no one knows what could happen . 
  sturgeon is there to test the waters . 
  they 've already committed to another referendum and been crystal clear about the fact that scotland does n't consider the uk vote to be binding on them . 
  and this idea that scotland or any other state gaining independence from within the eu must leave and re-join has not been tested . 
  the eu declined to give an official legal opinion on it , and all there are are opinions . 
  get nothing from whom ? 
  these meetings are ostensibly about discussing support for an independent scotland from eu partners . 
  why would anyone expect germany to pay someone 's debt ? 
  if someone owes germany , it 's the uk , not scotland . 
  and if the ref ran tomorrow it would pass . 
  support for remain and independence is over 60 % . 
  do n't forget as well that scottish unionists voted remain as well -- and now have to choose between following the uk in a direction they do n't want to go , or giving up their unionism for the eu . 
  i would guess the pull of the eu is larger . 
  i really do n't know where the thought that independence wo n't happen is coming from , whether eu officials are sniffy right now or not . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the snp have been getting massively more popular for a while now . 
  the view toward independence is now over 60 % . 
  in fact , seeing as how the reason independence was shot down in the first ref was entirely due to * fear * , and now that fear is a * reality * , there should n't be much standing in the way for both scotland and ni . 
  yes , because donald tusk rejecting talks will clearly stop the move toward independence in scotland . 
  there 's no reason to punish the scots for the uk vote -- they voted remain . 
  tusk is just being vindictive . 
   i have been always defending the position that the population of a country should have the right to call for referendums so then we 'll move into ` neverendums ' now , right ? 
  no matter who wins , the opposing group will petition the government to run it again , and we will rinse and repeat , ad absurdum . 
   between one choice and the other the circumstances of the country should have changed in the direction the people wanted , which gives them more information to decide whether they want to change course or reaffirm themselves in the previous one . 
  all you want , in the 3 paragraphs that describe this same sentiment , is to hope for the fact that all the negative press on the issue , statements made by leaders , and the reaction in the markets has now convinced people to change their mind . 
  that is the only thing that has changed , minus the cherry-picked people who apparently bregret and are intended to be representative of a change of opinion . 
  ( since the media are always representative in their coverage )  how to define `` common will '' should be agreed as a rule as general as possible taking the particulars of different kinds of decisions into account . 
  you 're making it * way overcomplicated * . 
  referendums have no need for a spectrum . 
  they lay out options , and people vote for them . 
  they take the one with the most support . 
  it 's done that way * on purpose * , so as to eliminate the possibility of ambiguous results . 
  you should n't call for more referenda if you think they are somehow less than optimal ways to decide things . 
   more often than not i 'm in the minority if this sub or the media is to be trusted ( it 's not ) you 're apparently in this new magical majority that just appeared . 
  if not , you are likely in the minority because ( imho ) your position is not logically consistent and is entirely unjustified . 
  either we let the result of this referendum , which happened a week ago , stand , or we decide that the govt knows best and we let them decide -- and we never question their choices . 
  which one do you think is worse ? 
   it would always have only been advisory , the results do n't matter . 
  of course they do . 
  the technical significance is irrelevant . 
  people are downplaying the reality of refusing to follow through because they are willfully blind to it . 
  for a uk government to adopt a ` pater knows best ' approach and refuse brexit ` for their own good ' would mean over-ruling 51 % of the population , without having any mandate but their own opinion to justify it . 
  soon after , leave-supporting political groups and parts of england denounce the government as illegitimate , and then you get militias . 
  thereafter there is overt violence . 
   i did n't call anyone racist . 
  xenophobic though , that leave side sure is , no doubt whatsoever about that . 
  lol , * i * said some of the people involved were racists myself . 
   holy . 
  shit . 
  really ? 
  really ? 
  i have no words . 
  no point arguing with you if you actually believe this . 
  disgraceful , absolutely disgraceful . 
  did you read his tweet ? 
  you think the prime minister can just label the opponent political party a ` threat to national security , and to one 's family , ' and it 's purely an innocent statement ? 
  what was it he stated in court ? 
  ` death to traitors , freedom for britain ' , was n't it ? 
  and who are the traitors ? 
  and why are they traitors ? 
  dc makes it pretty clear why they are traitors , does n't he ? 
  a threat to national security ? 
  that 's hate , by the way . 
  hatespeech from the prime minister . 
  and it , and other hatespeech from other sources , got that poor woman killed . 
  they are * all * responsible . 
  by the way , do n't think for a second i will allow you to both bring up jo cox and then castigate any statements about the situation as non grata . 
  that 's a cheap trick . 
   nothing in your paragraphs says anything about what citizens consider legitimate and derived from their will . 
  representative democracy , of which a republic is but one kind , is intrinsically based on the consent of individual citizens to be governed . 
  this is the basis by which a state derives its legitimacy . 
  that is basic political theory . 
   a nation is a nation . 
  the state is separate from a nation , and has always been everything you wrote in the paragraph that contains this sentence is something i wrote in my reply . 
  i said the same thing . 
   it now has a little more legitimacy , because the civil society has been allowed more power than historically . 
  the major difference is a convergence in the approach to the state as a legal entity , and the laws which deal with it . 
  ie the creation of international law and customs . 
   states do not have a legitimate basis is anything other than ancient tyrannies . 
  this is untrue from a modern perspective . 
  it is equivalent to the argument that there is no such thing as property rights ( land ) because every piece of land one owns now was at one time stolen from someone else , or at the end of a long chain of theft . 
  it would be useful i think for you to read hobbes and locke . 
  the legitimacy of the state is a central subject in hobbes 's * leviathan * , and while i do n't agree with hobbes on his ` state of nature ' , his work does pave the way to what formed the basis of the american revolution from a philosophical perspective . 
  in it , the fundamental right of free people to associate gives rise to their right to create the entity of the state to govern their affairs . 
   right , that 's what they say but the us was founded by a bunch of rich powerful slavers and land-grabbers who just wanted to get away from another state to start ruling others . 
  that may be true from a cynical point of view , but the framers were very clear about what basis they had to revolt against the king , and they bothered to write it all down in exquisite detail . 
  and by and large the movement that produced the american revolution was a product of the philosophical movement of the time ( hume , hobbes , locke et al ) .
