  including the kurds . 
  in 2002 , bush decided to go back to war in iraq , likely based on the fact that the us had proven to be ineffective in afghanistan during the timeline for expected victory , and he and his advisors cooked up a justification . 
  your authourisation for military force in iraq had * absolutely nothing at all to do with crimes against humanity in iraq * . 
  nothing . 
  there is one trivial line about it in the authorization . 
  the reasoning to justify the war , which killed an additional 600k directly can not be suddenly shifted to justify an invasion after the fact . 
  if the world wanted sadam out of power , it could have taken him out when he was defenseless in gulf war 1.0 . 
  presumably smarter people thought better of the power vacuum and did n't . 
  advice bush jr should have taken but ignored . 
  the world is not a happy place where all decisions are either good or bad , as the lesson is being learned now that isis is everywhere and there 's a war in syria and lebanon that probably wo n't end for a decade . 
   really , go and make that argument on / r/kurdistan if you 're so confident in your beliefs . 
  the kurds are not the arbiters of whether the invasion was justified or not , even if they support it and benefitted from it . 
  places like the un exist for this very reason . 
   you 're talking about two different administrations 25 years apart . 
  ` the us ' is not some single entity whose interests and motivations never change . 
  this is shite . 
  the entity that is the us government does n't get reset every 4 years . 
  the american people are responsible for the actions of american government throughout the ages . 
  people are likely to give the current admin a pass when assigning blame for the civil war , but america can simply not wash its hands of actions it took a mere 30 years ago because they were inconvenient to the narrative now . 
   how can you possibly compute that chance ? 
  the simple probability that if a country does n't invade , it 's soldiers are unlikely to kill people in that country . 
  there was a small chance that someone in the country on another mission ( like marines in the embassy ) could have killed an iraqi , so it could n't be 100 % . 
   do you know how many people were exterminated in iraq all through the 1980s and '90s when we were n't at war ? 
  mass graves are still being found today . 
  people not killed by the us and uk , but by the baathist government . 
  the 600k people in question * were * killed by the us and uk . 
   how can you make such a prediction ? 
  because sadam and his people are not the us and uk . 
   you 're not even talking about war casualties . 
  [ 600k ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2006/world/meast/10/11/iraq.deaths/ ) from the fighting , and 53k from its after effects . 
   violence claimed about 601,000 people , the survey estimated -- the majority killed by gunfire , `` though deaths from car bombing have increased from 2005 , '' the study says . 
   the additional 53,000 people who are believed to have been killed by the effects of the war mostly died in recent months , `` suggesting a worsening of health status and access to health care , '' the study said . 
  it noted , however , that the number of nonviolent deaths `` is too small to reach definitive conclusions . '', 
  also , if you want to see something really disturbing , look at any of a number of documentaries about radiation poisoning and birth defects in places in iraq as a result of the use of depleted uranium rounds , which leeched into ground water . 
   could n't you just as easily say they died because of the lack of international support ? 
  they died because of an invasion . 
  lack of international support is evidence that the invasion should n't have happened . 
   or if iraq had been invaded 10 years earlier , during the gulf war ? 
  iraq was invaded during the gulf war , but the decision was made to leave the hussein administration in power . 
   while you 're at it , tell them why you think it was a bad idea and they should have been left under saddam . 
  no one is debating the crimes of sadam against iraqis , including kurds . 
  the point is that even if it 's better now ( debatable , as isis is not exactly kurd friendly ) it 's not up to the us to decide which leaders in the me can stay and which can be deposed . 
  especially since the un did not support the action . 
   actually , that was germany . 
  and the soviet union . 
  the iranian air force are still using american f-14s today . 
  the us supported [ iraq ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_support_for_iraq_during_the_iran%e2%80%93iraq_war ) during the iran/iraq war . 
  note the following :  united states support for iraq during the iran -- iraq war , against post-revolutionary iran , included several billion dollars ' worth of economic aid , the sale of dual-use technology , non-u.s. origin weaponry , military intelligence , special operations training , and direct involvement in warfare against iran . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ]  support from the u.s. for iraq was not a secret and was frequently discussed in open session of the senate and house of representatives . 
  on june 9 , 1992 , ted koppel reported on abc 's nightline that the `` reagan/bush administrations permitted -- and frequently encouraged -- the flow of money , agricultural credits , dual-use technology , chemicals , and weapons to iraq . 
  '' [ 3 ] the us helped facilitate other states ' weapons ( like german chemicals ) into iraqi hands . 
  us support for iraq was not a secret . 
  ask the kurds about how they feel about isis , which is a product of the war in iraq , and is a threat now across the middle east . 
  the us is partly responsible for the creation of isis . 
  and the us did n't care one iota about kurds or others when it armed sadam with chemical weapons and other munitions during the iran/iraq war . 
  those same munitions he would later turn on his own people and use as a model to create his own . 
  [ 69 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraq_resolution ) of the us congress voted to authorise force in iraq , based on evidence shown to be false in the chilcot report . 
  and not just evidence that turned out to be false later , but evidence that was never there from the beginning . 
  in 2 million words , chilcot laid out exactly that there was no justification for the war in iraq . 
  whether obama was against it or not , or whether some dems had regrets , in fact , is totally irrelevant . 
  you are your government , and its vote , as is the uk . 
  bush , cheney , blair , powell , and rumsfeld also patently lied to the world in the un . 
  so yes , ` the fuck ' . 
  all 600k iraqi civilians who are dead because of the war are dead because of the us and uk . 
  all of the 4k us military personnel and the uk personnel who died in the campaign are dead because of the us and the uk . 
  there was no reason to be there and no reason to invade . 
  all those deaths are blood on the hands of those countries . 
  a start would be a public statement from the uk government and from the us government that it has committed a grave error , should not have done what it did , and an immediate offer to pay reparations for the act . 
  and if obama really regretted the war , he 'd ask the doj to get involved in investigating all of the allegations regarding false testimony , collusion to start a war , and all the crimes documented in the senate report . 
  also could make a public statement about guantanamo , immediately release all prisoners , pay restitution for the crimes committed against them and the violations of human rights , etc. 
  none of which have happened and wo n't ever happen . 
  are you referring to the iccc investigation into the [ president of kenya ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/dec/05/crimes-humanity-charges-kenya-president-dropped-uhuru-kenyatta ) ? 
  if so , it would not be the first time a prosecution failed because witnesses suddenly developed amnesia or became reluctant to testify . 
  the kenyan government also did everything in its power to sabotage and undermine the investigation . 
   bensouda said prosecutors had also endured a `` steady and relentless stream of false media reports about the kenya cases , an unprecedented campaign on social media to expose the identity of protected witnesses in the kenya cases [ and ] concerted and wide-ranging efforts to harass , intimidate and threaten individuals who would wish to be witnesses . '' by the way , when talking about ` lack of evidence ' , consider that at least 1000 people died as a result of the violence , committed openly by government agents , aka kenyan police . 
  considering the commonly cited lack of power by the iccc , it 's thus unfair to blame collapsed investigations on it . 
  if you have a more or less toothless court , who is dependent upon the individuals it is investigating , and who lacks power to compel witnesses or to enforce compliance , it 's not surprising when it fails . 
  personally i think it 's wrong that the iccc is investigating british troops but not britain and the us . 
  the decision to go to war cost the lives of somewhere between an estimated 100k and 600k iraqi civilians . 
  there is a 99.999 % chance that if the us and uk had not invaded , they would not have been killed by those forces . 
  the problem there is that there is no authority who can try the case , because again , the defendants would have an unavoidable veto against it . 
  and as to your 56 of 59 cases indicating a lack of evidence , that is similarly misleading . 
  ihat is a * uk govt * organisation investigating crimes over a decade old , by it 's own troops , in a setting where all the information about the situation is controlled by them . 
  by the way , ihat has filed 3,363 cases , of which you are citing 59 . 
  that is 59 of the 325 that involved unlawful killing . 
  it includes nothing about all the ill-treatment cases . 
  that 's some organisation you 're citing . 
  they 've basically done and achieved nothing . 
  at the same time , the uk government has already settled 323 cases for 20m # . 
  which would seem to be a much more significant indicator of the state of those cases than ihat who has been sitting on its hands for 5 years . 
  justice can never be served until someone can prove that the invasion was illegal , and thus that everything which happened after it was thus also illegal . 
  neither the uk nor the us are ever going to admit any wrongdoing with regard to the decision to go to war or conduct during it . 
  no matter how many cases in the iccc or chilcots or senate reports on torture . 
  no justice will ever be served . 
  that 's the bottom line . 
   an irish guy talking about ~ ~ tax evasion ~ ~ ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) irish economic strategy ftfy , 
  i will try to help . 
  starting from the main dial , the settings are ( counter clockwise , from 12 oclock down ) : * spin * drain * rinse those settings are in case you need them outside a normal wash cycle . 
  the next 4 ( counterclockwise ) are special wash settings ( the star symbol ) * jeans ( intensive wash ) * handwash ( delicate ) * wool * synthetics the next three are all synthetic wash cycles * ironed clothes ( to minimise wrinkles ) * synthetic wash + half load * synthetic wash ( the difference between syn settings on special wash and synth wash are the length of the cycle , amount of agitation , and water usage . 
  the pure synth settings are a full wash cycle optimised for synthetic clothing ) the last 4 are cotton settings ( optimised for deeper cotton wash ) * ecowash + half load * cotton + half load * ecowash ( full load ) * cotton ( full load ) ( ecowash is a shorter cycle with less water ) the other dial sets the rpm for the spin cycle .
