  the stability of the euro was n't threatened by the negotiations , but the greek banks were . 
  and there 's an argument to be made that the ecb actually * harmed * the greek banks it was supposed to protect . 
   and that is a valid point if not for the critical difference that the political decisions in athens absolutelely were affecting the greek banks massively . 
  the banks had nothing to do with the conflict . 
  whether it was the greek government or the troika threatening the banks is irrelevant . 
  the ecb 's mission is to protect the banks ' market access and to protect the euro by providing liquidity as part of the fractional reserve system . 
   were the banks actually solvent in case of a grexit ? 
  which at the time was a very real possibility . 
  the ecb helped create the possibility that there would be a grexit . 
  instead it could have taken pressure off the negotiations by taking care of the banks and leaving the parties to it . 
  it did n't because of politics . 
   but that does n't really matter , does it ? 
  it was the greek government that was primarily responsible for the bank run and even if that was out of control of the banks they were still affected by it . 
  let 's say , hypothetically that this is true . 
  it still does n't matter . 
  the ecb is impartial , allegedly . 
  it is irrelevant whom is harming the banks -- the role of the ecb is to protect solvent banks , and in this case to support them with ela . 
  greek banks are not representatives of or part of the greek government . 
  they 're private organisations . 
   it also is very clear that insolvent banks should not be protected . 
  and there was a very real threat of that . 
  we might want to wait until the banks actually were insolvent before treating them like they were . 
  at the time of ela the banks were solvent , so actions taken or not taken for insolvent banks would not apply . 
   that money would n't simply vanish of course it would . 
  the ecb can create and destroy money at will . 
   that is my critique . 
  i 'm not saying he 's not baised . 
  but being biased does n't make him wrong either . 
   regardless though any decision the ecb would have made would have been a political decision . 
  well what it did in the greek situation was intentionally political . 
   it is also its explicit responsibilty to not indulge in financing states and not loaning to insolvent banks neither of these apply to the greek situation . 
  you 've replied to me twice , so rather than write two comments , i 'd just address both in one reply . 
  when you say this :  the ecb not further increasing ela assistance for greece was the direct result of calling the referendum by the greek government . 
  you 're making the point that i was raising in relation to the ecb and ela . 
  the ecb has a mandate to look after the banks . 
  it did not have a mandate to involve itself in the conflict between the greek government and the troika over the bailout . 
  nor did the greek banks themselves have anything to do with the situation . 
  the greek banks were not insolvent . 
  they were experiencing a bank run , which is illiquidity . 
  an illiquid situation becomes an insolvent situation only if enough customers withdraw their funds from the bank that it does n't have the funds to meet its obligations . 
  the banks themselves had absolutely no responsibility for the widespread fears that were prompting capital flight . 
  it was n't bad decisions made by the bank that threatened the bank 's future existence -- it was fears that the economy would collapse in greece because syriza would n't accept the troika 's terms . 
  so your view that the greek government is responsible for the situation is irrelevant . 
  we can argue over whether or not the greek government did the right or wrong thing in fighting the troika . 
  but that 's totally separate to the situation with the ecb and the greek banks . 
  the ecb should have been on the side of the banks , who were innocent , to protect them from the bankrun . 
  that 's a mission that is one of the ecb 's core responsibilities . 
  if the ecb steps up and provides all the necessary ela to the greek banks during a bankrun , the issue of the stability of the greek banking system evapourates . 
  and the parties fighting over the bailout go on with their battle without the added pressure of their talks causing the banking system to collapse . 
  yes , indeed in a grexit scenario , there was a possibility that the greek economy would collapse , and if that happen , it would take the banking system down with it . 
  but until such a decision was made , there was no reason to allow the greek banking system to teeter on the brink of catastrophe . 
   also if it had come to a grexit there was quite large concern that the ela credits would never be paid back . 
  it would n't matter . 
  the greek banks would not be operating on the euro anyway , and the ecb could simply ` destroy ' the debt in its system . 
  it has the power to do this . 
   these people are so heavily biased that their oppinions on if the ecb behaved as it should or not should not matter . 
  everyone has a view toward things . 
  the validity of an argument is not determined by one 's opinion of the person who is making it . 
  address arguments , not people . 
   i also do not see what issue you have with the ecj judgement . 
  i do n't have an issue with the judgement . 
  legally it 's the strict application of the law . 
  i was only trying to point out that nobody thus far has been able to challenge the ecb on the validity and legality of how it acted . 
   the damage was primarily caused by the greek government an not by the ecb . 
  the damage was caused by the conflict between the troika and the greek government . 
  i do n't assume that the right decision was simply to go along with the troika 's demands , and unlike you , i do n't assume that those demands were reasonable . 
  the ecb should have stayed out the situation and stayed within its mandate . 
  it is not a political institution . 
   the ecb might have been able to prevent said damage , but that does not mean they had to . 
  the ecb mandate is to protect the euro and protect the access of banks to the markets . 
  keeping an innocent bank from losing market access as a result of a bankrun it had no responsibility for creating was its explicit responsibility . 
  ' a hunch ' is a bit of an understatement . 
  he 's been accusing them of it for the last few years . 
  that the ecb behaved politically ? 
  varoufakis is after evidence in legal opinions written for the ecb that he thinks might contain the rationale for the actions the ecb took . 
  he suspects it might reveal political machinations . 
  in addition , a greek consultancy firm alcimos [ sued the ecb in the ecj ] ( http://curia.europa.eu/juris/document/document.jsf?text=&amp;docid=182470&amp;pageindex=0&amp;doclang=en&amp;mode=lst&amp;dir=&amp;occ=first&amp;part=1&amp;cid=490430 ) over the decision to freeze ela in greek banks . 
  the ecj ruled in that case that the petition was inadmissable and dismissed the case . 
  specifically it held that the decision which harmed alcimos was not directly made by the ecb , but instead was a result of acts taken by the greek government ( capital controls ) . 
  because the greek government took certain steps due to the ecb meant that blame could not be directed solely at the ecb . 
  and in turn , because alcimos could n't prove that the ecb is directly the institution that harmed it , it lacked cause to bring the case . 
  so in that sense , we do n't have any real evidence because nobody has directly been able to challenge the ecb over its decisions relating to ela and greek banks . 
  i think varoufakis is hoping to find something damning in the ecbs documents to get around that . 
  just to clarify , but would n't you want to run the referendum before article 50 is triggered ? 
  or does it not really matter ? 
  to whom exactly is the ecb accountable ? 
  at present the actions of the bank , led by draghi , are only accountable to the board of directors of the bank . 
  most people say that the independence of a central bank from political institutions is a good thing . 
  but there 's a dark side to it : if the central bank starts to act in an overtly political way or for the benefit of political actors it becomes a political institution accountable to no one . 
  in our context , that is visible through the ecb 's activities relating to greek banks during the negotiations between the troika and greece over its bailout . 
  the ecb , rather than protect greek banks from the fallout of the negotiations , used ela as leverage to force syriza to comply with the demands of the troika . 
  this had nothing at all to do with the financial solvency of the greek banks . 
  they had all been previously commanded to limit their exposure to greek sovereign bonds , and indeed iirc that exposure was only 3 % . 
  the real problem was a bank run being fomented by media coverage of the negotiations and the idea that greece would soon be forced out of the euro . 
  such caused panic , and panic caused capital flight . 
  being explicitly illiquid ( as opposed to insolvent ) is exactly what ela is designed to remedy . 
  the only threat to greek banks in fact was illiquidity secondary to capital flight secondary to greek state negotiations with the troika . 
  on that basis there was zero rationale for the freezing or refusal to grant greek banks as much ela as was required . 
  the banks were merely innocent bystanders caught up in the power struggle between greece and the eu and they should have been given enough to reassure their customers . 
  and at present we likewise have no accountability for or capacity to question the validity of the ecbs choices in that respect .
