  i also think it 's wrong to be so critical of a leader at least fighting for the good of his people . 
  this tiny growth is not going to do anything to fix the greek dependency on loans and the fact that they ca n't solve their debt problems without debt relief . 
  i do n't agree with you but acknowledge your beliefs on it . 
  it 's not that i 'm unaware of the bigger issue . 
  when voting for the lesser of two evils , it still requires one to vote for evil . 
  were i to vote in that election , i 'd vote for jill stein . 
  if hrc is the best dems can come up with , you all need a wake up call . 
  you could and should have elected bernie . 
   if russia is trying to undermine our election in anyway that is dangerous . 
  no , russia is a distraction . 
  clinton et al are trying to undermine the election by cheating and being corrupt . 
  wl nor assange have stated where their information came from -- some ` experts ' have stated that it 's ` probably ' the russians . 
  even if it were true -- that would be worse for clinton than for putin . 
  it was clinton 's poor infosec and use of a private server that allowed it to be compromised , as was the dncs . 
  there are emails where the dnc was told some of its actions were unsafe , and they laughed at it . 
  now this :  also , i love the pointing out of clinton 's corruption , meanwhile putin is not ? 
  and this :  are you kidding me ? 
  you are also completely blind that this `` corruption '' in the dnc happens in the gop as well ... are whataboutery . 
  the relative better or worse corruption of putin or the rnc does not make the dnc or clinton less corrupt . 
   it 's politics as usual and bernie never had a shot , he 's waaaay too left for the us at this point in time . 
  i liked the guy but his platform would never stand a chance in hell in our current political landscape . 
  he was n't too left for 45 % of the dem voters , and you ca n't say ` he never had a chance ' then complain when he did n't . 
  an entirely different primary result was likely possible if the campaign had n't been rigged against him , or if the dnc had actually been the impartial entity it was sworn to be . 
   trump is not only a danger to the us but to europe as well . 
  trump is n't a danger . 
  it 's the 50 % of the usa , the republican voters who voted for him , who are the problem . 
  they 're really scary . 
  each and every election cycle , the ` liberal ' , democratic leaning , us media declare that the republican candidate is the most scariest ( sic ) danger to the us , like ever . 
  like it 's the end of the world if he gets elected . 
  they said it about reagan . 
  they said it about bush . 
  they said it about romney . 
  they 're saying it about trump , and they said it about cruz . 
  and so on . 
  to the point that nobody is listening any more . 
   the entire world would be in danger if he had control over our nukes . 
  they said this literal thing about reagan . 
  in context of people needing to support clinton to prevent trump , nobody has any obligation to tacitly endorse corruption just to prevent the worse of two perpetually bad candidates from getting office . 
  dems voted for clinton in a rigged election , and this is 100 % their problem . 
  hrc and the actual activities of the dnc are the real problem , not the people who are reporting them . 
  do n't want people to be upset about corruption ? 
  do n't be corrupt . 
  only if the eu keep giving him more loans . 
  i think the idea is that if renzi loses the referendum , he will have to step down , which is what he promised , and will be replaced by a five star leader . 
  from there a five star government creates all kinds of chaos in europe , maybe even pushing for italy to leave the euro . 
  maybe it 's all paranoia , but brexit has everyone spooked . 
  only in absolute terms because there are way more white people . 
  not if they get shot by cops first . 
  sure , as long as nobody who works there needs a place to live . 
  we do n't know if erdogan had anything official to do with the coup or not . 
  but what we do know is that he is using it as a mechanism to remove anybody he does n't agree with from any position , anywhere . 
  turkey is erasing any and all traces of its secular heritage and legal system very rapidly . 
  this is a very good point . 
  but what do you reckon the chances of that happening are ? 
  the spanish/portuguese point is that they are being fined while there is no indication that similar offenders will ever be . 
  which would seem to me either there is base unfairness , or there is some flexibility in the decision to issue a fine . 
  if either of these are true , it means something should happen to treat countries equally . 
  nobody in russia is interested in returning to the ussr model . 
  this is nationalist land now . 
  there are only two options : * erdogan has kept a ` master list ' of everybody loyal to his regime , and everyone who is suspected of disloyalty , prior to the coup , and is using the coup as a means to eliminate opposition * erdogan staged the coup as a false flag operation to put pro-islamists into positions nationwide , and undermine turkey 's secular mandate it does not appear believable that an analysis of who was part of the coup , and who is not , should provide so much information about the identity of all conspirators , root to leaf , this fast . 
  even if those people who were arrested were tortured . 
  it is also not believable that during a coup attempt , two f-16s had a defenseless civilian airliner with erdogan on it in their sights , and did n't fire . 
  capturing or killing the head of state in a coup attempt is fundamental to decisively winning it . 
  i do n't know whether it 's opportunism or premeditated , but what is happening in turkey is a move against secular democracy and turkey 's own constitution . 
  what perks are you seeking ? 
  scotland is a different situation to ireland . 
  what ireland will be concerned about is ni , and what it will do . 
  scotland can seek independence without it bothering ireland . 
  yes , our information proved to be wrong , and things changed very quickly . 
  like stannis i did not see it coming . 
  livestream says he is circulating over the country . 
  yeah , i heard that . 
  i ca n't make sense of whether the coup is small or large . 
  in 1000 years house mormont has never refused the call . 
  no , that guy was a civilian . 
  a guy on the bridge . 
  he was n't the only one . 
  the military reportedly has taken ataturk airport . 
  this is what she was referring to . 
  [ the general intelligence ] ( https://twitter.com/kordishphoto/status/754079173149331457/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) building is now on fire . 
  i was listening to her , but did n't see her . 
  she 's clearly delusional . 
  ` they have the airport , but i do n't think they are going to keep it . 
  and it 's just a few people from the military . ', 
  i was thinking , well , they seem to have helicopters and jets , so maybe it 's the right people . 
  edit : 20 good men , if you will . 
  on sky news tv we saw a guy get shot on a bridge before they cut away . 
  he took a round and was trying to crawl across the bridge to safety before people started to help him . 
  i think ankara . 
  langers is a slang term that is not so nice to use about people from cork . 
  guinness is extremely popular in ireland . 
  it is the largest stout . 
  probably anywhere . 
  corkonians have their own competitive everything with dublin , and murphys was established there in 1856 , about 100 years after guinness started in 1759 . 
  it is their stout . 
  opinions about which is better are a contentious subject . 
  beamish ( once beamish and crawford ) is a lesser known ` third ' stout also from cork ( and older than murphys ) with its own taste . 
  not very popular in ireland compared to the other two . 
  i did n't say it was conceptually difficult . 
  at least for waiters who have been properly trained and use a pivot point system .
