  because it has many similarities . 
  the real problem is islamism and the fascist orthodoxy it demands . 
  edit : i used ` head of state ' too loosely . 
  refined for better accuracy . 
   a spokesperson for the european commission said scotland would not be granted automatic access to the eu . 
  if i never hear another person 's opinion quoted as fact from the ` eu ' it will be too soon . 
  ` the eu ' did not say anything . 
  at best the ec did . 
  and it 's not clear whether or not this is an official ec view . 
  in any case , the eu official viewpoint would come from a legal opinion drafted by the cjeu . 
  an opinion that was requested by scotland in 2014 but which they declined to give . 
  sure , and i like this way of discussing . 
  only thing i would add is that i would n't interpret any wariness or slowness in calling for a ref , or in providing a defined date , as an attempt to back out . 
  nicola can let may 's ( mis ) handling of brexit play out and try to capitalise on just the right moment , or at a minimum wait until there 's a reasonable certainty . 
  if the snp do n't need to beat may by going to the polls before art 50 is triggered , then they can hedge their bets any time before 2019 ( assuming art 50 is 2017 ) . 
  i also agree with you that ruk economy is a critical element in scottish politics , as the scots have a dependency on uk subvention . 
  i 'm only saying that if the uk economy tanks , and the pound plummets , then it becomes a choice between whether it 's more valuable to have a go at living on their own means or continuing on with the reduced value of uk subsidy . 
  it may be more valuable to remove that dependency if suffering is mutually assured . 
  also , even if there is a commitment to join the euro , that commitment can be made and implementation more or less indefinitely delayed . 
  i think this was written elsewhere in the thread , but first polling on the ref last time was 28 % support for independence , which rose to 45 % at the actual polls . 
  if they are polling now at or around 50 % , there 's no reason to assume they are out of striking range of victory . 
  where i think we have a disagreement is about who the scots actually support and where they closest align . 
  clearly looking at your flair and looking at mine we both have a bias towards that . 
  and i 'm okay to admit it . 
  i do not think that snp are trying to back out of the ref commitment or proposal , like scottish labour are insinuating . 
  but at the same time , i agree that how may conducts brexit and what results she may achieve will play a critical role in determining what nicola does . 
  if it 's likely that the uk will keep market access , and uk/eu will come up with some compromise about each other 's citizens , then of course snp will avoid calling for a vote to leave . 
  on the other hand , if the uk are to end up on their own deserted island due to brexit , and suffer greatly economically , worries about north sea oil and the scottish economy are less powerful . 
  under mutually assured economic hardship , the choice between westminster and brussels is easier to make . 
  i do n't think the snp view it that way . 
  a ref was risky while the uk was at the time committed to the eu . 
  but that 's changed . 
  i think the snp believe they 're at the foot of a great momentum swing caused by may and the bitter insanity of the brexit process . 
  that the tories are now also pushing brexit resolved a political conflict for scots who hate the tories but did n't want to leave the uk and thus the eu . 
  most scots are anti-tory and side with the eu over the uk . 
  now they have a clear party to reflect it . 
  so i would predict a relationship between the brexit negotiations and independence . 
  the more it seems as if may is going to push for and receive a hard brexit , the more that independence will be appealing to scots , and the more likely it is that they will vote for it . 
  all snp need right now is a really good campaign message and outreach strategy . 
  the ` no ' vote in this new ref campaign really have their work cut out for them . 
  the fact that it was literally an unprecedented situation is a key factor , the importance of that can not be overstated . 
  i honestly do not think enough credence was given to the truly exceptional nature of the problem . 
  politics was allowed to take up a position of importance it should not have had . 
  it should never have arisen that politics or political disagreement could result in the loss of an eu member state or a destabilisation of the $ and the eu . 
  and politics was the lens through which the entire affair was viewed . 
  it was a grand political drama that nobody could or really wanted to turn away from . 
  especially the media . 
  i 'm making that point because i believe that politics are colouring the situation , depending upon whom you side with . 
  specifically i honestly object to the idea that syriza , tsipras , varoufakis , or the greek government itself were unreasonable , irresponsible , ingrates making demands on a reasonable and fair set of creditors . 
  as is often claimed . 
  there was and still seems to be a demand that greece and greek government leaders be perfect in order to justify assistance . 
  or that whatever claims are made about how affairs are conducted in greece are n't also applicable to other european states . 
  i do not think that there are any european countries with hands as clean as the greeks ' hands are supposed to be . 
  this is the standard against which progress in greece is judged , and i think it 's unfair . 
  more importantly , the eu and particularly germany seemed to have a selective memory about the history with greece . 
  the position of ` good deal or no deal ' for syriza was not inherently a bad position to take . 
  the deal in 2010 * was * a bad deal , and it did result in tremendous economic damage to the country . 
  and it appeared to be the case that the greeks suffered in that way to protect the eurozone from contagion . 
  i do not think much if any real thought was given to the impact on greece . 
  that the imf was saying that the 2010 plan had been a mistake while it was also negotiating a new plan with greece is not insignificant ; nor is the fact that they continue to say that no plan will work for greece without serious debt forgiveness . 
  for a reasonable person , if 2 of 3 parties are saying that mistakes were made in the past and thus that a similar plan would likely continue them , it should have brought everyone to the table in problem-solving mode to discuss economics in relation to a solution . 
  i did not hear , and still have n't heard , either the imf or the eu take any responsibility for the impact of the 2010 plan on greece . 
  i brought that up because if you were greece , or syriza , you would have wanted to fight for a solution that would n't carry on or worsen the situation in greece . 
  you would have expected that other parties take responsibility in the same way they were asking you to do , and you would have expected that the political situation in the eu or in member state politics would take a backseat to preventing the collapse of a memberstate and the suffering of its people who are europeans . 
  but none of that happened , and despite being told and knowing that the plan would n't work , suffering as a moral requirement was enforced anyway , in order to appeal to national politics and avoid empowering one 's political opposition back home . 
  grexit should never have been a possibility anyone ever considered . 
  there is no mechanism to force out an eu member -- and it would have been well for the eu to reflect on the value of the eu promise before allowing politics to undermine it . 
  the eu is intended to be a union of cooperation ; not of us versus them thinking . 
  neither should there ever have been a possibility for negotiations to sink the greek banking system . 
  the ecb could have played the part of being truly independent and stabilising the greek banking system -- through the cbg -- under its mandate , and its bog understanding that they were literally in an unprecedented situation which would require extreme measures . 
  it would need to be proactive rather than reactive , because there should have been a notion that the greek banking system had some inherent value and deserved insulation from political crises caused and resolved by politicians . 
  to me the entire affair is an example of the worst europeans can be and how little the eu project actually matters to the people in charge of it . 
   just fyi , ela limits were set by the ecb multiple times . 
  during the last week before the elas were stopped , the limits were increasing weekly because greece kept going over them . 
  that 's exactly what i mean . 
  there 's no value or point in setting a limit then raising a limit , rinse , repeat . 
  they could have just given the maximum in the beginning and not objected to any claim until the cap was hit . 
  then rejected any claim above it . 
  the process of reviewing the limit , and considering raising the limit , caused uncertainty itself . 
  the media was camped out at every ecb board meeting to find out what the fate of greece 's banking system was . 
  the act of conducting affairs this way made the ecb a player in the bailout negotiations -- specifically because these iterative increases were used as leverage to pressure greece . 
  greece did , for example , have to accept a high risk while negotiating because under the ela caps they had to worry about their position impacting fears of a banking system collapse and prompting the withdrawal of ela . 
  it might be naive , but i think negotiations could have gone differently without a banking collapse as added pressure . 
  you 're starting from a position that says that scotland would need to join . 
  they would argue instead that they are already members and would simply stay members . 
  that 's what they mean by claiming to be a ` successor state ' . 
  having read through that document , i do n't think we have a disagreement over what elas are . 
  in fact , i do n't think anything i 've said is made incorrect by the procedures governing ela . 
   in particular , the ecb 's board of governors has huge power in usage of these extreme measures . 
  and explicit procedures to follow . 
  such as :  in the event of the overall volume of the ela operation exceeding ... a threshold of $ 2 billion , the governing council will consider whether there is a risk that the ela involved may interfere with the objectives and tasks of the eurosystem . 
  upon the request of the ncb ( s ) concerned , the governing council may decide to set a threshold and not to object to intended ela operations that are below that threshold and conducted within a pre-specified short period of time . 
  the ecb could easily have determined what ` temporary ' really meant by giving a defined time-frame , and also by setting a maximum ceiling ( over which the ecb would not go ) at the beginning . 
  there would not be any uncertainty or any added worry with such an approach . 
   i 'm not very sure if the ecj will run favorably to you . 
  i have a view on it , but even if the ecb had won , it would have provided a legal clarity on the matter that is currently lacking . 
   in particular , these `` objectives and tasks '' are : none of those tasks are explicitly relevant to ela , either for or against it . 
  however , in theory it is possible to also argue that by allowing at least one national banking system to collapse , both ` defining and implementing monetary policy ' and ` promoting the smooth operation of payment systems ' would be disrupted . 
  two things immediately would make that clear : * if monetary policy = maintaining a stable euro , a destabilising effect on the currency by grexit would be a violation * a huge number of both greek and european banks would lose access to the payment systems ( target2 ) altogether or be exposed to disruptions caused by unsettled and unsettle-able claims . 
  i do n't think there is any valid reason to assume that greek banks are not applicable to the need for smooth operation of payments or unimportant to the overall eu monetary policy .
