  edit : trying to un-fuck awkward sentence . 
  tree fiddy, 
  i 'm pretty sure that literally by definition can never mean figuratively . 
  according to the waterford whispers ( our satire newspaper ) , last week irish fans saved the schoolgirls kidnapped by boko haram . 
  [ here ] ( http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/2016/06/17/irish-fans-rescue-kidnapped-schoolgirls-from-boko-haram/ ) you go . 
  the ecb functions much like the papacy did during pre-modern eras : working in tandem with states and governments , but having the power to compel them as well . 
  i see this going over like a lead balloon . 
  the germans have been denying that this is a problem for many years . 
  good luck getting them to change it . 
  their economy is entirely structured around it . 
   unless they are getting a massive amount of money from a ubi , people will still want to work crappy jobs . 
  and they 'll work there for 5 minutes until their boss makes them angry , or something at that job feels degrading . 
  then they 'll say ' i do n't have to put up with this ' and quit , because , they do n't actually have to put up with it . 
  without necessity as motivation ( read : want of new things is not necessity ) the onus is on any employer to make work and workplaces attractive enough to keep people around . 
  think of it from an income point of view . 
  consider any mcjob . 
  how many people like working at mcjobs ? 
  few . 
  but people will take what they can get , because they got ta survive . 
  now remove people who hate their mcjob and were only there to make ends meet , remove them from the market . 
  suddenly you have a large number of mcjobs who ca n't fill their rotas because the aggravation of doing so is n't worth the new shiny thing they 've been eyeing . 
  without worrying about starving , there are other ways to make money , ones that are at least tolerable . 
  so really , we end up with a whole class of employers in the same boat ( shite work environment , shite job , shite wage ) who suddenly have to make big changes to attract people and keep them . 
   i want more stuff . '', 
  a good , sustainable ubi would not give so much that people are `` living the good life '' , i 'm not worried about ` the good life ' . 
  what you are arguing i think is the motivation to consume ( buy shiny new stuff ) is a higher priority than being treated well at a job . 
  and that this lifestyle inflation will not require employers to behave differently . 
  and i disagree . 
  if people do n't need to put up with nonsense , then within a short span , they wo n't . 
  they 'll say ' i can find some other place to earn the x $ i want to buy a ps5 ' , and they 'll quit . 
  in that situation , the employer ( mcjob ) is more reliant on his/her worker than the workers are on him/her . 
  s/he needs a crew more than workers need a ps5 . 
  if he ca n't staff a shift , mcburgers do n't get made . 
  so it 's about the relative dependencies , which are shifting away from employees and onto employers . 
  which means change in work culture . 
  what you 're missing is that a lot of people work jobs they do n't like , because they have to . 
  one impact of ubi is that people who work jobs they hate to subsist will stop doing it . 
  employers who are employing these people now will have to change their work culture and practises in order to entice people to work in those jobs . 
  which is a great thing . 
  on a broad level , the german report is essentially noting that the labour and capital relationship in the labour market would change . 
  outside of public relations , and labour law , the current system is pretty dependent in a number of sectors on workers being driven by necessity into taking jobs . 
  ubi reverses that : employers must then compete to have workers who want to work there . 
  i agree with you that people want more than subsistence . 
  they want to do something , achieve something , be a part of something , etc. 
  the problem has been that except in sought after positions , there has never been a necessity to provide it . 
  after ubi , there would be . 
  changes to the labour market are coming whether people like them or not . 
  we should not be afraid to start preparing for a new labour market relationship . 
  otherwise in the short term displacement will be a huge problem , and in the long-term , disruption for a sizeable % could also be a barrier to a future healthy economy . 
  how were they expected to fix their economy while piling up debt , and with the benefit of only 5 % of the money provided to them ? 
  i think by ` fix their economy ' what is meant is fully liberalise it and slash pension and social spending . 
  i personally disagree with the bailout , for lots of reasons . 
  the most important one is that our govt should never have given a guarantee to any bank , and the ones in our economy who faced insolvency should have been allowed to fail . 
  eu should not have reinforced a bad decision made by the irish govt at the time . 
  however , you fail to note that ireland going insolvent as a state would have caused a cascade failure to the eu financial system because of wider vulnerabilities . 
  the eu acted in its own interest to preserve the system by bailing out the piigs countries . 
  at the same time , loans given as a means to prevent moral hazard is a bit rich coming from countries whose fiscal policy is to create structural imbalances . 
  the fact that all the piigs are struggling to dig their way out of debt they can barely manage simply works to support their creditors . 
  not only is a dutch surplus someone else 's deficit , but it was dutch banks , like german banks , who were on the other end of all that irresponsible borrowing . 
  in other words , we do n't have free markets , we have a halfway concealed mercantile system where everybody wants to sell but not to buy . 
  and who were willing to loan reckless amounts to make it happen . 
  what 's your point ? 
  taxpayers who fronted the money will get their money back plus interest . 
  what 's worse is the blatant ignoring of the fact that it was in the interest of the eu to give ireland a bailout -- remember the word contagion ? 
  or did you forget the sovereign bond crisis ? 
  it seems so . 
  i have 99 issues with the bailout , but the eu offering assistance in an unusual and acute circumstance is not one of them . 
  because there is no evidence anywhere that they would have to leave the eu and then re-apply to get back in . 
  the issue of whether scotland can claim successor state status or not would be determined by cjeu , and not by anyone else . 
  if you recall , in last indyref snp asked cjeu for an official legal opinion on this , and cjeu declined to provide one . 
  everybody else was simply speaking in personal capacity or out their hole . 
  i understand that many people have an opinion on the issue , but people should be honest and say ` this is my view on this ... ' rather than claiming their assumption as fact . 
  it is not fact ; there is no finding of material fact in this matter . 
  it should be ` liberte , fraternite , equalite ' . 
  the question is , is it ? 
  if that were the uk 's position -- to try and play ireland against the eu , there 's a likelihood this will backfire and end up in unification with ni . 
  balance of power up there is now uneven , and a really shocking event from westminster could be enough to turn the tide . 
  well if that 's the case , then sure , we 're on board . 
  because the concern is that what is good for the eu is not necessarily good for ireland . 
  and of course that we would be coerced ( informally ) into taking a deal we do n't want . 
  there is an instance where a deal is mutually acceptable . 
  but there is also an instance where a deal is made between the eu and the uk with provisions ( a hard border in ni , end of gfa and cta ) that ireland can not accept . 
  i refer to the latter . 
  and there is a chance ireland would refuse to ratify or sign such a deal . 
  well , you could loosely think of ` ethical ' in this context as ` do n't break the law . ', 
  in general that is true in both people and businesses . 
  but of course there are also very important exceptions where breaking the law is the ethical choice . 
  but i do n't think db or hsbc qualify . 
  you underestimate how ` we ' ( ireland ) actually feel . 
  we love you ( the eu ) and are happy to stay . 
  but we know everything that goes bad in this discussion between you and the uk hurts us , and could hurt us very badly . 
  we have our own priority here : maintaining the gfa , the cta , no putting in a border , helping the ni who voted to stay , and not having our economy ruined ( our largest trading partner is the uk ) . 
  our interests are very different than the eu 's interests and responsibilities . 
  we 're much more like a child caught between divorcing parents than someone on your team . 
  and you need to get that straight , because there 's a chance we 'll veto any deal that does n't meet our needs . 
  who 's the ` we ' you 're talking about ? 
  the ` we ' i 'm talking about is ireland . 
  and we are on the front-line , in the line of fire . 
  you having even less of a grudge against the uk than we do are likely to destroy our economy and destabilise ni if you 're not careful . 
  and they think something equally pejorative about the eu .
