  the point of the eu is that all countries must treat every eu member the same . 
  usa/canada can not pick and choose which countries in the eu they will require a visa for . 
  either all eu require a visa or none do . 
  if the eu parliament vote to put visa on us citizens it will be them defending the rights of all eu citizens . 
  for once , doing their job . 
  no , we have the ecj still remaining as our champion . 
  it 's not spineless and politically motivated like the ec . 
  privacyshield , scc , and eula are all going to be struck down by the ecj , which will force the us to either change or be cut off from the eu . 
  the eu said roaming was going to be abolished in the eu starting 15 june . 
  roaming will still be in force come 15 june for any service not guaranteed to be in the core . 
  ( unless something changes ) the article did n't say ` the eu lied ' it said we were misled . 
  and we have been misled . 
  i think the article comes from a view that has an inherent mistrust of the eu , that the eu says one thing and does another . 
  some other people might not blame the eu for this if they hold generally good perception of the eu , that 's fine . 
  but remember that this roaming deal has been a saga -- this is the second time around there was a proposal on it . 
  that more or less could be construed as the eu satisfied the providers by leaving them this loophole . 
  in that case it would be a feature of the deal rather than a bug . 
  you 're overreacting a bit . 
  i do n't think too many people read the article itself . 
  the author does n't imply that ` the interpretation will be considered valid and stand in court . ', 
  he says that this is the view adopted by the providers in ireland ( except for vodaphone ) , and that the generic response by the regulator ( something that happens all the time here ) says clearly where the regulator stands . 
  if in fact the providers can do what they appear to be doing because of the law , then the regulators will do nothing . 
  and the only solution will be something from the parliament or the ecj . 
  also , calling someone a ` conspiracy theor [ ist ] ' for being the first person to report something , or for having doubts about eu institutions is pretty crap . 
  he presents evidence of what irish providers are doing . 
  where 's yours that he 's wrong ? 
  it was on the legislators . 
  the whole idea is that users should be able to travel anywhere in the eu without ever being charged roaming fees . 
  and that their domestic services should work exactly the same way across the entirety of the eu . 
  there should be a provision where domestic providers can not change their services to thwart the spirit of the agreement . 
  hopefully the publicity and the responses by the public motivate the legislators to come down hard on providers . 
  i am myself with 3 and this nonsense makes me want to take my business elsewhere . 
  i feel sorry for the people for whom it is not that simple . 
  it 's not a stretch . 
  the article makes it crystal clear how the law is being circumvented by providers . 
  if a provider can declare through changes to the t&c that data is no longer a core service , and can then separate data from the guaranteed roam-free core , they are able to continue to charge roaming fees where the idea of the eu law is to prevent it . 
  that 's a pretty big actual loophole . 
  it 's also pretty clear that the author has a valid point in saying we were misled . 
  the point is n't that scotland has some great economy . 
  it 's that now there 's fear and misfortune in staying as well . 
  the brexit vote has taken away the power of fear to compel choice . 
  since fear was the main selling point of the no vote , those who want scotland to stay need to come up with a good and convincing reason . 
  whereas the snp and others can sell the emotive dream of an independent scotland without being too beholden to uncertainty . 
  and i bet they are more expensive too . 
  we have plenty of situations where the same item is more expensive one place in the eu than another . 
  looking at you amazon ... 
  not really . 
  there are two kinds of voters who vote for an extreme party ( left or right ) : those who genuinely believe in them , and those who turn to them reluctantly because centrist parties are failing . 
  the former are unaffected by most anything . 
  the latter are affected by a lack of alternatives . 
  in that sense the growth of afd ( and all the others ) comes as a response to centrist policy failure . 
  unless the cdu/spd suddenly find a way to fix the political issues with the eu , afd may have a bad election or two but wo n't be eliminated . 
  not with greece , italy , brexit , and possibly ( but hopefully not ) france on the horizon . 
  i 'm not basing my assumptions on the strength of the scottish economy . 
  clearly they have a lot of work to do there . 
  i 'm basing my assumptions on the impact of fear . 
  the biggest reason no won the referendum was that yes succeeded in scaring everyone that leaving the uk would be a catastrophe . 
  now there is almost certainly going to be suffering no matter what they choose . 
  the question is do they want to suffer for themselves or suffer for the uk ? 
  that seems like a pretty straightforward question to answer , considering how little support the tories get in scotland . 
  there was already a referendum , so figuring out the general levels of who believes what , and what the arguments will be , is n't hard . 
  in the last referendum , 45 percent of the voters wanted independence no matter what dangers it posed to scotland outside the uk . 
  55 percent thought it should stay . 
  the whole referendum was about two things : project fear and the economy . 
  the no campaign was waged completely on the idea that independent scotland could n't be in the eu and would economically suffer without the uk . 
  now it looks like scotland is set to leave the eu and suffer economically anyway , * because * of the uk . 
  it 's really hard to think that those old arguments will hold any water in this new context . 
  and if they convince just 5.1 % of voters to change their mind ( which is extremely likely considering the brexit vote ) , then this referendum wo n't fail . 
  my guess would be something like 66 % to 33 % for independence and eu membership . 
  unlikely to happen . 
  hard to scare scotland now when all the things that scared them into voting no the first time are set to happen after brexit . 
  ` incentiv [ ises ] the behaviours that the people of your country want ' is just another way of saying ` have your cake and eat it too . ', 
  if germany or the uk outsource their logistics , manufacturing , or coding effort to romania or czech republic , they are incentivising those states to suppress wages . 
  that in turn incentivises romanians or czechs to leave looking for better pay , and they go to the places where all the profit went . 
  if you try to achieve both suppressing wages and cutting off free-movement using government restriction , you remove the incentive for countries in poorer parts to be in the same union . 
  it 's simply a structural programme to benefit rich countries at the poor country 's expense . 
  if the eu becomes just a rich countries club , it falls apart . 
  now i should add that i 'm a critic of the eu , in this particular context for not leveling the structural inequalities in the current system . 
  but i would n't support allowing the uk to unilaterally make things worse for everyone just to make things better for itself . 
  the problem with the eu was in creating free movement but not equalising pay and ppp across all eu states . 
  of course with structural inequalities people are going to move to the places where they can earn the most for their efforts . 
  what point is there in being in the eu for e. europe if you do n't get all the freedoms associated with membership ? 
  also note that w. europe is both benefiting and enabling the low wages that are driving emigration to w. europe . 
  w. europe is helping to cause the problem it is complaining about . 
  here 's a more accurate answer than the one you got . 
  target2 is the way that banks settle accounts between themselves . 
  when people or institutions make transactions , it 's actually the banks of the giver and the receiver who carry them out . 
  for example , when i buy a pair of shoes from a seller in germany with my card , what actually happens is that submitting the order creates an authorisation request . 
  if my bank receives it and authorises it , then information is transmitted instructing to the seller 's bank instructing it to credit the account of the seller . 
  my bank also debits my account as the buyer assuming that i have authorised it send a certain amount to the seller 's bank . 
  that 's how transactions actually work on the first phase . 
  it 's important to note that it means money is actually not transferred directly from my bank account to someone else 's bank account . 
  however , these are just actions taken internally on both sides ( my bank debits me , his bank credits him ) by the respective banks , on notice of an impending transaction ( authorisation ) . 
  in the second phase , the actual work of transferring funds , from buyer 's bank to seller 's bank , which is called settlement , happens between the banks themselves through a network called target2 . 
  each bank wants an asset to match its liability , or a debit to offset it 's liability . 
  just fyi , the seller 's bank who credited the seller 's account actually created a liability , and it wants an asset ( the actual money ) to offset . 
  and the buyer 's bank who removed a liability has to show the corresponding asset was also removed . 
  for regular people , credits are assets , and debits are liabilities , but for a bank it 's the opposite . 
  in our context , if i have an account in italy , and i decide to close it , and to then deposit the money into an account in germany , the new bank gives me a credit in the amount that is authorised by the transfer , and then my old bank in italy adds my money to its list of owed liabilities . 
  if target2 is functioning like it should , in the long-term its balance should be zero .
