   i 'm just protesting you calling states legitimate authorities , or claiming that most people consider them such . 
  because most people do . 
  the few people who attempt to withdraw their consent and/or to advocate to dissolve a state for its usurption of freedom ( the anarchists for example ) are not treated with much respect . 
  in fact , anarchists are more than familiar with the views towards the state that the majority hold . 
  they have been trying to make an inroads for ages to convince people to abandon the state . 
  but , in this era , unfortunately , the state is stronger than ever . 
  so i am just relaying what the masses think , whether you dispute their reasons for it or not . 
   given that this is a position i have been defending forever . 
  you have been defending the position that people should repeat referendums when the result creates controversy ? 
   i 'm not willing to throw away anything but you are . 
  in order to have referendum # 2 , you must invalidate referndum # 1 . 
  and there should be a compelling basis for that ... and so far , there is n't any . 
   i 'm just addressing the possibility that the popular opinion of the population about a topic can change with time it 's only been a week . 
   due to they binary/discrete nature you ca n't ` sort of ' leave -- binary decisions are often the only relevant kind . 
   when they feel that the current direction a country is heading does n't represent them as a whole there will never be 100 % agreement . 
  often there will never even be a ` consensus ' agreement . 
  at the same time , decisions have to be made . 
  so part of democracy means being willing to accept an outcome even if it is n't the one you want . 
  they do n't re-run elections or other public consultations based only on the results and the amount of support for one side . 
  you should also recognise the fact that the media is both heavily biased against the result , whipping up a frenzy , and people everywhere are behaving emotionally and irrationally . 
  you 're in the middle of an echo chamber ramped up to 11 . 
  support for that kind of mob mentality is neither healthy nor welcome in a democracy . 
  people should be being told to calm down and get to work , rather than to embrace the craziness . 
  if i were cynical , i 'd say you were simply deflecting here . 
  but ... 
  i made zero claims about you , where you come from , or anything to do with your person or circumstances . 
  i simply judged the words you wrote , and the meaning they contain . 
  in that case , you may have written an elaborate justification for one thing , but the sum total of the justification is indeed an elaborate apology . 
  it is a perfectly valid criticism to suggest that a person is creating a rationalisation to legitimise what is bascially an emotional reaction . 
  it 's not any kind of ad hominem attack . 
  to give you an example of what i mean , look at this sentence :  the need for a country 's policy to always be tied to the current will of its population has always been one of my core principles and yet you would willingly throw this away to achieve the result you support . 
  what does the ` current will of the people ' indicate ? 
  a clear majority was reached , in a fair and legitimate process . 
  why are you willing to overlook their statement , and to essentially invalidate the voice of the uk people on the matter ? 
  what * actually * motivates this request ? 
  if you truly had no skin in the game , there would be no reason to run the referendum again . 
  you would simply accept the result , even sad as it might be , and deal with it . 
  i thus see the ` the right to continuous democratic checks of this kind ' as a euphemism for ' i did n't like this result , so i 'll ask them again . ', 
  as if the question somehow needs to be re-asked less than a week after the first time it was asked . 
  what you also seem to want to do is to capitalise on ` bregret ' and the reaction of the markets to the vote , as a means to hopefully have convinced people to change their minds the next time around . 
  so honestly , it makes no difference to me whether or not we continue to discuss . 
  i stand behind my assessment of the reasoning you present for a 2nd referendum as being a very flimsy rationalisation to disguise a desire to reverse a decision you did n't like . 
   do they really ? 
  of course they do . 
  the modern state , sometimes a nation-state , is the fundamental political unit across the globe . 
  how many places are stateless ? 
  and how often do stateless citizens cause serious problems for states who encounter them ? 
   states have been around since the dawn of civilization no , they have n't . 
  there have been * nations * around since the dawn of civilisation , being overseen by monarchy , theocracy , plutocracy , and in some cases democracy . 
  in most cases usage of the word ` state ' in those eras is really just short-hand for some person or org claiming the authority to preside over a related ethnic group . 
  often times the basis of that claim is divinity . 
  the modern state really has its origin in rousseau 's time , where france is considered to be the first nation-state . 
  a state becoming for the first time distinct as a legal entity apart from the ethnic group ( s ) which compose it . 
   states are not really authorized by the people , it 's all just a compromise and nation states just happen to seem to be the largest kind of state that can stay sort of stable . 
  modern political theory , at least the theory which led to the founding of the us and the states that arose afterwords , explicitly states that the political system for a state derives from the consent of the governed . 
  that in fact states * only * have legitimacy where the people both consent to be governed by the institution , and only where that consent is freely given . 
  without that consent , there would be no de-legitimising regimes that are run by dictators , or are otherwise oppressive . 
  what you are arguing is basically ` might makes right ' , or that whatever force has enough power to maintain stability is the force that is a legitimate government . 
  which is wrong in the view of almost every democratic state in the world . 
  best part :  ` most of you have never done a proper job in your lives . ', 
  ouch . 
  felt good to hear that . 
  that 's definitely the problem . 
  the 80s . 
  guess that solves that . 
  they have two problems : * a bad habit of corruption that saw them fiddle the books and which put them in a horrible position in 2010 * a group of european leaders who forced them down the wrong path in 2010 and continue on with that path today they have a responsibility to try and reform the first themselves . 
  like all the other countries ( looking at you spain , romania , bulgaria , italy , etc ) . 
  a federal eu run by germany and it 's current ideology would be an absolute disaster for everyone that is n't germany ( and nl , etc ) . 
  the day the germans give up their unhealthy obsession with ` the black zero ' is a day the rest of europe could start thinking of letting them lead economic policy . 
  so the problem with greece is that germany ca n't be asked to pay for greece , because germans do n't decide greek policy ? 
  and the solution is to keep paying for greece and also to decide greek policy ? 
  we are getting a true dose of eu logic here . 
  lol . 
  so merkel only has to look after the interests of germany , and not make eu policy . 
  but she also has to make eu policy because nobody else can make eu policy . 
  quelle surprise when that policy turns out to favour germany . 
  i guess that 's it lads , there 's no other way europe could be run . 
   at the same time they lack the proper tools to make policy . 
  what tools are those ? 
   if there tools to enforce fiscal policy in member countries then you could call if her fault there are policies , and there are tools . 
  they only apply to smaller countries however . 
   people sometimes expect the eu to work like the us without realizing that it is nothing like it actually , being politically dysfunctional enough that someone tries to secede is * exactly * like the us . 
   in that situation you simply ca n't throw german tax money at greek problems without being able to hold the greeks accountable for that money . 
  then why do you keep doing it ? 
  and worse , when * everyone * keeps saying , in clear language , that it 's the wrong approach being taken now , was the wrong approach taken in 2010 , and wo n't be solved until debt relief happens , * nothing changes * . 
  and who is stopping progress in greece ? 
  germany , at least until after the next election so that it can be someone else 's problem . 
   also blaming her for the refugee crisis caused by an us-anglo war is more than just a bit hypocritical . 
  no one blames her for that . 
  they blame her for the more or less open door policy for refugees/immigrants , without any consideration for the effects , without a clear plan for how to manage it , and without concern for how it would impact other states . 
  and then , making a deal with erdogan ( or the devil ) to allow a state that is totally unfit for the eu to start accession proceedings just so it will agree to keep a bunch of people in refugee camps on its shores rather than in greece . 
  well , when it is n't shooting them in the back when they try and cross over the border . 
  a whole bunch of people here in ireland protested when the lisbon treaty was re-run . 
  or the nice treaty . 
  we have not forgotten or forgiven it . 
   how exactly does it invalidate those people 's mandate if the exact same people will be voting again ? 
  because the only reason to re-run the referendum is to return a different result . 
  nobody is saying * the process * was invalid . 
  merely the result . 
   they are simply advisory , abiding by the results is n't a pre-requisite .
