  alas it did not . 
   if there is no agreement on basic reality , there is no discussion possible . 
  what does ` basic reality ' even mean ? 
  you 're using the term without any actual definition . 
  from what i can gather it means ` how i view things ' to you . 
  in this context , in fact , basic reality is that there are two people talking about the treaties of the eu and putting forward views about them . 
  as such , there * is * agreement about basic reality . 
  what you are * actually saying * is ` if you do n't agree with me , there is no possibility of conversation ' , which is the very thing i was singling out as the reason extremist politics are advancing . 
  you are not objectively right and claiming to be is a problem . 
   btw , reality does not cease to exist because you do not believe in it . 
  if there is such thing as objective reality . 
  which we have not ever been able to prove because we can not share another 's consciousness . 
  the notion that there is objective reality is at this point a statement of faith , even if an argument can be made that we should do it anyway . 
   at the end of the day , if you start the conversation with `` i do n't value the previous agreement '' , you will find the next one is hard to get . 
  that 's fine . 
  ` hard to get ' does n't mean ` wrong to ask for ' . 
  and ` wrong to ask for ' is not an objective conclusion . 
  i want to answer in the opposite order you mention items to me . 
   but , since you see yourself as the moderator bringing politeness and effectiveness in the debate i do n't see myself this way . 
  i 'm not in charge of anything . 
  although i will say if we ca n't be civil in discussion , i see no point in engaging . 
  it 's detrimental . 
   because to me , the point was precisely `` rules should not matter '' . 
  the request is to * change the rules * , not to ignore them . 
  i think actually that all are in agreement that rules matter . 
   what you call `` meta '' is basic agreement about the shape of the world . 
  surely you understand that there is no basic agreement about the shape of the world . 
  there are many perspectives and disagreements about even the most basic values or principles . 
   it 's a bit irrelevant whatever their point it , if it depends on a world-shape at odds with reality . 
  reality is subjective . 
  your view is that their position is at odds with reality . 
  which is fine . 
  but the problem is when you take your * subjective view * and claim it is * objective * , and therefore those who do n't hold it are idiot deniers of some kind . 
  you may be subjectively right , but you are not objectively right . 
  because i want to focus on the use of the word ` ignorant ' as a means of dealing with those who one disagrees with . 
  where this is the first time i 've seen someone say ` that 's what autocrats do ' , i 've seen repeatedly the use of ad hominem attacks by centrists in response to nationalists . 
  the entire remain campaign and ` liberal media ' in both the us and uk employed this tactic in response to both brexit and trump . 
  it 's not that all choices or requests are equivalent , it 's that even if you and remain/dems have a superior view , it 's incumbent to argue the point and not the person . 
  if you want , i condemn the use of autocrat . 
  does that feel better ? 
  i 'm not on anyone 's side other than to suggest that austria and other states seeking change in the current treaties have reasons that deserve to be heard . 
  there 's not really a need to comment on the same topic in two threads . 
  the framework of the european union includes both an expectation that treaties are followed , and also a possibility that they can be amended or cancelled . 
  once enacted they 're law , but they 're also not immutable . 
  i find the argument over whether or not it 's ` ignorant ' to have any certain view towards the treaties to be inane . 
  if op ( or austria or some other state ) think that effects of the current treaty do n't work for them , there 's nothing wrong with laying out an argument in favour of amendment . 
  it does n't mean anyone else has to agree . 
  what is a bad idea is getting lost in the ` meta ' aspect and arguing that people who want to change are idiots instead of directly dealing with their points . 
  suppose they actually are ignorant -- they still have a vote , and austria is still a state . 
  you still need to find a way to convince them , otherwise when there are enough of them , they 'll vote to leave the eu and/or create political chaos . 
  if it really is ` self-evident ' , then there is a noblesse oblige to be persuasive and reasonable rather than elitist and domineering . 
  i 'm not sure that 's fair . 
  i do n't think i tacitly agreed to the use of the word ` autocrat ' . 
  my point was that insulting people who disagree means that their points are n't considered . 
  and that means problems are n't solved . 
  and that means centrist politics fail . 
  both terms are apparently derogatory in certain contexts . 
  i assume that both were being used ( and objected to ) in that way . 
  i did n't call anyone anything . 
  also , one wrong does not justify another wrong , irrespective of whether the word ` autocrat ' is a negative term . 
  i re-read your parent comments . 
  your fact is ` treaties are made to be followed ' , while your opponent says ` treaties are made to be amended ' . 
  these can distill down to a dispute about whether or not people should expect treaties to change with either time or conditions . 
  i do n't really see where ` basic facts ' enter into this discussion at all . 
  specifically , i do n't see where your opponent is stating that breaking treaties is acceptable . 
  i see her instead arguing for changing them . 
  i really dislike the practise of calling everyone you disagree with ignorant . 
  one of the things that is driving extremist politics is that centrists are sending a message that says ` the fact that we 're right is self-evident . 
  if you disagree , you 're ignorant ' . 
  for some reason , that just does n't seem to create unity , conversation , and problem solving . 
  i do n't know why . 
  i 'm not speaking of any market in terms of ` only wanting the good parts ' . 
  in fact , the more important point is that you acknowledge that there are in fact bad parts to the market . 
  bad parts to the market = ` losers ' in the market . 
  the issue i 'm trying to bring up is that ` losers ' in the markets are political actors . 
  while economists may have accepted that the return ( lower prices ) for millions is worth the price paid ( unemployment or reduced wages ) for the ` losers ' , politics has not . 
  this is the basis of the backlash against globalism . 
  we do not have a situation where economics is the governing principle . 
  we have politics as a governing principle , and i 'm pointing to what is a conflict between the two . 
  because the labour markets are n't aimed at servicing the public good . 
  the government is aimed that way . 
  ( at least in theory ) the ` rising tide ... boats ' idea itself only creates widespread prosperity indirectly . 
  what is best for the markets may not be what is best for the people themselves . 
  only from ' a certain point of view ' . 
  a counter-point is the question ` what is the social contract between the people of austria and the state of austria ' ? 
  or in other words , to whom does the state of austria owe allegiance ? 
  its people , or its labour markets ? 
  the idea that intra-eu , free movement of labour = ` may the best man win ' , also means that the each state 's role is merely to guarantee equal access to the markets . 
  and that means despite the fact that austrians are the people who elect their government , their government 's first duty is not to them . 
  now i do n't want to come across as championing protectionism . 
  merely to argue that this request in combination with other activities ( brexit , iceland , greece come to mind ) means that we should take a look at whether or not some greater controls by individual states are warranted . 
  that instead of simply being ideologically dismissive . 
  a constitution can not preclude voluntary association . 
  in fact , voluntary association is what gives a constitution legitimacy . 
  voluntary association is based on consent , which can be withdrawn at any time . 
  otherwise it is not consent . 
  these are basic principles of ` natural law ' upon which all modern democracies are based . 
  it is a basic human freedom . 
  in other words , all people , even catalans , have a ` god given ' right to decide whom they will freely associate with . 
  if they so choose they may any time they want , vote to withdraw their consent .
