  confiscating depositor money is outright theft . 
  not only do depositors not under any circumstances agree to be investors ( that they might lose all or some of their money ) , but they do n't receive any coupon premium to offset the risk they are apparently taking under your scenario . 
  ever wonder why investors get a rate of return ( interest ) ? 
  it 's because they take the risk and demand compensation for it . 
  that 's the entire point of investing . 
  what the eu did in cyprus , and what it intends to do in the future are just flat wrong . 
  a depositor is in no way shape or form responsible for the financial integrity of the bank itself . 
  they just put their money there , * trusting * that it will be there for them when they need it . 
  violating that trust undermines the idea of a bank altogether . 
  the threat of taking depositors ' money just means that depositors will rush to transfer it out , or to cash it out of the bank , before capital controls are applied . 
  this will cause a bankrun before it does anything to prevent one . 
  a depositor ! = an investor . 
  why should someone who lodges their money in the bank be made responsible for that bank 's problems ? 
  at least an investor gets a coupon premium which prices in the risk of default . 
  despositors get nothing , and clearly have not agreed to be investors explicitly . 
  if it comes to it , scotland will take the matter to the ecj and try the case about being a successor state , or about their people having a right to remain eu citizens because they already are eu citizens . 
  i do n't know the exact argument -- but it 's basically the matter the eu conspicuously avoiding opining on in 2014 . 
  it 's not about competence . 
  spain is being entirely self-protective . 
  op is correct . 
  what they are trying to do is kick the can down the road a little . 
  they want scotland to declare independence so that they can argue they are outside the eu . 
  then they want scotland to have to apply , so that they can object , and probably eventually , after a long and grueling process , finally relent to allow accession . 
  they ca n't allow an internal-accession process of any kind because catalonia will try it too after the precedent is set . 
  at the same time , they 're kind of screwed in that the eu states are broadly supportive of scotland wanting to stay , and they will end up being the only state who is trying to keep them out , for reasons that have nothing to do with scotland . 
  which would be obvious and create a confrontation with the eu . 
  i think rajoy is just trying to buy time here . 
  the germans vetoed it . 
  like they tried to veto omt and lost . 
  it 's much more a morality thing than it is a legal thing . 
  there are rules to prevent state aid , not aid to banks . 
  i 'm not talking about the ecb making loans to sov states . 
  i 'm talking about direct recapitalisation and/or taking loans that do n't perform off the banks to sell in the markets . 
  if the banking system in italy fails , the ecb will have failed in its directly mandated mission to protect bank access to target 2 , as well as to protect the stability of the system . 
  in cases where a single bank is the problem , i prefer the eu to protect depositors and junior creditors from theft . 
  the bank can be wound up . 
  if the entire system is in danger of collapse , i want the ecb to step in and stabilise it . 
  that 's what it 's for . 
  that headline is such click-bait . 
  the first line :  scottish leader nicola sturgeon got a `` sympathetic '' hearing in brussels on wednesday as she pleaded her case for scots to stay in the eu , showing how britain 's vote to leave the bloc could splinter the united kingdom . 
  that does n't sound so bad . 
  where is the word ` rebuffed ' then used ? 
   but she drew a rebuff from spain and a mixed response from european officials . 
  what a surprise , the spanish want to stop her from getting an agreement . 
  would n't want to give catalonia ideas . 
  but otherwise , these were just difficult opening talks . 
  from many people 's perspective , that 's the story . 
  for people who might be pretty hopeless , maybe breaking the system was in their interest -- especially if they came to believe that their government could help them if the eu would get out of its way . 
  spain can object . 
  but it might be irrelevant . 
  i would also expect scotland to take the matter to the ecj if they have to , where the individual objections of a member state wo n't matter . 
  so basically , when a bank has a bunch of non-performing loans , it has to attack the parts of the bank that * are * performing . 
  and it has to steal money from depositors inter alia to do it . 
  it 's still stuck with the loans also , until it becomes insolvent and then it can ask for help . 
  that 's a brilliant system . 
  italian banks are in trouble , as are their bondholders . 
  absent capital controls , those bondholders are going to dump their holdings in the banks ' commercial paper . 
  and anybody who can is going to transfer every $ over 100k out , or everything , from those banks . 
  which means at the same time there is a possibility of insolvency due to non-performing loans , there is also going to likely be a problem of illiquidity as well , as money flows out of the bank at a time when it needs it . 
  so let 's do it , let 's collapse the italian banking sector , and watch as the contagion spreads to government bonds , in a state which has over 200 % debt to gdp at present . 
  exactly . 
  depositors should * never * be asked to rescue a bank , no matter how much they have on deposit . 
  they should be rescued * from * the bank , by a system that guarantees their cash . 
  alright . 
  i learned my lesson . 
  i will assume nutjobs and beware . 
  i 'm saying he 's a reputable journalist , not that his opinions are gospel . 
  i do n't mind if you disagree . 
  he 's either right or he 's wrong about the law however , and i have no reason to believe that he is wrong . 
  german gdp is 3.73 tn , so 1 % is 37.3 bn $ . 
  at present , that 's each year for 6 years , meaning 223.8 bn $ . 
  how could the eu use 223 bn ? 
  give everybody who has more than 60 % debt / gdp some haircut on their debt , and spend the rest in places with low wages and little investment . 
  or other solutions , maybe . 
  but just understand the ballpark figure we are working with . 
  it 's contained in the macroeconomic imbalance procedure ' 6 pack ' documents . 
  i 'm not arsed to dig through all of those paragraphs to find the language and then defend it here . 
  the situation was known and discussed for the last few years , both by the ec which told germany to ` do its homework ' , the imf , and reported in the media . 
  that 's why i did a basic cursory search and reported the findings . 
  the telegraph piece is pretty good , and a.e. 
  pritchard is well-respected . 
  he 's an old hand . 
  i understand if you take exception to not producing explicit primary sources , and if you 'd like to use them to show that i 'm wrong , i would of course be receptive to discussing it . 
  forgive the debt of periphery states would be good i think . 
  i made no comment on whether dc and the uk request was valid or not . 
  i was only commenting on what they were after , and did n't get . 
  and how germany is on pace to break the macroeconomic imbalance procedure for the 7th year in a row , for an illegal surplus , while france is going to break it for an illegal deficit . 
  btw germany should have been fined 1 % of it 's gdp every year after the 3rd year until it became compliant . 
  now have we seen any move to enforce these rules ? 
  the main demand was the ability for the uk to both manage benefits paid to immigrants , but also for the ability to regulate the flow of free movement into the uk from within the eu . 
  he got neither . 
  the only thing he received was in line with a decision that had already been decided in the ecj and that which was already part of the treaties . 
  it 's the former . 
  the success of their products is n't just about quality -- it 's about price . 
  price that is maintained by suppressing wage growth internally in germany , and by intentionally benefiting from a depressed ( devalued ) euro . 
  the kinds of acts that would help to bring the eu out of stagnation would be detrimental to the german economy and economic model . 
  encouraging germans to consume more , and germany spending more , would mean paying germans more and germany importing more . 
  granting some space to and spending money in the eu to help return the periphery countries to healthy debt and growth levels would mean not only more competition for germany from cheaper labour states , but also that it would lose some of its market share on products . 
  the balance of trade is an important factor in the health of the union . 
  the germans want to sell products , but not to spend money on them , by design .
