  this exact territory was tread in the lead-up to wwi , and if we want to maintain the political apparatus that is designed to remove threat of war , we need to be more responsive than ` you agreed to this ' . 
   the individual elements , freedom of movement , of goods , of investment etc , are there to balance each other out over every economy . 
  actually , they are there to prevent tensions from arising that lead to war . 
  tensions deriving from disputes over mercantilism or protectionism . 
  the issue is n't that the 4 freedoms are bad . 
  the issue is that there are negative externalities associated with all of them , and that like other broad liberalisation schemes , they currently lack a capacity for redress in the areas they harm . 
  in essence , the discontents are looking for some capacity to limit the things they think damage them . 
  the real problem is that people in places that would vote ` leave ' ( or did ) are people who are going to be unconvinced that 4f are worth the price . 
  and proponents of the 4f did ( and do ) an awful job of trying to justify the greater good . 
   but what has happened , when it worked right ... and any extra workforce goes to work in the west , preventing a crippling welfare bill on a cash starved state . 
  two paragraphs i want to address together . 
  tell this to sunderland and see what they say . 
  a community hollowed out because its productive capacity relocated to a lower-cost jurisdiction . 
  similarly , tell that to the e.e. 
  states who ca n't pay their own people enough to keep them there . 
  net migration is clearly negative -- especially for the highly skilled . 
  it is not a good thing for states to be so transient -- because it reinforces the status quo . 
  the ones farthest behind , stay farthest behind because they lose the benefit of their most important resource : human capital to places with more opportunity . 
  insecurity of labour and suppression of wages also act to limit any real improvement in e.e. , because the more ` equal ' they become to germany , the less attractive they are as a host . 
  and the arrangement does n't benefit germany either . 
  the german car manufacturers moving their assembly or logistics chains to e.e. 
  deprive germany of jobs which would drive german demand . 
  shareholders are the only people really benefiting ; demand increases due to lower car prices are balanced by demand loss if we consider it from the perspective of what it would have produced if it had been there . 
  the broken window fallacy is a good analogy for this . 
   it 's part of the inherent ineficiencies in a competitive market without regulatory framework to establish an optimum outcome . 
  can you elabourate on what you mean by minimum differentiation as applied to the 4f ? 
  i 'm not seeing what you mean . 
   he power of currency devaluation to undermine wages is overstated , trust me , i had to live through them and will continue to do so as the government is heading for a hard budgetary deficit because of such moves . 
  i accept that this is your view . 
  but it is not a counter-argument . 
   there are other ways to increase capital flows between countries , that have nothing to do with export , like a tourist economy , and so surpluses and deficits should n't be seen as been symmetrically linked . 
  of course they are linked . 
  german tourists spending their $ s and german companies looking for cheap labour through capital investment do n't offset the effect of german surplus hoarding . 
  there are clear reasons for that . 
  tax revenue collected from greek businesses ( through sales to german tourists ) does n't get spent in greece -- it gets sent back to germany in loan repayments . 
  it ca n't be invested in greece to counteract a contracted economy . 
  and the greek companies who got the revenue are also taxed heavily ( in theory ) as part of austerity so are denied the demand-increasing re-investment that might happen if there were more discretionary income . 
  what actually happens is that what little economic activity in greece occurs is merely enough to halt the contraction , but not to rebuild gdp . 
  and while greece is the worst off , the suppression of demand is an eu wide problem maintained by a supply-side dominant policy . 
   to us , greece 's position is familiar territory and we do n't consider it an inherent eu problem , despite a wider anglo-media narrative to suggest otherwise . 
  and that 's because if everyone fucks you , you only expect to get fucked . 
  the real objective of the eu ought to be to make e.e. 
  and greece as productive and healthy as germany or other creditor states . 
  not to make any other state suffer as much as some states have . 
  we have achieved a situation in which intra-eu prosperity is a zero-sum game . 
  if you want to change it , redistribution must happen so that income moves in two directions instead of one . 
  otherwise , politics is like to overtake economics ( and not in a way good for the eu project ) in the next decade or two . 
   i have to ask you based on what principle you look before crossing roads . 
  who is the ` i ' , and who is the ` you ' you 're talking about ? 
  if i give you some drug or fiddle your brain chemistry , i can make those cars cease to be a part of your reality at all . 
  the mind that perceives the world around you , which it claims is objective , is in fact entirely malleable and subjective . 
  perhaps you are colourblind and can not differentiate between red and green , for example . 
  to a person born this way , it can never be proven that these are separate colours even if you state that they are part of an objective reality . 
  that distinction simply does not exist in their subjective reality while it does in yours . 
   basic reality is not some mystical thing nor are we discussing it within any kind of mysticism . 
  you are n't being asked to accept ambiguity but instead to substantiate that which is concrete . 
  that should n't be too much an issue because all the elements of your objective reality are concrete . 
   but we need to accept it exists before we can have a conversation . 
  clearly not , because we are having a conversation about whether it exists . 
   and we know it is objective ... what consequences changing it will have . 
  the scientific method presupposes an objective deterministic reality without proving it . 
  that is it 's act of faith . 
   if someone tells me a treaty was written with the purpose that it would be changed , they are wrong finally , off the philosophy . 
  thanks . 
  the fact that there exists a presupposed system to create , edit , or delete the treaties can be construed as evidence they are made to be changed . 
  note likewise that ` made to be followed ' and ` made to be changed ' are not mutually exclusive . 
  they can be made to be both . 
   why do you think we should curtail the fundamental right that is fom to refer to your earlier point , the ` fundamental right ' of fom is only a fundamental right * because * of the treaty . 
  even within natural law there is no right that says bulgarians can move to the uk . 
  the very principle of voluntary association and self-determination , upon which all modern states are founded , is explicit that there is no inherent right absent consent . 
  but , to answer your question , i 'm not arguing * per se * that it should be curtailed . 
  i 'm arguing that if you do n't entertain the requests for change , the eu will eventually implode . 
  which would you rather have : changes to the treaties or no treaties at all ? 
  you make some good points , but i 'm not sure of the relevance . 
   the wider social contract trumps the lower ones , and that wider one for us is the eu . 
  the free movement ( s ) are independent of resource redistribution . 
  the model where all contribute to a common kitty to finance eu-wide goals fails when applied to the free movement ( s ) . 
  if a high number of bulgarians relocate to london , the uk does not receive any offset for social disruption or resource depletion as a result . 
  it does benefit -- mainly by the suppression of wages and supply of cheap labour . 
  but these would be arguably bad things , especially if you are from the uk and you 're competing against someone willing to work much cheaper . 
  for that matter , what is the common good that the four freedoms provide ? 
  free movement of labour and capital mean growth and investment go in opposite directions : growth toward developed states and investment toward the undeveloped ones . 
  on the surface , that seems like a good thing , but it 's not . 
  the investments in those states are extractive based on low wages and loose tax laws . 
  they are designed to benefit the host economy as little as possible so as to maximise return . 
  conversely , the growth achieved in developed states is also extractive -- over time the microeconomies become deflationary . 
  lower wages mean reduced purchasing power , and that reduces demand while the cost-savings is passed upward to shareholders rather than into the local community . 
   if everyone start picking and choosing , then it 's gone . 
  everyone did what was best for them , to the detriment of the whole . 
  a. i do n't buy a slippery slope argument . 
  we ca n't argue that rational behaviour creates a tragedy of the commons ( that states do what 's best for them to the detriment of the whole ) that the eu avoids while the eu is itself running a common monetary policy but not a common fiscal policy . 
  specifically , the lack of a fuller integration ( or a greater independence ) means that the common monetary policy benefits some and harms others . 
  germany 's surplus is greece 's deficit so to speak , while a ` federal ' system would make that a moot point . 
  because then you would actually have a social contract where the benefit to some states is balanced by a redistribution to the others . 
   where the `` social optimum '' gives the best general outcome but requires everyone to not try to undermine the system , the elements that undermine the system are structural . 
   while the `` nash equilibrium '' is inferior but is what happens after a series of defections reaches a point where actors can no longer gain an advantage . 
  the current advantage is entrenched . 
  there is , for example , nothing that greece can do to return itself to prosperity under its own power . 
  stagnation as experienced in the wider eu is the result of a current nash equilibrium between debtor and creditor states . 
  i had hoped that the last paragraph would dissuade you from taking this down the philosophical route .
