  it 's not really in dispute that the members of the eu have empowered it to handle common justice , foreign policy , and regulatory tasks . 
  the us can choose to ignore this if it wishes based on a preference to treat individual countries as individual countries . 
  but that 's not ` how it works ' nor is it by default the way it must be done . 
  this is about to happen anyway unless the us fixes its privacy problems . 
  it 's only an issue for slow-witted people who ca n't decide whether a country is in the eu or not unless the passports are all the same colour . 
  maybe we should impose visa restrictions on americans just because they will inevitably need special attention to figure things out . 
  do you find it 's difficult to figure out which countries are in the eu ? 
  that we would need to issue a universal passport to keep from confusing the americans is so america . 
  no more than the uk government did . 
  i would suggest , unless you are from ireland , ni , or the uk and familiar with the troubles and history of ireland , that you not get involved in such a discussion . 
  it 's a situation where not all opinions are valid and or as good as others . 
  best to leave it to people who know what they 're talking about . 
  why is that relevant ? 
  you 're arguing points that are not in dispute and not understanding the items that are in dispute . 
  i have probably explained this like 10 times now . 
  sigh . 
  the eu makes laws for the eu ; the us makes laws for the us . 
  that 's not in dispute . 
  what we 're talking about is how the us and the eu treat each other 's citizens when they want to come over and visit . 
  in that respect , it 's normal to expect your citizens to be treated the same way your treat their citizens . 
  it 's called reciprocity . 
  the eu negotiates visas on behalf of all schengen-members and all schengen-members who are in process of or obliged to join . 
  there are two schengen opt-outs : the uk and the eu . 
  the uk is leaving over immigration , and afaik we in ireland do n't have policies that are different w.r.t. 
  visas than the eu . 
  our opt out is for the cta that we keep with the uk . 
  when the us says polish people , who are schengen members , and full eu members need a visa , but germans do n't , the eu can hardly turn around to poland and say that it has the same eu membership as other states do . 
  if the eu does n't stand up to the us on behalf of poland , it can hardly tell poland that it values all eu member-states the same . 
  it 's about respect . 
  if the us respects the eu enough that it does n't want us citizens to need visas , it will treat all eu states equally . 
  afaik , there are no separate visas for schengen countries other than schengen-visa . 
  i would really like whomever is saying that there are individual country visas and schengen-visas to point me to where this is happening . 
  look , it 's your prerogative to decide whom to offer visa-free travel to . 
  and you can rationalise the decision any way you want , as you are above . 
  but it 's the eu 's right , under the schengen agreement and as part of the spirit of eu membership , to respond to that in any way we see fit . 
  the way we see fit is to slap visa requirements on you in kind until you start to respect the eu and its members . 
  found the troll . 
  i think your fellow canadians would be very disappointed in you . 
  we 're not arguing over whether the eu can make laws for the non-eu . 
  we 're making the point that the us/canada should expect to get treated by the eu ( all 28 countries in it ) the same way it treats eu countries . 
  in that sense , the eu ( ought to ) object to the us or canada treating any one eu member state differently than another . 
  i 'm not sure what this means exactly . 
  there are 26 schengen member-states . 
  there are two eu states ( uk/ireland ) with opt-outs , and 4 who are legally obliged/in process to join . 
  those 4 latter states should be considered schengen . 
  of those with opt-outs , ireland does n't differ from the eu at all in terms of requiring visas that schengen requires . 
  the uk is on its way out . 
  the point is that us/canadian citizens would be obliged to obtain a visa to enter any schengen ( and irish ) state , exactly like some eu countries ' nationals are obliged to obtain a visa . 
  individual states do not have their own visa-free lists apart from schengen . 
  because of the nature of schengen ( no border-checks ) there is no capacity to stop someone from travelling to another state once admitted to a schengen state , nor is there any requirement to check the visa status of those travelling within schengen . 
  the schengen-visa is the only visa on offer to schengen states for admitting non-eu nationals afaik . 
  whomever is saying this i think is wrong . 
  yes , canada and the us can set whatever policy they like for visa-free travel . 
  and in the eu , we will set whatever ( eu-wide ) policy we like for us/canadian citizens wanting to come to europe . 
  it 's your choice : respect the membership status of all eu countries equally , and deal with the eu , or be prepared for eu-wide reciprocity . 
  lift visa requirements for all eu and schengen members or face visa requirements to enter all eu and schengen states . 
  it really is that simple . 
  we do n't need to sacrifice sovereignty in order to empower the eu to vindicate the equal membership of all eu states . 
  there might be some good reasons to consider federalising , but i do n't think this issue is one of them . 
   because these visa treaties predate the eu . 
  irrelevant . 
  all eu members have elected voluntarily to empower the eu to negotiate these things as a [ common policy ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/borders-and-visas/visa-policy_en ) . 
  it 's not 28 separate states negotiating individual deals with the us , it 's the us negotiating one deal with the eu on behalf of its 28 states . 
   the eu can only require it for a schengenvisa . 
  countries have their own visa agreement with the us which wo n't change . 
  you 're half right , and it 's the wrong half . 
  a common visa policy does exist . 
  i draw your attention to the following :  the eu aims at achieving full visa reciprocity with the non-eu countries whose nationals are exempt from the visa requirement . 
   thus , eu citizens would not need a visa either for travelling to these non-eu countries . 
   for that purpose , a visa reciprocity mechanism has been set up this is the part you 're right about :  the eu has set up a common visa policy for short stays , i.e. 
  stays up to three months , which is applied through the delivery of so-called `` schengen visas '' . 
  the only countries who the eu does not conduct visa negotiations on behalf of are countries that have [ schengen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schengen_area ) opt-outs ( uk/ireland ) . 
  the countries in process of joining schengen or who are legally obliged to join ( bulgaria , croatia , cyprus , and romania ) should be considered schengen countries . 
  you as nl do not set your own visa arrangements with the usa -- as a schengen member the eu negoatiates on your behalf . 
   they have no automatic right to visa free travel with the us , there 's nothing for us to defend . 
   it 's america 's decision . 
  you 're arguing a point that is not in dispute , and missing the point that is . 
  it 's about reciprocity . 
  the eu can , and should , insist that all eu/schengen members be treated the same . 
  and if the us do n't agree , then it is the eu 's * responsibility * to defend the rights of all eu citizens by imposing visa restrictions on us citizens to the eu . 
  by ` rights ' i do n't mean ` right to enter the us ' , i mean the right , within the eu , to free movement and to be equivalent standing within the eu . 
  i would also remind you that us citizens do not have a right to enter the eu without a visa either . 
  that 's the wrong angle . 
  it 's not in dispute that the us can set whatever policy they want for visa-free travel . 
  the point is that the eu set both the visa-free policy for all of the eu and the expectation of what they will and wo n't allow for their member states . 
  the eu is perfectly able to , and indeed responsible to , insist that the us respect the eu membership status equivalently for all eu states . 
  and if the us or any other country wo n't , then it is necessary to respond with reciprocity by restricting visa-free travel of us citizens to the eu until it complies . 
   obviously they can , and have for quite a while . 
  because the eu allow it . 
  not because it 's right . 
   the eu can only require a schengenvisa . 
  the eu can require full reciprocity . 
   what eu citizens ? 
  a citizen of every eu country is an eu citizen . 
   if the us in response reciprocates they 're harming my rights , not defending them . 
  and you 're harming the other eu countries by not being willing to defend their rights . 
  so much for eu solidarity . 
  i disagree . 
  nothing short of debt forgiveness will restore confidence in greece in the markets . 
  a quick and dirty way to know what greece needs is that it is the opposite of whatever germany is willing to give .
