  * the setting with the clock on it is a delay setting ( for spin ) * the other is no spin in case it 's not clear , this machine does not dry . 
  the thermometer looking button sets the water temp , in deg c. do n't worry about any of the other buttons , unless you want the machine to come on and work while you sleep . 
  so ... depending on the care instructions you are trying to achieve , simply choose a programme , choose the rpm for the spin cycle , and choose the water temp , and you are good to hit the start button . 
  for now . 
  we 're about to see ecj invalidate mass surveillance , part 2.0 , in the immediate future . 
   he 's probably not as arrogant as people make out , or at least not as soulessly arrogant . 
  depends on his sobriety level . 
   nevertheless , its telling that someone like frans timmermans plays a more mediatic role . 
  = ` pay no attention to the buffoon . ', 
   juncker , despite being a head of state previously , was the head of state of a micro-country where nothing happens . 
  plenty of things happened when junker was running luxembourg . 
  things like large scale tax avoidance and bank secrecy used as cover for likely money laundering . 
  junker 's contribution is in fact to have helped create and manage ( over his career ) a tax haven that is detrimental to the rest of the eu . 
   any statesman would have resigned after brexit . 
  he did n't . 
  telling . 
  he 's not a statesman . 
  he 's a lacky for international corporations and comic relief for those people who are statesmen ( and stateswomen ) . 
  he 's an inconvenience , and the uk were right to oppose him as president . 
  there has been a systemic effort to pass off vegetable oil mixes as olive oil . 
  to the point that many common brands in supermarkets likely ca n't be trusted . 
  i 'm sorry , but i 've gotten so worn out talking about the meta-argument as opposed to the real argument , that it 's just not worth the time to keep going . 
  i do n't accept the premise of your argument or the constraints you 're putting on mine . 
  there is little point in continuing when we will not agree on how the discussion must be framed . 
  yes , isds clauses have existed since the 1950s in trade agreements . 
  most of them have never been invoked . 
  because , for the most part countries do n't like disagreeing with investors of fdi . 
  but it is illogical just to assume that because they have been done repeatedly in the past means it 's harmless to do in the future . 
  especially since the number of cases taken against them has swelled rapidly since 2012 . 
  i can also offer the counter-argument that the text of most trade deals in the past has been a secret from the populace . 
  the outrage over ttip and against isds specifically comes on the back of leaks in the negotiation , and in general from the subject making it into the public domain . 
  it 's hard for the public to disagree with something it does n't know the details about . 
  people are unhappy with ttip now that they are aware of it . 
  it 's also not as if there have n't been many bad experiences with other trade deals to be wary of . 
  i said it was misleading and dishonest of you to claim to offer objective facts , given your principles . 
  i suggested , in fact , that you stay away from making `` factual '' claims entirely . 
   yes , that 's right . 
  your ` facts ' are cherry-picked factoids . 
  i doubt you know the details of any of them . 
  what you are accusing me of is looking for facts to support my conclusions , rather than conclusions to support the facts . 
  and you are making this call based on nothing but me stating that i object in principle . 
  which is totally unfair . 
  we are having a meta-argument about the validity of facts , as if facts only have validity based on where the arise . 
  the facts are not in dispute here -- at least in so far as they have been offered . 
  in actuality , the argument is over what the facts * mean * . 
  i suggest if you think the facts mean something else that you offer counterfactuals of your own . 
  that way you can stop claiming i do n't have facts and them blaming me for the facts i show . 
   more importantly , you do n't need any such facts to support your principle , and no benign outcome to such cases can possibly argue against your principle . 
  a principle ! = a belief . 
  there is no act of faith in this situation . 
  nor am i asking for any . 
  the cases that happened in isds that i introduced * as evidence * happened . 
  you can argue that they are n't indicative of a danger to states , or specifically that the are n't as important as i would make them out to be . 
  principles and facts are not at each other 's throats . 
  neither justify each other , but both add credence when they are congruent . 
  stop treating the argument i 've made as if it were rhetoric or faith ; if you ca n't rise to the level of general discourse , i 'm not sure why you 're talking in the first place . 
   the problem is that people are very good at supporting their decisions and conclusions . 
  what they 're not good at is using facts to reach those conclusions . 
  the whole critique of reason is a distraction from the point . 
  i 'm not going to accept a fundamental meta-flaw in critical thinking itself as a reason not to consider an argument . 
   tbh , you 've just name-checked cases that are misrepresented in anti-ttip literature . 
  that 's not actually evidence . 
  here we have a whiff of a counter-argument . 
   it 's hardly dragging human faculties through the mud to point out that humans cherry-pick facts to support preferred outcomes . 
  that 's a pretty well-known bit of science at this stage . 
  this and other statements give off an intense sense of elitism . 
  you 've basically appealed to your own authority -- by rubbishing my arguments as banal and ignorant and telling us all how your arguments are substantive and meaningful but without evidence . 
  why are you trying to push the goalposts to such a place where the task is impossible ? 
  first i 'm accused of not including any facts , on the basis of offering an unsubstantiated principle in place of objective reasoning . 
  now i 'm told that the facts that i offered ca n't be trusted because i 'm incapable of offering objective facts . 
  it 's a consolation prize apparently that i 'm in the same boat as everyone else . 
  people do n't need some complex high level signalling system to be able to support decisions and conclusions . 
  nor is it an impossible feat . 
  i have an objection in principle , which is derived from the conclusions of my own analysis and values . 
  i have also offered some evidence to suggest that one of my conclusions ( that isds is a danger to sovereign states ) has some merit . 
  people are free to disagree . 
  and in fact savannahjeff does disagree . 
  s/he believes that the risks of isds are being overblown , and that they are part and parcel to trade agreements . 
  which is absolutely sound . 
  but there 's no need to drag human faculties through the mud in order for us to disagree . 
   i think you should stop making `` factual '' claims about isds , because here you make it clear that you really object to it on principle , and that the facts are therefore irrelevant . 
  i did n't make any factual claims , other than alluding to vattenfall in a precedent comment . 
  in fact , if we want to discuss previous claims , in most cases where isds type arbitration systems exist they have been used . 
  ie vattenfall in germany , and phillip morris in australia being two very recent examples . 
  both examples of a government acting in what it considers to be the public good : reducing the risk of catastrophic radiation and lessening the impact of carbon fuels in the former , and decreasing the health risk to the public by reducing the number of smokers , respectively . 
  i do object to isds in principle , but there are plenty of good facts by which to reject it in reality . 
  and why should a government be put through all the hassle in the first place ? 
  i have had discussion with you previously about isds . 
  and i fundamentally disagree with you about it . 
  that has n't changed . 
  no matter how unlikely the outcome , or how generally safe you think such a mechanism would be , i do not support any company or corporation arising to the level of a state , or any board , or group , claiming primacy over them . 
  investors have their risk priced into their investment , which is their coupon rate of return . 
  states , on the other hand , have a clear duty to look after the public good . 
  when there develops a conflict between the two , states win every time . 
  investors can simply chalk it up to backing the wrong horse , and if they wish to object , they can use domestic courts for that purpose . 
  the only reason isds is even being considered is that investors do n't want to be hamstrung by domestic courts and are looking to bypass them . 
  ttip will just ensure that the future is governments tied up in arbitration at isds indefinitely with all the vattenfall 's of the world objecting to any move to restrict them . 
  this is only going to be possible where issues in the periphery like debt levels , inequality , trade imbalance , and social cohesion are equalised . 
  if some prosper while others stagnate , that unified europe will never exist . 
  in fairness now , there is absolutely no solution in place to handle the crisis in the italian banking sector .
