  not trying to be a prick here -- but i 'm not convinced you ( the us ) understand why what you did was a war crime . 
  or worse , that you understand how you are responsible for the state of affairs after it , including the state of affairs now . 
  my chief complaint is that the us take no responsibility for any of it . 
  read the bloody act yourself . 
  or at least the wikipedia version of it . 
  you can see the justifications given . 
  only one of them involved crimes of saddam against his people . 
   it was n't because a democratic , pro-western iraq , allied to the united states , is actually in the interest of the united states ? 
  this is just as bad !, 
  what is it that makes you think you can topple a leader , dictator or not , to replace him with someone who is in the interests of the united states ? 
  they talk about american exceptionalism , and here it is . 
   it was n't because he was a genocidal dictator and needed to go , and his regime was going to collapse and then iraq would have become western iran ? 
  and it is for the us to unilaterally decide it 's time for him to go ? 
  is that how things work ? 
  when the un told the us clearly ` no ' to its request ? 
  you have some special permission to sort out international politics as you feel inclined to ? 
  by the way , one thing that was not in doubt was that saddam 's regime was in any way near collapse . 
  sanctions had done a massive damage to the people of iraq -- but they had done nothing at all to foment a revolution . 
   my god , you have some simplistic opinions . 
  sayeth the people who invent reasons for things that are n't true , as justification for what they want to do , and who tell the world to fuck off if anyone objects . 
  all i 've done is read your act literally for its contents , as sir chilcot has done himself from the official documents of the uk . 
  you could have a million reasons why you think saddam should have gone . 
  but the bottom line is that you lied about the reasons that you did give , and you made the decision on your own which you had no right at all to do . 
  sometimes it is that simple . 
   you 're saying it was unjustified because other countries believed it was unjustified . 
  that 's exactly right . 
  that 's what the un is !, 
  by signatory , by self-declaration , and by rule , no country has a right to initiate a war of aggression unilaterally without the approval of the un . 
  you did not have the un 's approval , and you invaded more or less unilaterally , a move condemned by many of the states . 
  this is not circular logic . 
  the facts as they were relating to this process are not in dispute . 
  the issue is that the un has no power , and countries like the us choose when they will abide by un rules and when they will not . 
  in this case , you sought un approval , and when it did n't happen , you did it anyway . 
   i actually have asked kurds ( and other iraqis ) what they think , and if you did , you 'd probably change your mind . 
  i 'm glad if the kurds are better off now . 
  my issue is n't the consequence of the war for any number of people , in short , or long term , comparatively . 
  my issue is fundamentally with falsehood as a justification for invasion , and for willful misuse of the legal system to do it . 
  for me i 'm not willing to tacitly accept criminal activity even if it benefits some people . 
   tell me , i 'm serious . . you justified the american opinion toward the iraq war by saying all was well now because people like obama felt bad about it . 
  as if that would bring back all the people who died , or even start to look for justice . 
  in case you forgot , the doj is a cabinet agency . 
  the president can call for investigations of anything he likes if he suspects foul play . 
  he can direct the doj to investigate , and it will . 
  he has done this before . 
  but ... that 's kind of beside the point . 
  i 'm not interested in how obama feels . 
  i 'm interested in the official us position on the issues . 
  that position is that the iraq war was legal and justified . 
  that the torture of prisoners and the use of enhanced interrogation activities in guantanamo and the rendition programme are legal . 
  that mass surveillance , or any other part of the war on terror was legal . 
  you can try to foist the blame onto the republicans -- and there is truth to that -- but a republican controlled house is as much america as a democratic president . 
  the 50 % you do n't like represent you just as much as the 50 % you do , and aggregately , nothing has happened to even approach admission of wrongdoing re : iraq 2.0 . 
   i appreciate your lame attempt at trying to frame me as someone who does n't care about those that died . 
  i suspect you do n't , because i was n't trying to frame you . 
  your use of rhetoric ` the fuck ' suggests something i said was irrational and it is an attempt to delegitimise an argument without having to consider its merit . 
  if you can just treat things you do n't agree with as crazy , you 're off the hook . 
  every time i have seen someone do this , it 's because the position they are coming from is weak , and they think it 's easier to reply to the poster , and not to the comment . 
  and you continue that trend in the later paragraph . 
  you do n't know me , how old i am , and what i might have done about the war . 
  you presume . 
  i am , by the way , old enough to have experienced the first gulf war as a young adult . 
  and in my tiny little country of 4 million , we managed to march 100k people to the steps of our government to express our disapproval for the war . 
  i was among those people . 
   and you even pointed out that a good chunk were against it even back then ... tell me how ... again patronising to support a weak position . 
  show me a single thing that the us has done to seek justice for the iraq war , for its torture programmes , or for its detaining of innocent people . 
  if we assume your congress was lied to , show me a single act it has passed to call for a full investigation . 
  when the senate released it 's torture report , show me a single action that came of it , to address the wrongdoing it exposed . 
  show me any liability to the us govt to make good for what it did . 
  the us repeatedly rejects every attempt to seek justice . 
  it hides behind classifications . 
  it impugns the validity and integrity of anybody who releases information that is not supportive of the us official government view . 
  chilcot has a very powerful letter that bush wrote to blair asking for assistance in 2002 to go to war . 
  the two discuss how to frame the issue so that it will pass scrutiny , whether the statements were true or not . 
  the letter makes clear they wanted a war and they made up reasons for a war . 
  where is your government 's call to investigate this ? 
   holy shit that 's circular . 
  the only thing that is circular is how the us decided to go to war . 
  you decide to go to war ; you go to the un , get a cooling off period ; you go back to the un , get told no ; you go anyway . 
  there 's your circle . 
  it 's pretty straightforward , there was no international support . 
  a consensus internationally in the un being a moral and technically legal requirement to act . 
   you need to read the article again . 
  those deaths are according to a survey , and were after the war and not due to fighting . 
  the article was written in 2006 , 3 years after the war started , and while it was still ongoing . 
   violence claimed about 601,000 people , the survey estimated -- the majority killed by gunfire now that 's not just people killed by troops , but by all the violence that resulted from ` the breakdown of law and order ' by paramilitary groups . 
  all of which resulted from the invasion . 
  indirect activities are still a responsibility . 
   and it seems plausible to me that iraq after the war would have been a better place to live if more countries had committed to peacekeeping and support , but maybe you disagree . 
  i think people need to give up on the illusion that intervention can solve all the world 's problems . 
  especially in the middle east . 
  logic ? 
  are we aiming past each other ? 
  if 600k civilians in iraq were killed by us and uk forces from fighting in iraq , and no invasion happens , then presumably those 600k people would n't be killed by us and uk forces from fighting that never happened . 
  i left a small chance some iraqis could have been killed by american/uk forces not there for war , and gave an example . 
   you 're saying they should have been left under saddam , for ` justice . ', 
  really , go and make that argument on / r/kurdistan if you 're so confident in your beliefs . 
  the united states has a history of ambivalence toward saddam hussein . 
  you trivialise the support for saddam during the iran/iraq war , but it was n't trivial . 
  it was significant support . 
  then when the gulf war 1.0 happened , the us chose to leave saddam in power for a decade , under sanctions that caused many deaths and massive suffering to the iraqi people .
