  the worst part of both this election and brexit are the arrogant people like you who just decide that they 're all ignorant , rather than taking even a few minutes to look for any kernels of truth in their arguments . 
  the irony is that this kind of arrogance is * exactly * the kind of thing that led to these outcomes . 
  trump supporters and leavers are n't stupid people even if you think they 're ignorant . 
  they know what the media thinks of them , and what you think of them . 
  and the more energy the media expends insulting and maligning them , the more hate that accumulates towards the establishment , and the more these kinds of things will happen . 
  people like boris johnson , nigel farage , and afd would never have gained such of a foothold if mainstream policy and media had n't marginalised these groups in the first place . 
  you are merely reaping what you have sown . 
  the only dumb people i see are the ones who have n't figured out that it 's the failure of centrist politics that is causing it . 
  the only reason that extremist politics has had the space to grow and gain traction is because mainstream politics has been utterly captured by elites . 
  it has also failed to address all the losers of globalisation ; it prefers to arrogantly tell them they 're just ` low information voters ' . 
  the stupid table is just a place where this lesson just does n't compute , which means it will continue to happen . 
  that 's not true . 
  the reason why ` rights ' exist is partly to protect the minority from the majority . 
  sometimes the people are wrong . 
  i followed the results yesterday , and i was going to say the same thing . 
  who do you think can form a coalition ? 
  nowhere for them to go . 
  nowhere for them to live . 
  my fear is that the eu will be so focused on its political objectives that it overlooks its economic ones . 
  can the eu live without 17 % of its gdp ? 
  people overlook how fragile the eu economy really is . 
  if the eu is n't careful , it will be hard brexit for it as well , pitching the whole project into outright recession/stagnation . 
  no , it ca n't . 
  it 's a headline rate . 
  that 's all it is . 
  the reason that corps in ireland can funnel profits without triggering tax liability has to do with things like transfer pricing and rules about the relationship between a hq unit and its subsidiaries . 
  the 12.5 % tax rate is really just a distraction to the loose tax laws in ireland which need to be fixed to prevent tax avoidance . 
  it 's really cynical to assume whatever is the new change wo n't also benefit the rest of the eu . 
  wallonia could have just made a bad deal better . 
  with regard to ceta the idea is that american companies can use nafta to set up offices in canada , then ship into and out of the eu as of the ttip deal had gone through . 
  that 's the backdoor . 
  also , while the economic benefit to consumers eu wide has no doubt been measured , the less obvious losses for deal have not been . 
  wallonia simply does not want to be a loser from the deal . 
  the tax rate and the ability to avoid taxes are two different things . 
  no one wants to take away our 12.5 % . 
  it annoys other states , but it 's not a real problem . 
  what they want is to enforce a eu wide tax system that would prevent tax avoidance . 
  that would certainty hit us hard because our loose tax laws are what make us attractive . 
  what a waste of a reply to a pretty profound statement . 
  even if op is a scumbag ( likely not ) you have done nothing to disprove him . 
  and that ` nobody was forced to join eu ' trope that gets thrown out all the time is useless . 
  it does n't disprove op and it implies that everyone signed up for how things are now , which is totally false . 
  there is no eu-wide policy on same sex marriages . 
  that kind of thing is not a power given by member states to the eu . 
  trade negotiations is that kind of power , and the rejection is part of the democratic process of belgium . 
  also bear in mind that voters in most of the eu did not vote for this -- it was negotiated by govts and signed by them without a vote . 
  in other cases it 's a few legislatures that have voted . 
  the average eu voter has no opportunity to vote and does n't have a say in it except through their govt . 
  bottom line is that the walloons do not want to be the losers on a trade deal , and there are always losers . 
  to not want to destroy one 's indigenous industries is a legitimate aim , even before we get into lowering of food standards and isds . 
  not sure exactly what point you 're making . 
  belgium votes on deals before signing , other states afterword . 
  govt in brussels and at eu level may not support or represent the views of wallonia . 
  in fact , wallonia appears to have stated that there was a problem and were ignored . 
  that makes the people in belgian govt the stupid ones for not taking wallonia seriously . 
  the kind of democracy you expect in eu does n't exist . 
  no amount of states can override one state , and that 's deliberate . 
  it 's not a flaw . 
  without it , the eu would just fall apart . 
  approving the draft ! = signing the agreement . 
  belgian govt ca n't sign the agreement because not all regional govts approved . 
  btw , wallonia is n't the only region that may not approve . 
  just the first . 
  the eu is not a state . 
  the eu system , as it is , is designed to allow cooperation without coercion . 
  what you are describing is imposing something on a state that does n't want it , just because others do . 
  that 's not okay . 
  do they pay you by the reply or by the day ? 
  that is my fault . 
  i replied to the wrong person . 
  would you prefer me to leave the comment or delete it ? 
  the fact that you pay so poorly is a problem . 
  you should n't compare yourself to greece at least until you start offering proper wages . 
  this misses the point entirely . 
  canada ( or the us ) ca n't apply visa programmes to some eu states and not others and then still expect to sign an fta with the eu itself . 
  if one desires free trade , start by recognising that all eu states have the same rights . 
  canadians deserve visas for reciprocity . 
  this is n't that hard . 
  the canadians are the ones in the wrong . 
  romanians are eu members , and they deserve the same treatment as every other state in the eu . 
  if germans do n't require a visa , neither should romanians . 
  if the eu is willing to throw romania under the bus for a deal , then the eu principles matter much less than they purport to . 
  the romanian objection is correct . 
  and it is to the shame of the eu that they force the romanian govt to fight the battle itself using the means they have . 
  conversely the us needs to learn that it 's novel of democracy is a bad fit in many places , and that it needs to apply greater restraint . 
  if the arab spring is any indicator , democracy out of the box does n't work in these places . 
  my point is that the us strategy just ends with more instability . 
  us idealism just causes continued bloodshed . 
  if we wanted to end this conflict , and we felt justified in intervening in the conflict ( as people in western democracy ) we 'd join the russians . 
  from ni ? 
  interesting . 
  i know leftist groups that would crack your skull and not think twice . 
  no strongly worded letters for them . 
  but i do n't think this is really about insulting leftists . 
  i think its about typical rightist shortsightedness . 
  blow up assad . 
  who takes his place ? 
  a bunch of jihadist types . 
  replace a brutal dictator focused on his own power with a theocracy focused on its own purity . 
  that 's your win .
