  your statement is an example of how that happens . 
   and if its not necessary to be right or wrong about anything all comes down to one simple question : do i want to follow this agenda , or do i want to follow another one ? 
  sure , but that 's my argument . 
  not yours . 
   this is pretty hitler , in my opinion . 
  trump and hitler are about as far apart as they could be within non-communist ideology . 
  current usage of the word ` fascist ' against trump is being done so loosely and so clumsily that it almost renders the word meaningless . 
  trump is a pro-business ideologue and an opportunist ( like all good businessmen ) but he is not a * true believer ^ tm * looking to subsume all aspects of society under his chosen culture . 
  that is unless you believe that neoliberalism is an undeclared culture , in which case we have all been living under fascism since the 1980s . 
  i would disagree with that . 
  in fact , i would assert that the us looks more homogeneous from a european perspective than it does from within an american perspective . 
  americans like to think of themselves as being far more diverse and distinct than they really are . 
  they often do n't see the cultural ties that bind them uniformly . 
   its a value without value to mankind . 
  you said it was n't a value . 
  you did n't say it was a worthless value . 
   so you are saying people who think `` i 'm doing a rational think '' are rational because rationality is always a subjective thing ? 
  i 'm saying everybody thinks they 're rational . 
  in fact rationalising is one of the fundamental components of how humans navigate the world . 
  we have certain rationalised beliefs , for example , such as ' i am a good person . ', 
  or ' i am an intelligent , rational person ' that we protectively maintain at a subconscious level . 
  so what i 'm saying is that to trump and those who support him , they believe they are both good people and doing what they 're doing for rational reasons . 
  they do n't have to be right about their choices . 
  we are all free to form our own opinions about the value of their policy , morality , ethics , etc. 
  where we get into trouble is when we do n't just disagree , but we refuse to even consider their point because we claim anything that disagrees with our own point is irrational . 
  i do n't support trump . 
  or the far-right . 
  but i can understand why they think what they do . 
  and in some cases they do have a point . 
  this is apparent in that underneath their complaint about some specific subject , aka globalism or immigration , there is in fact a kernel of truth . 
  there is an authentic complaint even if it phrased poorly or unclearly . 
  there are in fact losers in globalism . 
  there are in fact problems developing due to the mass influx of refugees , as well as culture clashes . 
  there are in fact issues with neoliberal economics , including income inequality and growing climate/pollution problems . 
  if you understand the appeal of the far-right at present lays in the failure of centrist politics to address those authentic complaints , then it 's easier to figure out how to respond to the trump 's and le pen 's . 
  but where we are falling down is that not only do we not want to consider the issue in other ways , but we do n't want to admit there is any real problem to solve in the first place . 
  so ireland are in the ` anglophone echo-chamber ' ? 
  i thought we were on * your * side , the european side ? 
  was this a freudian slip , meant to show us where we really stand ? 
  1 ) ` everything is competition ' is a value . 
  2 ) trump is rational , in the sense that everybody thinks they are rational beings making rational choices . 
  nobody deliberately sets out to be irrational . 
  human beings are far less rational in general than they believe , irrespective of political affiliation . 
  the level of agency is nation . 
  to a nationalist , there is nothing below it . 
  i am not one to defend trump . 
  but in this case , i think you 're wrong . 
  i expect the us has two problems with the eu : 1 ) interference in us intelligence gathering ( those pesky privacy rights and court rulings ) , and 2 ) eu demands/regulations that disadvantage american companies in any way . 
  the us policy has always been to get the most access/greatest return while giving up the least amount of control . 
  nothing has changed with regard to that . 
  trump also thinks that the eu policies toward migrants/refugees and the uk are also crazy . 
  the us sides with the uk in the brexit scenario because trump as a nationalist wants individual states to have maximum power in setting their own policies . 
  in that sense , he does n't want to impose us will on eu states , but instead to free them to make their own decisions . 
  now we may or may not agree with trump , and i 'm not saying he 's right . 
  but it would be helpful to at least understand us policy aims accurately . 
  see this was my mistake , and i own up to it . 
  i will say that you specifically are the kind of reddit user who makes reddit unpleasant to use . 
  not because we 're all thin skinned , but because it 's a hassle having to step around all the piles of shite people like you drop on threads . 
  i do n't really downvote -- but you 're specifically the reason the downvote arrow exists . 
  pardon me for wasting our time . 
  the uk public does not vote for pm . 
  the irish public does not vote for our taoiseach either . 
  it 's a parliamentary system . 
  and yes , you can say whatever you want . 
  and if/when it 's hateful or done in an unnecessarily ugly way , people will downvote you and avoid talking to you . 
  you become toxic . 
  but i suspect you do n't care . 
  and we 're not friends , even in sarcasm . 
  there is no strawman . 
  you made an issue of the fact that no british pm is directly elected , saying she was ` unelected ' , and thus insinuating she was somehow illegitimate . 
  ` she 's an authoritarian , unyielding , thatcherite witch ' is just a purely hateful thing to say . 
  you can 100 % disagree with may ( or even thatcher ) without resorting that level of vehemence . 
  you realise of course i 'm from ireland right ? 
  i 'm not from the uk , nor do i represent the brexiteers ( or remain for that matter ) . 
   but who at the same time was going to raise tariffs and build walls , demonstrating an appetite for protectionism and isolationism that has n't been heard for a long time . 
  [ donald trump : ` i 'll do a trade deal with the uk next year . ' ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jan/15/trumps-first-uk-post-election-interview-brexit-a-great-thing ) . 
  interview came out yesterday . 
   jesus , you 're even blaming the eu for leaving the single market now ? 
  what are you talking about here ? 
  my point is that behaving towards the uk in a punitive fashion is cutting off your nose to spite your face . 
  we 're talking about refusing to deal with the uk out of spite . 
  moreover , i read the rest of your comments and it comes across as ` this is the uks fault . 
  not my problem . ', 
  that seems to be the eu consensus , minus ireland . 
  what you do n't realise is that we do n't share this view because it 's not what is best for us . 
  we 're not battered wives or stockholm syndrome suffers . 
  we 're a state that is proximate to the european continent but anglo-american economically and politically . 
  we 're acting in a rational way to try to minimise the damage to our economy , in the sense that we are the most interdependent with the uk in the eu . 
  it 's cool that this immaterial to you . 
  i really hope not though , as the whole ` get bent ' vibe i 'm getting from people does n't really do the eu many favours in terms of making it an attractive place . 
  we do n't want to be sacrificed to the eu greater good in this situation any more than greece to the financial crisis . 
  and the more you behave as if the concerns we have are unimportant , the less we will think of the eu and what it can offer . 
  now we 're not looking to get out of the eu in any way . 
  we like being in the eu . 
  i 'm not implying there 's anybody looking for eirexit . 
  my point is that from our pov , you and the uk are simply poo-flinging and we 're getting shit on from both sides . 
  did you just watch back to the future ? 
  it 's called mr. fusion iirc . 
  i got the sense your views were impervious to change . 
  my point is that whatever happens to the uk is going to be worse to us than to any other country in the eu , and it wo n't be because we did anything at all to warrant it .
