  allegedly , if melenchon and le pen are polling well now , their share of the vote will only increase as the day goes by . 
  and of course that melenchon is in striking distance of macron and le pen at noon means he has a chance to take the second spot by end of day . 
  i 'm guessing this is what op meant . 
  just to clarify one thing , the people who are using the downvote arrow to disagree are people who are not using reddit correctly . 
  they 're breaking the website from a technical point of view . 
  downvote arrow was designed to help push irrelevant or off-topic material down to the bottom of the thread . 
  not to allow people to lazy too participate properly a way to express themselves . 
  it 's clearly a design oversight and downvote arrows should be immediately removed from the system . 
  having naught but upvote arrows would accomplish the same intent , and without letting eejits manipulate discussion . 
  and in any case , ` productive debate ' is almost impossible to have outside a rigourous system where there are formal rules at work . 
  in reality , a great body of people are in the ` centre ' on issues , aligning with the common consensus , and those one standard deviation either to the left or right of centre have their work cut out for them trying to argue . 
  in general the ideas that are the most appealing to the centre are the most reductive and simplified version of things . 
  as such , the centre does not want to consider it could be wrong , and even when it is ( which is often enough ) is unwilling to change course . 
  that 's how we get these extremist politics in our context : after a long period of unhappiness with an intransigent centre , eventually enough political momentum happens from the margins to overcome the centre . 
  it 's not that i support le pen inherently , or melenchon , but that the centre needs a wake-up call and so far , even after trump and brexit , greece , and refugees , and terror , nothing so far has convinced it to move in a direction that enfranchises more of the people in the margins . 
  but it 's possible such a conversation could be had if france elects an a non-centrist president , whoever that is . 
  because germany is hoarding money while benefiting from the weakness of the euro such behaviour produces . 
  because germany is working on an economic model that the rest of europe ca n't operate on or risk the whole of the eu falling into mercantilism . 
  and because the germans make demands on the rest of the eu that are counterproductive to what should be happening , all because moral hazard . 
  schauble and politicians like him are one of the fundamental reasons why extremist politics have become a serious threat to the integrity of the project and why people across the eu have become disillusioned with it . 
  sure , no problem . 
  i did n't intend to assert that the us is the only place experiencing these problems . 
  that 's whataboutery . 
  problems in other countries have no bearing on problems in the us . 
  i also made no claim that one country is worse than another . 
  op , with us flair , simply brought up the fact that getting obese ( like the us and mexico ) is no big deal . 
  and i replied that in fact it is a big deal . 
  in that sense , it 's a problem for my country as it is for anyone else 's . 
  ' a little wider at the waste ' is an understatement , notwithstanding the profound freudian slip in using the wrong homonym for waist . 
  obesity is a hormonally damaging process , and the us is becoming a health-damaged country . 
  a country that ca n't work because it is so sick is one that will shortly implode . 
  although you probably do n't have to worry about it because the famines caused by climate change will probably fix the problem for you . 
  ( and the world at large ), 
  i like sweden , so i would not want to watch it self-destruct . 
   no , its actually about the house ( territory integrity ) and the children ( catalonians who want to stay spanish , are undecided or simply dont care ) 1 . 
  spain does n't get to make the decision for catalonians 2 . 
  catalonians who want to stay spanish can vote and have their voice heard  you dont justify wrong-doing like that , back to your analogy , you 're just convinced that all of the drive for independence is a lie and nobody really wants it , because you do n't support it . 
  bias . 
  i honestly get your view . 
  but you wo n't convince me that a desire for independence is nothing but a total lie that you need to correct for people by not letting them choose . 
  at this point the smart move is to let the vote happen because there 's a possibility it wo n't pass anyway . 
   we are not talking about me telling my wife she cant leave me , we are discussing wether or not she gets to keep the house and the children no , we 're talking about whether the marriage lasts or not . 
  the house and the kids get decided * after * the future of the marriage does . 
  and i do n't have any claim on the house and kids argument . 
   and doesnt take into account the corrupted nature of this secession movement . 
  rajoy is also corrupt . 
  plenty of scandals involving non-catalan politicians . 
  again , corruption is endemic in spanish politics , as it likely is in many countries ' politics . 
   also spain is a nation , even if it doesnt act like one . 
  all catalan are spanish , but not all spanish are catalan . 
  catalan considers itself a separate nation , even if they are a part of the spanish nation too . 
   do , considering this is something that affects the entire country , how come the rest of spain doesnt get a say ? 
  because people do n't get to determine things for other people . 
  do you get to vote on whether your wife stays married to you ? 
  you can tell her how you feel , but the decision is hers . 
  same applies here . 
  the decision on whether catalan stays a part of spain is for catalonians . 
  otherwise you are forcing your opinion on them . 
   do you even know what the reason is ? 
  it does n't matter what i think the reason is . 
  i 'm not defending corruption . 
  but at the same time , you 're trying to assert that there is no other reason people might want independence other than being fooled by corrupt politicians . 
  in fact , * both * can be true : politicians can be corrupt and people can want independence . 
  just to be clear , the only thing that matters is that all the people of catalonia have an equal right to express their natural right of self-determination . 
  either spain supports this right , which incidentally is the same right it invoked to create the current modern state , or it does n't . 
  if it does n't , things might get very bad in spain . 
  also , it does n't matter whether separatists ever give up or not . 
  either they have enough votes to win or they do n't . 
  they can run the ref n-times and if they ca n't get it over the line , it wo n't matter . 
  the more times they unsuccessfully run it , in fact , the less people will vote for it because they 'll understand that the votes are n't there . 
  the movement will die as it has in other places , like canada . 
   but who gets to vote ? 
  everyone registered to vote in catalonia gets to vote . 
  no one else . 
   separatists will keep at it , again and again until they win , its a neverendum . 
  does n't matter . 
  either there are enough votes to carry it or there are n't . 
  in fact , the more times the ref is run , the less likely it is that it would pass . 
  also remember that there 's a reason the pro-independent crowd want out . 
  if spain want to fix the problem with catalan secession , they need to deal with that reason . 
   a facade for their corruption from what i hear the problem of corruption is endemic to all spanish politics . 
  sure , absolutely it goes both ways . 
  that 's why i want a legitimate referendum that everybody feels good about participating in . 
  worst outcome is a referendum where independence passes with a large majority , but with low turnout because half the population refuse because they view the vote as illegitimate . 
  to me the spanish govt is being obtuse and pretending that suppressing the vote will make the problem go away . 
  instead they 're just ensuring that the worst outcome ( unilateral declaration ) happens and people like you who do n't support independence never get the chance to have your voice heard . 
  i support the drive to independence because i support the right to self-determination . 
  but i want a situation where everyone gets to express that right . 
  a vote enfranchises people . 
  what you 're saying is kind of beside the point . 
  my point is that spain 's courts can rule all day long against secession and its govt can refuse to recognise an independent catalan . 
  but unless spain is prepared to use force then it will simply be powerless to do anything about the problem . 
  on the other hand , it is important to note that i 'm not saying that an independent catalan would n't have serious problems . 
  because geopolitical considerations matter . 
  a catalonia created through unilateral declaration would have few friends , and even fewer who would be willing to recognise it . 
  the fact is that acts of rebellion against states are welcomed when they are to align with western ( in this case eu ) bloc countries , but frowned upon when they happen inside them . 
  states do n't really care much about their own founding principles and are concerned more about integrity . 
  you would not see much in the way of recognition of independence until the dispute with spain was resolved . 
   i stopped at the `` if the constitution says otherwise , it is invalid '' . 
  after that , i think i 'm done .
