  that 's not where things differ . 
  to make it easier , i will respond inline . 
   we just wanted to pay for our own meals , which was very difficult if you did n't have exact cash . 
  not really . 
  if you know how much it was you , can either make change out of the main ` pot ' of cash toward the table 's ticket , or you can ask the server for change where necessary . 
  additionally , you could give the server your card and tell them how much you were paying on the card . 
   not to mention , doing anything with banks in europe meant transaction fees and at least two members of our group were paying by card 1 ) not a problem for the restaurant to solve 2 ) that fee was going to be assessed for paying by card , whether the ticket was split or not  so if we wanted to do the `` you pay for the meal on your card and we 'll all give you cash '' method , it meant hashing out how to split our cash so that everyone was covered , no one was screwed over , and whoever got the cash then had to deal with the foreign banking issues . 
  that was n't a requirement for you to do . 
  if you chose to have one person pay , how you chose to figure out who needed to pay would be up to you . 
  it 's not hard to do , parties do this all the time . 
  and even someone would say ` hey , we need to give a tip , ' and then everybody would pitch in a little bit for the tip . 
  the key difference is that diners or the party take a little more responsibility for the ticket and payment , rather than expecting the restaurant to do it for them . 
  that expectation being what i called a difference in service culture . 
  at least it was n't guinness . 
  just slaggin ye , honestly . 
  you wo n't see beamish many places . 
  i actually do like it . 
  but i would prefer murphy 's myself . 
  i 'm glad you were looked after . 
  beamish . 
  do n't say that so loud . 
  oh , god . 
  i think taaffe 's and tigh coili are going to explode . 
  steve earle is going to be owed the gdp of ireland in royalties . 
  dear / u/shoryukenist , your request to drink the right stout has been approved . 
  you may now apply for your official people 's republic of cork passport . 
   why is having an explicit political opinion okay for the uk but not for the eu ? 
  i 'm not sure where you 're going with this , or why it 's relevant . 
  everyone is entitled to have their opinion of both the uk and the eu , and also should expect others to judge that opinion . 
  my point was that the remain campaign are n't just disagreeing with leave , but are in fact telling leave both what their opinion is , and what their choice should have been . 
  it goes a step farther than just disagreeing with someone to decide what someone 's motivation or choice was without even asking them . 
  52 % of england voted in a certain way . 
  rather than trying to understand why from their pov , and giving it some credibility , instead it was instantly dismissed , derided , and devalued . 
  which means the social divide that caused the problem is still unseen and it will be very hard to solve it . 
   why the hell is it not arrogant to demand special privileges in every eu arrangement and claiming to be oppressed when not getting them all ? 
  the arrogance i refer to is to tell someone else what they think and judge that . 
   it was an internal uk matter ... british soil this is the difference between proximate and ultimate cost . 
   so indeed , it 's a failure of the british political class , and the result of 40 years of scapegoating , as was particularly obvious in politics and the media . 
  not the ultimate problem . 
   what do they hope to achieve by throwing a tantrum ? 
  i would guess they hoped to send you a message about what they think of remain , the status quo , and what they think of their situation . 
  what comes of it now could be an inward look in the uk and some work to reduce inequality and increase social cohesion . 
  but i kid myself . 
  nobody cares about that . 
  not the eu , not the uk , and neither leave nor remain . 
  it might be common knowledge that the loans are n't going to be repaid , but it 's not official notice . 
  if it were official notice , it likely would n't be allowed to occur by rule . 
  a loan is not a fiscal transfer . 
  that 's what i meant by arrogance . 
  people might not be educated necessarily , but they are n't stupid . 
  they vote the way they do for a reason . 
  the problem is that people who represent your viewpoint are n't taking the time to figure out what it is . 
  they just say ` low information voter ' or make the claim that these simpletons have been duped . 
  there are many ways to look at who voted what and where , without making assumptions about people . 
  look at the vote by social or economic class . 
  look at the vote by proximity to major city , filter that by investment or job availability . 
  look at it by educational attainment or access to quality education . 
  the data are all there . 
  you can blame this on british or tory policy if you like . 
  but that 's only a proximate cause . 
  the ultimate and lasting cause is that the current status quo , the remain campaign itself , and the eu failed in every way to convince those voters that it had a meaningful and prosperous vision for them . 
  the best argument i 've seen so far for remain is ` the alternative is worse ' , which for people who are marginalised and destitute holds very little value , which is why it failed . 
  a more valuable message , the one that was sent by them instead was ` fuck you . ', 
  of course the irony is that the people who should have got that by and large did n't . 
  with what resources , what training , and what support ? 
  and to what end ? 
  i agree with you , though i would just add that the idea that waiters need to earn their tip is a part of the service mentality that leads to excessive demands on them . 
  i had an answer written and realised i wrote something to you that was to the wrong person , and would have made no sense in context to your comment . 
  i ca n't speak to how romanians feel about romanian waiters . 
  i 'd have to take your word for it . 
  i 'm glad you enjoyed the hospitality in ireland . 
  i 'd like to think we do make people feel welcome and are accommodating . 
  this was a joke about ` have it your way . ', 
  not a statement of bk cust service . 
  i have experienced bad service in many places in europe , and especially in my own ireland . 
  however i would not say that this is representative of the whole of eu waiters . 
  i recognise that because i was in the business for a long time , i am likely excessively kind and forgiving , which others might not be . 
  however i find that usually when people hold an opinion about the performance of a whole class , the problem is usually them . 
  if you continually receive bad service everywhere you go , it might not be them as bad waiters , but you as a bad customer . 
  not saying this is you . 
  also , last time i was in sibiu , service at restaurants was great , and kind people at scottish pub dragged wife and i all over the place to pubs . 
  i have zero complaints from what i can remember . 
  you asked an american friend if a task is no big deal ? 
  are n't you just confirming your own bias ? 
  just to clear something up : the task itself is not conceptually difficult , though it can be hard to manage all the misc items and internal groupings on a ticket . 
  the issue is that it is an excessive and unnecessary demand . 
  something like asking the waiter to stand on one leg and write down your order with his or her wrong hand . 
  you can do the math yourself in your party . 
  and yes , i worked in the business for a very long time . 
  have held or managed every position in foh in both us and europe ( ireland/uk ) . 
  only left the business to get into it instead . 
  the arrogance displayed in this comment is the reason brexit happened . 
  two things : it is a pain for the server , even in the us . 
  its an unnecessary waste of time to sort out , and large numbers of people can make the process arduous to ensure everything is right and nothing is missed . 
  the other thing is that op says he had trouble with it everywhere in europe . 
  which is n't ` it is no big deal ' . 
  expecting that something ` easy ' in the us should be easy abroad is part of that us demanding service mentality i mentioned . 
  also note that people will smile and split your check 10 ways , while damning you to eternity of hellfire in their minds , and complaining about ` those stupid americans ' who caused all the trouble and left barely a tip , the rest of the night . 
  my purpose was to tell op more of what they think rather than what he perceives . 
  there 's several ways the ecb could do it .
