  also , every group of people have a fundamental right to self-determination . 
  why should this not apply to catalan ? 
  i had a longer explanation in mind . 
  but there 's not a need for it . 
  dismissing varoufakis 's criticism is essentially saying there 's nothing to be done in greece . 
  and that is itself saying that greece should be left to whatever fate it has . 
  that whatever happens in greece is no concern of europe . 
  such a view is anti-european . 
  it makes all the claims from the far-right about eu impotence and intransigence true . 
  it means the eu can not meaningfully solve problems . 
  it can simply impose punishment . 
  and it means in essence that eu membership is conditional on being in good social standing and having a redeemable economy . 
  that 's a pretty gross mischaraterisation of what he said . 
  the actual criticism was : * the 2010 bailout was meant to protect europe at greek expense * austerity has caused a massive contraction of  25 % gdp * greek debt levels are unsustainable . 
  debt forgiveness is a necessity * creditors demands will further harm the greek economy * creditor demands are targeting and harming the most vulnerable in greece all of those things are 100 % correct . 
  the economics of the situation are taking a backseat to the political imperatives , and the political narratives . 
  and the ecb is also helping to make the situation much worse . 
  there is also a limit to what the democratic political system in greece can bear , and it is at the point of beginning political self-destruction . 
  and i answered you by saying ` he was right about the things that matter . ', 
  you said in another comment ` i 've read his silly articles ' . 
  so clearly you have heard the argument ( s ) , and you disagree with him . 
  plus are dismissive . 
  so why do n't we save time and you say how he 's wrong and why . 
  then we can discuss in good faith . 
  you should be called captainloweffort . 
  do you have something to say or not ? 
  because he 's been right about the things that matter ? 
  no one took the bait . 
  was the commission afaik . 
  they agreed to the deal knowing the requirement was ` essential equivalence ' with us rights and based on assurances rather than real formal legislative extension of constitutional privacy rights to eu citizens . 
  it 's the ec who is responsible for it . 
  they knew it might not survive when they set it up . 
  but they caved to us political pressure . 
   full employment is no fantasy or open to interpretation . 
  being rich is n't too . 
  czechia has 3.7 % unemployment . 
  germany has 4.1 % , ireland has 7.3 % , spain has 19.2 % , and greece has 23.1 % . 
  there is a whole spectrum , as [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:unemployment_rates,_seasonally_adjusted,_november_2016_\\ ( % 25 \\ ) _ f2.png ) . 
  if you want to talk about ` full employment ' , which is nominally < 5 % unemployment , 5 countries of the eu28 qualify . 
  so there is no we there . 
  likewise , if we want to talk about income inequality , you can use ` at risk of poverty after social transfer ' from the eu as [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:at-risk-of-poverty_rate_after_social_transfers,_2014_\\ ( % 25 \\ ) _ yb16.png ) as a rough guide . 
  this would proxy for both access to opportunity and wealth disparity . 
  higher rates indicate reduced social mobility and higher income inequality . 
  and for the eu that number varies between 5 % and 25 % . 
  numbers are higher and worse all around without social transfers . 
  but i thought it would n't be fair to leave them out . 
  so there are your statistics , and your hard facts . 
  income inequality and loss of social mobility is a problem for some , both within countries and between them . 
  and the people affected by it vote ; the more of them there become ( as the problems worsen ) the more that centrist politics fail . 
  that is the trend happening in the eu whether you want to recognise it or not . 
  so do n't blame this on people being irrational or simply being stupid . 
  for the third time , i 'm going to point out that underneath strange or incorrectly labeled complaints , there are legitimate concerns . 
  voters in the uk can , for example , blame immigrants , but the problems relating to growing inequality and unemployment secondary to outsourced labour ( from globalisation ) , which are driving their complaints , are real . 
  continuing to deny it is simply empowering extremist politics . 
   we all `` claim '' something . 
  its nothing but a opinion . 
  believing there is more to it is nothing but stupid and delusional . 
  you have an opinion that says ' i know the * true * trump . 
  not the one whose quotes we read in the media . 
  not the actions taken , but reasons behind those actions . 
  you are n't the only one . 
  the media and the ` liberal ' contingent claim they too know everything about trump , and they write about it * incessantly * . 
  it 's exhausting . 
  trump scratches his left butt cheek and someone writes about the deeper meaning of it . 
  all of that comes across as a truly elaborate defense or shell to keep anyone aligned with the status quo from considering whether or not there is anything wrong with the current system . 
  anything at all . 
  and you do exactly this . 
  you make all of these claims about how great everything is . 
  that ` we ' all experience things this way . 
  that there is some monolithic ` we ' is why this view comes across as arrogant and out-of-touch . 
  * some * people are rich , and employed , and comfortable . 
  some people are struggling , in debt they ca n't get out of , poor , and marginalised . 
  some people start life wealthy , and others from a disadvantaged position . 
  if you want to talk about ` we ' you had better talk about distribution of resources , social mobility , access to education , income inequality , and the impact of the current economic model on that . 
  because these things are not uniform across nations and social strata within them . 
  and they are getting worse as the middle is hollowed out . 
  i 'm not even claiming that trump is the champion of the everyman . 
  i 'm not making any claim about the value of his policies or views . 
  what i 'm saying is that a whole bunch of people who are disaffected and marginalised within our societies are flocking to the alt-right because they have positioned themselves as the * opposite * of the ' ( neo ) liberal ' centrists . 
  they do n't have to have a better or more reasonable policy platform , they just have to not be the current status quo . 
  and when you say ` the stupid masses ' you 're saying that there 's nothing at all in their views which you need to consider . 
  that instead , the problem is their stupidity . 
  and you then just have to shake your head in disbelief as their numbers grow . 
  as if there was something in the water and stupidity was spreading . 
  it makes zero difference if trump or le pen or farage or the afd or the law and justice party or anyone else is right . 
  it makes a difference that the centre is failing and the centrists have nothing in mind to address it . 
  the best way that anyone can help the casual citizen is for the current governance apparatus to solve actual problems . 
  but in fact it is too divided and too polarised to do that . 
   i implied that the word `` values '' actually mean something for most people . 
  no , you did n't . 
  you said ( tacitly ) trump is irrational , and without values . 
  you did n't imply he had a view or ethics that opposes yours , you said he had none at all . 
  where you 're falling short is that you wo n't even concede that he does what he does because he believes in it . 
  or even that it is possible for someone to believe in the opposite thing you do . 
   i 'm pretty sure donald trump does not care any longer about being right or `` western values '' . 
  discussion and agreement is also optional in this case . 
  he sometimes makes the impression he cares , but in the end this kind of impression is only for the most stupid followers . 
  you claim to know an awful lot about trump and his ` true nature . ', 
  to me that is simply the mechanism by which you wish to discredit him as irrational and amoral . 
  earlier i said that underneath the far right perspective are actual authentic complaints , and that the problem for centrists is that they refuse to countenance any way in which the current status quo could actually be broken .
