  they have an expectation that the eu will vindicate this equality . 
  the eu can not , for example , turn around to poland and tell it that either its eu membership or its schengen membership matter as much as the eu and schengen membership of germany if the eu allows non-eu states to differentiate between germany and poland . 
  thus , the us policy , whether reasonable or not , puts the eu in a position of having to undermine its own value by accepting favouratism from states who do n't recognise the eu as the negotiating authority in the matter . 
  that 's where the requirement for reciprocity comes from . 
  so in this situation , the eu is the relevant authority , and the us must change its approach to schengen members ( and eu members in general ) to align with the eus position , or the eu will be forced to lift visa-free travel for us citizens . 
  i do n't think anyone wants to stick visa requirements on us tourists but there is n't any choice . 
  if the eu fails to fight for all its members equally , both trust in and support for the eu declines . 
  if the eu is in practical effect not worth being a member of , then the union will fall apart . 
  i had an rt link which said that the eu was notified that the us was in violation of its obligations re : vwp , amongst 4 other states . 
  that link got removed because it 's rt. 
  that 's all i got . 
  but to be clear -- does it matter ? 
  i 've had exhaustive and combative discussions with people wearing an american flair insisting that the us way of doing things is the only reasonable way to do it , and that it 's unreasonable for the eu to expect anything else . 
  these people also remarked more or less that the eu is not an organisation that the us should give any attention to , despite the fact that it is an expectation on the eu side . 
  in this situation , it seems like the dispute is actually over whether or not the us should negotiate with the eu as a whole . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/news/us-nationals-to-be-forced-to-apply-to-visas-eu-reciprocity/ ) you go . 
  the vote passed . 
  it takes time to get these things rolling . 
  the ec gave them two years to fix it , and then it 's taken 3/4 of a year to get something moving on it . 
  the situation is an issue , but not the highest on the priority list . 
  you are already in violation of the vwp . 
  that 's why this was reported to the ec in 2014 , and the ec gave the us two years to fix it . 
  nothing happened . 
  so now ec/europarl will do something about it . 
  the legislation passed . 
  the countries you are talking about are legally obliged to join schengen and are being given time to . 
  this may seem hard to believe as an american , but we prefer to give people time to accomplish things rather than through coercion . 
  who does n't make the laws ? 
  the eu makes its laws , the us makes its laws . 
  are you lost here ? 
  and as far as expectations go , what you think the eu should expect is irrelevant . 
  you are being told what the eu expects . 
  listen and you will continue to have visa free travel . 
  ignore it and you wo n't . 
  it 's obtuse to apply such simplistic views . 
  ` we only deal with federations or countries ' . 
  you could just deal with the organisation european countries send forward as our representative . 
  and no one is saying the us ca n't continue to do what it 's doing . 
  we 're only voting on what will happen if it continues to do what it 's doing . 
  yes , you are . 
  schengen countries do not make their own visa decisions . 
  the eu does it through the schengen programme . 
  if you approach one to set up a visa-free travel , they will direct you to the eu . 
  it speaks for them . 
  this is the european way things are done in numerous areas of public life . 
  it is the way it is done in europe in this area . 
  that is not in dispute . 
  that means the us has a choice . 
  you can continue on with the ` you 're all just countries ' approach , and get stuck with a visa , or you can recognise that we do things in a certain way , ask the right institution about the matter , and listen to its reply . 
  that 's the choice you have . 
  i do n't think i can say it any more clearly . 
   if you to make it a simple thing about individual countries , you are deliberately choosing to refuse to recognise the eu . 
  here 's your answer , as i 've said before myself . 
  choosing to ignore or pretend the eu does n't exist for any reason you want is your problem . 
  if you do n't want to deal with it , you will not be welcome in the eu without a visa . 
  you 're conflating things that are unrelated . 
  it is standard across the world that a visit longer than 90 days constitutes residency . 
  residency of non-eu nationals in eu countries is currently a matter left to individual states . 
  the same way it is to the us -- the us is not being asked to change its residency system . 
  and residency is outside the scope of this discussion . 
   what they ca n't do is issue schengen visa 's on their own account . 
  the visa you get when entering a schengen country as a visitor with a need for one is a schengen visa . 
  indivdual schengen countries can not issue visitor visas of their own that are not schengen visas . 
  that 's what you have to give up when you join schengen . 
  and a schengen visa does cover travel within the schengen area . 
  otherwise there 'd be border checks and such . 
  the point of not having these , of having truly free movement , is that anyone admitted to the area on a area-wide visa is allowed to go to any other part of the area as long as they do n't overstay the visa . 
  this is the way the schengen system is set up , on purpose . 
  it 's not a bug . 
  and the eu manages the common visa policy through schengen . 
  the issue here is that the us is attempting to pretend like the eu does n't exist . 
  german , irish , latvian , et al are different passports from different countries . 
  but those countries are also members of , and associated with a supranational institution , the eu . 
  for all eu members , the eu is the institution that represents us in this matter . 
  full stop . 
  if you to make it a simple thing about individual countries , you are deliberately choosing to refuse to recognise the eu . 
  you 're treating it like it does n't exist because you do n't want to see it . 
  and that 's your choice , with consequences . 
  that 's also the same point i 'm making about various us citizens . 
  you are all from different states , though you are part of the same country . 
  the way the us is treating eu citizens is the same as if we decided people from alabama needed a visa and ignored their membership of a higher organisation . 
  sorry , but this is confusing . 
  are you saying if you travel to the us on your us passport you do n't have to fill out esta ? 
  that 's to be expected . 
  you 're a citizen . 
  and if you travel to the czech republic on your irish passport , you would n't have any hoops to worry about either . 
  why are you so fixated on the passport issue ? 
  it 's a book with pages in it . 
  it 's a document . 
  passport colour is not a proxy for policy . 
  being confused about passports is not a real issue . 
  what is an issue , the real one , is that the us like to have some europeans come over and do n't like others . 
  you want germans and irish and w. europeans but you do n't want e. europeans . 
  that e. and w. europeans are part of the same institution are an inconvenience to you and you 're trying to invent some rationalisations to treat them differently because that 's what you 'd prefer to do . 
  it would be no different than if the eu decided that people from the east and west coast of america were fine , but people from the bible belt or the south needed a visa . 
  we 're all individual countries , but we 're also europeans . 
  you take the good with the bad . 
  if you do n't want to do that , it 's fine . 
  but you should expect the people we empowered to deal with it to respond in kind . 
  the eu is a surpa-national institution , not a trading bloc .
