  this is how you wind up with isis . 
  usually you would read something like ` high court * hears * ... ' so it 's clear that it was something said in court , not something said by the court . 
  if you read the article , the court did n't rule anything . 
  it was the first day of arguments . 
  damn those are * some * pensioners . 
  db are n't stable . 
  they are in serious danger , but it 's a very slow moving danger . 
  the share price has been tumbling for a year and it appears they are trapped in a negative feedback loop . 
  because the money is n't percolating into the hands of consumers , through which demand would increase prices , leading to inflation . 
  to simplify that , if you give people money , they spend it on stuff , and that creates demand . 
  that demand creates inflation and economic growth . 
  but if you give that money to banks and corporations , they do n't use it to make more goods or invest in new production lines . 
  they use it instead to deal with their debt problems ( by paying off mature commercial paper ( bonds ) and by not issuing as much later ) or keeping it as cash reserves . 
  the proliferation of debt in both personal and corporate entities means that the money is going to mitigate risk rather than productive uses , especially in banks . 
  this is one of the things that is leading to an asset bubble -- where these types of programmes are inflating the value of assets by eliminating the risk of default . 
  in the end it is not sustainable -- but the whole issue is to try and prevent a massive market correction , which might happen anyway . 
  what is required is actual demand stimulus , but that would only be possible through helicopter money or debt jubilee , two things which are extremely unappealing for conservative orthodox economists and leaders . 
  hence the economic stagnation that lingers in many places . 
  the russians do n't want ukraine . 
  they want a warm-water port in crimea , and they want to prevent ukraine from joining nato , and eventually the eu . 
  all they need to do to achieve that is create a small-scale conflict which neither ` side ' is capable to win . 
  a fight which drags on is good enough for them . 
  could you clarify that ? 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  you should n't blame on marx what was not his doing . 
  marx was an economist , stalin was a despot . 
  the former 's critique on capitalism for the most part still stands , the latter 's record of mass-murder mostly still stands as well . 
  people from all backgrounds do terrible things in the name of ideology . 
  if germany 's national govt and greece 's national govt , or france 's national govt , or ireland 's national govt , ca n't agree collectively , it 's national intransigence that is fueling euroskepticism . 
  that 's what 's happening . 
  in this context , italy 's national govt and italy in general need the eu to provide a meaningful solution . 
  bailing in italian banks after their npls rise to a level that destroys the economy would mean a lot of non-institutional investors get hurt , as well as institutional investors who represent regular people ( pension funds ) . 
  if a referendum in oct is a proxy confidence vote in the renzi govt , voters are likely to punish him if he ca n't achieve a solution to the crisis . 
  and that means 5 star gets more popular , and their solution is to leave . 
  that would be catastrophic for the entire eu . 
  i suppose you mean this in the sense of saying ` you should know better than to vote for the hard right ( or the right wing ) . ', 
  at the same time , when people get sick of seeing eu intransigence or impotence , or are indignant about something being imposed at an eu level , alternatives start to be more appealing . 
  that 's one thing this sub and many ca n't understand about brexit . 
  52 % of the uk are n't idiots , or irrational . 
  the eu and remain just performed so badly that ukip and brexit did n't seem so bad . 
  especially for people who felt left behind economically . 
  okay . 
  but same difference . 
  the problem is that internal divisions are preventing the eu from creating a unified and effective response . 
  then all the eurosceptics have to do is point to this and say ` see ? 
  the eu is broken and it wo n't help . ', 
  then they start winning elections , not because they are better , but because the eu appears so weak . 
  i seem to remember a big banking crisis in italy that is getting no assistance from brussels . 
  that 's a great reason to be dissatisfied . 
  brussels still does n't get it . 
  either they offer a real solution to the problems experienced by their member states -- which makes europe a viable project and vision -- or they stand by and shake their heads when 5star and afd win elections . 
   someone has n't learned about regulatory capture yet . 
  regulatory capture occurs when a company uses its influence to get a regulatory agency to use its powers to advance the company 's interests . 
  that actually the opposite of what you 're implying : that regulation of an industry stops it from innovating . 
  which part of ` we get regulations that benefits us ' stops a company from innovating ? 
  by your logic , we should have no regulations anywhere . 
  for example , the fda regulating drugs or foods for safety would have prevented new medications from being created , or new foods . 
  has that happened ? 
  it just means that new medications and foods have to be safe . 
   so we 'll get the government to stop companies from helping the government . 
  what ? 
  i admit this is vague . 
  what i mean is that the european parliament steps in to assist european customers of social media from having their data siphoned off by the nsa et al in america . 
  protecting the privacy rights of europeans i would think would be part of the mission of the european parliament . 
  this is not about innovation . 
  regulation does n't kill innovation , nor are they inherently enemies . 
  regulation is necessary where some act or trend are creating danger or possible harm for consumers . 
  telling big companies how they can and ca n't use data of their users does n't stop them from evolving new services or systems . 
  it just protects the ` digital footprint ' of their users , prevents undesired surveillance , protects the openness and neutrality of the internet itself , and provides a more straightforward user experience . 
  by the way , remember that most of those services myspace , aol , and even early versions of fb and twitter were n't designed to monetise customers and sell their data to advertisers . 
  they were ` pure ' in their use case . 
  it 's second and third gen services which have figured out how to monetise their user base which are the issue here . 
  we also need to eliminate the capacity for these companies to support illegal govt surveillance . 
  okay , so we dump fb . 
  google , apple , ms , and many others use user data in the same way . 
  you would be very hardpressed to find a company you can use who is n't using your data in some way as a revenue stream . 
  if we start telling people ` if you do n't like it , quit ' , there would n't really be much internet left for people who do n't want their data used in certain ways . 
  do you read all the t&c or eula you agree to when you use a product ? 
  are they unambiguous and in straightforward language ? 
  most people do n't read them , or even understand them clearly . 
  such legislation would be designed to protect these people , among other things . 
  part of this is actually a good idea . 
  this part :  we should pass a social media act that will define exactly how social networks should work we are at a point of internet and social/technological development where social media , including google search , are a part of our basic human existence . 
  and we are also at a situation where these services are basically owned by corporations and private parties , even though they contain massive amounts of information in what is considered ` the public domain . ', 
  the ecj was very right in reconceptualising the nature of information about a person as not being exclusively private property in the ` right to be forgotten ' ruling . 
  it provides people some control over how information about them is communicated/published/controlled by these private companies . 
  facebook being one of the worst about how they handle and sell user data for monetisation purposes . 
  at this point it would be extremely useful for the eu to clarify and set out standards by which all companies offering social media services must abide . 
  specifically , in what ways they can retain and sell to third parties user data/metadata/preferences / history , what are mandatory privacy settings to give users control over information held about them , and how they can enforce their rights . 
  most of these companies consider that the data they hold is their private property , and they view any impingement on that as being a threat to their property rights . 
  but the eu and most europeans take a different view , and it would be very good to have a common and universal stance to apply to the myriad of different providers . 
  not true . 
  the swiss were able to define their own neutrality and to maintain it ( though they clearly favoured the allies ) . 
  i base my info on what i 've seen in the public domain . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/irelands-biggest-companies-2116085-may2015/ ) would be an example . 
  also [ here ] ( http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/foreign-firms-here-employ-as-many-as-irish-companies-overseas-30831998.html ) . 
  actual irish large irish companies i can think of are companies like crh , glenisk , paddy power , etc. 
  in the latter example note that all irish multinationals outside ireland ( worldwide ) employ about as many people as the foreign mnes inside ireland , and globally produce less than half the comparative turnover . 
  i know that there are some new fancy programmes for start-ups , but the real sme sector is the one that is already engaged , and the one that suffered the most as a result of the recession . 
  it is they i do n't think who are getting a lot of support .
