  in this matter , it is not collective . 
  you can decide what you like . 
  if you ignore us , we will ignore the ruling . 
  i 'm just prognosticating that now . 
  we would rather an eu sanction than to destroy the good friday agreement . 
  see you 've already taken a side in the glass house , stone throwing , competition . 
  the uk is not ` the angry man ' , any more than any of the other angry states in the eu right now . 
  and the eu itself is no less angry about brexit than it is portraying the uk to be . 
  this is not a competition to see who can be more of a jackass , or who can take a harder line , or who can survive best the apocalypse . 
  that 's stupid . 
  the only thing that seems to stand between now and a world crushing , global economic meltdown in the immediate future is a bit of political grandstanding . 
  and while the uk and the eu are busy blaming each other , everyone else is fucked . 
  i do n't mind people siding with leave or remain , but sure as te feck we should n't be trying to push it farther . 
  do you want to watch your economy , and everyone else 's , implode , just to win a political point ? 
  for sure , the gbp took a loss . 
  but it 's held it 's own in recent days . 
  ftse is back well above pre-brexit levels . 
  markets are really volatile . 
  basically every time something happens in the media they scramble . 
  the same people who are reporting ` end of the world ' doom-sayers ' messages every day are using the market reaction to it as evidence . 
  everybody is afraid of brexit . 
  well at least everybody * should * be afraid of it . 
  this cavalier attitude of ` fuck em ' is stupid ; it does n't matter whether the uk 's current position is better or worse than i 've portrayed it . 
  if politics destroys the world , it will be about politics , not economics . 
  economically the situation is fragile , for everyone . 
  the 2008 recession and 2010 sov bond crisis are n't even resolved yet . 
  economics says tread softly . 
  politicians do n't seem to get that . 
  being ireland and periphery states right now is a bit like watching two parents trying to kill each other in a divorce ( in before anyone says the uk is a parent -- dirty unionists -- i said a bit ! ) . 
  you are determined to win this battle of wills , but you are going to destroy everything for everybody else . 
  by the way , this statement :  but hey , own currency so you can just print 250bil gbp and pretend everything is fine right ? 
  actually is true . 
  the ghost of hyperinflation is not going to happen without some actual inflation . 
  the uk does n't have to be zimbabwe -- it can take a more sophisticated approach to debt management and monetary policy than that . 
  what 's troubling is that the eu * ca n't * . 
  when you look at the eu , does economic stability come to mind ? 
  if so , we must be looking in different places . 
  the eu economy is also in a glass house , asking for a stone throwing competition . 
  does that sound like a good idea ? 
  he 's right by the way . 
  you may not like it , but he 's right . 
  the eu is teetering on deflation . 
  half of its bond yields are negative , and interest rates are at the zlb . 
  the ecb is buying bonds onto its balance sheet left and right , without much effect . 
  a large number of eu states are running high debts and are struggling to cut expenditure without collapsing their economies . 
  the eu banks are close to insolvency in a number of states , and there 's greece . 
  the eu needs but a tiny push to go into recession . 
  a little bit bigger push , and you are headed into depression . 
  draghi has but one single weapon left at his disposal : helicopter money , which he would rather suffer than to use . 
  at best this pissing contest is going to end with mutually assured destruction . 
  at worst , the eu economy is going to spiral out of control with nobody capable of saving it . 
  the uk would also suffer greatly . 
  but , of [ the 15 top trading partners ] ( http://www.worldstopexports.com/united-kingdoms-top-import-partners/ ) , about 50 % of its partners would be eu partners . 
  that 's a big , devastating loss . 
  but what 's different is what happens next . 
  a uk with its own currency has the monetary power to have its central bank support the currency and its banks . 
  state aid = no problem . 
  after that , a uk freed from having to jointly negotiate trade deals joins a free trade agreement with the us , canada , and maybe china . 
  it pivots to s america and other markets . 
  in the long-term , it survives . 
  can you say the same about all the eu countries , considering that the strength of the impact will not be uniform , and that tools to fix the situation are both political and extremely limited ? 
  with debt levels as they are ? 
  so ... bottom line is that looking at the uk position and sneering is stupid . 
  unless you actively want a world recession worse than 2008 , you had better consider that whatever hardline is taken is going to hurt the eu as badly as the uk , and vice versa . 
  the banks know this . 
  that 's why frankfurt is already making overtures . 
  by the way , just so that i can say this somewhere else where it is n't taken as a pointless fact , we in ireland will not allow you to put a border across northern ireland . 
  assuming it goes with the uk . 
  the good friday agreement and the peace process comes first . 
  we tried to tell merkel that on the weekend . 
  long time , no hear . 
  how 's that subreddit you run hating americans who claim to be irish ? 
  a while back , we over at r/ireland caught on to that . 
  it 's gas . 
  thanks for that . 
  i am a web developer and would like to state clearly that we have excellent grammar in general . 
  if you can not structure a sentence well , i 'd hate to see your code . 
  if you have ever read any of chomsky 's work , facts are something he 's not short of . 
  you might disagree with his conclusions , but he examines even the smallest things in exquisite detail . 
   strategically , what 's best for us , and for iraqis , and kurds , and everyone in the middle east , and for europe , is democracy and stability in iraq . 
  those are what we call foreign policy objectives . 
  no , it is what is called your arrogance . 
  you never thought that democracy in iraq might not be feasible . 
  you never thought that thousand year old tensions between shiites and sunnis might derail your vision of an american iraq . 
  you never considered the forces that might arise if you destabilised a brutal , but stable , government . 
  your ` foreign policy objectives ' are to meddle in other peoples ' affairs , and to assume that you know best for everyone , whether you 're right or not . 
  you create these messes , and then you scratch your head when it happens . 
   bad man , and maybe he should be in prison , but that does n't mean the war itself was unjustified , only that the stated reason was n't the real one . 
  the un did n't justify the war anyway , with or without bush and his noble lie . 
  it is very twisted , this moral rationalisation . 
   he 'd already lost control of much of the country and analysts were giving him eight years to live . 
  if anything was going to destabilise iraq , it was the sanctions . 
  the balance of power was still firmly with the baathists , and nobody openly dared to challenge the administration . 
  8 years is a long time , by the way . 
  i did n't write a lot there because i think more writing = victory . 
  i wrote a lot because it takes a lot to unravel the many generic rationalisations used to support a failing position . 
  i would actually prefer to write less and for people to make straightforward arguments . 
   and for the 3rd time - i find the iraq war to be an illegal war crime . 
  great . 
  so you came to the right conclusion for the wrong reasons .
