  you expect them to have made the ` right ' decision based on * your * perception of reality , but perhaps they did make the right decision based on theirs . 
  have you considered that actually the results are clearly across social and economic class lines ? 
   it looks very likely that the disruption is going to be massive no matter how many nice words i say it sounds like a secret wish for self-punishment . 
  i think you want your country to suffer for the choice because you think it 's the wrong one . 
   mature , responsible people would n't have voted to leave based on fiction . 
  or laugh at experts . 
  so the approach ought to be to respond to immaturity and irresponsibility with by being immature and irresponsible ? 
  you definitely want your own country to suffer . 
  you mean yet another proposition that favours them , hurts others , and is likely to be just as unequally enforced ? 
  somebody always get 's fucked in a referendum . 
  if the results had been 51-49 in favour of remain , 49 % of the uk would be getting fucked right now too . 
  wait ... something ` bad ' needs to happen to convince them to stay , while something ` bad ' is going to happen if they leave . 
  so really you 're just hoping for something bad to happen ? 
  why would n't you simply wish them well and support doing everything possible to minimise the economic disruption ? 
  that 's what mature people would do . 
  like a boss !, 
  [ german trade surplus swells to fresh record ] ( http://www.ft.com/fastft/2016/05/10/german-current-account-surplus-swells-to-record/ ) which contains this statement :  germany has also long fallen foul of eu budget rules which limit member states to running current account surpluses of no more than 6 per cent of gdp . 
  [ germany 's record trade surplus is a bigger threat to euro than greece ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/comment/ambroseevans_pritchard/11584031/germanys-record-trade-surplus-is-a-bigger-threat-to-euro-than-greece.html ) which leads with this sentence :  if eu law were properly enforced , germany would face fines for endangering eurozone stability and breaching the macroeconomic imbalance procedure for the fifth year in a row and  their surplus should be treated in the same way as the southern deficits were treated earlier , as a comparable threat to eurozone stability . 
  what is so worrying is that the surplus would normally be falling rapidly at this stage of the economic cycle that was , by the way , written in 2015 . 
  surplus for 2015 was  8 % . 
  will also be as high or higher for 2016 , unless something drastic happens . 
  which means it will have happened 7 years in a row . 
   this is the fifth consecutive year that germany 's surplus has been above 6pc of gdp . 
  the eu 's macroeconomic imbalance procedure states that the commission should launch infringement proceedings if this occurs for three years in a row , unless there is a clear reason not to . 
   it is no mystery why the imbalance is getting worse . 
  the german regulatory and tax structure is geared in favour of output and exports , and against consumption . 
  it is the mirror image of britain . 
  neither formula is healthy . 
   berlin has refused to offset anemic demand with extra government spending . 
  the `` ordoliberals '' in the german finance ministry are instead running a budget surplus of 0.6 pc of gdp in a near-religious glorification of savings . 
  hope these help . 
  i did n't feel like combing through the macroeconomic imbalance procedure documents themselves . 
  the situation is known and has been reported by the eu , the imf , and others since at least 2012 . 
  i am well used to it . 
  i 'm just trying to point out each and every instance of the issues that make the leave campaign for brexit not so illegitimate . 
  everybody seems to have forgotten about the balance of power prior to the brexit vote , and here we are now , once again being reminded clearly of it . 
  i think the concern is of the eu trying to pressure us to install a border , bringing us into conflict with the eu . 
  were it left to just enda and dc ( or whomever it is on their end ) , we 'd just make a deal . 
  but now the eu has to assert it 's authority in the matter and could undermine the stability of ni if it chooses to force the issue . 
  my worry is that our international colleagues wo n't approach the situation with the sensitivity required and wo n't take seriously the need for a soft hand . 
  they 're all seeing red at the minute and that could be very bad for us . 
  you know very well that any actual border ( with controls ) will explode the gfa and we will be right back to violence within 6 months . 
  schaeuble wasting no time reinforcing the brexit claim that everybody in the eu is going to be forced to do as the germans want . 
  hilarious that he wants an independent body to oversee budget rules , but does n't mention anywhere that such a system would require fiscal transfers in order to remain stable . 
  nor does the article mention that the germans would be fined 1 % of their gdp / year until their illegal surplus returns to < 6 % . 
  or the level set in the treaties they want to enforce on everyone else . 
  lol . 
  fairly sure scotland would n't use nukes ( or anything else ) considering that it does n't support trident and wants out of the whole nuclear deterrence system . 
  what i was saying was if push comes to shove ( metaphorically ) , what would the uk actually do if the split between them and scotland is bitter , and the scots walk away from uk debt . 
   did you not read what i said ? 
  i did read it . 
  and i do n't really think you have a handle on how things stand . 
  when i wrote the sentence you quoted , i was trying to get across the point that because of the brexit result , everyone has to now make some big choices . 
  in this context , that includes the scots . 
  both scotland and ni have to specifically choose whether they will follow the uk out of the eu , and suffer whatever consequences that creates , or whether they will fight to stay in the eu and suffer whatever consequence comes as a result of losing the uk . 
  you and several others made it clear to me that you think scottish and ni brexit is a foregone conclusion . 
  and i 've been trying to get across in response that , actually , it 's not . 
  in fact , independence for scotland * is * the foregone conclusion . 
  even if it damages the scottish economy while europe and westminster sort out their relationship . 
  i fully understand the areas between scotland and r/uk that are in danger , and i am aware of exactly how much r/uk had been subsidising scotland . 
  i 'm not implying being cut off from the uk would be an insignificant act , or that it wo n't cause serious hardship . 
  yet i would without much reservation state that economics is n't the primary factor that is going into this decision making process . 
  this move is also about identity -- and it 's absolutely clear that scotland fancies itself an eu citizen * before * it fancies itself an uk citizen . 
  i think the british like to look at the result of the referendum as confirmation that scotland are ` in it to the end ' with england , ( and r/uk ) but that 's not the reality . 
  the ref of 2014 was won on the basis of fear , with the message from dc et al basically being the same one you 're parroting : ` scotland , without us you 're going to go broke , you will get screwed in the markets and currency , you 'll have austerity , and you will lose jobs , assets , trade , and social support . ', 
  or in other words , ` you ca n't make it on your own , and you 'll fail if you try ' . 
  that part is pretty clear . 
  but now that this fear has been made reality by brexit , it no longer has the sting it once had . 
  where once scotland was being told it would lose eu membership , now they appear ( by some sources ) to be about to lose it anyway . 
  where they were once told their trade was going to suffer , and their social subsidy was going to suffer , now those things appear to be certainties anyway . 
  what is left to them is to determine with whom they align closest , and that 's the eu . 
  now of course nobody wants to ' [ cut ] off from [ the uk ] in a rushed manner ' . 
  scots want to part ways in the most amicable of terms possible , with the least disruptive impact on the economy , and the most favourable ( free ) trade arrangements . 
  in other words , exactly like the uk want to do with europe . 
  but similarly to how the eu is approaching the uk , it 's possible that the uk will not accept the parting , or will behave similarly vindictively toward scotland as the eu is currently to the uk . 
  so what to do then ? 
  and it 's clear scotland are prepared to seek independence even in the face of a worst case scenario with the uk . 
  that 's what phrases like ` we no longer consider that the uk have a mandate to represent scotland ' mean . 
  and why scotland did n't seek permission from westminster to meet with the eu , why it is n't seeking permission from westminster to hold another referendum , and why it is n't looking for westminster to validate the result . 
  it 's crazy to me just how in denial about things the uk remain crowd still are . 
  you have no idea why 51 % of your country voted the way it did , and you have no idea how other people are going to choose in response to brexit . 
  the real question here is actually whether ni will seek to rejoin roi , or whether it will choose to follow the uk out of the eu . 
  in fact , if the eu attempts to enforce a border between the north and the republic -- goodbye peace process , hello troubles 2.0 . 
  good god . 
  it 's clear that humour is not a strong suit on r/europe . 
  you guys should never come to ireland . 
  you would hate it . 
  i was n't moving the goalposts . 
  i was making a joke . 
  that was the sound of humourlessness . 
  tough fucking crowd . 
  no , our finance minister is just a tool obeying eu masters . 
  edit : just so you wo n't be clueless , our prime minister ( taoiseach ) is an idiot who likes to make up stories about people he 's never met , whenever they let him talk without a script . 
  famous for the infamous ` man with two pints ' story . 
  our finance minister knows absolutely nothing about economics . 
  he was once the health minister , though he knows nothing at all about medicine either . 
  our prime minister was a school teacher , as well as our finance minister . 
  you 're not helping your cause much there . 
  you think most meps have worked real jobs ? 
  we only promote people to mep when they have proven conclusively that they are useless in jobs ( real or otherwise ) .
