  directly from the article . 
  it is an * allegation * that it was designed to limit their influence . 
  no , the chinese are not happy . 
  you forget that the chinese declined to participate in the tpp ( they were asked ) because they felt that it was onerous and intentionally intended to harm their interests . 
  and it was . 
  but , though it is a small victory for them to not face a tpp bloc , the reasons providing that victory are worse . 
  trump is going to withdraw from tpp because he wants to challenge the negative impact of globalism through change to us markets . 
  that is * extremely * dangerous to the chinese , whose viability is intrinsically tied to globalised production systems , and their devalued labour markets being attractive to global capital . 
  if you want to constrain china , it 's way more effective to stop us companies from utilising their factories than it is to install a trade bloc in the region . 
  but that 's not an attractive solution because geopolitical issues are subservient to economic issues in terms of strategy . 
  you raise excellent points . 
  but i 'm not at all sure eu funding translates to jobs , which is what are required . 
  we would have to look at what the eu funding in the uk goes for , and how that feeds the local and wider economies . 
  i know that the uk govt is uninterested in investing in new spending to establish industry in hard-hit places , and it 's entirely possible farage blamed a uk problem on the eu . 
  i actually do n't take issue with that point . 
  what i do take issue with is the dismissal of leave voters as ignorant rather than to review the situation that led to their disenfranchisement . 
  even if ukip/leave fed them misinformation , the base economic problems were there before and are n't being addressed . 
  not everyone supports the primark/fast fashion model , or thinks that the exploitation of developing countries is acceptable . 
  the problem with the view of globalisation above , of which your view is orthodox , in a nutshell is that there are losers who do n't simply vanish along with their jobs . 
  traditional economics admit that there are going to be losers , they just assume those losers will find some other source of productive income . 
  and they favour the value delivered to all consumers and the productive savings that it creates . 
  but what actually happens is that communities get hollowed out when their economic infrastructure relocates to low cost jurisdictions . 
  hollowed out communities are filled with unhappy and disaffected voters , and crime . 
  and those voters are now letting mainstream politics know how they feel . 
  at the same time they are gaining a real voice for themselves , the political classes are doing all in their power to suppress it . 
  the purpose of the article is thus essentially to admit that this can not be done any longer . 
  the problem for the eu is that it has no plan or mechanism to restore productivity to areas who have lost it . 
  it does n't want to take this responsibility , alongside national leaders , because the value delivered by globalisation is undercut by the requirement to support its losers . 
  they would rather hope to influence politics to win rather than solve the problem . 
  this is why , alongside ideology , i expect the centre to fail and for rightist , anti-globalist politics to overshadow it . 
  not because it is better or more appealing , but because the people in power right now do n't even understand the problem . 
  yes , more than one consecutive quarter at growth ends a recession . 
  if it happens , then we made the bed , and we can sleep in it . 
  but , tbh this thing about us losing all our businesses is just an empty threat . 
  two things might happen : businesses like apple who are holding large amounts of cash through irish companies will repatriate the money . 
  and they might shift their hq back to the us , along with ownership of ip . 
  neither of those hurt ireland . 
  because us based companies still need a european base of operations to reach eu markets . 
  so why would they leave ? 
  they can stay where they 've already made investments and run their eu business through ireland the way they have done for years . 
  because neoliberal is to the right of social democracy , and social democracy is centrist . 
  i think a lot of people do n't understand what the term neoliberalism means . 
  i ca n't speak to why the us system works the way it works , re : eggs . 
  all i can say is that the lack of the same system in the eu has not resulted in a food poisoning epidemic . 
  to be honest , all the things that american food companies would need to do to make their products safe by eu standards are things that would improve the products for americans too . 
  in my view american food companies have been allowed to profit at the expense of americans ' health to the point that regular people in the us ca n't distinguish between what is and is not healthy food . 
  they pay cheaper prices , they get cheaper products that substitute real for artificial . 
  i 'm not implying that eu people are magically more educated about what is ` healthy ' food ( and indeed what food is healthy and what is n't is controversial ) . 
  i 'm simply saying that in comparison to the us , the basic choices on offer in shops in the eu are less processed . 
  this is what we should want to protect . 
   in the eu you are not allowed to wash eggs , so that the natural protective film of the shell stays intact . 
  eggs do n't need to be washed . 
  the shell is a natural sealant from bacteria . 
  the lack of european people getting sick from eating unwashed eggs might be an indicator that the eggs are safe as they are sold . 
  and you hit the nail on the head :  in the us it 's during and after processing . 
  it 's what you feed these animals , what you dose them with , and how you process the ingredients that is of specific concern . 
  chlorinated chicken is a proxy item for wider concerns that in comparison to eu standards , even base ` fresh foods ' from the us are frankenfoods . 
   so , the same result is reached , but the method is intirely different and not compatible . 
  i totally get it if you want to argue that the eu foodstandards are unnecessary . 
  but the items that are banned are banned for a reason . 
  the argument that ' < x  should not be banned ' is inane . 
  if you want to deal with the eu or the uk , meet the standards . 
  do n't just expect people to change their policy to suit your products . 
  us supreme court judges are also appointed for life . 
  on purpose . 
  the idea is that by making them untouchable by politics , they can not be coerced by any government and are free to rule as they want without interference . 
  i would argue that 's a very good thing . 
  democracy does not want a situation where a government has the power to ` change the composition of the supreme court ' at will , otherwise the government will stack the court with friendly judges and will remove judges for not providing friendly rulings . 
  remember judicial activism is generally professionally frowned upon , and judges are not policy makers . 
  they are policy evaluators -- solely on the basis of law . 
  they should only ever be expected to rule based on what the law says . 
  if some particular idea or policy falls afoul of the law , it 's not the judges ' fault . 
  in fact , using any process to coerce judges into endorsing the law delegitimises the law itself . 
  having leverage is not the problem whether or not the agreement is between an individual state or the eu itself . 
  the problem is standards . 
  eu countries , including the uk , have higher food safety standards than does the us . 
  and eu countries , including the uk , have concerns about the impact of allowing products made under american rules into their markets . 
  it seems like the american side is totally unwilling to meet eu/uk food safety standards and is demanding that the eu/uk lower their standards as a condition of making a deal . 
  to me that 's a completely unreasonable request and no deal is possible under such parameters regardless of who considers themselves to have superior negotiating power . 
  the guys at the eu and uk who are negotiating these deals are pro-free trade . 
  they want a deal and they want barriers removed to same . 
  but they very well ca n't turn around to their people and freely admit to allowing what are considered harmful substances into the marketplace . 
  not hyperbole . 
  i wish i had n't deleted -- i just thought twice about it . 
  the problem here is that americans and europeans have different values ( assuming our arguments are each representative ) . 
  you only care about price , and you opt for the minimum standards . 
  we care about much more than that . 
  our standards are higher than yours , which require our markets to be protected from you . 
  in fact , the issue of standards is what makes your argument inane . 
  it 's not protectionism -- american products are n't being deliberately disadvantaged because they come from america . 
  your rejected products do n't meet the standards of the eu , which apply to all products in the market equally . 
  were american companies to produce products which meet eu standards , they would be ( and are ) allowed to compete on the market with eu products on an even footing . 
  but you do n't want to do that . 
  so this is n't about protectionism , it 's about standards . 
  and you 're asking the eu to lower its standards to make itself amenable to the us because the us refuses to raise its standards . 
  and because americans are exceptional , you think it 's crazy that we wo n't do it . 
  stop crying about protectionism and just make better products and there wo n't be any issues . 
  protected designations are a * great * thing . 
  we know it 's hard for americans to understand , as the oldest product in america is less than 300 years old . 
  not so in europe .
