  greece . 
  yields in half the states on bonds are negative , or at the zlb in other instruments . 
  the eu would be in actual recession right now without draghi and omt . 
  even a ` smaller hit ' would be very significant to the eu , and the ecb has very little scope and mechanism to manage it . 
   but really , it 's the uk who wanted to have borders . 
  why blame the eu ? 
  not blaming the eu . 
  trying to get people to be reasonable about the relative impact of brexit on both sides , and the notion that everyone needs to tread carefully . 
  with regard to ireland , i 'm not blaming the eu either , nor the uk . 
  i 'm laying out the position that we are in , and what we will have to do about it . 
  it was pretty clear that other europeans do n't really understand the situation , and the fear is that them being removed both historically and geographically means the eu interest is n't necessarily aligned with the irish interest . 
  the uk want the cta to continue . 
  ireland want the cta to continue . 
  both the uk and ireland want the gfa to continue ( despite republican calls for unification ) . 
  i was only making the statement that if the eu decision is made over both objections of the uk and ireland , on the foot of brexit , to re-establish a formal hard border , ireland will reject it . 
  we ca n't allow the troubles to start again after these years of relative peace . 
  that 's really all i was trying to convey . 
  the cta and the gfa supersede any deal reached between the eu and the uk , no matter whose fault it is . 
  do you really think that if the uk are agreeing to maintain the cta , and that our gov want the cta , but the eu is refusing it , that we 'll just abolish it ? 
  or in other words , do you think enda is stupid enough to reignite the troubles by breaking the gfa ? 
  uh no , the vast majority of irish people are not in agreement with germany on the issue . 
  we may not support the uk getting a deal on free movement of labour or immigration , but we do support them getting a special deal on the cta and our border with the uk . 
  that is specifically what enda went there to talk about . 
  the majority of irish people do not want , and would not accept , a hard border across ni after all these years of the gfa . 
  who me ? 
  in a sea of rhetoric about who is really going to fuck who , i 'm the one ? 
  the only thing ireland really care about right now is that the gfa does n't explode . 
  we went to europe and we talked about it , and merkel told us our concerns were the same as any other country . 
  maybe i 'm just tired of the echo chamber being vindictive and foolhardy . 
  the possibility that any member state can veto any legislation is not a real possibility , and everybody knows that . 
  i 'm trying to be someone who puts some sense into this . 
  i 'm not taking part in the contest of which needs the other more , or which is going to hurt more if it comes to it . 
  my point is that this attitude is petty and stupid . 
  i was telling a german , and europe , that no matter what is decided with the uk , a border is not going across n. ireland , to partition our state again . 
  you do n't have flair , so i ca n't see where you 're from . 
  i 've been working to try and tell other europeans that they do n't understand what they are asking . 
  we are not going to break the good friday agreement with the uk , no matter what the eu decides . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
   oh , and if you imagine the us , canada , china or south america will be queuing to sign free trade agreements with the uk the us are already making overtures , as are the canadians for ceta . 
  china i do n't know -- but china was the fastest growing importer of uk goods last year . 
  s. america , not sure -- though venezuala would likely play ball , but argentina , no way . 
  and i said long-term anyway . 
  it 's funny when random internet commenter attacks one of the most respected and knowledgeable intellectuals in modern history . 
  guy has written an * opus * of work analysing in detail every foreign policy move from wwii to now , and who can connect all the dots . 
  you post a single excerpt from a single work and use this as a way to discredit him . 
  most of the time , i do n't assume things about internet commenters , but you , and me , are not on chomsky 's level . 
  we do not have the depth of his knowledge , research , memory , or likely intellectual capacity . 
  you are like someone sneering at copernicus and shouting ` you fool , look up !, 
  ca n't you see where the sun is ? 
  no , friend from bulgaria . 
   you 're the eu smarty . 
  this situation precedes the eu . 
  it is more important than the eu . 
  our politicians are very reserved and careful , but we are more afraid of the end of peace in ireland and ni than we are of the eu . 
  this is a situation where you in bulgaria can not have a meaningful input , and that 's what we are saying . 
   at least you 're honest about it now , your first post suggested otherwise with the way you worded it . 
  i was trying to contrast all the fools sneering at davis 's statement and generally acting out over it . 
  people who do n't seem to know what they are asking for . 
   yet it was completely self-inflicted by the uk . 
  see this is what people do n't get . 
  the remain campaign do n't have a clue why leave voted the way it did . 
  the evidence is all there , but they do n't see it . 
  they * presume * to know it ; and they apply labels to leave voters . 
  the things that made brexit possible did n't happen overnight . 
  they 're the same things that have given the far right room to grow across europe . 
  the same things that people here complained about exhaustively . 
  and the same things many people in many european countries are suffering : high unemployment , high debt , dim prospects , and generally being left behind . 
  without those , there is no brexit . 
  but nothing about that is being discussed , nor nothing in the response to that , even notices that that 's what caused it . 
  you 're angry at the uk for abandoning a relationship that its most disenfranchised people ( who are a majority ! ), 
  think is abusive , while a growing number of people in the eu states feel the same way . 
  and it 's getting worse , not better . 
   that is a matter of political willpower actually , and might be easier with the uk pretty much gone . 
  not at all . 
  by treaty the ecb ca n't bail out eu states . 
  it got away with omt , but that 's it . 
  if there were another real crisis , it 's * depositors * who are going to suffer , which is going to worsen the crisis , before the ecb can even step in . 
  you have a bank , just like the english central bank , who can make money from nothing . 
  but it can not by law to support states . 
  while that cbe can . 
   there might have to be a customs border between ireland as a whole and britain though . 
  as long as it 's not on the island of ireland . 
  you do n't get this . 
  so let me explain . 
  in the troubles , before the gfa , people who lived in ireland had to pass through a hard border with armed guards to get into n ireland . 
  had to be stopped by armed uk soldiers and hassled . 
  were abused and harrassed . 
  the republican element see this as a forced partition and a foreign invasion . 
  and there was terror . 
  bombs . 
  bloodshed . 
  shootings . 
  and insurgency . 
  that 's what that border represents . 
  and why we wo n't ever allow another one to exist on this island . 
  what are you on about us leaving the eu ? 
  we love the eu . 
  i 'm just saying no matter what the eu decide , we wo n't allow a border to go up across our island . 
  we will not suffer another 30 years of bombings and bloodshed . 
  likewise , to be honest , while we respect lovely europeans like yourself , we wo n't allow you to make this decision for us .
