  and in any case , your framing of the problem is a bit off . 
  nobody willing to carry a firearm throughout the day , outside of the home , in a personal capacity , is untrained . 
  they know how to use that weapon , and they 've thought about how and where to use it . 
  or where not to . 
  those situations are the very reason they carry . 
  even if he hit a civilian it still would n't be worse than not trying . 
  what you 're talking about is the equivalent of saying ` you can only buy ammo if you do so while standing on one leg and juggling with your non-dominant hand ' . 
  if the idea is to just ban guns , then ban guns and get on with the battle over it . 
  the swiss do n't have a firearms problem . 
  they do n't have a firearms violence problem . 
  they do n't even have a firearms regulatory problem . 
  they do n't need the eu to regulate their ownership of firearms ; they need the eu to get out of the way . 
  the people in europe who face threats of gun violence and terrorism do n't face it because there 's some relationship to gun ownership itself . 
  and taking away guns from people willing to pay to license them wo n't fix the problem . 
  in fact , it set up the conditions where unarmed civilians were powerless to do anything in the face of armed assailants while they waited 20 minute for a police response . 
  one guy with a gun in the bataclan could have made a huge difference . 
  he certainly would n't have made the problem worse . 
  you must live in a reality that has a completely different history than the one that actually happened . 
  the ruc and loyalist paramilitaries were directly coordinating with the uk government , and they murdered plenty of ni catholics . 
  by your logic , you are yourself a terrorist . 
  and the uk refusal to declassify and discuss the information now paints all of the uk as a terrorist-sympathiser . 
   you come across like some poor eternal victim , it 's embarrassing . 
  here you are being anti-irish . 
  it was irish nationalists who freed ireland from 800 years of british oppression . 
  who fought to win civil rights for irish catholics who were treated like dogs all the way up until the gfa . 
  or did you forget the famine ? 
  guess where all the irish crops were going while the irish starved ? 
  or the ` no blacks , no dogs , no irish ' ? 
  and let 's not forget margaret thatcher , may her soul burn eternally in hell . 
  everything that ireland has now it has * in spite * of being a victim of england . 
  which makes your claim about our lack of greatness kind of ironic , and circular . 
  if we do n't have anything great to claim about ourselves ( in your opinion ) it 's because you took it from us . 
  also , i want to thank you . 
  i am myself pretty euro-sceptic . 
  i have issues with a lot of what the eu is doing . 
  but people like you make me think that nothing the eu wants for itself or for ireland could ever be as bad as the future we would have following your example . 
  [ daithi camsron ] ( https://i.redd.it/pa4yhspyz7ly.png ) unificator of ireland , liberator of scotland , first of his name . 
  and now his watch has ended . 
  anti-scot , anti-irish , pro-imperial uk , yes , what 's not to like ? 
  in fact , we 're grateful . 
  the more you 're allowed to talk , the easier it is to show people why they should not want to be in a union with you . 
  also , could you at least make up your mind ? 
  you hate the scots but you want the scots to stay . 
  you hate the n. irish but you want them to stay . 
  they 're both a burden on poor aul england but you do n't want to let them go either ? 
  you 're like some bitter old man with nothing to say but ugly things . 
  us checks and balances are n't as intensive as people think . 
  i would argue that most of what makes the us system stable is a cultural respect for the institutions themselves . 
  for example , the legislature 's check over judiciary appointments made by the executive . 
  there was an extremely interesting case i heard about where obama was going to appoint a scotus judge whether the senate confirmed or not . 
  his argument was basically that the constitution compels him to ask the senate for their advice ( confirmation ) but does n't require their approval per se . 
  if they choose to withhold it , he must appoint someone anyway . 
  and the point being that the official senate vote and consultation being a traditional mechanism is upheld not because that 's how it must be done , but because that 's how it always has been done . 
  in those cases , what stands between a president in the us getting away with undermining the system where possible is a permissive congress and judiciary . 
  so really the fact that the us political system is so polarised kind of forces presidents into the middle rather than allowing them to be truly extremist . 
  i do think turkey is trying to become an islamic autocracy . 
  but the reasons why it is heading in that direction are n't found in the proposed constitutional changes . 
  they are found in the body politic that would allow it to happen . 
  there are plenty of other good examples in history of this same phenomenon occurring . 
  i agree that erdogan should not be empowered to seize more control over turkish government or institutions . 
  but the point of the article is that changing the model of turkish democracy from a parliamentary system to a presidential system per se will destroy it . 
  and ironically , the author does n't even really comment on how us checks and balances work . 
  and i agree that erdogan is dismantling any control on his power . 
  i was just pointing out that the change to the model in itself is not the thing that is ultimately undermining democracy , but the fundamentalist nature of the president and the citizens who vote for him . 
  to me this is like blaming trump on the system rather than on all the people who voted for him . 
  in your example , finally , i do n't think an arbitrary term limit has any relevance . 
  i would support the us to repeal the 22nd amendment to allow a president to serve n-terms provided the fair election process is upheld . 
  i see no reason why 8 years is better than 10 years or 6 years . 
  that is n't the point . 
  i 'm not claiming merkel is illegitimate . 
  the article is saying that because < x  leader can stay in office for < y  years means the system is flawed . 
  i think that 's a very poor conclusion . 
  edit : i also fix the point you raise . 
  i used ` head of state ' when i should use ` head of government ' . 
  actually , if you read the article , you find out that the turkish proposed changes are only * slightly * more empowering to erdogan than the way the us system actually works . 
  some examples :  americans would find that aspect of the change unremarkable . 
  the u.s. president appoints his own cabinet , albeit with the advice and consent of the senate . 
  cabinet secretaries appear before congress by courtesy , cabinet interpellation is not a requirement in the us system either . 
   in practice , of course , the u.s. president is also the head of the party to which he belongs . 
  but in the u.s. system , that does n't give him the authority to pick congressional candidates . 
  that power lies with primary voters , donors and party leaders . 
  except of course for super delegates in the dem parliamentary system . 
  also note that this is n't a firm difference : there is no official us system at political party level . 
  because political parties are considered to be private organisations . 
   that would make it difficult for voters to express dissension at the national level during the president 's term , because there would be no midterm elections . 
  many countries do n't have mid-term elections . 
   in the u.s. presidential system , of course , the executive appoints federal judges and senior federal prosecutors . 
  so erdogan has the same power as a us president . 
  this does not appear to be a material difference ; it 's a cultural difference with regard to ` respect ' for judiciary independence . 
   that would allow erdogan to remain in power until 2029 , when he 'll be 75 . 
  by then he would have been running turkey as prime minister or president for a whopping 26 years . 
  merkel has been chancellor since 2005 . 
  so this is her 12th year . 
  and she is not under any obligation to give up being head of ~ ~ state ~ ~ government . 
  so i do n't see exactly what the problem is . 
  many countries do not have an 8 year office limit as is the case in the us . 
  ***** do n't get me wrong . 
  erdogan is a terrible leader and giving him greater control is a terrible idea . 
  likewise , any move by turkey to leave ataturk 's secularism is bad news . 
  but the real problem is n't the proposed changes -- unless the us system itself is similarly bad .
