  my problem with the turkey deal is that turkey is not a ` safe space ' to return refugees . 
  its record on human rights is atrocious . 
  and its lack of respect for the principles of freedom common in the eu make it unfit for accession . 
  the refugee deal with turkey should never have happened . 
  visa-free travel should never have been authorised , nor any possibility of accelerated accession . 
  the objections of cyprus , an island turkey is occupying , should not have been overruled . 
  all basically a deal with the devil to resolve a political rather than human rights issue . 
   i 'm not responsible for this sub , however you choose to characterize it . 
  have fun burning down your straw man . 
  i never made you responsible for the sub . 
  ironically you defending that idea * actually is * a strawman . 
  my point is that the sub is full of hypocrisy around the brexit issue . 
  have a read through of [ this ] ( http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/the-reaction-to-brexit-is-the-reason-brexit-happened-20160627 ) article in rolling stone . 
  the title ` the reaction to brexit is the reason brexit happened ' captures the thought perfectly . 
  the attitude toward the british voter , and toward the eu has revealed the true values of the eu and the remain campaign . 
  look at all the calls to re-run the referendum . 
  the same people who are by principle defenders of democracy now want to override and bypass it to obtain the result they support . 
  the same people who demanded that immigrants and refugees be stopped from entering europe are criticising the people who just voted to stop refugees and immigrants from being able to enter their country . 
  the same people who demand that the ` voice of the people ' be respected , are blatantly disrespecting the voice of the people . 
  first those people support the eu when the problem is greece , then they reject the eu when the problem is refugees , now they are back supporting the eu when the problem is brexit . 
  and so on . 
  particularly , look at our exchange of comments . 
  we have different views clearly , and we are arguing them . 
  i 'd like to think that they contribute towards a conversation . 
  and yet the mechanism of ` downvote to disagree ' , and to use that to suppress dissenting opinions , is at work . 
  i do n't care about the karma -- but my post should n't be sitting at -10 in a sub who has the values that you are trying to defend . 
  if r/europe were representative of the people of the wider eu , then the reality is that those people do n't really believe in democracy at all . 
  what they value is conformity , and they are willing to ditch their principles to achieve it . 
   big conspiracy against you and your country . 
  every time i see someone trot out the c-word i know it 's an attempt to deflect from criticism and to defend a weak position . 
  i do n't think there is any conspiracy . 
  and my country does n't have anything at all to do with it . 
  many people in many places think the eu is an unequal place , and they think the balance of power and fight for control is harmful . 
  i am defending the 51 % of british voters who voted leave even though i support the eu and think it is a good thing . 
  my problem is that i 'm not willing to pretend that the massive criticism of the eu and its failures pre-brexit did n't happen . 
  i 'm also not happy that there is no compelling counter-narrative to inspire those who remain to stay . 
  the eu is clearly in need of serious reform to make it a more equal place , and to end the zero sum game ( winners and losers ) that has been part of the fundamental nature of eu policy . 
  my problem with your arguments , as the orthodox view , is that your response to criticism of eu policy has been to attack the people who said it rather than the message itself . 
  thus far , there is no reply that proves the real reasons behind the brexit votes wrong . 
   so as you can see , the largest player in the web development community seems to disagree with you . 
  so we 're going to have a pissing contest to see whether the use of ` asset ' is a sanctioned word ? 
  it 's not that i was hopelessly unclear as to what exactly was meant by the use of the word asset . 
  it 's that as a developer , working directly for one of google 's competitors , we do n't use and have never used this kind of generality to describe the result of the client-server interaction . 
  you are more than welcome to use this word , and you were n't being criticised for using it . 
  i was unclear exactly about what you meant , which is why i then described the process myself . 
   why are you explaining things i obviously just explained . 
  my point is not that i disagree with your assessment of the mechanics of how the tracking works . 
  for someone who states that they understand all of the http , tcp/ip and other internet protocols , how do you also end up also concluding that the situation is a bit ` iffy ' ? 
  it is absolutely clear that fb is tracking non-fb users outside of the fb application without their consent . 
   that would not be illegal as you have no expectation of privacy in public ( which is a bit different to this situation ) . 
  i was following on from your example of someone lurking in the bushes . 
  i agree with you that the example using physical people irl is not optimal , and that it has limitations . 
  however , the discussion about the illegality of tracking and expectation of privacy on the web * are * very important topics . 
  even if we were to state that this kind of ` passive ' tracking is not illegal , one of the fundamental principles introduced via ` the right to be forgotten ' is that data held by third parties about people actually belongs to those people . 
  in that sense , were the same law to apply to the real world , it * would * be illegal to stand on the street and record the comings and goings of everyone on the street . 
  there would be an expectation of privacy at some bare level outside of the home . 
   obviously before you come back explaining the obvious , that was just an example , there is really no need to be a prick about things . 
  i understand the point you are making , and it is a very good one . 
  but at the same time , you should understand that just because unencrypted packets can be intercepted at any node both to and from the server does n't mean the idea of user privacy and anti-surveillance is a ` farce ' . 
  the first versions of the internet were both naive and trusting at the same time . 
  remember how old these protocols actually are !, 
  what is happening now is a reaction to what is obviously an inevitable encroachment on freedom by both public and private institutions , which has arisen as a result of how ubiquitous the internet has become . 
  the reason that https , sftp , and the general rise of end-to-end encryption is slowly replacing older unsecured traffic is that people are now very aware that they are being monitored . 
  also aware that their information is vulnerable if steps are n't taken to protect it . 
  ironically at the same time people are more willing than ever to divulge their private details , they also demand a greater expectation of privacy . 
  which means really that what people want is the right to control what their privacy ` setting ' is , and not to have others set it for them . 
  the outcome for fb in belgium really had nothing at all to do with a ruling about privacy , and the setback is likely to be temporary . 
  sooner or later a mandatory data privacy package will be implemented across the eu and make details like where a company has its hq irrelevant . 
  and if the germans are the determinant of institutional procedure ? 
  it 's 8 weeks away . 
  that is a very large couple . 
  though i do n't doubt nothing will happen in that time . 
  schaeuble wants to downgrade the ec , and establish a new independent budget and deficit body to enforce eu rules about budgets and deficits . 
  what 's actually looking to do would be to eliminate anyone having any wiggle room about being compliant . 
  aka ` france being france ' . 
  also on the docket is eu army , a very contentious issue . 
  likely not to be universally supported . 
  point being that these are what germans are proposing , not plan that all nations have produced as a result of discussion . 
  september may honestly be too late for such an initial meeting , as voters in many places may become disillusioned if situation between uk and eu worsens without a believable alternative . 
  it 's ironic is that the vast majority of the non-performing loans that are threatening 600 italian banks were all issued during draghi 's time as governor of the bank of italy . 
  now to be fair , this problem is n't an issue with italy per se , but it 's request not to resort to the newly agreed ` bail-in ' rules . 
  personally , i find the idea of a bail-in repulsive . 
  it 's like making customers responsible for the state of the business they are patronising . 
  they do n't make those decisions that led to bankruptcy . 
  i would like to see the ecb actively stabilise banking systems facing collapse without resorting to bailouts via sovereign government , or to bail-ins leveraging depositor assets . 
  a safe space like turkey . 
  i do n't mind the dante quote -- it 's nice to see a little culture from time to time !, 
  i myself was trying to point out that there does n't appear to be any coherent alternative vision for the future of the eu . 
  granted it has only been a week . 
  but at the same time , i would like to have seen some kind of conclave held not to just figure out how to handle the british negotiations , but to address the failure of the eu system that led to the vote . 
  there should be a hashing out of a new plan for europe that will be convincing to the parts of the eu that are still there , but facing their own uprisings . 
  you speak about ` populism ' , but that term i think has been thrown around so much that i 'm not sure it has meaning any more . 
  populism right now is used to dismiss those who disagree with a certain narrative . 
  in this context , it means those who make statements critical of eu modus operandi and balance of power . 
  and it does this by deflecting without actually rejecting the subject matter . 
  those people who are saying ` let 's stop germany ' or ` the eu is just an extension of germany ' are making a claim that implies the balance of power in europe means everyone is forced to accept the policy the germans create . 
  ironically , there are instances of that repeatedly in the recent past . 
  in fact , are you aware the germans vetoed italy 's plan to protect its banking system yesterday ? 
  right now the only approved plan to deal with the massive banking system crisis is to use emergency liquidity if there is a bankrun on solvent banks , and to force a bail-in of junior creditors before any assistance can be requested . 
  or in other words to wait until a full-blown crisis occurs , a bankrun happens , and capital controls are required to keep junior creditors from moving their money out of the banks to escape the haircut .
