  if you do n't want to vote and have your voice heard , then do n't . 
  but you 're only helping those who wish to secede . 
  your vote counts just as much as any other catalan . 
  it is that easy . 
  they want a divorce and they 're hardly the only people of spain unhappy with the string of spanish govts and their actions . 
  the only view that is required is the democratic will not to stay in spain . 
  well they succeeded in getting almost every newspaper in europe to stop printing the cartoons . 
  because fear . 
  that was a major victory for them . 
  the constitution is irrelevant . 
  the catalans are deciding whether or not they wish to be a part of spain . 
  the views of the rest of spain and its laws are not required . 
  if your wife says she wants a divorce , you do n't force her to stay until you agree . 
  the terms ` voluntary association ' and ` consent of the governed ' beg to differ . 
  i thought you might say that about whataboutery . 
  it 's not whataboutery . 
  whataboutery is an attempt to defend one action by bringing up another action . 
  it is to suggest the proper response to one is in some way dependent upon the other . 
  this is not the argument i 'm making . 
  i 'm not saying the russian govt should be ` let off the hook ' because other states are unchallenged about their actions . 
  that 's kind of a shallow view of my argument . 
  what i 'm arguing is that there is no such thing as accountability , or morality in geopolitics . 
  i 'm arguing that states act in their own interests at a level where there are no values other than a ) winning ; and b ) not alienating people you might need to ally with . 
  to specifically show that , consider that there is no ` objective ' list of actions that determine the need to sanction and no commitment by individual states to enforce it if there were . 
  look at the list of states i put forward earlier . 
  who is going to sanction them , though they all absolutely deserve it ? 
  * the us is n't going to sanction china for fear of a trade war or reprisal via some dependency on china the us has . 
  * the us is n't going to sanction s.a. because it wants more than just israel in the me as an ally . 
  and it wants someone who it thinks can ` handle ' iran . 
  * the eu states are n't going to sanction the us or china for fear of upsetting their economies as a consequence . 
  in fact , the eu is n't going to sanction anyone that the us has n't already agreed to sanction . 
  from what i can see , willingness to sanction russia in the eu is dependent upon the need for russian gas by eu states . 
  so all of these states , especially the eu in this context , are willing consequently to turn a blind eye to objectively bad behaviour and violations of whatever we might think of as conventions of modern civilisation . 
  where it creates an outcome that either hurts them to do it , or alienates someone whom they want to be allies with , in other words , there is no possibility of even basic accountability . 
  i truly admire your view that leaders in your country and thus your state itself must uphold some principles like ` liberte , fraternite , egalite ' . 
  but politics on the world stage are n't run this way . 
  it 's not about principles ; it 's about risk/reward and the status quo . 
  it 's about existing alliances and maintaining relationships , and about your team versus their team . 
  it 's clear that in this sub ( and in the eu ) , right now both the uk and russia ( and sometimes greece ) are the outgroup , but for different reasons . 
  and the diplomatic channels are all about battles for leverage , not enforcing values . 
  because it 's hard to claim you have values when you either are doing the thing you 're criticising , or are afraid to stand up to the people doing it . 
  i have no personal problem with the way things work in the real world , by the way . 
  i just have a problem when people try to claim it works differently than it does , or play into someone 's faux morality . 
  i can understand your point , we have the basis for discussion . 
  we just view things in a very different way . 
  what you call a ` broad brush ' , i like to think of as both objective and geopolitically amoral . 
  by that latter point , i do n't think i owe any govt ( even western govts ) some obligation to overlook their actions and focus elsewhere . 
  for example :  the russian government and the western governments and treat them as morally equal . 
  for me morality does n't come into it . 
  not even really legitimacy . 
  because on a geopolitical level , morality does n't exist ; and of course legitimacy is in the eye of the beholder . 
  in this discussion i can make that clear by talking about sanctions . 
  right now the russians are being sanctioned for their misdeeds in crimea . 
  and i 've said earlier that they should n't have invaded even if we can understand their reasoning . 
  but the list of states that deserve to be sanctioned for bad behaviour is actually longer . 
  for example : * saudi arabia + pakistan --  for their sponsoring of terror and 9/11 * china --  for their espionage and cyber attacks , plus gross environmental pollution and human rights abuses , including taiwan * israel --  for war crimes and human rights abuses in palestine * usa --  for global privacy violations , for ` rendition ' , for torture , guantanamo , for the iraq war 2.0 and lying to the un , and/or the long history of toppling disagreeable but democratically elected govts ( ex . 
  s. america ) i could probably add some other states ( ex . 
  uk ) to that list as well . 
  point being it 's entirely arbitrary who gets sanctioned and why . 
  and it 's not territorial or moral issues that prompt sanctions . 
  it 's ideology and politics . 
  that 's the kind of bias i am talking about . 
  why should we look at russia and overlook all the bad things other states , some of whom are ` good guys ' , are doing ? 
  i 'm no fan of russia -- but i 'm also no fan of the pot calling the kettle black either . 
   russia is a dictatorship . 
  like every illegitimate dictatorship they 're afraid of their own people and of losing power . 
  like hungary , turkey , and lately poland . 
  but the legitimacy of the govt really is n't in question , even if we do n't like how putin behaves towards his critics . 
  there is massive support for the administration in russia by the russian people ( who are increasingly nationalist ) , and of course having a govt we do n't like does n't provide the luxury to ignore them . 
   the maidan movement especially showed them how fragile their power really is . 
  the maidan happened in ukraine and was against the ukrainian govt . 
   the war against the western world only serves the purpose of deceiving the russian people into thinking that the west is to blame for everything wrong in russia . 
  i do n't think they have this opinion . 
  i think they have legitimate grievances against the west -- parking missiles and troops at their borders is a massive one , and the economic sanctions being another . 
  do you expect regular russians to side with the people who are causing food shortages and destroying the ruble ? 
  by the way we might have made the same argument about the sanctions against iraq -- which served no purpose but to impoverish the regular people of iraq for a decade or more . 
   the economy is in a downward spiral , corruption is literally everywhere , the russians have every right to be upset - and the regime is doing the best they can to direct all of that westwards . 
  the economy is in a downward spiral because of sanctions , and the blame for that is rightly directed westward . 
  the govt did n't sanction itself . 
  now you might believe the sanctions are justified , but likely regular russians do not . 
  at issue here is the fact that even you are incapable of seeing this from a russian perspective . 
  you do n't get that perhaps russians see nato as a belligerent -- because it 's taken for granted that russia is a belligerent who must be kept in check . 
  it 's likely russians do n't look at their country that way . 
  it 's weird to be honest being in a position to have to tacitly defend putin . 
  the country * is * corrupt . 
  it did annex part of a neighbouring state . 
  it does attempt to use its might to put diplomatic pressure against its neighbours so as to create a ` sphere of influence ' . 
  and its views on foreign policy clash with america , though that may not be a bad thing . 
  but my point is that geopolitically states behave in a way they can get away with , and in their own interests . 
  and there 's no reason to have expectations of the russians that are n't there for the americans or chinese . 
  or to participate in propaganda -- this russia is n't the ussr . 
  and it sees increasing threats to its territory and interests . 
  thus i do n't see why anybody should back one side or another , or worse turn a blind eye to the ` good guys ' and their dark deeds . 
  there 's a very apparent ` russia is the bad guy and everything it does is evil ' propaganda that keeps people from making comparisons objectively . 
  the us has been running this since the cold war without break . 
   they had just renewed the lease in 2010 , granting them ownership of the base until 2042 this is irrelevant . 
  if ukraine joins the eu , and eventually nato , they have the capacity to eject the russians without russian agreement or not . 
  states do what they want . 
  there is a rich history of this happening ( south america particularly ) and moves in recent memory ( okinawa and the phillipines ) by some to eject foreign militaries from sov states even though they had an agreement . 
  and in any case , the russians felt threatened .
