  this is what varoufakis is complaining about and he 's right to do it . 
  the euro ( the currency ) is n't killing greece . 
  the structural imbalances and the policies driving them of the eu are killing greece . 
  and it is uncontroversial that introducing drachma would immediately result in its hyperinflation . 
  likewise bad money ( drachma ) would drive out the good ( euros ) in greece . 
  you do realise that getting rid of greece will not bring about or force any change in the eu ? 
  at the same time , greece will have very serious suffering on its own trying to manage a likely hyperinflated currency . 
  if greece leaves the euro it will not be because greece failed , it will be because the euro ( and those in control of it ) failed . 
  it will be an indictment of the centrist ability to solve problems and a criticism of the eu and the value it really offers . 
  you have to be trolling . 
  are you aware that good money drives out the bad ? 
  your idea of ` release them from their suffering ' has no meaning . 
  either we fix the issue in greece or kick them out . 
  conversely i think the eu is as to blame for the situation n greece . 
  and we have a responsibility , if the eu actually means anything , to fix it . 
  if not , we should give up on the project . 
  so you 're anti-eu ? 
  not to help greece but to break the eu ? 
  why ca n't we help greece then break the eu ? 
  you 're implying the only choice is to put greece down like a dog . 
  we could just step in and fix it . 
  not according to the treaties . 
  article 50 is voluntary . 
  the only way an eu member could be kicked out is if article 7 was used to remove their voting rights , and following it a new treaty article was made giving powers to kick out members was ratified . 
  to me , that we are behaving as if money were scarce is crazy . 
  we have a central bank with the capacity to create and destroy money at will alongside an unprecedented state insolvency . 
  we need a debt intervention not just in greece but across the eu , and that part of a wider series of structural changes to level inequalities in trade and other market conditions . 
  this is what a ` federalisation ' would achieve , but without ceding sovereignty . 
  if it were desirable for membership in the eu to be conditional , or revocable , they would have put into the treaties clauses to that effect . 
  currently , the only way out is voluntary . 
  that 's the promise of unconditional membership . 
   do you believe greek and uk eu membership is entirely for their benefit at everyone else 's expense ? 
  i do n't have a country vs country view of the eu . 
  that we should be behaving in the way we are toward each other is something to be fixed not accepted . 
  they will suffer outside the european union even if they have total control using the drachma . 
  and the european union will suffer without greece because the promise of unconditional membership and cooperation is undermined . 
  the uk deciding to leave the eu in that sense is nothing like greece being forced out . 
  the claim of ` anglocentric ' is wildly off base . 
  it 's not a choice between criticising germany or criticising greece . 
  we can do both ; criticising each for the things they are doing . 
  what you want to do is basically dress up a demand for moral penitence in economic clothes . 
  it 's only after you feel like the greeks have suffered enough ( however long that is ) you would find a magical way to deal with their economic problems . 
  because on the matter of economics , the ` insolvency ' of greece means there is nothing at all they can do to overcome it . 
  whether or not greece returns ( ever ) to solvency is in fact in the hands of the eu and in particular germany . 
  and the longer there is a political reluctance to help , the more likely it is that the political system in greece will tilt toward withdrawal from negotiation and/or compliance with the eu and the programme . 
  i mean for the first time , greeks indicated in a poll that using the euro might not be a good thing . 
  but that 's not a problem for you , because you want them out . 
  what you do n't get is that once the first state in the eu is forced out for economic reasons , the precedent is set for conditional eu membership . 
  everybody gets that message . 
  the situation between greece and the eu is unprecedented ; the intransigence on finding a viable way to solve it is one of the things driving the rise of extremist politics . 
  the economist disagrees with your assessment on use of a trade surplus as a manipulation . 
  germans have , according to the article 3 or 4 points , while the swiss have 8 or 9 . 
  the german points arise from their  6 % surplus ( approaching 9 % ) and their trade [ surplus ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/a143878a-fea9-11e6-96f8-3700c5664d30 ) . 
  ft notes their surplus as :  overall , germany posted a 2016 trade surplus with the rest of the world of $ 253bn , breaking the previous year 's record . 
   such policies would only go so far towards righting germany 's imbalances with the rest of the world , given that the country 's fiscal surplus is less than a tenth of the trade surplus . 
  german surpluses in both current account and trade drive deficits in its creditor states . 
  those weaken the euro . 
  that is independent of draghi 's monetary policy , and indeed draghi has expressed concerns about the germans himself ( in the article ) . 
  now i agree that other countries have both current and trade surpluses . 
  but none of them have the voice in setting policy that germany does . 
  it 's clear that where germany leads , the eurozone goes . 
  and it is the german fiscal policy ( deficits are bad , savings are good ) this is being emulated all over the eu . 
   citing currency manipulation as the problem plays down the real problem of lost competitiveness . 
  greek competitiveness is not going to return unless two things happen : a ) greece has money to invest to help sponsor growth in enterprise , and b ) there is sufficient domestic demand . 
  austerity deprives greece and other states of these two items explicitly . 
  the problem is political . 
  german opposition politicians are making the same argument that you are , among others . 
  so an agreement to move in this direction by the german govt is an endorsement of the views of their opponents , which undermines the validity of the decisions of the current govt coalition . 
  i think you are confusing monetary policy and fiscal policy . 
  the ecb sets monetary policy for the eu , and all central banks are subservient to it . 
  the cbg no more sets monetary policy for the euro than our central bank does . 
  likewise , the setting of fiscal policy is done by individual states in terms of their budgets , and through their finance ministry in terms of eu-level agreements . 
  in this context like the deal with greece . 
  the cbg has no role in making deals with other states or in interpreting how certain treaties are utilised . 
  if you 're talking about the value of the euro on the market , the germans manipulate this through their massive budget surplus , which suppress demand in ` debtor ' states . 
  suppressed demand weakens the euro in relation to other currencies . 
  this subsequently also benefits the german export machine . 
  i have flair , and it 's not uk . 
  and we covered your objection :  you ca n't compare one state in a currency union with several other states with another nation that prints its own currency . 
  it does n't matter how many states use the euro . 
  germans are the ones who set the policy of the eu which sets the policy for all eu states . 
  an assumption that germans are behind eu policy is one that both i and the economist share . 
  i 'm not arguing that the economist does n't have biases . 
  but in this case if you want to reject the claim for german manipulation of the euro , you need to object to the definition of what a currency manipulator is in the article . 
  because within that definition , the germans are being objectively evaluated . 
  i mean the article itself has nothing to do with germany or switzerland per se , they were just results produced by the methodology . 
  to ignore that using a claim of bias is really flimsy . 
  i 'm not comparing germany to switzerland . 
  the economist was n't either . 
  the currency relationship between germany and switzerland only derives from the latter once pegging its currency against the currency of the former , which now is not even the case . 
  the swiss are clearly spoken of as being manipulators based on their own use of the chf and their budgetary profile . 
  likewise , to argue that ` it 's a eu ( shared ) currency ' problem is to assert that germans do n't set the policy . 
  granted we ` know ' that in a technical way , yes indeed the eu itself sets policy . 
  but in a realpolitik way , we also know that german policy is proxy for eu policy . 
  there is no divergence between the german position and the eu position on really anything . 
  nothing happens at a eurogroup or ec level without explicit german consent . 
  so my claim is really that the germans are manipulating the euro for their own benefit , and that 's the claim that the economist also endorses . 
  well if we want to talk about the value of the euro , and the idea of devaluing wealth or currency , the people we ought to be looking at are the germans . 
  other day the economist wrote a piece about [ the claim that china is a currency manipulator ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/finance-and-economics/21717997-government-has-been-pushing-price-yuan-up-not-down-china-and ) made by trump . 
  and in the piece it developed a scoring system to evaluate who is , and is not , a currency manipulator .
