  where is the vision of the future , and how precisely the ` greatest political project of the last few hundred years ' is going to solve the problems it faces ? 
  we face a situation now in which the power structure of the eu has proven not only to be ineffective , but also fractured and incoherent . 
  nobody can decide how to fix it , and it in turn ca n't figure out how to solve the problems it is encountering . 
  a stagnating eu economy is purely symbolic of a stagnating eu body politic . 
  and you can get as angry as you like with british voters , but they did n't create that situation . 
  they are just not sticking around while the eu does nothing to solve it , and we all get several more years of squabbling and ` extend and pretend ' . 
  the blame for this situation lays squarely with brussels . 
  there would never have been room for the growth of nationalists and far-right politics in orthodox politics in the eu had n't created it . 
  the more crises the eu muddled , the more insane statements from fringe politicians started to seem sane . 
  now whose problem is that ? 
   eu parliament - i 'm proud of you . 
  now i 'm looking forward to see an action follow these words . 
  there is nothing they can do . 
  the eu and the ep can not compel the british to notify on any specific schedule . 
  this is a non-binding resolution . 
  it means absolutely nothing other than the ep wants the uk to do something . 
  ironically , it also points out the fact that the ep can not even draft actual binding legislation . 
  that task is left to the ec . 
  so the parliament that ca n't even write its own laws is trying to enforce something against the nation that can , even though it has no power under any law to do so . 
  at this point , i think there should be a mandatory moratorium on brexit , brexit-related media , actions by ministers or officials with regard to brexit , and all acts of institutions throughout the eu in response to brexit . 
  for at least a month . 
  preferably at least 3 months . 
  people need to calm the fuck down . 
   but the reasons why the things suck has nothing to do with eu membership . 
  which is why it 's stupid . 
  do n't try to shift the goalposts now . 
  i have taken the position that brexit voters had reasons for doing the things they did , reasons i think are valid . 
  and i point them out . 
  you started with the point that they voted brexit because they 're stupid -- likely because farage and the leave campaign lied to them and they bought it . 
  now you 're talking about the problems deriving from the uk , and the eu having nothing at all to do with it . 
  that 's just another slight variation on the ` stupid ' voter theme -- as if these people ca n't figure out what parts of their problems come from the eu , and what parts come from the uk . 
  at the same time , you then make this statement :  or take an aspirin ( which is engaging in real deliberation and advocating real and positive solutions ) . 
  which acknowledges that there * were * in fact real problems . 
  it 's just that the uk apparently did n't engage in a process to solve them . 
  like when the uk went to the eu to negotiate changes to issues it had with the eu , and was given nothing but token conciliatory changes that utterly failed to address its misgivings . 
  is that the ` aspirin ' you mention ? 
  or were they just meant to swallow the hardline the eu took with them ? 
   the very real crises we are faced with at this point in history , are impossible to solve within the confines of national borders . 
  the very real crises [ the eu ] are faced with at this point in history are impossible * also * to solve within the confines of the eu . 
  in fact , they still remain . 
  it 's taken an open revolt to get a ` solution ' for the immigration crises , even though that ` solution ' contained a deal with the devil and is widely being rejected by human rights organisations . 
  greece is still fucked ... 
  even the imf have condemned that ` solution ' . 
   that 's patriotic nonsense , that , at the end of the day , will be proven wrong . 
  funny hearing an irishman be accused of english nationalism . 
  i 'm not a unionist even slightly . 
  you just can not accept that anybody would reject the eu approach to ( not ) solving problems . 
  ironically , you accuse me of the very thing that you 're doing : which is being illogically patriotic , for the eu . 
   the only positive thing about this travesty is that it 's a wake-up call if there is anything it is not , it 's a wake up call . 
  everybody focused on all the wrong things : either the ` stupidity ' of the british voters , or the value of the # . 
  the sub is drowning in posts from people saying it 's the wrong result , they should run it again , the world is going to end , britain is going fall apart , etc etc. 
  it 's like the entire history of the eu pre-brexit ceased to exist . 
  when everyone should be asking ` how did this happen , and what did we do to create this outcome ' , now nobody is . 
  like every catastrophe before it , the eu is now going blunder right into the next , and like every one before it , be totally surprised that it happened . 
   yes , the leave voters are stupid . 
  and you yourself have said that they did n't vote leave because of the eu , but because things are n't rosy for them . 
  you might call that arrogant , but that 's just your political opinion . 
  being incapable of understanding why other people do the things they do , or of considering their point of view , is pretty much arrogance . 
  it 's ironic that you treat people who disagree with you as ` stupid ' while expecting them to continue a relationship with you . 
   `` standing up to the eu '' , as you put it , accomplishes nothing whatsoever . 
  according to you , the counterargument is * also * that voting to remain would have done the same thing : accomplish nothing . 
  you 're not selling a future in the eu that is better than that outside it , you 're selling a future that is no better than conditions now . 
  in that sense , fear of an unknown negative outcome is * always * better than accepting one that is certain . 
  even if british voters did the right thing for the wrong reasons , at least they now have a chance to decide their own fate . 
   which makes attempting to blow up the european project ( the wet dream of a lot of these leavers ) , again , stupid . 
  the uk did n't blow up the eu project . 
  the eu blew it up . 
  incrementally , through neglect , through ineptitude , through naked self-interest , and in lacking a real and viable vision of the future . 
   `` we had a headache , so we shot ourselves in the foot . 
  `` now we ca n't walk , and we still have a headache . '', 
  why do we even bother having democracy ? 
  if every single decision is made according to its effect on the market , and in the value of the # , why does democratic will even matter ? 
  uk voters , not without reason , have rejected the balance of power as it currently stands . 
  when they made the decision , they * did n't consult the markets * , and now it 's the apparent end of the world . 
  pullman is wrong . 
  even gilded chains are chains . 
  what we are seeing now is a glimpse of what is real , and not this elaborate fantasy people actually prefer to reality . 
  the uk is now free to chart its own course , and not to maintain the petty illusion for a system that is barely keeping its head above water , on a host of issues . 
  if what you are saying is true : ` none of these can be solved with the eu or some other kind of european cooperation ' , why should uk voters ( or any voters anywhere ) wait for a decade or two while the eu tries to figure out how to structure itself to meet its needs ? 
  i could support a more federal eu , but not as it is currently structured and in its ` scope and power ' . 
   i do not think the sentiment that regulations from london are inherently better than regulations from brussels is necessarily true . 
  in absolute terms , you are probably correct . 
  but in relative terms , if the uk voter does n't like something westminster did , it can call an election . 
  if a uk voter does n't like something schauble or merkel decided , they do n't have a lot of say in the matter . 
  while technically , everyone knows that a state ca n't be officially coerced into anything , in reality they can be , through the use of internal leverage . 
   the eu is built upon consent and all major decisions are being made in consent . 
  take the negotiations with greece where germany could have never taken its position without being backed by northern and eastern europe . 
  this is like the official statement ^ tm , while the reality is very different . 
  read accounts of what happens at eurogroup meetings . 
  since you bring up greece -- greece is the perfect example . 
  everyone , including the imf , is saying that not only was the wrong approach taken by the troika , but , that greece needs debt relief immediately . 
  and who keeps shooting it down ? 
  germany . 
  did we get debt relief as a result of the conclusion of the programme review ? 
  we got another ` extend and pretend . ', 
  the germans got it pushed back until 2018 , ( coincidentally ) until after the next german federal election . 
  so suffering in greece continues until it is more politically expedient in berlin . 
   in the end the ultimate goal always is to have a solution that everyone can work with . 
  all i can say about this and the paragraph that follows is that if this is how you really feel , and it is representative of how the eu feels , it is no surprise that the uk left . 
  and others that will follow .
