  yada yada . 
  but what all of this comes down to is whether or not one thinks mass surveillance is justified . 
  for me personally , i believe in the right to privacy and the freedom of speech without undue intrusion . 
  i believe no govt has any right to be monitoring , intercepting , or storing my communications unless it can has a specific reason to do so . 
  and by specific reason , i mean a cause to think that i might have committed a crime or am preparing to . 
  that 's it . 
  and there are perfectly legitimate processes that authorities can go through to seek from a judge a warrant to surveil individuals and to obtain their data and coms . 
  there is absolutely zero need to conduct blind mass surveillance and to intercept and store ( even metadata ) the communications of everybody , whether they are suspected of criminal acts or not . 
  es is hero because he gave regular people the ability to know what the us govt ( and other govts ) was doing , and he did so at great personal cost . 
  he gave citizens and advocacy groups standing to sue the us govt and challenge the legality of mass surveillance in us courts , something that was not possible before . 
  and he started a meaningful conversation about the way technology and the law interact . 
  without him the us authorities would continue to use powers they granted themselves to increasingly encroach on both public and private spaces . 
  they would without challenge continue to make orwell 's future dystopia a reality . 
  thus this argument about treason is pointless . 
  he 's been charged with espionage ( which carries the death penalty btw ) , for an act that the rest of the world considers to be a political crime because of the acts it exposed . 
  you can try and play the patriot and duty cards if you want , but the bottom line is that condemning snowden is tacit endorsement of mass surveillance . 
  you can stretch as far as you want , but you 're being unrealistic . 
  there 's a reason the obama admin filed espionage charges and not treason charges . 
  likewise , note the us is * not * in a conflict with russia . 
  we might be foreign policy enemies , and russia might be the auld enemy of the us , but there is not an active conflict in any sense of it . 
  finally , valerie plame was actually working as a cia operations officer and bj&a was a cover . 
  snowden was actually working for bah and not the nsa , as he quit the latter to work for the former . 
   but you bet your butt they 're after him for treason . 
  he ran off to russia to let out sensitive information he had stolen from the nsa 's servers . 
  treason is a very specific offense with a specific definition . 
  what snowden did does not qualify as treason . 
  this is it :  shall consist only in levying war against [ the us ] , or in adhering to their enemies , giving them aid and comfort you have to really stretch to try treason as opposed to espionage which is much closer . 
   he was an employee at nsa . 
  no , we an employee of booze hamilton , an nsa contractor . 
  but who he worked for is irrelevant with regard to whether or not it was a political crime . 
  just to clarify : * it 's espionage snowden is potentially wanted for , not treason . 
  these are different offenses . 
  * chelsea manning was convicted in a military court under ucmj , of espionage . 
  snowden would stand trial in a civilian court . 
  * snowden will argue his acts were a political crime -- done to show the egregious violation of citizen 's rights by the state . 
  a person can not be extradited for political crime . 
  * it goes in snowden 's favour that the regime under which mass surveillance is happening has been unchallengeable in courts , as no one had standing and the decisions related to it were held as state secrets . 
  it 's hard not to consider illegal acts as legitimate dissent when there are no legal means to dissent . 
  the real problem for both the us and for snowden , as was the problem for manning , is that the us will not allow their systems that conduct mass surveillance or the legal basis for it to be challenged . 
  manning was banned by the mil . 
  court from claiming the acts that he saw were illegal and introduced a duty to act . 
  the case then came down to whether she did or did not release the documents . 
  they will do the same to es if they can . 
  thus , i would argue that until the us is willing to allow their own mass surveillance and secret court system to be challenged by an open federal court , and/or scotus , then snowden 's crime is political and thus non-extraditable . 
  yes , but it was specifically a german objection ( to enforce the rules ) that prevented any latitude being given to the italians in how they define a bailout . 
  the rules themselves , which the germans proposed as a solution , are economically stupid . 
  at what point is it ever okay to steal from depositors , even if their money is n't insured ? 
  do depositors get to decide what decisions bankers make at the bank ? 
  i just figured that the massive problem of plastics floating around in the ocean could be harnessed to do something productive . 
  i thought houses might be something we could mould into a durable shape . 
  but i 'm not a materials engineer . 
  i do software , so i do n't know . 
  they have 2bn in npl that are threatening insolvency . 
  they ca n't get any help unless they first bail in the bank 's institutional investors , who disproportionately public service investors like pension funds . 
  the more dangerous the crisis , or the more damage it does , the more it will seem like m5s are offering a reasonable response . 
  it is essentially a debtor/creditor standoff for several reasons . 
  we 'll use germany for an example . 
  if the germans are running a high current account and trade surplus , it means they are n't spending of buying . 
  they 're selling and saving . 
  this forces their partners into debt . 
  logically if someone is n't buying , someone else is n't selling . 
  and the people who most need to have their products bought are the people with a debt to be paid off . 
  as economic conditions worsen , creditors fight harder to get their money . 
  they do more to intervene in how debtors can spend the money they have . 
  it 's not an accident that 90 % of greek loan money was merely a passthrough in greece and went straight back to greek creditors . 
  greeks were desperate to get some growth going and could have spent the money on demand stimulus , but could n't . 
  where i think we disagree is in your view of chronic economic mismanagement . 
  sure i would agree with some reckless spending and reckless borrowing by member states . 
  but there are two things to note : debt is irrelevant when cash is n't scarce , and cash is n't scarce when there are n't systemic imbalances . 
  in particular , the germans would never accept the idea that their economic policy helped cause the imbalances that drove their neighbours into debt . 
  if there is a moral hazard to prevent or a penitence that needs to be had for political leadership , it should n't have the consequence of making imbalances and weak growth permanent . 
  what is particularly worrying is that voters affected by these choices will use a system that is not economically dependent to remedy economic problems . 
  the question that the eu and german centrists need to answer is whether they want to deal with an economic or political problem . 
  it is likely the cheaper option to create a new economic paradigm and hit the ` reset ' button than it is to watch politics break the union in an uncontrolled way . 
  but that 's my $ .02 . 
  it also seems to me that the centre does not yet view the rightist extreme as a real threat , which is likely a dangerous oversight . 
  what about all the millions of tons of recycled plastic we have everywhere ? 
  could n't we build modular homes out of it ? 
  i 'm not sure you both are arguing with the same definition of austerity , which means you might be arguing past each other . 
  austerity is a forced current account deficit limit , and/or a balanced budget , regardless of economic climate . 
  it is pro-cyclical and anti-keynesian in the sense that during downturns when govts ought to be going into debt to counteract contraction , they ca n't very effectively . 
  in fact it presupposes a contraction as a solution during a period of contraction . 
  a true keynesian solution would instead be automatic controls the ramp down spending during a boom and use those savings during a recession . 
  but we know keynesian stuff almost never works irl because it is politically unpopular and require a discipline few have . 
  however , it is true to say that austerity is seen in places where it hurt the economy as a tool of the creditors . 
  from a macroeconomic pov it works to enforce trade and current account surpluses in creditor states at the price of contraction in debtor states . 
  this is why growth is at near zero even though the ecb is buying every bond in sight . 
  it also seems to reinforce a german morality around savings that few other states can afford because they do n't have german export industries to run an economic model around . 
  industries may i add which benefit from the weak euro and trade/current surpluses . 
  if the euro is to continue , a wiping of the sleight needs to happen as well as a policy that governs budgets in all states and which would prevent any imbalances . 
  but i do n't see there being much political will for it , which is why eurosceptic parties are growing into the space the centre 's intransigence is providing . 
  the banks . 
  the germans are blocking the italians from saving their banks , and the italian banking system is on the verge of collapse . 
  if renzi loses and 5 star takes power , the eu is in trouble . 
  it is still likely to end up in the ecj regardless of whether the ep voted to refer the matter directly . 
  i do n't have any other sources or information about this . 
  what we are really talking about is whether or not being technically able to do something invalidates the idea that a country has been excluded . 
  we could in that sense both be right : being asked or able to join might be contextually meaningless as it would force a country to work against its own interests . 
  in that case it would n't matter to me given the larger point that the failed tpp initiative is due to a backlash against globalisation , which is fundamentally dangerous to china anyway . 
  [ china was invited to join the tpp by hillary clinton in 2012 ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2015/10/china-and-the-trans-pacific-partnership/ ) .
