  but after a while , particularly after most countries abandoned the gold standard , commercial banks wanted in on the investment action too , and that partition came down . 
  in my honest opinion , i truly believe that both the bail-in , and the bail-out , are absolutely wrong , but for different reasons . 
  in the former , the bank should not ever steal from its customers , and its customers should not be on the hook for the bank 's mistakes . 
  customers do n't determine bank policy or make bank decisions , yet they are responsible for the consequences . 
  in the latter , taxpayers are similarly being asked to shoulder the burden for decisions that the bank made , which they had no control over either . 
  a better solution is a solution that does n't require anyone to take loans , or to lose their money . 
  or to pay for things they did n't agree to pay for . 
  i ca n't understand why , when a problem is systemic , the ecb does n't step in * directly * , recapitalise failing banks with ecb funds , and take on non-performing instruments onto its balance sheet , to be then sold on the market to recover what costs can be . 
  the ecb has a direct mandate to protect the access to target2 for banks in the eu , as well as to protect banking stability for europeans . 
  how any country can be allowed to fall into systemic crisis and these two not to be triggered as consequences i really do n't see . 
  on the other hand , in cases where it 's one or a few banks , then really the ecb ought to allow everyone to transfer their money out of the institutions , provide cash if people want to cash out , to a certain limit i suppose , and then allow for those institutions to be wound down . 
  as would be normal for a bankrupt business -- with a little added protection for depositors . 
  i think that actually , the only reluctance the ecb has is entirely moral , based on some ` moral hazard ' argument that it will encourage reckless lending . 
  but actually , without this solution , it seems like banks and economies in some states will never actually be free of decisions that have already been made . 
  which means lurching from one crisis to another solely due to inadequate policy response . 
  it 's not the banks that are going to suffer . 
  it 's their customers . 
  the ` bail-in ' process means the banks are empowered to steal from their customers first before they can ask for help . 
  is anyone thinking about what affect a large-scale bail in of 600 banks in a depressed economy is going to have ? 
  or the bankruns that will happen when it 's announced ? 
  or the required capital controls ? 
  cyprus was an amuse bouche compared to this . 
  and it 's likely that the eu is about to learn the lesson that their * other * ` solution ' wo n't work either . 
  i 'm not laying it at the feet of the eu . 
  it 's not a ` which one is right ' kind of argument . 
  it 's about two different countries , having two different viewpoints , those being irreconcilable in the end . 
  but at the same time , they are deeply entertwined , and the results of severing all ties truly devastating for both . 
  no matter whether or not one side has a more compelling argument than another . 
  have you asked yourself what is the eu prepared to endure because of its choice not to concede anything ? 
  so far it sounds like a lot of bravado , and very little reason . 
  that 's what concerns me . 
  it 's also funny that you characterise the uk as an ` abusive girlfriend ' . 
  consider that they would be saying the exact same thing about the eu . 
   people who live in glass houses should n't throw rocks . 
  all of that applies 10 times worse to the uk . 
  no it does n't . 
  the eu economy barely has its head above water , and has been buffeted by one crisis after another , sometimes repeating crises . 
  you are mistaken if you think that the uk need the eu , but not the other way around . 
   do you want to secede from your country every time they implement a policy that you do n't like ? 
  oh , so everybody should accept an eu decision even when they disagree ? 
  somebody should have told all those countries who closed their borders illegally . 
  or the ones who refused to accept refugees and asylum seekers after being pledged legally to do it . 
  or those countries who refuse to abide by fiscal rules even though they are legally binding on all . 
  you think it 's perfectly okay to discard , disobey , or ignore eu policy when it suits , and in fact you * cheer * it as being just and appropriate , but then have a problem when someone else wo n't play that game ? 
  the hypocrisy that has been displayed by this sub and people defending it is astounding . 
  when the attacks in cologne et al on nye happened , remember your outcry to ban migrants and refugees ? 
  about how they were never ever going to integrate , how they were incompatible with your way of life and values , and how you had a * right * to defend your culture and your practises against anybody who would force you to change ? 
  all of which are * explicitly * arguments made by the people who are now persona non grata in this sub , and the eu . 
  in fact , leave voters are people who carried out , by vote , the * exact * same opinion that this sub wholeheartedly endorsed , day after day . 
  and all of us who challenged you on it , and criticised it as both racist and xenophobic , and inhuman , were ruthlessly downvoted . 
  you seem to be arguing the merits of staying in an eu forcing things on you , putting up with policy you do n't like , being angry , but then spending time whinging about not liking it , rather than doing anything about it . 
  when push comes to shove , to actually refuse to do something about it . 
  it is plain cowardice . 
  guess what ? 
  those leave voters * are * this sub . 
  all you are seeing now is the affect of the messages you endorsed in action . 
  at a minimum you lot could have the decency at least not to try and distance yourselves from your own message . 
  i understand that it means change to the one of the founding freedoms of the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure the uk are well aware of that too . 
  they know what they are asking . 
  what i 'm trying to point out is the ` we wo n't compromise on anything ' language from the eu right now comes with some pretty serious consequences that few people are talking about . 
  the loss of the uk both from contributions to the budget , and more importantly , as trading partners , is going to have a * massive * effect on the eu , and eu countries . 
  to give you an example , the whole of our agricultural industry are terrified right now . 
  [ food and drink sales to the uk are worth over $ 4 billion annually -- half of all beef exports , two-thirds of cheese and a third of drink ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/uk-vote-has-set-the-bomb-ticking-for-irish-farmers-1.2704351 ) . 
  the loss of which will be devastating to our economy as an agricultural nation . 
  and i know for sure that there are plenty of other countries exposed to the uk in sectors other than agriculture . 
  financial services and products are another massive one . 
  so everyone needs to think * very * carefully about how to move forward . 
  this sword is going to cut deep both ways , and it 's very idiotic for any leaders to give ultimatum-like statements . 
  the eu also has a history of making hardline statements which then only help to exacerbate a crisis , and which give very little room for manoeuvre later . 
  see greece for more about that . 
  i 'm not saying the uk will or ought to come away with everything it wants . 
  i 'm saying the bet that the uk need the eu but not the other way around is nothing but pride and ego , which may turn out to be a very costly mistake . 
   the eu is a continental institution and it is [ not ] accustomed to ~ ~ deal with ~ ~ blunder through more than 1 crisis at [ a ] time ftfy . 
  the reason there is always ` crisis after crisis ' is because the eu never actually manages an effective solution . 
  it is the land of ` extend and pretend . ', 
  re : markets and art . 
  50 , we 'll have to see . 
  i 'm objecting to the idea that what is by no means certain is in fact certain . 
  spain 's position is untenable with regard to scotland , and france has no real reason to object . 
  spain is * only * trying to stop the catalonians from having any precedent to use when they look for independence . 
  rajoy is trying to buy time , because he knows if ( when ) scotland have their referendum , there will be enormous eu pressure to accept the scots , considering the eu is broadly supportive of it now , despite the press . 
  there is no way that spain is going to hold out against the ` consensus ' leverage to allow scotland in . 
  in fact , all it will take is someone offering a famous ` assurance ' that catalonia is a different situation , and there is no reason left to object . 
  now as far as the scots are concerned , there is really also no reason to think they are precluded from seeking membership from within the eu . 
  they are clearly the successor state to the uk in the eu after the uk leaves . 
  especially if ni rejoins the roi rather than follow the uk out . 
  since the eu conspicuously declined to offer a legal opinion , reading between the lines it seems that there is at least some merit to the argument that scotland might try in the ecj , and note that french/spanish objections in that sense would be irrelevant . 
  now it might not be at all compelling to the judges , but i assume if it had been an ` open and shut ' query , then the eu would have immediately turned over an opinion to settle the matter . 
  i do n't think you are a little englander ` arsehole ' . 
  and i also support scottish independence . 
  but ... 
  i have been trying very hard to fight the assumptions that people are making which i think are entirely unwarranted . 
  i 'm saying the uk are n't going to trigger article 50 until things have calmed down enough that people are willing to think more rationally . 
  i would expect the uk want the news cycle to have moved on , if for no other reason than the tories and labour want to get their leadership squabbles out of the media , and to make it someone else 's problem . 
  honestly , waiting does nothing but help the uk position . 
  it is inevitable that another eu crisis will occur . 
  in fact , there 's a big one brewing in italy right now , after yesterday the germans vetoed the italian plan to save their banks . 
  most people would consider the italian banking system and italy to be pretty important -- and unless a solution is provided for the problem , all the same problems that got previous coverage , aka ` contagion ' , ` bail-in ' , ` capital controls ' , ` ecb ' , etc are all about to hit the media again . 
  if i were britain all i would do is wait a few months until the situation there goes from bad to worse , and then start negotiating .
