  it could take distressed assets directly onto its balance sheet , pay them off to their lender , and discharge them . 
  it could put money directly into the reserve account of distressed banks so that they could settle transactions , and to pay off those who have banks ' liabilities that are coming due . 
  or for other uses of the bank to secure solvency and lower loan to debt ratio . 
  it could also put money into the account the government keeps at the ecb , or instruct the banks to put money into the accounts they keep for the government . 
  money is not a finite resource any more . 
  there is no reason everybody could n't get paid in a structured way . 
  the only thing preventing such a thing is the idea of moral hazard . 
  and the current treaties . 
  do n't take any of what i 'm going to say personally . 
  americans have a service and customer mentality that is excessively demanding . 
  we do n't have this idea that you can go into a restaurant and tell the server you want the bacon cheeseburger , no onions , no pickles , hold the mayonnaise , add mustard , extra ketchup , sauteed onions instead of red onions . 
  we think this is extremely unreasonable , and we blame burger king for it . 
  in many nicer restaurants , you would never tell the chef what to put on a dish he is preparing for you from his menu . 
  a chef likely sat down and decided what to cook and created that dish . 
  so if you do n't like it , do n't eat it . 
  that is not in respect of food allergies which to a certain extent can be countenanced . 
  you should have expected slower , more leisurely meals , and refills that were neither free nor standard as in america . 
  checks are a similar concept . 
  it is a pain for a server to try and split off all the food , and to make sure all the items are paid for . 
  anything left on a ticket after everyone cashes out , whether mistake or not , might have to be paid by the server . 
  you are an adult , and you can do math . 
  you can add up how much you are responsible for on a ticket , and pay cash or card for it . 
  there is no need for individual tickets , expect where you believe you should n't have to think about it . 
  it 's not about being more social , or having selection bias . 
  it 's about having a different service and dining culture . 
  it is more an experience than a commodity , is how i think of it . 
  how does being repaid all your money plus the coupon scare investors ? 
  the ecb would n't discharge debt , it would honor it . 
  i just think of it as pushing the ` reset ' button . 
  it would n't be unprecedented in history ; but it would be the most fundamental economic event since the marshall plan . 
  and it would take visionaries in power ; not career bureaucrats . 
  you 're welcome to your own viewpoint . 
  but it 's not me you are arguing with . 
  it 's all the finance ministers , economists , market analysts , and finance professionals of the eu . 
  i do n't disagree that greece had put itself in a dire situation , and also had lied about it to everyone , including its own parliament and prime minister . 
  but on the other hand , the solution offered to greece in 2010 was wrong , and not just my opinion on it , but noted to be wrong by the same people who created it . 
  everybody freely admits that they made the wrong decision in greece for the greeks , in order to protect european banks . 
  we should n't pretend that the solution to the crisis in greece did anything but protect people and institutions exposed to greece outside it . 
  in such a situation as you described , when a government is well and truly screwed , the historical action that has happened has been default . 
  and all kinds of bad things happen after a default in the short term -- but they are transient . 
  default allows a government to focus on its own problems , which results in an economic change . 
  either it spends money to repair domestic demand , which then results in growth , which leads to more money that eventually leads to a debt settlement with creditors , or , a devaluated currency makes it products more cheap , its tourism more attractive , and growth happens . 
  then there is a settlement . 
  but eu countries like greece ca n't default , or the ecb would really cut them off , as would the ec , and they would be exposed to all the bad things without any of the benefits . 
  this is what convinced tsipras to capitulate . 
  what then happens is this ` massive correction ' you are talking about that simply cements a long and painful economic contraction or insufficient growth , which affects a generation or two . 
  see spain , portugal , greece , and italy on that . 
  what i do n't support is the idea that money is a finite resource . 
  in our economic model it 's not ; resources do n't constrain it , politics do . 
  if the eu could modify the ` state-aid ' rules , the ecb could step in and fix the debt problem for everyone . 
  and the eu could demand in exchange a set of standardised ` structural reforms ' that would make cooking the books and overspending impossible . 
  a lot of countries that are objecting to such a request now , would likely agree to it if their debt was wiped out or down to a low level . 
  but what 's happening is the request for structural reform , without any movement on debt , and that 's why the economy is faltering as it is now . 
  in practise , governments and politicians are almost never disciplined enough to maintain a keynesian policy . 
  that there would be a good policy that proves impossible to achieve is not something i would disagree with -- though the problem is n't the theory , it 's weakness and lack of vision in leadership . 
  however , the emphasis on ` correcting the balance ' is an ideological choice called ` the black zero ' . 
  it 's not some immediately necessary act . 
  austerity literally takes money out of the economy , at a time when it is most needed ( recession ) . 
  it deprives people who are dependent upon a state of money they need to survive , and it imposes suffering on those who are most vulnerable . 
  it causes economic stagnation , gdp contraction , foments political instability , and contributes to sustained unemployment and lack of economic growth . 
  demand side economics matter . 
  it 's a stupid policy , and it does n't work . 
  if there is out of control borrowing , it 's not necessary to throw the economy under the bus to fix it . 
  if contagion from the greek crisis was n't an issue for you , then i do n't think anything would be . 
  you seem to be in the grip of rather powerful optimism , which i can do much but disagree with . 
  keynes says pro-cyclical economic policy is what came first . 
  which is the keynesian idea in essence . 
  actually , it 's the other way around ( though it might be circular ) . 
  the imposition of austerity is what is causing states to almost-fail . 
   particularly not for the eu side , which will take a proportional hit five times smaller than the uk . 
   spain and italy do proportionally very little trade with the uk . 
  on the one hand , you 're talking about the big picture but not seeing it accurately , and on the other hand , you 're only seeing the little pictures , and missing the big picture . 
   if you ignore media hysteria every one of those crises has been handled and seen off . 
  no they really have n't . 
  unemployment in spain is 25 % . 
  in greece , it 's 35 % . 
  for young people , it 's much worse , at over 50 % . 
  the italian banking sector has 360bn $ in npl that arose during the crisis . 
  greece is going to need perpetual bailouts , as all the ` reform ' is n't returning it to health . 
  db yesterday called for 160bn $ for the eu banking system . 
  inflation is stagnant at 0 % . 
  bonds in half the countries are returning negative rates , despite the omt programme . 
  growth is anaemic outside of some countries performing well . 
  all of these are legacy issues deriving from the last crisis , which was n't resolved . 
  the kinds of adjustments needed are anathema to the current views of those in the financial and economic leadership positions , entirely due to moral hazard fears . 
  i am just looking to try to point out what the common arguments being tossed around on here are willfully overlooking . 
  what 's really ironic is how often those same people complained about the items i 'm citing pre-brexit , only to mysteriously forget about them now . 
   the average briton will not . 
  if you look at the map of who voted what , where , you can see the average briton was already not safe . 
  a torie refusal to manage an economic catastrophe would bring it down as a government , lesser things have done that in the past . 
  labour , which has been struggling to justify its existence lately , would suddenly be a viable alternative , and would be promising to spend money to help . 
  crises make people think differently . 
   sure , but you 're still giving a discount on your assets and cutting the buying power of your citizens ( and companies ) . 
  assets you do n't sell do n't produce value either . 
  and citizens only suffer on pricing where they are importing goods . 
  that cpi inflation can be managed in other ways . 
   and frankly , germany is hoarding too much money so macroeconomically it would only be healthy to reevaluate the contributions . 
  i do n't disagree re : germany . 
  but if you think the eu can live without the british contribution to budgets and trade , carrying on unscathed , i would have to disagree . 
   for example the uk is much more reliant on services and much less diversified than the eu .
