  i totally agree that russia ( and the usa ) have interest in the conflicts that are currently being fought . 
  but i do n't think the primary interest is about selling weapons . 
  i think it 's geopolitical in nature . 
   do you really think putin is holding a grudge over the conflict from 30-40 years ago ? 
  i think he 's lol ` ing about the us going right back into a territory that beat the soviets and fighting a 16 year war . 
  the taliban does n't need the russians ' help to keep stringing out the afghanistan conflict . 
  i think it 's likely there are other countries interested in helping the taliban ( like the saudis and pakistanis ) for ideological reasons . 
  i do n't want to say ` yes ' to that because i do n't want to contribute to bias myself . 
  oftentimes if someone says ` the article is another anti-russian b.s. ', 
  then they can use that statement to deny anything at all the article says . 
  in our case , * maybe * the russians are supplying weapons to taliban . 
  maybe not . 
  somebody apparently is . 
  but we do n't know who and we should figure it out . 
  so denying that it 's happening is not supported yet by facts so should n't be claimed . 
  on the other hand , the american news * does * have an anti-russia bias that needs to be stated and objected to because it 's not good journalism or fair reporting of facts . 
   but there is a high probability that regionally russian are arms very common . 
  absolutely . 
  there 's no doubt that weapons sold by both americans and russians are making it into conflicts in the me , africa , other places . 
  i do n't really know tbh . 
  i do n't trust the american narrative on russia either . 
  sure , most of europe has issues with russia that are deserved . 
  but there 's no reason i think anyone should trust the us govt prima facie . 
  yes , they were looking for a confirmation from him that did n't un-blame the russians , not an answer to a question about possibilities for where the weapons might be coming from . 
  for example , if they said ` are the russians giving the weapons to the taliban ' he might have been forced to say ` that 's unclear , we do n't know . ', 
  but if they say ` can you refute that the russians are giving the weapons to the taliban ' he can say ` no ' even if he does n't know who is giving them the weapons . 
  that claim does n't make much sense . 
  the russians hate jihadists as much or more than the us does . 
  see their backing of assad rather than the jihadist rebels in syria as an example . 
  i do n't think russia has much of an interest at all in afghanistan , not for the least reason of what happened to them there in the 80s . 
  and the russians do n't need to arm the taliban in order to keep the conflict in afghanistan going . 
  it 's very possible that the taliban are getting arms from compatriots in syria but whether or not those are coming from the us-backed rebels or the russian-backed government is unclear . 
  you 're a bit of a troll . 
  there was no irony because one country 's status as a tax haven does not depend on another 's . 
  there was no insinuation that i was condemning his country and overlooking mine . 
  that you read this into it is entirely your mistake . 
  read a little farther and you 'll see there was no need to make this comment . 
  no true scotsman . 
  being transparent about what one is doing does not excuse a country from being a tax haven . 
  hey , i 'm perfectly happy to say ireland is a tax haven . 
  i always criticise my government over it , and funny enough they say the * exact same thing * about taxation in ireland that you say about iom . 
  all the taxes you do n't have allow entities to set up shop and shelter assets from places that do tax . 
  this is the second time i think i 've seen someone from the isle of man try to talk about tax systems and people being fucked over . 
  if you are n't aware , you hail from a notorious tax haven . 
  sadly investors do n't make political decisions . 
  being ` safe ' comes at the price of deepening disallusionment and anger . 
  the people who are upset about what has happened to them and their communities are going to be more upset 5 years from now . 
  unfortunately , status quo politics will only serve to give groups like fn a boost and make what are extremist views seem more reasonable to more people , simply because the ` responsible ' leaders are intransigent . 
  and they are intransigent because it 's the markets they are serving and not the people . 
   ultimately , if macron can keep the economy healthy , work intelligently with the eu to nudge it in the right direction , and the world avoids massive shocks like the 2008 financial crisis , that 's a really big if . 
  nothing about macron 's background or lack of party send the message that he will be capable of reforming france enough to solve the problems that will stop fn from gaining further traction . 
  this will never happen as long as a macron victory now is considered vindication for centrist politics . 
  the whole fact that people wo n't necessarily be voting for macron but against le pen will be overlooked . 
  until such time as macron fails to form a government that will execute his policy or his policy fails to fix any of france 's problems . 
  then unfortunately , it may make le pen much more attractive for 2022 . 
  it 's strange that the guardian actual results are so different . 
  i 'm using official figures , not estimates . 
  guardian is reporting the official figures [ here ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/ng-interactive/2017/apr/23/french-presidential-election-results-2017-latest )  with 13 of 107 departements counted | at 22:13 cest  le pen 22.92 %  macron 20.81 %  m\u00e9lenchon 20.61 % melenchon closing on macron . 
  also , france24 rounded up when they gave the annoucement . 
  yes , this is really interesting at 12 departments of 107 counted . 
  i can see why melenchon has n't conceded , he 's in striking distance of macron . 
  and if it 's big cities who are yet to be counted , it 's possible these could go to the left and put him ahead of macron . 
  tell that to the anchor woman on france24 who said it . 
  i 'm not a fn supporter . 
  but i wo n't be accused of spreading false news . 
  announced on france24 just a moment ago . 
  actual vote totals released after 20m votes counted ( france24 ) : le pen 24 % macron 22 % as of right now , macron has not won . 
  edit : all of you saying ` duh big cities ' need to chill . 
  that 's not a relevant point . 
  it 's clear in my quote that this is after 20m votes . 
  for 2017 ? 
  we 're not even halfway through 2017 . 
  the chart you linked confirms the point i made about attacks happening every 6 months over the last few years . 
  we do n't know what 2017 future holds , but hopefully it is different than the last two years in france . 
  that 's misleading . 
  there has been an act of terror in france in the media i think about every 6 months for the last two years . 
  even if there is a low statistical chance that any one person in france would experience terrorism personally , you 'd be mistaken if you think that it 's unreasonable to be concerned about terrorism as a problem both in france and in europe . 
  she did n't get fucked over . 
  she lost legitimately using the legitimate election system . 
  the idea that she would have won if it were n't for the electoral college is flawed in that if the ec did n't exist , everybody would have campaigned differently . 
  she lost because she had nothing in her platform to offer the rust belt and her party had given up on trying to swing those votes . 
  now it 's not that trump had something to give them , it 's that at least at the time he appealed more than she did . 
  that 's her critical campaign and strategic error , not a flaw in the us system . 
  no , she failed to win using the political system of the united states . 
  winning the popular vote is not relevant because the popular vote is not how the us determines who wins its presidential elections . 
  hamon got an estimate of 6 % . 
  even if the estimate was low , there was no way he was going to catch fillon or melenchon . 
  so no reason not to concede . 
  they took 500 polling stations and counted the first 200 votes . 
  that 's all . 
  it 's a projection based on that . 
  not an exit poll , but not a final result . 
  people should note that these figures are created by taking 500 polling stations that closed first and counting the first 200 votes cast . 
  by no means is this a final result . 
  it 's just a projection . 
  turnout at 5pm was below 2012 , and france24 is reporting absentions are at 23 % , higher than in 2012 . 
  and there are no polls out that are reliable and should be considered anything other than fake news . 
  i was just trying to interpret op 's remark . 
  because these are noon numbers . 
  the usual idea is that the centrist or more ` traditional ' voters vote earlier , and the more liberal and extremist voters vote later .
