  if they ` forget about the referendum ' extra-democratic activities are likely to become a reality . 
  see protests , violence , property destruction , etc. 
  leading to an insurgency and ultimately a political meltdown altogether . 
  nowhere to try it . 
  iccc does n't have jurisdiction on the decision to go to war . 
  usa/gb have veto in un sc . 
  intl law is only applicable to domestic law where the former is codified in the latter . 
  and that 's a maybe at best . 
  again , you are making the same exact point you made a second ago , which is unsupported and unevidenced . 
  it 's entirely your opinion on what is required for whom and when . 
  i 'm not about to simply take your word for it . 
  this is before we even get into a discussion about what the criteria for the programme could be . 
  imagine the uk opens up a number of ` low skilled visas ' available in targeted numbers , first come first served , and does n't need a ` work permit ' or employer sponsor to achieve . 
  also add a stipulation that the visa holder must find employment in a defined period ( 6 months say ) , or they must leave . 
  maybe the original visa is only for 6 months and can only be renewed with proof of employment . 
  boom !, 
  you have a whole bunch of people applying for them in a very short amount of time . 
  you have incentive for people to get and keep jobs . 
  you have employers having the labour they need when they need it . 
  and you have a mechanism to return unnecessary labour to where it came from . 
  i support free movement of labour . 
  but the argument you are making in order to justify it is unconvincing . 
  i read your comment . 
  you 're second paragraph is an opinion , and is unsupported by any evidence . 
  you 're trying to make the argument that control over access to low-skilled jobs is either impossible or impractical to achieve , which is wrong . 
  all that is required is an emigration programme and a clear set of eligibility requirements . 
  employers will take care of the rest . 
  by the way , i 'm not trying to denigrate bulgarian or other e european workers in any way . 
  just trying to point out what is motivating the uk even where the people in the spotlight are net contributors to the uk economy . 
  because : control . 
  if the uk chooses to fly in certain nationals from targeted countries , it can decide exactly how many , from exactly what place , meeting exactly what criteria for entry . 
  it can also turn around and send them home if they cause trouble . 
  your ee brothers have ( had ) a right to move to the uk and look for work without any meaningful controls , whether those workers added value to the uk or not . 
  that 's the problem the uk government had with the arrangement . 
  this is n't a problem that will be managed or solved by government . 
  if we assume the writer 's thesis is true , eg immigrants were willing to work those jobs at those wages but british nationals were n't , then removing them will be an economic motivator . 
  not a political one . 
  specifically whether the government intervenes or not will be irrelevant . 
  employers will have to change their offering in order to entice the workers they need . 
  it 's in other words a new kind of scarcity in employment : people willing to work for ` mcjobs ' would become scarce , and employers would need to make them attractive to compete . 
  normal labour market economics . 
  not that there might not be unexpected consequences ( like prices going up ) . 
  the item you posted refers to deficits , based on my source being originally incomplete . 
  i do n't really want to argue over whether a near 7 year 8 % current account surplus constitutes an imbalance . 
  rules are rules . 
  to put that into context , the portuguese are asking to run a 4 % deficit rather than 3 % . 
  the implications to their imbalance and debt levels of 4 % rather than 3 % are actually trivial , even if 1 % . 
  and yet the germans are breathing down their necks . 
  if we are going to be hard-arse about the rules , then it should be applied equally . 
  the current account imbalance of 6 % is an indication of an imbalance if it is n't transient , as the german one is n't . 
  the eu initiated a ` deep dive ' investigation and the germans were warned . 
  but , no fines or anything . 
  they were always unlikely . 
  the point is that the germans are violating the same rules they want to enforce on others . 
  to be honest , i did n't read that particular link , because there has been lots of coverage about the mip and the rules about deficits/surpluses . 
  i just grabbed the first one that came up . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.ceps.eu/publications/macroeconomic-imbalance-procedure-and-germany-when-current-account-surplus-%e2%80%98imbalance%e2%80%99 ) is another one that is of a much better quality . 
  it definitively indicates that a 6 % surplus could constitute and imbalance , and highlights countries who have hit it . 
  make sure to click on the + sign to see the actual report that is much more informative . 
  also here 's an article on it from [ the telegraph ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/comment/ambroseevans_pritchard/11584031/germanys-record-trade-surplus-is-a-bigger-threat-to-euro-than-greece.html ) that is more recent . 
  it 's part of the ' 6 pack ' , [ macroeconomic imbalance procedure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macroeconomic_imbalance_procedure ) . 
  surpluses create trade imbalance , such as the one that currently exists . 
  but it does n't apply to germany * right now * . 
  their current account surplus at ~ 8 % is illegal and has been 6 years in a row . 
  by rule , they should have been fined 1 % of gdp ( 37.3 bn $ ) every year after the 3rd year . 
  the same rule that says no deficits greater than 3 % also says no surpluses greater than 6 % . 
  should we remind schaeuble that germany needs to honor it 's fiscal commitments ? 
   if losing it 's biggest trading partner ( uk , 10 % ) is going to be painful , it 's going to be five times more painful for the uk to lose it 's biggest trading partner ( eu , 50 % ) . 
  this thread was two days ago . 
  why are we fighting over whom it 's going to hurt more ? 
  it 's fucking stupid . 
  it 's going to hurt everyone . 
  the only reason i even brought up the impact on the eu was because i was tired of reading statements being made about how it was the end of the world for the uk and the eu would carry on unscathed . 
   the reason that the refugee policy is fucked up is because the national governments refused to make a binding and complete eu policy beforehand , and therefore we have had the pleasure to witness the whole discussion about what should be done in the media . 
  why are you making this argument ? 
  the mechanics of how the eu ended up with a disjointed and unpopular policy response are not in question . 
  the point i made was in relation to your criticism of brexit voters for having the audacity to vote to leave . 
  you characterised the decision as basically flippant and illogical . 
  unmerited . 
  i then pointed out to you that the alternative is to stick around in the eu whilst simultaneously defying it . 
  it is very difficult to believe the ` we 're all in this together ' narrative when a number of states are revolting against the policy choices made on behalf of all , and while others flagrantly violate the rules with impunity . 
   none of that needed to happen if the national governments were n't so paranoid about their sovereignty . 
  if we are talking about greece , and austerity in general , the problem is not a demand for sovereignty , and in fact giving up sovereignty would n't have resulted in a different outcome . 
  no one is offering a fiscal ( transfer ) union . 
  countries , especially germany , do not want any more of their money going to countries they believe are wasting it and corrupt . 
  consider how difficult it has been to get the german people behind giving loans to greece -- and at least loans get paid back ( in theory anyway ) . 
  now imagine a setting where the money is to be paid out of taxpayers pockets with no obligation whatsoever . 
  never happen . 
  we are not anywhere near a position where that kind of eu would be possible as long as it entails the direct subsidising of smaller or weaker states . 
   the eu is just a processing tool : garbage in , garbage out . 
  you are n't doing yourself any favours with that argument . 
  if you are stating that austerity exists because people vote for it , and the eu is thus disconnected from that policy decision , then what 's the point of the eu ? 
  so far the arguments you 've made add up to inadequacy . 
  you 've said the eu 's problems derive from an incomplete integration ; you 've said the eu is just a reflection of voter preference ; and it 's a mere ` processing tool ' . 
  absent is any leadership or coherence . 
  where is the alternative vision for stability and prosperity ? 
  the argument to sell the eu to british voters should not be the equivalent of ` it 's better than nothing ' . 
   turkey ? 
  what 's your problem ? 
  turkey is basically a dictatorship dressed up like a democracy .
