  i do n't know about you guys though . 
  maybe you send them your best , and that 's why you 're so unhappy at home . 
  edit : by the way -- this was intended as a joke . 
  it appears to have fallen on the ears of a bunch of humourless cyborgs . 
  congrats to all who successfully defended the honour of all meps . 
  lol . 
  ah , well the pound is coming back to life . 
  ftse and the other indexes are coming around as well . 
  i think something could be said about chilling out and letting the markets get back to believing they 're invincible again . 
  honestly , that is the most responsible thing i 've seen anyone say , all day , and over the last few days . 
  i 'm glad someone else out there thinks people need to stfu for a second and let things cool off . 
  actually looking back through the thread , if this declining had any meaning at all ( which it might not ) , the likely reason is spain . 
  i think they are likely being sensitive to not giving ideas to the catalans who might demand to meet if the scots succeeded . 
  i 've been asking that question all day . 
  merkel gave the only positive indication i 've seen anywhere . 
  the more prideful types were i think just beating their chests . 
  no , it does n't make any sense . 
  at all . 
  edit : ah , spain . 
  i think they 're worried about giving the catalans some ideas ... 
   i think its prudent to deal with 1 thing at a time now and if/when scottish independence is in sight or more concrete the only thing that is being dealt with right now is to make as much a mess as possible to smear each other in the media . 
  mostly european media smearing british voters . 
   and if/when scottish independence is in sight or more concrete ` we are preparing referendum legislation ' is pretty concrete . 
  lot 's of conversations between heads of state at the eu have happened over much less concrete situations than that . 
   a more meaningful discussion can be had i hope by the end of the decade , something like this will have happened . 
  right now mainstream media is giving the tabloids a run for their money . 
   right now its still part of the uk and therea no need to add fuel to those flames right now when things are still in its initial phases . 
  what flames ? 
  unless the uk has some leverage that everyone is denying exists , a conversation with scotland in the wake of the brexit vote has negligible impact on the uk situation . 
  or maybe the eu does stand to lose something and all the buffoons crowing left and right should be more careful about what they say ? 
   why would they be vindictive against scottish people , who voted to remain ? 
  i 've been asking that question all day . 
  it does n't make any sense . 
   alternatively , why would you call it vindictive against the uk to resist openly advocating for its breakup ? 
  alternatively to your alternatively , why would the eu care what happens to the uk at this stage ? 
  we all see that there are now serious problems for ni and scotland , just as it was clear that they voted convincingly to remain . 
  it 's obvious big changes are afoot , there 's no way to avoid them . 
  so why not talk to nicola ? 
  what does the eu have to lose , unless it 's just because they 're pissed off and are having * none * of it ? 
  and vietnam !, 
  ` most of you have never done a proper job in your life . ', 
  that was a spectacular line . 
  you could feel the burn through the chamber . 
  and who would stop them if it came to it ? 
  i disagree . 
  nicola is n't there to pretend to be independent . 
  she 's there to talk to the eu about what scotland intends to do about the brexit situation and to test the waters about whether the eu would be receptive to a move toward independence . 
  it 's hardly some secret mission or dangerous overture . 
  it 's extremely common for a head of state to seek an audience with people who would be involved in a situation to discuss and get feedback regarding it . 
  the snp and the scottish government want to stay in the eu , and it 's not a secret to anyone . 
  they 're planning the move pretty openly now , and it would make sense for the eu to discuss with them what is going to happen . 
  i really think the issue is that it 's too soon after the referendum , and the people all over brussels and the eu heads of state are still right furious . 
  it 's in debt * to the uk * , as far as i can tell . 
  i could not find a single source stating this debt is owed outside the uk . 
  and if uk and scotland part ways , then there would be a lot of talk about the debt situation . 
  they might not come to an agreement . 
  there 's no recourse but to refuse trade access were the scots to simply walk away from all of it . 
  especially if everybody who claims they 'd be a ` new ' country having to apply from to the eu from the outside . 
  since when did tusk adopt that policy ? 
  tusk loves to interfere in the internal politics of a state . 
  it 's what he does after tea !, 
  and the one likely to object is spain , because it does n't want to lose catalonia . 
  do n't worry mate . 
  the eurocrats are just being vindictive at the moment because someone dared to defy them . 
  i do n't think they really have it out for scotland or ni , and would be happy to talk when things cool down a little . 
  says who ? 
  the scots do n't require the uk 's permission to declare independence . 
  not now anyway . 
  the uk would only have recourse to refuse trade until debts were agreed to be paid . 
  that 's it . 
  afaik , the ecj is n't a debt collector for nations outside the eu , so there 's that avenue gone . 
  i agree that the scots will want as amicable a parting as possible , and would take some share of responsibility . 
  but if you think the uk will assign them some massive debt pile to keep them uk members , i would think twice . 
   the eu has declined to give an official opinion on anything at all relating to independent scotland that 's the actual state of affairs . 
   i do n't think there 's any question they would have to apply and join if they were a new independent state . 
  does n't follow from the above reality . 
  if someone objects to admitting scotland , it will be the ecj who makes the decision , under specific legal arguments . 
  for example , a ` successor ' state . 
  if not , it would be simple . 
   within two years they would have to plan a referendum , campaign , and assuming they win then conduct the secession negotiations at a time when ruk is already frantically busy trying to get decent deals with the eu so their economy does n't collapse . 
  they could have the referendum knocked out by the end of this year . 
  they do n't need a protracted process . 
   snp want to rush through the secession negotiations either , the scottish priority is staying in the eu , not appeasing the uk . 
  if push comes to shove , retaining access to the single market will be more valuable in the long-term than getting a good deal for the uk market . 
   there 's the national debt to divide . 
  it would pass today with convincing numbers . 
  it wo n't be hard to convince unionists to come on board considering their other option is to go down with the uk ship , the uk being itself someone who voted against the wishes of those same unionists anyway . 
  no , scotland will have debts to the uk , which it may or may not pay , in a currency it does n't use . 
  the scots wo n't follow the uk into the abyss because they are afraid of how much debt the uk might ask them to pay . 
  better to default on debt to the uk than lose out on the eu . 
  the wheels of independence are already in motion . 
  there 's really nothing at all to stop it now , and it was widely discussed prior to the referendum . 
  the eu can cold shoulder scotland i guess -- but there 's no reason to , other than just being petty . 
  the eu already think they have all the leverage , and dismissing scotland does n't change that . 
  likewise i ca n't see anyone except spain objecting , and if they do it will likely end up in the ecj , where it wo n't matter anyway . 
  you mean the uk will assign it ? 
  not the eu . 
  or germany . 
  how that deal goes between scotland and the uk will be entirely between them . 
  now i see where you are coming from .
