  so if germany was willing to do this to its fellow europeans , who were already its customers , in what world would muslim immigrants and refugees be a more attractive group ? 
  this situation is an entirely off-the-rails social situation , prolonged by a war that is being fought in proxy between the us , it 's allies , and russia . 
  each who support a different side , which means the war drags out , and pushes migrants into neighboring countries . 
  add to it that word gets out that brown people who turn up to a refugee camp and claim to be refugees get a ticket to europe , no questions asked ( or no proof required ) , and you have the recipe for this current situation . 
  whomever wrote this needs to put down the conspiracy newspaper , take a deep breath , and get out of the basement . 
  and whom did austria complain about this to ? 
  and when did austria reject the policy in an eu-wide decision ? 
  we should be reading about ` austria rejects eu plan ' . 
  instead we 're reading about unilateral independent decisions . 
  either you will or will not go along with the eu . 
  do n't agree in one meeting and go off on your own tangent in another . 
  that 's a fine compliment comrade . 
  you do not need re-education and may return to your home . 
  ***** btw , we 've 4m in the whole country . 
  that 's taking in 1 % of our population in a year . 
  our asylum system already sucks . 
  it would self-destruct under that kind of weight . 
  i support the czk . 
  though in fairness , i do n't live there . 
  most czechs i know are pretty upset about the cost of things that are n't beer and water . 
  i only think that monetary controls are great controls that so many in europe lack . 
  it does exist , and even if its problematically enforced , no one can overtly contradict it . 
  it is the law . 
  do n't ask this ; i know what to do with power . 
  turkey is n't party to the dublin agreement . 
  i was only being half-hearted , your flair was your representation . 
  by that i mean i treated you as cz because you wear it as flair . 
  in that sense , you as a czech are one of the few who benefit from having your own currency and monetary policy , and that in the ` superstate ' europe develops you would ironically lose out on this benefit . 
  austria must uphold the dublin agreement , and it must not turn away refugees claiming asylum arbitrarily . 
  to do so is a violation of international law . 
  no asylum seeker or refugee may claim benefits in the second or subsequent country after entrance . 
  for austria to decide to artificially limit the numbers of refugees violates the geneva convention . 
  for refugees to arrive at the border but be refused means that the next eu border they encounter is their second border , which triggers the dublin agreement . 
  any place where refugees present must accept them . 
  they do n't need greek permission . 
  they need eu permission . 
  free movement is a guarantee . 
  as the uk found out , it is not optional . 
  if that 's true , then there are much larger problems than the refugees . 
  germany ca n't make that recommendation because it violates the dublin agreement . 
  first country where they present is the country where they must be processed . 
  there 's nothing ambiguous about that . 
  germany , nor anyone else , is at liberty to tell anyone else , or to themselves , willingly violate the accord . 
  i was hesitant to say this ... but this act will have consequences . 
  after a series of sternly worded letters , austria will either be taken to the ecj and/or be sanctioned by the eu itself . 
  something like this is an act that can not go unanswered . 
  then where is the austrian application to secede ? 
  hard to take people seriously who want to benefit but not suffer together . 
  whatever the solution is , it 's everyone 's solution , not any one country 's unilateral act . 
  unless that act is to leave altogether . 
  of course they will reciprocate . 
  the eu will never get another agreement passed by consensus again . 
  likewise , with everyone doing their own thing , the result is chaos in europe politically , with an eventual dissolution of the project itself . 
  a german move to agree with austria would be taken universally -- everybody would jump on board . 
  in the long term , all of europe would be an unattractive target . 
  there 'd be no point in leaving turkey for europe only to get refused . 
  in the short term , greece would still need help to deal with everyone they 've got , and some plan enacted to resettle or return migrants . 
  the wider issue is that refusal of refugees is against international law , of which eu aggregately is a signer , and which violates the dublin agreement . 
  neither of those are non-trivial . 
  i 'm criticising them for effectively closing their borders and for not making it an eu-wide issue before acting unilaterally . 
  we just had a summit where some plan was agreed ostensibly . 
  it sounds like austria did n't like the plan and acted independently . 
  in which case , it is right to criticise them because their act hurts others . 
  do you not find it ironic that part of what insulates cz from europe is that it still uses czk , which they are resisting from changing ? 
  your superstate would be on the euro , which would make prices rise for a period until wages catch up ( if they catch up ) . 
  that 's not the way to go about it . 
  it 's austria telling germany ` change the plan or else ' . 
  in the process , they victimise greece . 
  if a person did n't believe that many in europe had it out for greece , it 's getting hard not come to that conclusion under these sorts of acts . 
  what if the germans refuse to budge ? 
  what happens to greece ? 
  the austrians are planning to work with the visegrad group to trap refugees in greece . 
  they are n't inviting the greeks or germans because both would object . 
  better forgiveness than permission , heh ? 
  we are reaching the ` fuck you , i do what i want stage ' of europe , which seems to be one stage before the whole thing falls apart . 
  for real . 
  the austrian plan is to trap all the migrants in greece . 
  they could hardly be upset by that . 
  i wonder if this is the straw that breaks the camel 's back for greece . 
  thank you . 
  i never attacked you , other than to point out you 've history of behaving in a certain way . 
  i criticise your argument . 
  i criticise your approach to the logic that underpins it : sloppy and faulty . 
  i criticise the shifting positions and what i view as inconsistency in claiming to know things you ca n't . 
  that is not a personal attack against / u/ltburtreynolds , nor is our back and forth a flame war . 
  i think your thinking is faulty , not because you do n't have any points , but because you attack the speaker rather than the point . 
  it 's not okay to belittle and insult people you disagree with . 
  it does n't mean you win . 
  and it 's not that i 'm particularly thin skinned . 
  it 's just that we get into protracted discussions which inevitably become more hostile and more and more juvenile . 
  there might have been even a useful discussion to be had about espionage and how it interacts with morality in the state . 
  but it 's a waste of time with you , so i 'll just leave it there so . 
  alright we 're done . 
  that 's what i thought you 'd do . 
  i do n't deal in personal attacks , flame wars , or faulty thinking . 
  i wasted time on this . 
  have you tagged now , wo n't happen again . 
  good day . 
  i have given you so much benefit of the doubt , to treat your replies as if they were merited . 
  to deconstruct the sloppy , faulty logic takes a lot of effort .
