  it 's straightforward ( logically ) to kick all the roi ` irish ' out of the uk in the way op wants to do to muslims . 
  but if you wanted to kick out all the ( ethnic ) ` irish ' from the uk the only realistic way would have been for the british to kick themselves out of northern ireland . 
  the alternative is to try to push the northern irish out of northern ireland into the republic which does n't really make sense . 
  it 's way easier for the british to leave an island they are occupying than it is to remove people from their own homeland . 
  another reason is that the problem of bombings and violence was n't simply restricted to ethnic irish blowing up things in the uk and killing innocent uk citizens . 
  bombings occurred in both ni and england , were carried out by both ira and loyalist paramilitary groups , and targeted both catholic and protestant innocents . 
  and there is significant evidence that the british government either directly sanctioned or supported the actions that resulted in the death of innocents . 
  both by murders carried out by british soldiers and by ` special branch ' or mi5 intelligence operations to support loyalist paramilitary groups . 
  the period of the troubles was in that sense both an insurgency and a ` shadow ' conflict between sectarian groups and supportive states . 
  there was even a moment when the irish govt itself was implicated in an ` arms crisis ' of smuggling weapons and money to the ira . 
  it resulted in the removal of lynch from the cabinet . 
  so for this analogy to hold , the uk govt would have to be paying some nationalist groups to blow up mosques in the uk while islamic terrorists blow up pop music concerts . 
  since that does n't seem to be the case , comparing the problem to the troubles does n't work very well . 
  no , you could n't . 
  i think it 's pretty insane to put the troubles in the same context as the current crop of islam-related terrorism . 
  25 reforms left . 
  it 's pretty simple , your argument is not with me or with any other redditor itt . 
  your argument is with moscovici and dijsselbloem , both of whom stated in your own document that they were satisfied with greece . 
  even the imf is reportedly ` impressed with the greeks ' ( sic ) . 
  there 's nobody out there saying that the greeks need to do more work to complete the review . 
  moscovici says exactly the opposite . 
  who have we not heard from ? 
  the germans . 
  who does n't want any more debt relief ? 
  the germans . 
  who does n't want to even talk about it until after 2018 federal election ? 
  the germans . 
  that 's where the problem is . 
  and your article was from * before * the greek parliament passed the measures they were required to pass . 
  you have no evidence anywhere to support the idea that these last 25 things are sticking points or that there is anything but relief about the work of the greek side . 
   the greek authorities have met their responsibilities and are doing so as we speak . 
  greece has made very significant progress and i am quite confident that we will soon be able to conclude that they have fulfilled all their commitments . 
  ** greece has done what needed for the review to be successfully concluded . 
  ** from your own document . 
  for once , the greek government is not the issue . 
   the international monetary fund and germany are reported to have disagreed over how to help ease the country 's debts once its rescue programme ends next year . 
  here 's your problem . 
  all indications to the media is that the ` work ' that still needs to be done is not between greece and lenders but between lenders . 
  aka germany and the imf at odds over debt relief . 
  she was released yesterday . 
  clinton got a raw deal in the press ? 
  are you joking ? 
  it was n't called the clinton news network for no reason ... you had trump who got as much coverage as possible , in that this coverage was overwhelmingly negative . 
  if anyone got a raw deal in the press , it was bernie . 
  he was either getting zero coverage or msm outlets like nyt were running frequent hit pieces on him . 
  seriously , if clinton got a raw deal , despite having the backing of all the media behind her , i 'd hate to see what a good deal is . 
  one thing that would make the average french person 's life better is a change to the treaties re : debt . 
  i would prefer to see the ban on monetary financing removed and replaced with a new clause that allows the ecb to discharge member state debt under certain circumstances . 
  at present the thing that is destroying the eu from within is debt , where the project is fractured into the places that are creditors and the places that are debtors . 
  we have one state that is a more or less debt colony forever , and others whose debt burden is going to suppress their growth for decades . 
  allowing this problem to fester after such extraordinary circumstances ( 2010 crisis ) is what is enabling the le pens of the eu space to get their ideas into the mainstream . 
  and there are other things as well like refugees that are serious concerns but are not flexible options . 
  comey testified in congress in the us this week that he had no choice but to investigate . 
  the late reopening of the investigation happened because classified data obtained by or on behalf of hrc ended up on anthony weiner 's computer . 
  even if it was unintentional or accidental , and not a crime per se , you ca n't fault comey for looking into how it got there . 
  i would remind that regardless of whether she broke the law or not , if hrc had not been careless or stupid with sensitive material there would be nothing to investigate . 
  i love that preventing the worst candidate from getting elected is cause for celebration . 
  most people who vote macron wo n't be voting * for him * . 
  they 'll be voting * against her * . 
  point being macron is an empty vessel and representative of the things most french seem to despise about politics and policy . 
  worse , he has no party , no majority , and very little real support in the parliament . 
  no , it 's about whom the blame can be pinned on . 
  result is the same . 
  what a click-bait-y headline . 
  per the article here 's what she said or is being reported she said :  `` i am not an adversary of europe , '' she said tuesday . 
  `` i feel french first , of course , but i 'm also european . ''  simply saying she 'd negotiate with the eu for france to regain more control over its economy and then put the results to a referendum . 
   `` i want to convince the european union to negotiate , '' she said . 
  `` whatever happens , the french will get the final say . '' i notice the media trying to use the words ` european ' , ` eu ' , and ` europe ' interchangeably . 
  this is a mistake . 
  le pen is n't anti-europe or anti-european . 
  ( though she 's pro-france ) she 's anti-eu . 
  saying ` i 'm also european ' is not a conflict with her other positions nor a change in attitude . 
  she 's also being extremely clever . 
  saying the equivalent of ` we can keep the euro if the eu gives us more control over it as a nation ' is the same thing in effect as saying ` we 're going to leave the euro ' . 
  because of course the eu both by treaty and by deliberate intent is not going to allow the french ( or any state ) to control the currency in the way they want . 
  so the referendum that is the result of such a negotiation is going to be blamed squarely on the eu and not on her or the fn . 
  and she does have a point : the euro does not benefit all countries equally , and countries that embrace it * do * see rises in prices and less purchasing power if wages do not rise in tandem . 
  le pen would n't be the first person to complain that eu monetary policy is more or less proxy for german monetary policy , or to complain that the design of the monetary system is not flexibile enough that it can accommodate the needs of all member-states equally . 
  it 's clear that in any case le pen 's strategy is to target the aspects of the eu and eu policy that the french are unhappy with even as eu members who are reluctant to leave . 
  from there if she can make the eu responsible for refusing to change , she can try to reframe the problem away from fn and eurosceptics trying to break the eu and toward the eu refusing to change despite needing to . 
  even though it will be very difficult for her to succeed , it 's clever strategy and people itt ( who did n't really read the article ) are underestimating le pen and what appeal such an approach might have to voters who would be voting against her rather than for macron . 
  this is an instance of the broken window fallacy . 
  the taliban do n't need the russians ' help to bleed the us . 
  fighting in afghanistan was a giant strategic error , especially after the soviet experience . 
  unless the us commits to occupy afghanistan perpetually , they can not ` win ' in afghanistan . 
  the conflict will thus bleed the us for years on its own . 
  which means the russians need do nothing there and can concentrate the effort spent aiding the taliban in other places that serve their interests more . 
  it 's way more likely imo to be a m.e. 
  country smuggling russian weapons to the taliban than the russians themselves . 
   part of the isis fighters in syria are russian chechens . 
  i would say putin cares about as much about russian chechens fighting for isis who are muslim as he does about tatars in crimea . 
   another proxy war with usa to gain more influence in the muslim world where they used to be very influent in the past . 
  the ship on islamic countries being ` influenced ' has sailed . 
  i do not see any m.e. 
  country looking at russia for leadership . 
  mostly i see countries eyeing them with suspicion . 
  at best , russia is ` enemy of my enemy ' kinda thing , and someone they 're willing to do business with until the american/israeli problem is solved . 
   in order to have buyers , you need more proxy wars and wars in general . 
  in order to increase it , you need to have buyers . 
  there are plenty of buyers for russian weapons out there without needing to start a war .
