  at the moment , at least according to the sub , karma has come around in the form of 1m + migrants . 
  sorry but 90 % of the money given in the most current bailout went straight back to financial institutions . 
  greece was nothing more than a passthrough for it . 
  if something is too big to fail , it is too big to exist . 
  if we could ask ourselves ` could we survive without bank x ? ', 
  and the answer is no , then bank x needs to be restructured into a form where we can answer ` yes ' . 
  somehow i do n't think it 's a finance ministry that will take on all the debts of the southern states and freely transfer them the money they need to develop . 
  the cynical part of me that watched all of these economic negotiations thinks a joint finance ministry just means the enforcement of ` beneficial ' policy of some states on those for whom it might not be so beneficial . 
  the person to whom i replied states that this is just local news , whereas when its migrants responsible , it 's r/europe news . 
  clearly sexual assaults only matter when brown skinned men commit them . 
  you have to earn 35k to be a contributor ? 
  everyone working above minimum wage is a contributor . 
  what benefits is a 35k person claiming ? 
  that 's a lot of money to need benefits . 
  i do believe a whole lot of conspiracy theorists have been proven right lately ... 
  you have to be a shill of some sort to make this argument . 
  most of what you wrote is wasted space , so i 'll just reply has substance . 
  first of all , there are n't gon na be charges , ever , on either side of the atlantic . 
  in sweden , the prosecutors would have charged him after they interviewed him and the other parties the first time . 
  in the us , wikileaks is absolutely covered by fair use doctrine . 
  the classification of documents is irrelevant when given to someone else . 
  all of this is known . 
  it 's not about rape . 
  no one , even the women concerned , care about rape . 
  it 's about silencing wikileaks . 
  and pinning an undeniable moral failing on it 'd founder as a means to discredit him . 
  since when does a company get to not pay taxes because they have employees ? 
  in this case it 's their loss . 
  the uk is sounding less and less like a place anybody would want to live every day . 
  it 's destroying it 's future doing stupid things like this . 
  tier-2 migrants are n't stuck for jobs , nor are they a burden . 
  it should be trying to attract them , not send them away . 
  have a skilled qualification and speak english ? 
  ireland could use you at least in tech . 
  other that , the world 's your oyster . 
  most of the jobs in skilled categories earn less than 50k . 
  only senior positions earn more . 
  canada , oz and nz thank you uk . 
  a ) the preliminary battle before the manning trial got started was over whether his motivations/belief in the justness of his actions was allowable . 
  unsurprisingly , it was not . 
  the judge made a point of denying that us policies themselves could be illegal . 
  his case was limited exclusively to whether or not he disseminated classified material . 
  b ) as far as i 'm concerned , all three should be sharing a peace prize while the press is full of coverage about bush , cheney , rumsfeld , clapper , powell , and their senior admin being indicted for a range of crimes from war crimes , crimes against humanity , to perjury , negligence , and corruption . 
  i 'm waiting for the flood of court cases wherein all the illegal activity es brought into the public sphere result in legislative changes , prosecution , and a restoration of justice . 
  i 'll be waiting forever , because they wo n't happen . 
  the germans could n't even manage to do anything about the fact that their own politicians and parliament were being bugged . 
  the people in charge do n't care . 
  thus i have no confidence in justice or in a state 's capacity to police itself when it is caught doing illegal and unethical acts . 
  there is no stipulation anywhere which says that a person has to be detained in a theatre of combat in order to be declared an ` enemy combatant ' . 
  the us performs counter-terrorism and direct action operations in many many places that are n't afghanistan or iraq . 
  even us citizens can be declared an enemy combatant if there is will to do so . 
  which is beside the point anyway -- guantanamo is still open . 
  the black sites in european countries and elsewhere still exist . 
  individuals are still being detained without ever being tried or convicted of any unlawful activity . 
  only a very naive person would think that under such circumstances there is no way that the same fate could befall ja . 
  likewise , by the way , it 's also important to note that there is no capacity for a defendant to argue that their actions are just because the laws or policies of the state are unjust . 
  in any trial es or ja might face , just as chelsea manning did , the arguments will solely be confined to whether or not an unlawful act occurred . 
  the us , it 's policies , it 's laws , or their legality can not be tested as a part of a defense against them . 
  the day the policy abuses es and ja/wikileaks exposed are tested in a public court of law and judged for their legality is the day that i would recommend either ja or es to return home . 
  but not until . 
  and few of us have time to deal with hopeless ideologues . 
  people like you are one of the reasons people like me have no confidence in governments , law , justice , integrity , or principles in leaders . 
  i do n't make this claim , nor do i support it . 
  i 'm not at all naive to how things really are , and to how little law , justice , or commitments to principles really matter . 
  i have no illusions of what states are or how they behave in geopolitics . 
  the es affair and wikileaks have been eye openers for a lot of other people though -- people who were naive and who expect law , order , and justice . 
  and mostly for people who believe the us and its allies in the west are the good guys who follow the rules . 
  as people itt are showing , there are some people who will never come around to the idea of their country being guilty of wrongdoing , no matter what evidence of it surfaces . 
  first of all , i never claimed sweden to be a ` vassal state ' to the us . 
  whomever it is that you are replying to in anger about it is n't me . 
  sweden could easily be voluntarily cooperating with the us without being overtly coerced into it . 
  given the 5 eyes , and the cooperation between intelligence services , and the way things are vastly different in back-channel diplomacy than they appear to be prima facie , it would n't surprise me if sweden was volunteering to hand him over without any coercion involved . 
  also note , it 's common knowledge the us puts extreme diplomatic pressure on countries to give it what it wants . 
  secondly , other swedes in this sub make the claim about sweden being a ` little bitch of the usa ' all the time . 
  maybe you 'd like to engage those people about the claim rather than me . 
  and this :  assange supports talk as if sweden is somalia or some other shithole . . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's a highly developed democracy in europe with a long standing rule of law dating back centuries . 
  is a strawman . 
  nobody is making such a claim . 
  if you have n't noticed , all of the current behaviour of states in the war on terror and intelligence ` cooperation ' is justified in law . 
  the ` enhanced interrogation ' method is legal . 
  the ` extraordinary rendition of enemy combatants ' is legal . 
  the detention of them without due process is legal . 
  nobody anywhere is admitting to illegally torturing , kidnapping , and detaining prisoners , nor would they . 
  nobody is claiming that they are illegally surveilling the masses without a specific warrant . 
  if you are waiting for someone to state that their actions are illegal , but they are doing them anyway , you 'll be waiting for eternity . 
  if you want to claim that everything is on the up and up , and everything is proceeding down the path of full due process and the protections of law , that of course is your prerogative . 
  however , it is hopelessly naive and factually wrong . 
  this whether or not you think sweden is a ` little bitch of the usa . ', 
  you ca n't ask for extradition in cases where no charges have been filed , can you ? 
  the us has n't charged ja with any crime , so on what basis would it make an official extradition request ? 
  not only this , but it would be grand jury to decide to indict , and it 's well known that grand juries are prosecutors ' rubber stamps . 
  what the us has wanted all along is to get hold of ja by making a ` friendly request ' of either sweden or the uk , and for the handover to be done in a way that is not party to the courts or able to be challenged publicly . 
  it wants to use its national security laws and structures to deal with ja outside the civilian courts , where he has no recourse and where it can not effectively be challenged . 
  well denmark was willing to allow a jet whose whole mission was to rendition es back to america to be parked on its soil , ready and waiting to go . 
  inb4 ` sweden is n't denmark ' , the point is that the overt cooperation between states in europe and the us on these matters is well established . 
  even where those states ought to object to the kind of activity the us is trying to justify . 
  after wikileaks and es , the whole ` legitimate ' authorities of the states of the west have been caught with their pants down involved in activities that are frankly illegal . 
  but who use the the institutions of the state to prevent not only discovery of their acts , but also any recourse of people to challenge them .
