  yay . 
  the uk can start discriminating against non-british in 4 years time . 
  yay . 
  the city of london can shelter mnes from financial regulation whilst still giving them access to the markets . 
  yay . 
  the uk does n't have to contribute to programs from which it will benefit . 
  way to go europe for allowing a bunch of xenophobes to fuck you over . 
  off to the ecj we go . 
  what a waste of time . 
  does n't anyone remember the 90s when they tried this ` you must be 18 and prove it with a valid credit card . ', 
  system ? 
  it did n't work then , it wo n't work now . 
  the cat is well and truly out of the bag . 
  porn is so massive and so distributed , they could never hope to contain it . 
  so a guy won the jackpot , and because of it the town has a beer fountain ? 
  that 's a fucking great story !, 
  i had a shite day and this made me feel much better . 
  if i ever get to slovenia , i 'll call down there for a pitcher . 
  this is going to end up in the ecj . 
  credit rating fraud can not be used to get around ecb statutes and due diligence . 
  not only germany , but every bank in greece ought to sue the ecb over this plan if it goes ahead . 
  not familiar . 
  is it any good ? 
  my bet is it pays for itself in the first year if the beer is good . 
  we now know which market has fought the good fight and lost . 
  happy wife , happy life . 
  i agree with this completely . 
  noted . 
  however , i tend to expect that the questions ` who is shooting at us ' and ` where is it coming from ' are the first questions anyone wants to answer . 
  things like returning effective fire hinge on at least confirming where the threat is coming from . 
  if rus is relying on saa/ypg for all its intel and hitting targets based exclusively on it , that 's a mistake in and of itself . 
  easy to exploit this for personal/political gain . 
  easier for these to make a mistake , as appears to have happened here . 
  intel can always be bad . 
  the possibility of bad intel is one of the many reasons why this method of warfighting is antithetical to they type of warfare civilised nations should use . 
  i mean in this case , the accident ( if it was an accident ) ca n't be undone . 
  these civilians are dead based on some analysts presumption , rather than the more traditional way which at least confirms the target before destroying it . 
  if one is to hit a large building , it would have been useful to know what it was and to have confirmation on the ground from your own forces . 
  how hard would it be to figure out it was a hospital ? 
  okay , i would accept that . 
  but it substantiates the point i made about banning signature strikes . 
  thanks , that 's great . 
  i chose a hotel in bratislava ( the loft hotel ) because it has its own microbrewery and beer pub . 
  between the abundance of microbrews , the amazing meat-heavy dishes everywhere , and the bratislava shooting club where i can fire a variety of weapons , it sounds like the perfect holiday . 
  i 'll definitely head to that pub . 
  one missile might be an error or a mistake , but four is deliberate . 
  it 's not like hospitals have n't been intentionally targeted in the past . 
  another reason why signature strikes are terrible policy and should be banned . 
  this is fantastic . 
  had a great time in cz and enjoyed the beer . 
  by any chance you would n't know where to find one for slovakia would you ? 
  i 'm headed to bratislava and beyond in a month or so . 
  entire nation of portugal : we would n't want to be enda kenny . 
  i do n't blame them . 
  we hardly want him either . 
  are you counting vodka as potato ? 
  that 's the first nice thing anyone has said about greece in this sub in a long time . 
   the bank 's asset manager , known as mark , this is exactly what was written . 
  it 's very bad writing . 
  i was being facetious in case it did n't show . 
   the bank 's asset manager , known as mark , i wonder if the author gets paid by the word ? 
  why else give us the manager 's first name ? 
  meanwhile , the bank 's janitor , known as steve , hopes to keep his job and prefers tea with no sugar , but milk , because sugar makes it just too sweet . 
  i do n't disagree , i was just pointing out what op claimed . 
  op claims being gay in the soviet union was much preferable to being gay in many other places , and the lenin supported gay lifestyles to an extent . 
  or at least tolerated . 
  haha . 
  two reasons i can think of : a ) the communist ideology suppressed a lot of traditional cultural views , aka religious or conservative views . 
  in the absence of that suppression , traditional views have a space to return . 
  b ) as a reaction to the brutality of former communism . 
  a lot of e european nations who were under the yoke of communism are particularly sensitive to the left -- as it reminds them of what happened to them historically . 
  it 's a case of throwing the baby out with the bathwater -- but the scars are still there . 
  it would be the same thing to ask germans to analyse the national socialist ( nazi ) party and to consider if any of their policies made life better comparatively . 
  even if it were true , taking even a step in that direction would be seen as re-embracing the whole of the evil that was nazi germany . 
  recapitalising db would be state aid . 
  why do you think the germans can do it , but the italians ca n't ? 
  some of the pigs are not in recession . 
  one of them is the fastest growing economy in europe . 
  where are you from in europe where marx has any real influence ? 
  before i hand over the citations you could easily find via google , by searching ` varoufakis and greece 90 % of loands went back to lenders ' , which varoufakis said over and over in the media , just wondering something ... 
  if greece did n't use the money to pay back lenders they owed money , what exactly did they use it for ? 
  your citations are [ here ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/greece-crisis-how-has-greece-spent-its-money-and-who-does-it-still-owe-2428bn-to-10355847.html?icn=puff-1 ) and [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/interview-with-greek-finance-minister-giannis-varoufakis-a-1018443.html ) . 
  you guys are both kind of shooting past each other . 
  americans making more than 10.8 k per year in usd equivalent must file a compulsory tax return in both the us and their resident country , which makes the us , besides eritrea , the only country that believes it should have extra-territorial rights to tax , which is overreach number 1 . 
  but , of course feie exists in order to prevent americans from being doubly taxed , meaning that unless one earns more than 100.8 k usd , there 's no additional tax implications . 
  not that it is ethical at all for the us to levy any taxes at all on money earned somewhere else and subject to other tax laws , because it is n't . 
  that 's overreach no 2 . 
  then we come to fatca and the fbar requirements . 
  both of which put undue pressure on foreign institutions and law abiding ( in the nations in which they are resident ) us nationals . 
  for some reason , the us congress feel they should be able to essentially force foreign institutions to turn over information about their american clients without regard for local laws . 
  a relationship that is a bank account by an american in a foreign country is a relationship between three entities : the bank , the us customer , and the government of the resident nation . 
  the us government has no business trying to insert itself into this relationship . 
  that 's overreach no 3 . 
  and the knock-on effect is pretty significant : there are financial institutions in many places that will not allow resident us nationals to open accounts or purchase financial products . 
  imagine having a job that pays electronically , but few banks allowing a person to have a bank account in which to receive it . 
  or having a pension arrangement in a foreign country subject to local pension laws , but companies servicing it either penalising pension contributions or refusing to open an account . 
  or refusing to facilitate the purchase of items like annuities that are core products for retirement , potentially stranding the money of retirees . 
  all because the us is using these kinds of high penalty laws as tacit blackmail to get what it wants , which is overreach no 4 . 
  just let people pay taxes in the place they live and work and this wo n't be a problem . 
  the us approach is clearly the issue .
