  guys do n't seem to understand that the ecj has not given an opinion . 
  so it is not clear . 
  no matter what people think . 
  also remember that when the ussr split , there were a lot of successor states . 
  all or some of them have an equal claim . 
  but ... just to speculate here , but if this issue was so open and shut , so clear and simple , then it should have been an easy thing for the ecj to give an opinion when they were asked . 
  instead , because the issue is unclear and complex , and because they did n't want to be drawn into the political arguments proponents of one side or other were making , they declined . 
  it 's important that we remember this . 
  there can be any number of successor states . 
  consider all the successor states of the ussr . 
   i 'm sorry but scotland as the successor state to the uk is patently ridiculous * in my opinion * . 
  ftfy . 
  your opinion is noted . 
  also , any time someone calls someone else 's opinion ` ridiculous ' on the internet , i almost always disregard . 
  it 's always said by people so convinced of their own views that they can not objectively evaluate anybody else 's . 
  this is a situation that has never happened before , and must be clarified or tested by a court . 
  by the way , ireland claimed successor state privilege when it declared independence from great britain . 
  within that privilege , it claimed the right to uphold or discard individual treaties on a case-by-case basis . 
  there is precedent in that aspect . 
  however , whether this can occur within the framework of the eu or not is unclear . 
  that is a matter for the ecj . 
  definitely not from spain who has an interest in denying the claim . 
  i do n't care much for newspapers and their views . 
  they would change their tune in a heartbeat once speculation becomes reality . 
  the only people who matter are the ecj . 
  everybody else is opining . 
  they would assert that within the eu they are a successor state and thus are entitled to membership without needing to utilise the new applicant procedures . 
  and they would have to formalise the eu laws they already meet from the uk law into scottish law , which they could easily do . 
  they would have to commit to introducing the euro at some future unspecified point they may actually never get to as well . 
  there is a difference between the ec 's position , the eu 's legal position ( which would come from the ecj ) , and the opinion of the ec rep to the uk . 
  even if 1 and 3 are the same opinion , they are n't 2 . 
  likewise , the ec is a party to negotiations over what is shaping up to be a very bitter exit for the uk . 
  which means they are an interested , and heavily biased party . 
  also the ec can be wrong , and would get no favouratisim in the ecj , which is where the matter would be resolved . 
  highly misleading headline . 
  what is known about an independent scotland and the eu has not changed . 
   jacqueline minor , the european commission 's head of representation in the uk , said scotland would need to formally apply after leaving the uk , this is not an official legal opinion of the eu . 
  also , minor has a dog in the fight . 
   minor said the commission 's position on scottish membership had not changed since the independence referendum in 2014 , when it repeatedly said scotland could not automatically take up separate membership just because it was part of an existing member state . 
  no , guardian , the ec never said this . 
  it declined explicitly to offer a legal opinion . 
  a few senior officials gave their personal opinions . 
   `` the position in scotland has n't changed , '' minor said . 
  there is a clear process for any applicant country under article 49 of the european treaties . 
  `` that would also apply to scotland . 
  if scotland became an independent country i think article 49 is the normal starting point , '' she said . 
  this is the matter in dispute , and this is her opinion . 
  scotland disagrees . 
  and everybody else is kicking it around like a political football and blaming the other guy . 
  until an ecj official legal opinion is released , or even an official ec legal opinion surfaces , the matter is not resolved . 
  people in the ec talk too much , especially those with a dog in the brexit fight . 
  a trade surplus and a current account surplus are not the same thing . 
  this discussion is about a current account surplus . 
  what i can say is that you 're reading an interpreting the agreement one way , and both max schrems and the lead mep for privacy issues in the eu interpret it very differently . 
  they wrote an op-ed in our national newspaper [ privacy shield : the new eu rules on transatlantic data sharing will not protect you ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/opinion/privacy-shield-the-new-eu-rules-on-transatlantic-data-sharing-will-not-protect-you-1.2719018 ) . 
  i would draw your attention to this specifically :  not only does the final privacy shield use the exact same wording on mass surveillance laws as safe harbor , but the us now even admits that it will continue to collect personal data stemming from europe in bulk . 
  now i have not read the entire agreement , nor would i. 
  given a number of factors , i am content to trust schrems et al. 
  screms took on the entire safe harbor agreement and won ; the ruling demands equivalency that is not met ; and mass-surveillance laws are still in place . 
  fisa still exists . 
  what we got back from the deal was an ombusdsman and a promise . 
  but it seems we hold different opinions about what privacy shield does and does not do , so i will have to agree to disagree . 
  i think you 're confusion lays in what was actually included in the agreement . 
  the key is that even article 29 working party said ` the new agreement is better than the last one , but we 're still concerned it does n't meet the standards set by the ecj . ', 
  in any case , the ecj will ultimately decide it . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what you 're getting at here . 
   therefore fisa applies only to data that did n't reach the us through the privacy shield . 
  incorrect . 
  fisa requests apply to any provider who has a server on us soil . 
  if , for example , the nsa files a fisa request on fb looking for communications relating to some eu citizen , it makes absolutely no difference where the data came from . 
  if fb us has it , they must provide it . 
  the question of whether fb could be made to get data stored on an eu server through one of their subsidiaries would likely be decided by the supreme court in the us . 
  given that now two different federal district courts have disagreed about what form a warrant can take . 
  in any case , data is not separated into data that came from privacy shield and data that did not . 
  that 's what i meant when i said that protections are not essentially equivalent . 
  the us did not guarantee that it would cease all mass-surveillance activities . 
  it guaranteed that it would not utilise this data unless it had a good reason . 
  targeted use of data is what the assurance the us provided said . 
  and in any case , prism was about more than fisa requests . 
  it was the allegation leaked by e.s. 
  which stated clearly that the nsa had access directly to fb , google , ms , apple , etc servers , and could grab anything they wanted , any time . 
  of course this has been denied . 
  however , the programme was confirmed to be real , and there is no reason at present to doubt the validity of e.s. 
  's claims . 
  thus schrems and his lawsuit , which was based on the notion that any data that fb eu sends to fb us is going to be intercepted by prism . 
  given that we do not have this assurance , the initial issue that brought down safe harbor remains . 
  it 's a nice post . 
  it 's thoughtful . 
  let me see if i can comment on some of the important things , and maybe we can achieve some clarity . 
   your consent is key here : if the privacy policy says you allow it and you clicked on accept , your data is not covered by any safe harbor , shield or whatever . 
  this relates to the use of scc or eula agreements . 
  the issue with them is that consent must be freely given , unambiguous , and directly relate what a user is consenting to . 
  the mass-surveillance programmes in the us currently do not operate under overt recognition . 
  by that i mean the us government does not officially acknowledge the programmes exist or that they are collecting user data . 
  how can a user be asked to consent to programmes that are legally only allegations ? 
  likewise , there is an issue around whether or not any consent would be freely given . 
  remember that all companies in the reach of us law are subject to receipt of nsls or fisa requests . 
  as a result , all companies would need to add a clause to their eula which would state explicitly that users consent to them turning over data to the us government under us law . 
  but the problem with that is that it would force users into two choices : consent or be cut off from service . 
  it is doubtful that a court would look at this as ` freely given consent ' .
