  if you were then going to refute the idea that the eu is really a german policy experiment , you would need to address why italy should n't be able to solve its banking crisis in the way that it feels is the most appropriate . 
  i honestly do not see the eu reaching any meaningful reform . 
  the problem seems to be that what people consider ` reform ' differs , because different countries have very different views and values . 
  in fact , the conflict is i think really between a german ` black zero ' neo-liberal approach that preaches austerity , and a peripheral approach that is less about the moral hazard and more about the social aspect of the economy and a priority to put people first . 
  i do n't know if those two are reconcilable , which is why i am deeply worried about the future of the eu . 
  what reform process ? 
  all of the attention seems to be focused on the uk , what it should do next ( and hurry up doing ) , and how everyone ought to respond to the uk . 
  i do n't see any big plans for change in europe . 
  the author was talking about ` relaunching the eu ' , for example . 
  where are the statements indicating that now the eu can not go on as it has , and must choose a new direction ? 
  where is the acknowledgment that everything is now different than it was , and the old ways are inadequate ? 
  ironically , it 's the glacial pace of acceptance , and the lack of ability to provide an inspiring vision for the future of the eu that are at the heart of why the british left . 
  and now , after their decision , it is * still * missing . 
  the item you are worried about :  ` what if she manages to accelerate the reform process , but the eu falls apart while such reforms are still getting approved ? ', 
  is likely to become a self-fulfilling prophecy if concerns about further disintegration create the conditions that make further disintegration a reality . 
  no , from what i read about this and have seen before , the issue is pretty straightforward . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by ` requests assets ' , as this is not the kind of language we would use in the it community . 
  what is happening here is that webpages across the internet can embed fb 's ` like ' and ` share ' buttons in their webpages . 
  those buttons are actually hosted on the fb server , not on the server that is hosting the webpage that is being viewed . 
  when the user browser navigates to that url , part of the get request also contains instructions to request the information from fb 's server , which would then return the files associated with the ` like ' and ` share ' button , as well as to facilitate forward communication to register the results of a user pushing the ` like ' or ` share ' button . 
  the problem is that the fb server ( actually the application , not the server per se ) registers some metadata information about the user via the user 's browser . 
  as you mention that can include the ip address of the requesting user , cookies , plug-ins , and other values . 
  this information is then stored in fb 's data persistence layer . 
  the problem arises when users navigate to more than one page with those or other buttons embedded . 
  using and cross-referencing the stored data , fb can construct a map of the user 's browsing history , and from that history make many inferences about the user 's likes , preferences , interests , etc , and hand that information over to advertisers or anybody else willing to pay for it . 
  in that sense , actually , the browsing habits and information relating to users is being tracked , as if there were a fb representative standing on every street corner recording information about who passes by on that street . 
  to complete the analogy , those reps later have a meeting and compare notes to see if they have encountered the same person as another rep. then they know who went where . 
  the ruling is not a confirmation that data privacy and protection is at stake ( it is ) , but a rejection to hear the case based on jurisdiction . 
  the same users who filed this case in belgium would be able to , and likely have standing , to file a complaint with our data protection commissioner , and should she fail to do something about it ( likely ) file a case in the irish high court to be adjudicated . 
  the only difference there would be that irish data protection laws would be the relevant statutes , and those might not be as stringent as the ones in belgium ( also likely ) . 
  but , of course the matter can also be referred to the ecj by either the ihc or the plaintiff ( on appeal ) . 
  in fact , given the penchant for not wanting to make waves , a case would likely be referred anyway . 
  not really . 
  the answer to my question is : there is no valid basis by which something like that would be worthy of a downvote . 
  saying there has always been a dominant opinion does not justify downvoting competing opinions . 
  even if it 's always been this way . 
  nor is it okay to tacitly accept that behaviour . 
  i did n't blame the eu for causing the war in syria , or the conflict in ukraine . 
  i did n't blame the eu for the refugee crisis . 
  i blamed the eu for how it * handled * the eu crisis , among others . 
  which is also congruent with the mass amount of r/europe redditors who filled the sub to the brim with criticism of the eu of their own . 
  no , there are people vehemently downvoting anything that disagrees with the narrative that the leave campaign is full of stupid voters , and that there was no merit to the brexit vote . 
  or that brexit does n't mean an immediate financial apocalypse for the uk . 
  r/europe has absolutely no problem downvoting valid counterarguments and people who challenge the hive mind . 
  on what basis would something like this be worthy of a downvote ? 
  they 're not moving anything . 
  that 's what they 're saying . 
  i understand your point , but i disagree . 
  by definition , scotland would be a successor state . 
  as the result of brexit , the uk as it is now composed would likely cease to exist . 
  should , for example , scotland leave , and ni return to ireland ( or go independent ) , the state that is the uk would have become a remnant , even where it keeps the same name . 
  the question of whether a successor state retains the membership of the parent state from which it derives has not been settled in the eu , nor has it been tested in an eu court . 
  the un and the eu are different entities with different rules , btw . 
  and actually the ( r ) uk can not both be a successor state and the continuator state . 
  by definition it is the latter , as scotland would be the new state ( successor ) and ( r ) uk would be the remnant ( continuator ) . 
  there is precedent to indicate that a successor state does not automatically inherit the memberships and status of its parent state . 
  however , note the following from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/succession_of_states ) :  ireland [ edit ]  ireland , then called the irish free state , seceded from the united kingdom in 1922 . 
  the new state took the view that when a new state comes into being which formerly formed part of an older state , its acceptance or otherwise of the treaty relationships of the older state is a matter for the new state to determine by express declaration or by conduct -- in the case of each individual treaty . 
  [ 6 ] in practice , however , the irish regarded the commercial and administrative treaties of the united kingdom previously applying to the territory of the irish free state as remaining in force . 
  [ 7 ] this among other exceptions to the rule . 
  so there are in fact exceptions , my own country being one of them . 
  while it predates the eu , at the same time it is also a historical artifact from a current eu state , which would give it some merit . 
  especially since the action that drove the change in circumstances was against scotland 's express democratic will . 
  and i am replying to you that the uk is n't alone in being granted concessions in the past . 
  and that concessions do n't make the uk a special case that means the situation can be ignored now . 
  you ca n't have a system built on compromises ( which is what the eu is ) in the guise of consensus , then complain when some state has a lot of them under its belt . 
  in fact , that the eu would be willing to give so many opt-outs should be reason for concern to you about the eu itself . 
  and about the value of the uk . 
  why would the eu give so many to any country ? 
  and why were so many necessary ? 
  maybe because there is a greater political and economic dependency than you are willing to admit ? 
  and maybe because the eu policy runs afoul of views and preferences between member states repeatedly ? 
  and do you think it was good or proper for eu member states to have been able to receive them at all ? 
  if not , then do you think it 's possible to have any orthodoxy without exceptions being made for the greater good ? 
  i agree with you that what is at stake is a core principle . 
  i just wonder how much value it has to you , and if the eu are prepared for the worst case scenario in its own economy when it decides . 
  opt-outs are part and parcel to the eu . 
  i 'm not sure why you are fixating on them . 
  opt-outs are how the eu gets people to agree to things they would otherwise reject . 
  many states have them . 
  imagine an eu where nobody has any opt-outs . 
  how many treaties would have been passed ? 
  how many rules would have been implemented ? 
  how many states do you think would actually be , or still be , in the eu ? 
  would you prefer that states refuse to sign things the do n't 100 % agree with instead ? 
  that is clearly whataboutery , and shifting the goal posts . 
  i never made the eu responsible the cause of all crises . 
  i only claimed that it has continually mishandled them . 
  nice try though . 
  i do n't think the 100k is too much . 
  i am actually okay with their being a limit to the liability insurance offered by the government . 
   customers also need to realize that as long as banks are commercial they 're at risk of losing money they have at that bank . 
  this is where i think it goes wrong . 
  in the old days banks were * prohibited * from making market investments with depositors ' money . 
  that is to say there was a partition between a commercial bank and an investment bank . 
  in that system , the only cause for bank insolvency would have been poorly performing loans or overlending . 
  the exposure to the wider market would have been much more limited , and in general there was n't the idea that the bank 's investments could sour thus leading to depositors losing their money . 
  consider that in an investment bank , it 's absolutely clear to anyone who has their money there what it is being used for . 
  and it 's absolutely clear that there is risk that the bank might fail , the money might be lost , or both . 
  it 's priced into the coupon the bank has to pay investors for the use of their money .
