  i 'm no expert either , but i think the opposite . 
  i think there 's a pretty good claim to being a successor state to the uk within the eu . 
  but it will depend precisely on the treaties . 
  my country took this kind of approach when it declared independence -- basically saying that it could pick and choose on a case-by-case basis which obligations it would keep of the obligations the uk had agreed to . 
  although within the eu system , i could see scotland asserting the same kind of right . 
  the question would be whether there is legal ground to support this or not , and i 'm not sure . 
  but that seems to be the understanding sturgeon and the snp have , so someone must have told them it was possible at least in theory . 
   a return to drachma without mutual agreement was becoming increasingly more likely , and in that case the situation would not be temporary . 
  it might be crazy , but maybe the ecb should wait until that situation happens before acting like it has . 
  the ecb helped make the possibility of grexit more likely by acting the way it did . 
  not less likely . 
   their mandate is not to be a lender of last resort , so they were perfectly within their mandate to stop incresing the elas . 
  and if they do , and the greek banking system collapses , both items ( stability of the euro , market access by target2 banks ) are both violated . 
  in other words the ecb has a responsibility to act to uphold its mandate whether it is lender of last resort or not . 
  failure to act is negligence in that regard . 
   if the ecb believes this to not be the case , it can not by its own rules provide more elas . 
  i understand what you 're saying . 
  but at no point was there ever an indication the problem was n't temporary . 
  the problem was caused by the negotiations , and would end with the negotiations . 
  the possibility of grexit as an outcome is something everybody was worried about -- but the point being with regard to it that by playing the ` little by little ' ela game the ecb created what could have been a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  i can not think of a single reason why the governors should n't have just put out a statement saying ` we will support the cbg and the greek banks as long as they are solvent . 
  customers should know that the ecb will protect the banking system . ', 
  i mean if reducing panic and uncertainty in the banking system are n't a chief responsibility of the ecb , i do n't know what is . 
  and instead , what the ecb actually did was to * contribute * to instability and fears of banking collapse . 
   why else did the gcb have to institute capital controls ? 
  because there was massive capital flight , and banking customers in greece were trying to pull everything they could out of atms . 
  and this was happening because everyone was afraid they 'd lose their money . 
  a statement of reassurance from the ecb and the cbg that money would be protected would have gone a long way . 
   but the ecb is sadly not obliged to help by it 's mandate , unless in doing so it causes its mandate to be violated . 
   i know , but it would also imply a considerably bigger control of greek public finances by the german electorate , since it implies a common budget and taxation system . 
  i 'm sure that if the plan involved fixing all the greek problems , the greeks and their government would be happy to hand over control to the germans at this point . 
  personally , i 'm not sure why tsipras is still trying to fight . 
  if i were he , and the greek govt , i 'd simply pass a law that says that anything the troika demands will automatically become law . 
  and then i 'd sit down and do nothing . 
  if everything goes tits up , and there 's hardship and chaos , everybody knows precisely who is to blame . 
  the whole excuse of ` greek govt just wo n't complete the programme it is supposed to ' would evapourate and the true results of the demands would be clear . 
   the ecb is the bad guy , and everything happened because of them the criticism is that the ecb inserted itself into a political showdown as a party , on the side of the troika , against greece . 
  and that it used its power to create leverage against greece to give up and comply . 
   this whole problem is the fault of the institutional framework of the eurozone itself . 
  no argument there . 
   the ecb was already going way above what the elas were supposed to be i disagree . 
   there were already threats of taking the issue to the ecj , to force the ecb to stop increasing the elas `` illegally '' . 
  i wish this had happened . 
   that does not shield them from the consequences of that situation though . 
  but the ecb * is * there ultimately to shield the banks from problems that are outside their control . 
  in a fractional reserve system , ela is a necessity . 
   that is impossible though as these negotitations are directly affecting the banks and the overall stability of the euro area . 
  it 's called scope . 
  the remit of the ecb and the actions it can take are scoped . 
  the negotiations are outside the scope of the ecb . 
  the relevant question for the ecb is ` is the banking system solvent or not ? ' . 
  the answer was ` yes . ', 
   i do believe that the stability of the euro was at least threatened . 
  and the solution to that threat is not to allow banks in the target2 system to have their solvency ultimately threatened by illiquidity secondary to bank run . 
  i would disagree with a lot of your conclusions :  the ecb has no power to force greece to close its banks , actually . 
  not an item that is in dispute . 
  the mandate to close banks was indirectly caused by the ecb however . 
   `` temporary '' is the keyword here . 
  the situation was temporary . 
  it was intermittently caused by the negotiations . 
  assuming the negotiations ended , it should also resolve . 
   it is important to stress that the ecb is not the lender of last resort , if the ecb is not the lender of last resort , who is ? 
   elas are not a right , and rely on a majority decision by the ecb council of governors . 
  not relevant . 
  the ecb and its governors have a mandate to uphold and their actions should be guided by it , whether it is a ` right ' or not . 
  in a fractional reserve system , ela is an absolute necessity . 
   if it does not find it credible that the liquidity problem is only temporary , on the other hand , what basis is there for assuming the problem was not temporary ? 
   the ecb did not have a mandate to increase the ela as far as it did in the first place . 
  if the ecb is going to provide ela , it should provide all the necessary ela . 
  if it does not believe that ela should be provided ( or that the cb involved fails to meet the criteria ) then it should not provide any ela . 
  there 's no basis for providing just a little ela , or going halfway to fixing the problem . 
  doing so caused political escalation . 
  greek banks were solvent when cbg asked for help . 
   the economic conditions in greece ... were no fault of the ecb . 
  nor were they the fault of the cbg or the banks themselves . 
   it 'd need a fiscal union to support it . 
  ironically a fiscal union would result in the transfer of wealth to greece that greece was looking for through debt relief . 
  if the germans do n't want any more responsibility to foot the bill for greece , they should avoid a fiscal union because that 's exactly what would happen . 
   do you really dispute that the decision reached by the troika and the greek government would not have affected the greek banks ? 
  of course it would have affected the banks . 
  my point is that the banks did n't cause the situation that they were in . 
  other people did ( the greek govt and the troika ) . 
  the ecb 's role is to protect the banks from harm that is not self-inflicted . 
  that was the situation in greece . 
   the ecb reacted to the greek government fliritng with a possible grexit with letting the negotiations fail . 
  the ecb should not have been involved in or reacting to the negotiations at all !, 
  their focus should have been only on the greek banks , and stabilising them from the danger they were in . 
   the ecb should not be liable to blackmail . 
  no one was blackmailing the ecb . 
  if you think the ecb was being blackmailed , that confirms the idea of them being a party to the political battle over the bailout . 
   but the ecb can also not engage in state financing and a lot of the actions of the ecb at least come dangerously close to this . 
  not relevant . 
  ela is not state financing . 
   also just because these banks are private entities , that does not shield them from the impact of government decisions . 
  not supporting the banks with needed ela is a violation of the ecb 's core mandate . 
  there 's no valid situation where the ecb could simply refuse to help innocent private banks by pointing to the greek government . 
  making a decision in that way means taking a side in the bailout battle , and that in turn means the ecb stops being independent and becomes a political actor . 
  there 's no mandate for that . 
   and i also think it was in the ecbs interest to have the negotiations not fail . 
  that is not a license to attempt to pressure the greek government into complying with the troika or giving up their demands .
