  guess who 's a worse manipulator of currency than china ? 
  two european countries : germany and switzerland . 
  all the claims that the germans are manipulating the euro for their own benefit are confirmed in a chart . 
  at least in the view of the economist . 
  so if we want to * start * a discussion on how the euro should be valued , across all of the eu member states that use it , we ought to really look at whom its benefiting now . 
  and the answer is not greece , italy , or spain . 
  and then spain and italy are next . 
  a better question is , who exactly do the germans want in the eu ? 
  i would remind you that if kenny and noonan had been as strong a leader as they claimed to be , and had made the demands they told us they would , we might be in a conflict with the eu similar to some extent to the one with greece . 
  yes , but that very small ( 1.5 % ) primary surplus came at great cost , both economically and socially . 
  pushing harder for more will simply turn greece into the wasteland of a failed state . 
  when we say ` insolvent ' , we should really mean insolvent . 
  it does n't mean a higher budget surplus ( by cutting the remaining social services and abandoning the people of greece to their fate ) can solve the problem . 
  greece right now must choose between maintaining some modicum of provision of its domestic obligations and paying external creditors . 
  further cuts to pensions , for example , in order to pay germany and db , pull money out of the pocket of innocent pensioners whose income has been cut 12x already and who are in many cases the breadwinner ( ! ), 
  of the family . 
  while there is also 25 % unemployment and 50 % unemployment for under 25s . 
  and in any case , there is a limit of what even a troika-supporting govt can achieve in greece . 
  it looks like tsipras is at that floor -- pushing harder is likely to result in political implosion and social unrest , which may undermine a democratic system altogether . 
  there are no political alternatives to syriza ( nd et al being the people who caused the problem ) other than golden dawn , and some kind of military junta is not an outlandish concern . 
  the cynical part of me considers that schauble et al know this , and are using the unreasonableness of their demands as a mechanism to push greece out in a way that is politically acceptable -- it will be a greek refusal and greek blame rather than a german demand . 
  if the imf was successfully brought around to this viewpoint ( coalescing around forcing greece out ) then further ` austerity ' demands are simply the mo to get greece out . 
  but i would like to think eu leaders are n't that kind of heartless . 
  because if they are , it really casts doubt over the future of the project and sends a message to all eu members about what happens if there is conflict with leadership . 
  if you were italy or spain , you 'd look at this situation and realise clearly that your standing and membership are more or less conditional on acceptance of whatever terms the germans demand . 
  so in other words , we know greece ca n't grow its way out of the situation , and we know even a budget surplus will not provide the means to service both greek debt and its minimal obligation toward its people . 
  and we know the choice between the two will result in social upheaval in greece if the choice to honour creditors is the one the govt picks . 
  moral hazard is the defining austerity motivation . 
  not balancing the budget . 
  my country is still working with a < 3 % deficit y/y and the market and governance are happy enough to see it go on in perpetuity . 
  as long as the debt can be serviced , it 's considered stable . 
  as long as it stays under the lisbon cap , it 's grand . 
  the problem with greece is that it is being forced to achieve a 3.5 % surplus , which it ca n't do ; will require a bailout again to pay the 10bn payment due in summer , which it ca n't do ; is required to achieve 50bn euros worth of privatisation , which it ca n't do ; and is being asked to ` grow its way out ' of a 25 % gdp contraction , which it ca n't do . 
  i get the sense , however , that as long as greece is provided a way to make its payments to its creditors , nobody really cares about the solvency of the country , or even the effects of austerity in greece . 
  go down to s. america and ask them . 
  or iran . 
  who needs elections when you can overthrow govts directly ? 
  this should have a massive impact on the discussion of privacy rights of european citizens between the eu and the us . 
  those ` assurances ' are worth even less now than they were . 
   you forgot the third option , the u.s. awards it automatically if and when romania meets the normal requirements per u.s. law . 
  the eu can not abide this . 
  it can not turn to romania and say ` sorry , you 're stuck with this problem until they decide to fix it . ', 
  because if they did the romanians would say , ` no problem eu . 
  we 'll just make our own policy until you force them to the table . ', 
   romania brings less to the table than germany . 
  it should expect to get less in return , until it develops more . 
  again , the us does n't get to set the expectations for what any individual eu country deserves . 
  we can have a dispute over two separate expectations , but it 's a bit arrogant to refuse on the basis that your expectation is the only one that is valid . 
   you are saying they would n't have joined the schengen area if it did n't mean visa-free travel to foreign countries ? 
  i 'm saying in addition to the visa free travel internally , countries join schengen to avail of the collective negotiating power of the eu . 
  all countries have the same expectations in this regard . 
  at the risk of being too sarcastic , the problem is that the us refuses to engage with the eu as a whole . 
  it seems so union-averse that even the word ` union ' in european union triggers it . 
   it 's perfectly fair that romania would offer visa-free travel from the u.s. . . while at the same time the u.s. does n't offer visa-free travel from romania a ) why is this fair b ) why should romania or the eu agree with the us view on what is fair ? 
   romania would be acting in its interests to allow visa-free travel from the u.s. even if the u.s. does n't reciprocate . 
  but the eu would not . 
  again , the negotiations are not between the us and countries , they are between the eu and the us . 
   a foreign country could have different entrance standards for different eu countries without any effect on eu border checks . 
  not if they are in schengen . 
  it is really hard for americans it seems to wrap their heads around both the eu and the schengen agreement . 
  that 's not said to be an insult . 
  it just means either a total misunderstanding of what the requirements of the other side are , or a refusal to recognise the point of view of those with whom the us is negotiating . 
  we should , both europeans and americans , be worried about possible deterioration in our relations . 
  this at the same time the us and the eu are increasingly pre-occupied with russia and its agenda . 
  there is a great danger that unless the us changes its laws on privacy , it and its companies will be cut off from the eu markets . 
  and if this whole ruckus about visa-free travel happens , then we 'll be more unable to visit each other as tourists . 
   why does the eu controlling romania 's visa policies require that the eu also control the usa 's visa policies on romania let 's take this situation as an example . 
  it 's a good one . 
  romania accepts american tourists without requiring a visa . 
  it does so because this is the schengen policy on it . 
  so in turn , romania would expect reciprocity in america . 
  in order to achieve reciprocity , there are only two ways to go about it : * either the eu obtains it on behalf of romania * or romania negotiates it for itself the current system only allows for the former at present . 
  if the eu is unwilling to negotiate for romania ( and has the expectation only of how things ought to go within the eu ) , then for romania participation in schengen ( which is a legal obligation ) is less valuable than it would be for germany say , as well as its membership in the eu . 
  the romanian government has a duty toward its citizens , and reciprocal rights with other states is one way that this is expressed . 
  so why should the romanian government give up their right to set their own visa policy with respect to the treatment of their own citizens abroad if they know that the eu is not willing to vindicate them equally ? 
  they would n't . 
  so when you argue that the situation is reasonable , it 's just another way of saying that romania should accept prima facie that visa requirements by the us and an eu who wo n't intervene is the appropriate outcome . 
  it 's a de facto screwing over that no state would accept , especially when it is providing unilateral access that it has no obligation to provide . 
  as far as borders go , the only borders desirable in a schengen area are its external borders . 
  border checks at internal borders are intentionally undesirable . 
  these are the ones which i reference as being an outcome if individual states need to have their own visa arrangements with non-eu states . 
  there 's not really much choice in the matter . 
  if the eu can only guarantee that it will treat schengen members the same , then schengen members will need to set up their own visa deals with non-eu states , which they are prohibited from doing . 
  if each country has its own visa deal , then schengen is undermined and the ability to travel the schengen area implodes because each state will need to make sure every non-eu national entering its territory is captured by its emigration system . 
  and then we have borders again , visa checks , and so forth . 
  whether or not something is ` fair ' is entirely a matter of opinion . 
  i understand yours on the way that us law considers this issue . 
  let me explain things from the eu side . 
  the eu as an institution is the most important legal and executive body in europe . 
  in order to join it , a country must subordinate its own laws and processes to certain eu laws and processes . 
  in the matter of visas and visa-free travel , the eu has a common policy administered through the schengen programme . 
  only two countries ( ireland/uk ) have opt-outs . 
  and in my country 's case , afaik , our visa requirements are in line with the eus even though we opt out . 
  that opt out is honestly to maintain the common travel area with the uk and thus to preserve peace in northern ireland . 
  all other countries , including the ones the us currently enforces visas on , have an obligation to join schengen . 
  26 are currently members , and the others are in process and being given time to carry out the implementation . 
  the point being that the determination of visa requirements is done by eu for the whole of schengen . 
  no schengen country sets its own individual policy -- this is necessary in order to remove the need for border checks . 
  a schengen visa is applicable to any and all schengen states for its entire duration . 
  eu states participating in schengen naturally have an expectation that what applies to one schengen state applies to another .
