  it 's sad when the far right is the only defender left . 
  these are separate issues entirely . 
  the specific issues being addressed are european data flows being sent to the us where us companies are under legal obligation to turn them over to the nsa . 
  those are the ones that are illegal under safeharbor and will be illegal under privacyshield . 
  in terms of intelligence agencies , mass data collection is illegal for them too . 
  fundamental rights apply to all parties in the eu equally . 
  however , specific , targeted intelligence gathering is still legal and is subject to each member state 's policies . 
  however , it should be noted that the data protection laws in each state are now vulnerable to challenge as to whether or not they meet ecj standards . 
  member state intelligence laws thus are covered under the ruling . 
  i ca n't speak to intelligence sharing because i do n't know how much of that is happening or whether it 's a large problem or not . 
  i 'm most focused on the immediate battle ahead . 
  by the way , however , people in europe are not happy to ignore eu intelligence agencies . 
  intelligence agencies in most states are untouchable by the general public -- it 's only because es put the us into the spotlight and told everyone about 5 eyes that people are starting to object to the whole system . 
  it takes time to reverse a change that was quietly building in the background . 
  it wo n't happen at once , and the most powerful ally is the ecj , which runs on its own schedule entirely . 
  it wo n't matter what they pledge . 
  privacyshield is going straight back to the ecj where it will be utterly defeated . 
  nobody was fooled by how far short it falls in meeting the ecj 's explicit instructions , or how the eu negotiator played it up like she 'd won some big concession . 
  more like was afraid to rumple us feathers . 
  yes , like christmas but without that certain uncle ... 
  good food , great beer , good prices , beautiful women , what 's to miss there ? 
  in their defense , if i were in argentina , you would never see me eating anything else . 
  they have some of the best steak in the world . 
  czechs itt should be proud . 
  you 've a well-beloved pub on your hands . 
  we have a lot of reformed alcoholics , and they are mostly gracious enough to go to pubs with everyone else . 
  but in situations where you are hanging out for awhile , sometimes you want to choose a less overtly alcoholic place , that way they do n't have to feel increasingly uncomfortable as everyone else around them partakes . 
  ever been the sober one in a pub full of locked people ? 
  it 's hard duty , and friends know to pick places easier to handle sometimes . 
  and people would know what you meant if you asked that question in that way . 
  sound . 
  i will have a look through it . 
  it 'll make someone 's day who is worried about eating eggs for an entire week . 
  and salad . 
  lol , yes , it 's possible !, 
  you ca n't close the sea unfortunately . 
  unless you recommend them to drown ? 
  they paid for this name from a consultancy company iirc . 
  i 'm partly ( kind of ) joking . 
  somewhere else in this thread , a bunch of vegetarian restaurants are featured . 
  we actually have the highest number of teetotalers in europe . 
  everybody knows someone who does n't drink because they used to go mad when they did . 
  sometimes you need to find a place to go where it 's not a pub because it 's less awkward . 
  first trip to prague , took a female colleague with me . 
  not sure whether she 'll like any of the places , but she gets on grand . 
  later i ask her , ` so which place was your favourite ? ', 
  she says ' u fleku , because i did n't ever order anything . 
  they just kept coming and giving me beers and shots until i told them to go away . ', 
  had a good chuckle about that one . 
  i paid the bill , and she did n't realise they were keeping a tally on the table with the number she had , and that every time she accepted another drink , down went another tick mark . 
  still she loves the place . 
  i will remember these the next time i 'm in prague . 
  do you happen to have any to recommend in bratislava ? 
  i 'll be there in a few weeks for work , and we have several vegetarian colleagues . 
  i 'll be a hero if i have good recommendations beyond google . 
  a while ago , a vegetarian teetotaler friend of mine says he 's going to prague for a conference and wants recommendations of where he should go for food . 
  now this creates a problem : every place i went was full of beer and copious amounts of meat ( as it should be ) . 
  i ca n't think of anywhere . 
  so i ask my good friend who is czech . 
  i say , ` hey , mikal , i need some advice on restaurants and pubs in prague . ', 
  he gets excited . 
  i say ` right , i need a restaurant for a person who does n't drink . ', 
  he looks confused , but in ireland he 's gotten used to it . 
  he says ` eh , i know a few places with nice food . 
  there is a famous restaurant down by the castle . ', 
  i say , ` oh that sounds nice , but it must have vegetarian food too . 
  he does n't eat meat or drink alcohol . ', 
  a look of pure horror passes over mikal 's face . 
  like i killed his puppy . 
  i see this pleading look like ` this has to be a joke . 
  tell me it 's a joke . ', 
  i just shake my head . 
  he sighs . 
  he says ` this is forbidden ' , turns , and walks away . 
  two days later he emails and says he ca n't think of anywhere . 
  captain p\u00e1lenka !, 
  does someone need assistance ? 
  this is a terrible comment to support much less repost . 
  people who believe this are seriously misinformed , about almost everything . 
  first , it 's * not * socialist . 
  not socialist at all : by definition , by practise , by intent . 
  nothing about taxation or social safety nets are socialist . 
  social democracy ! = socialism . 
  social democracy is capitalism with a warm shoulder to cry on and a smile on its face . 
  second , the claim that it 's all about importing consumers is eh ... far-fetched . 
  considering that integration efforts in many ( if not most ) parts of the system are total failures , expecting migrants to turn into happy little starbucks consumers is unreasonable . 
  if that was really the desired end-state , concentrated slums and parallel societies would not be present . 
  the first step to getting people integrated is not allowing them to live separately . 
  third , i do support the idea that it 's growth above all , and at all costs -- but it 's not on the back of migrants that it is to happen . 
  fourth , merkel is entirely misguided , and she 's entirely wrong in how she is going about dealing with the refugee situation . 
  maybe it 's even out of the kindness of her heart . 
  but merkel is not an economic genius , and this is a bizarre plan . 
  schauble would not even support such a plan . 
  if creating more customers was the desire , it can be achieved in two ways that do n't amount to ` cultural suicide ' : raising wages in germany to create domestic demand , and/or dealing with debt in southern europe . 
  i 'm sure that whomever wrote this conspiracy theory would prefer to have germans or europeans as customers versus syrians and n. africans . 
  finally , this rambling narrative entirely conflates economic and social issues that in practise have been miles apart . 
  when schauble was in brussels dealing with the greek situation , the absolute last thing that was on his mind and in his heart is the humanitarian or social ramifications of his economic choices . 
  he did not shed a tear for all of the pensioners starving slowly to death or the families who became utterly dependent upon them because there were no jobs . 
  not a single piece of the recommended policy changes were designed to support the greek economy , they were designed to ensure money got paid into german bank accounts , and to throw open the doors to german and eu investors looking to buy assets at fire sale prices . 
  if anyone thought that social considerations ( of the value of human life ) were important , greece spelled it out .
