  thanks and have a good day . 
  no problem . 
  but what was it exactly that gave modern spain the right to refuse the traditional spanish monarchy or to form a constitution after franco 's death , a la transici\u00f3n ? 
  it 's the values that underpin the will to democracy that i 'm talking about , even if you do n't want to countenance them . 
   they do not have a fundamental right to decide anything . 
  a referendum about the secession of a region from the rest of spain is expressly banned in our constitution . 
  they have the only right . 
  if the constitution says otherwise , it is invalid . 
   you are just trashing our most important law and the base of our democracy by implying it does n't mean shit because some catalans disagree with it i 'm not . 
  you act like this situation is new under the sun . 
  it 's not . 
  there are plenty of modern constitutions that have conflicts with their natural rights foundations . 
  likewise , it 's a bit rich for modern nations who claim natural rights as the basis upon which to defy the order of the day ( usually divine right ) to then turn around and deny the same to others . 
  if those principles that allowed people of those nations to defy their rulers and laws are valid , then they do n't just apply in retrospect . 
   sorry to use this expression but you do n't know shit about the situation in here ... campaigns . 
  it 's not because i have some opinion about the pro-independence groups . 
  i said it was arrogant because you 're claiming that people are incapable of coming to their own conclusions because they 're stupid and therefore you need to make their minds up for them . 
  that is arrogant . 
   i 'm tired and i do n't feel like mentioning hart 's works and dworkin 's responses , or that iusnaturalism is n't better than legal positivism honestly , i only care about this issue inasmuch as i think enforcing one 's will upon people who may not want it is wrong , and also because oppressing the referendum simply means it will happen anyway but under more chaotic terms . 
  i do n't want a situation where it passes with a big majority but people refuse to participate because they say it 's invalid , and then the seeds are sown for violence . 
  put the matter to rest using available means and ensuring respect for the integrity of the process . 
   you definitely do n't know a lot about the issue . 
  which issue ? 
  the one in spain or the matter of natural law ? 
  i know enough about the former , and a * lot * about the latter . 
   support for independence is the lowest in years . 
  all the more reason to let the vote happen . 
  does n't seem like much of a downside for madrid to look the other way . 
   it 's just the result of some politicians who used independence to mask their incompetence in office , and managed to brainwash a handful of people . 
  this is arrogance . 
   the constitution does n't apply to natural law . 
  what ? 
  i ca n't parse this statement . 
   as a matter of fact , it is acknowledged by most experts as a middle ground between naturalism and legal positivism . 
  that natural law should fall between hobbes 's ` state of nature ' and rousseau 's ` social contract ' is not in dispute . 
  this statement is irrelevant . 
   constitutional mandates should not be easily modified , since it 's the structure of democracy and freedom . 
  true , but irrelevant . 
  the matter in dispute is not whether to modify a constitution , but instead about whether to remain subject to a constitution or not . 
  these are different things . 
   madrid has therefore only one choice , abide the law and the rule of the constitution . 
  catalans have two choices : be a spaniard or go somewhere else . 
  sure , no problem . 
  and the catalans are deciding which of those to do . 
  my point is that they have a fundamental right to make that decision for themselves irrespective of what the spanish constitution says . 
  no , you have it backwards . 
  you should study the natural law philosophy that gives rise to the idea of constitutions and rights . 
  specifically , principles of natural law , including the right to self-determination and the right to free association , are what form the basis of democracy , not the other way around . 
  if the spanish constitution in other words denies those rights to the people of catalonia , then it is invalid . 
  catalans , and basques , and indeed spanish , have a right to decide for themselves with whom they will be in a union and to secede from that union if they so desire . 
  so madrid has a choice : they can support that right and allow the matter to be democratically decided , or they can receive a unilateral declaration that is just , though it is inconvenient . 
  at that point , only force ( violence ) will be able to resolve the problem . 
  aka spanish civil war 2.0 . 
  all those people who think ` spanish government and spanish constitution , end of ' are people who are cheering the destabilising of the country and the onset of violence . 
  given the numbers coming out about independence in catalan , rajoy would be smart to legalise the referendum and then to push people to let their voice be heard . 
  written on 20 march , 2017 . 
  outdated article . 
   i 'd suggest you to carefully read what is written here . 
  from the linked resource :  individual ncbs ' series are netted figures . 
  they represent total target claims netted against total target liabilities , where positive values represent a net ncb claim on the ecb and negative values a net ncb liability . 
  the ecb figures represent the ecb 's target balances netted vis-\u00e0-vis all the ncbs participating in the target system . 
  this is * exactly * what i described . 
   when the ecb purchases securities , like government bonds , it adds the relative sum to the liabilities side of the ncb balance sheet exactly . 
  what you appear to be doing here is mistaking signs ( + / - ) . 
  if we think of a liability as a negative sign , then adding a credit ( a positive sign ) results in * less * liability . 
  ( -150 + 50 = -100 ) if on the other hand , we think of a liability as a positive sign , then the value of the credit is * negative * . 
  ( 150-50 = 100 )  to put it another way , central banks can buy bonds with money creation , and so they become creditors twice : as a bond owner , and as a lender to buy those bonds . 
  kind of . 
  the key word is * buy * . 
  buy implies a transfer of money . 
  specifically , the ecb can create money by reducing the liability of the ncb in question in its ecb account and takes the equivalent bond onto its balance sheet as an asset . 
  the situation you 're describing is one in which the ecb gains a bond onto its asset sheet but the ncb also gains an increased liability as well ( a liability to the ecb ) . 
  it should have a decreased liability instead . 
  to put another way , it 's like if i sell you my car , but rather than paying me the money , you instead * charge * me . 
  so you end up with both the car and the money ( the asset and the increased liability ) . 
   given that nobody owns bonds bought through money creation no , the ecb owns them . 
  on its asset sheet . 
  debt monetisation means that ` the money is returned to the treasury ' after the asset matures . 
  or in other words , either the ecb requires payment from the ncb and then credits it back ( reducing the ncb 's liability ) or shortens the process by crediting itself ( create money ) on behalf of the ncb instead and then promptly ` destroying ' both the money ( cancel out in the digital sense ) and the asset . 
  the money supply is then increased by ` free ' money given to the ncb in exchange for an asset it never had to pay for . 
   in the case of the ecb , the liabilities side of a ncb balance sheet ( target2 balance ) would be reduced by the corresponding amount . 
  which i would be fine with , except in our above discussion the $ -420 bn owed by italy is not being reduced at any point by your model of how things work . 
   i 'll repeat : you wrote this after i 'd already responded . 
   target2 balance of one country is against the ecb , not other countries . 
  no , it is ( technically ) against the entire eurosystem . 
  banco de espana can owe money to the bundesbank , the ecb ( target2 ) is just the middleman . 
  in that sense the cumulative positive or negative value of the imbalance represents the total claim of that country 's ncb against the whole of the eurosystem . 
  i mean , you 're technically right , in the sense that the italian central bank owes the ecb who has to pay the ncbs of all countries who 's commercial banks at the distal end are owed money by the cbi . 
  but whether we want to zoom in on what ncb owes the ecb or what ncb owes the eurosystem is still irrelevant . 
   it means that italy has a debit with the ecb , and germany has a credit with the ecb . 
  this is where we have either a disagreement or confusion . 
  you 're still trying to argue that payments made by the ecb to italy are somehow italy 's liabilities , when they should be credits . 
  specifically the ecb will credit the italian central bank 's account either on behalf of itself ( corresponding to the transfer of an asset ) or on behalf of some other ncb ( corresponding to instructions ) . 
  that credit should reduce the aggregate liability of the italian central bank to the eurosystem ( ecb ) , which should reduce it 's target2 negative balance . 
  so to resolve this , it would be helpful for you to explain why payments made by the ecb which correspond to asset purchases are liabilities toward an ncb 's target2 balance . 
  the only thing i can figure is that the npv of the asset which is n't mature is being included as an unfunded liability . 
  but i do n't believe this is right . 
  why would payments made to italy ( cbi ) increase italy 's exposure ? 
  using the math you provided , the ecb paying money into italy ( by buying italian assets ) would * lessen * it 's exposure , so italian exposure to target2 would only be $ -175 , not the $ -420 it actually is . 
  in other words , italy uses the money from the ecb to settle claims made against it and thereby reduces it 's exposure within target2 .
