  at the same time , he seems to have been the only person in the room arguing with any coherent point , especially if helping greece return to economic stability was the goal . 
  while interest continues to accrue . 
  the entire time a debtor is on ibr with a very low payment , they are getting more and more in debt . 
  the ibr plans are a default stop gap and nothing more . 
   you yourself start out describing `` how art 7 works '' , listing violations . 
  i did n't do this anywhere . 
  i started by saying what it would be used for ( to ultimately kick a country out of the eu ) . 
  i never mention the process . 
  i do give a tongue in cheek example of a country doing a whole bunch of really bad things , things that are fundamentally incompatible with eu membership . 
  i then skipped to ` article 7 gets invoked ' . 
  so i never mention checks or allude to some part of the process not being upheld . 
  i do n't know where you get that . 
  i think you 're trying to assume that whatever checks are a part of the system might have prevented the use of article 7 in an example where we are assuming the use of article 7 . 
  that does n't make much sense if so . 
   thus suggesting anyone could invoke art 7 once some treaty obligation is violated , then easily suspend voting rights and after that remove the member in question from the eu . 
  i did n't do this . 
  if you read that i am saying it could be done easily , well you 've added it yourself . 
  i also did n't imply that any single treaty violation could result in article 7 use anywhere . 
   ratification is unconnected to voting rights within the eu . 
  if this is the case , then a country can never be removed from the eu involuntarily . 
  which means they get carte blanche to do whatever they want . 
  say greece went rogue during the financial crisis . 
  followed through on the varoufakis plan and arrested the governor of the cbg , and seized the printing plates for the euro note . 
  then went on a true euro printing spree . 
  that 's about as serious as it can get . 
  so what do you do about it ? 
  suspend their voting rights ? 
  so what . 
  you ca n't kick them out of the eu , because by your logic they 'd simply veto by not ratifying the treaty change it would take to do it . 
  so that would not be a real nuclear option . 
  i am not at all confident that in the suspension of voting rights some novel legal argument could not be advanced using a proposal to remove a state from the eu . 
  otherwise we have all been led errantly to believe the use of article 7 as a nuclear option and as a prelude to some serious punishment means something . 
   most of what you said is wrong . 
  no , i gave examples of ` serious and persistent breach of the values of article 2 ' , which could lead to the invocation of article 7 . 
  1/3 of the member states need to support that , and then their must be unanimous agreement to the invocation . 
  none of that is at odds with what i said . 
  once the process involved in article 7 is complete , some other document is prepared which would remove a state from the eu . 
  i never claimed article 7 provided any mechanism to remove a state . 
  my claim was instead that article 7 would be used to remove the power of a state to oppose measures aimed at punishing them for their behaviour by excluding them from the eu itself . 
  obviously anything can happen after article 7 is invoked , the next outcome does n't necessarily need to be removal from the eu , it can also be some other thing that is desirable , such as holding a vote to pass some piece of policy that the member state being disciplined was stonewalling . 
  likewise , i called it the nuclear option not just because the forced removal of a state from the eu would have fundamental consequences toward the view of the integrity of the eu itself ( as opposed to voluntary withdrawal , which does n't ) , but because once it 's used to get around some state 's objection , it undermines the notion of consensus approval . 
  thus when i said  there 's no going back once someone invokes it . 
  i did n't mean that voting rights ca n't be restored , i meant that it so fundamentally changes the political landscape and the balance of power that a return to the previous balance of power is impossible . 
  from that point forward there would always be the spectre of the use of article 7 to bypass objections and the notion that eu membership is not amongst a pool of equals , but instead a status quo of the powerful dominating the weak . 
  there 's many good reasons why everybody would steer very clear of using it , and why it is in fact a nuclear weapon . 
  also , none of what i said contradicts your notion that :  there is a long way until a member loses its voting rights . 
  i was n't alluding to the process but the outcome , which i think we agree on . 
  op 's original question was not ` how does article 7 work ' , but ` what does it mean for article 7 to be used ' . 
  this was what i answered and i do n't believe after reading your reply that i got it wrong . 
  the other person is a lying , cheating , criminal who cheated your preferred candidate out of the nomination , and who is likely to start a war with russia in order to cover up her own mistakes ? 
  he 's saying that the scary thing is that people are just talking about overthrowing democracy rather than trying to figure out why they lost . 
  and to do that they 'd need to try to understand the views of people they 've spent their previous time insulting as stupid and uneducated . 
  well all the ones who still have voting right , yes . 
  it would remove your country 's power to veto a preposed agreement between the other states aimed at punishing your country or kicking it out of the eu . 
  so say your country was misbehaving . 
  refusing to abide by the ecj rulings , or commitments laid out in the treaties . 
  making rules up that are contrary to the 4 freedoms . 
  printing their own euros , and responding with a two finger salute drawn in crayon to all the ec 's strongly worded letters . 
  so then article 7 gets invoked , and your country loses it 's voting rights . 
  the next thing that happens is that someone introduces a proposal to kick your country out of the eu . 
  because you ca n't vote , you ca n't stop it . 
  it would only fail if someone else was willing to support you even after article 7 was passed against you . 
  the use of article 7 is the nuclear option . 
  there 's no going back once someone invokes it . 
  it 's unlikely it will ever be used , though they said the same thing about article 50 . 
  so who knows . 
  actually , hillary got treated no differently than a man in this election . 
  what you saw was 100 % equality in action . 
  she did n't lose because she 's a woman , she lost because she 's a slimeball . 
  the only people who thought it was sexist were radical feminists who were using their identity politics to tell everyone they owed clinton a vote because she was a woman . 
  they 're the sexist ones . 
  yes , the guys still in guantanamo send their regards as well . 
  how do you return said book ? 
  you 're not loaning a book , your copying a book . 
  once you 've downloaded it , you have your own durable copy of it . 
  how does the server decide that you 've handed it back and thus that it could be available for someone else ? 
  this seems pretty stupid . 
  the person who copies the book could simply upload the copy anywhere ( like tpb ) and the copy would then instantaneously be everywhere . 
  either you control at the point of access or you give up on control altogether . 
  and for the most part control at the point of access ( pay to play ) does n't work very well anyway . 
  does n't yanis varoufakis have exactly such a movement ? 
  that 's lovely . 
  i wish it snowed in ireland . 
  the middle class where ? 
  german middle class and italian middle class do n't face the same problems . 
  i 'm saying centrist politics right now is inadequate . 
  it ca n't solve real problems , which is why the eurosceptics are saying that leaving is how you solve the problem . 
  it also has n't offered a vision of prosperity that can be shared by all . 
  that 's not accurate . 
  i 'm not saying extreme rightist politics derives from centrist politics . 
  i `` m saying extreme rightist politics is enabled by it , and specifically by it 's failure . 
  and i 'm not even defending or attacking the extreme right . 
  what i 'm saying is that it moved from being a politics of the margin to being mainstream , and it did so because the failure of centrist politics opened up a space where it could grow . 
  i 'm also saying the lack of a compelling alternative vision from the centre has allowed a slow but steady acceptance of extremist politics as an option to the mainstream . 
  it also means your notion of the opinion derivative chain is also inaccurate . 
  i do n't think it 's a strawman , i think you just did n't understand me very clearly . 
  and neither am i excusing any opinions . 
  one of my points is that rather than try and understand opposing opinions , centrists are simply slapping pejorative labels on rightist politics and shaming them out of discourse . 
  except when votes like these happen and it 's no longer possible . 
  then everyone shakes their heads and says ` how did this happen ? ' .
