  go on then , declare the referendum invalid . 
  ignore the results . 
  then explain how the result would have been binding if it had been remain , but is now non-binding because it is leave . 
  then tell the 51 % of voters that the government mandate is not to execute the majority result , as they are stupid ignorant voters who ca n't be trusted to make the right decision . 
  then watch as some extra-democratic activities start happening . 
  it 's exactly how civil disagreements slide into civil war . 
   a threat ? 
  pretty anti-democratic . 
  consider also that farage said that if the referendum was 52-48 in favour of remain , the issue would still be far from over . 
  so , it 's perfectly democratic to keep having a referendum until you get the result you want , but not democratic to fight when people decide that your votes and mandate are irrelevant . 
  those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable . 
  -- jfk  leave lied through their teeth , and now everyone wants to go back on their decision . 
  everyone lied through their teeth . 
  on both sides . 
  the entire campaign was waged on emotion , through fear . 
  every expert there was was simply ignored . 
  they learned that technique from the scottish referendum , by the way . 
  the tories taught them well . 
  face it . 
  remain lost . 
  it 's over . 
   i highly doubt the uk will leave they 'll leave . 
  the media frenzy , the doomsayers , the hatemongers , and the markets will eventually calm down , or at least burn themselves out . 
  the uk is smart for not playing into it . 
  then , after cooler heads prevail , the process of separation can truly start . 
  it 's not just the uk that will hurt over brexit , but people are ignoring that . 
  and it is in the eu 's interest to minimise the economic disruption , just as it is for the uk . 
   is that what the british people really voted for ? 
  they voted to leave . 
  you may not understand why they did it -- indeed many people ca n't seem to understand -- but the situation on the ground in ` little england ' has n't changed . 
   i 'm guessing that 'll happen no matter what , if it 's not leavers shooting remainers , it 'll be leavers shooting immigrants soon enough . 
  it will depend on who fills the power vacuum . 
  not all the people involved were racists , that 's just the cheap excuse for it . 
  one reason labour got criticised is because they did n't overlook all the problems with the eu . 
  maybe we 'll see a change in that direction . 
  besides -- if 50 % of the uk is racist , the problem is much bigger than brexit . 
   they have a proclivity for ` armed dissent ' ( see jo cox ) . 
  sorry , but david cameron has some responsibility for the death of jo cox . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://twitter.com/david_cameron/status/642984909980725248?lang=en ) him in action :  the labour party is now a threat to our national security , our economic security and your family 's security . 
  does n't take much more than that to push the mentally ill over the line . 
  thanks , dave . 
   first they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you , then you win . 
  - mahatma gandhi fight stage confirmed . 
  carthago delenda est , as always . 
  honestly , this is just an elaborate apology for the fact that the outcome is n't the one you wanted . 
  it 's hardly the first time someone has said it . 
  you know what they say : ` rationalisations are just the way that adults lie to themselves ' . 
  the uk govt organised this referendum campaign a very long time ago . 
  both sides had every opportunity to make their case , to try and scare the voters into believing them , to debate , to canvas , and to cast their votes and be heard . 
  there really is n't anything else to say on the issue . 
  people voted clearly along class lines , and the real problem is that nobody expected it . 
  in fact , the remain campaign is so clearly out of touch , that they just ca n't ( and wo n't ) try to understand how this could have happened . 
  they 've turned to insults instead . 
  it 's over . 
  and when that vote happens , what makes it more legitimate than the first ? 
  what happens when 5 million of the leave campaign get a petition going to run the referendum a 3rd time ? 
  if a state can not agree to bide by the results of a plebiscite , its democracy is illegitimate . 
  and , by the way ` the implications ' of brexit were crystal clear . 
  the amount of scare-tactics and the fear campaign waged by both sides made the worst case abundantly clear . 
  really , people who are essentially not poor are just offended that some other people would dare to vote as they did . 
  they ca n't understand the outcome , because they are disconnected from that reality . 
  if you had money , you voted to remain . 
  if you did not have money , you voted to leave . 
  it was by social or economic class , pretty straightforward . 
  but , rather than acknowledge the now exposed division in the electorate , in the lives of people outside the major cities , people want to further antagonise and demean those voters . 
  which means , no matter how many times you run the referendum , the divisions will persist -- and the problem will only get worse . 
  17 million people , or 51 % of the voters , voted to leave . 
  having another referendum invalidates all of those people 's mandate . 
  and , on top of that , having a second referendum invalidates the process of having referenda at all . 
  what makes a referendum on any issue valid is in fact everyone agreeing to abide by the results , and to use the process to answer a question completely . 
  when people start having multiple instances of the same referendum solely due to not liking the results , gone with the first results is also legitimacy . 
  nigel farage and the leave campaign , along with some component of the more hardcore brexiters would have an insurgent militia up and running in 6 months , would declare the uk gov illegitimate , and there would be violence . 
  i 'm sure that nobody would actually want to encourage armed dissent and the possibility of civil war . 
  it has everything to do with the unit of agency in politics . 
  for most people , that unit is the state , and nothing is officially higher . 
  most people in fact consider that the state is a legitimate entity which is derived from the will of the citizens who authorise it . 
  that in turn , those offices and institutions of the state have a direct obligation and mandate from the citizens to act in a certain way and to uphold certain laws/values . 
  if they go rogue , there is recourse from the people . 
  supra-national organisations are viewed suspiciously because they often seek to supplant that unit of agency . 
  even where states agree to work together , through a project like the eu , most individual citizens of a state still do not recognise any true authority above their own elected leaders , save where it is expressly given . 
  how it works out in a practical sense is that states are happy enough to go along with the eu where there is consensus , but reserve the right to withdraw consent where they object . 
  something like that might be more akin to ` having the cake and eating it too ' , but it 's reality . 
  the eu having little enforcement power other than fines and withholding of money means that states can and will defy the eu when they wish . 
  examples of that would be germany refusing to be compliant with the lisbon treaty ( to meet their trade surplus obligations ) or france refusing to hit its deficit targets year after year . 
  both know due to the balance of power internally , there is really no consequence coming to them . 
  in fact , it is the balance of power between states , relative impunity afforded to some of them , and people like juncker who seem to represent them , which lead people to assume that the eu is n't really a democratic organisation . 
  so while you are arguing the point from a ` technical ' perspective correctly , in practise things work an entirely different way , which to many is dissatisfactory . 
  let 's not get into appeals to emotion shall we ? 
  is n't that the crime you accuse the leave campaign of having committed ? 
  we would n't want to inadvertently behave the same way as they did , would we ? 
   but what i am not doing is shifting the goalposts . 
  ironically , you 've done it again . 
  it went from stupid british voters , to voters confusing the uk and the eu , to a bunch of political opportunists masquerading as issues-based campaigners fooling those stupid voters . 
  of course , you fail to realise that people can make the right choice for the wrong reasons , that in fact even if farage and co. are opportunists , fools , and demagogues , it 's certainly possible that british voters * still made the right choice * . 
  in fact , what are you offering ? 
  you state clearly that what was given to the uk was a ` laughable deal ' . 
  what else is there ? 
  what solution is the eu offering its discontents ? 
  do you think british voters are the only ones ? 
  where has been the eu movement to address the concerns raised by the multiple eu-skeptic political parties and voters ?
