  the issue of approach was extremely divisive at the time , and it 's a mistake to look back at the victor and claim it was self-evident that they made the right choice . 
  it could just as easily have gone the other way . 
  this was exactly what tsipras was worried about at the summit . 
  all the other european nations are going to trap migrants in greece while doing nothing to empower greece to take care of them . 
  greece , once again , is being made the scapegoat for failed eu policy . 
  tsipras ought to offer free eu passports to everyone and use his navy to ferry migrants to any eu country in the surrounding area they want , free of charge . 
  that until the rest of the eu gets its act together and decides to either end the migration programme altogether , or cooperate on a solution . 
  greece is not , and should not be , the victim of what is entirely european intransigence . 
  things like this make me wonder if the british do n't have the right idea after all . 
  do n't shift the blame onto the russians . 
  even if russia was the official sponsor ^ tm of wikileaks , and ja went around wearing a russian flag like a cape in every appearance , this problem would still be the us 's fault . 
  the greatest threat to us alliances is the us itself . 
  if you behaved with any kind of common courtesy , respect , or civility in dealing with your own allies , you would not be in this situation . 
  wikileaks did n't invent these allegations , it * exposed * them . 
  the us did nothing but get caught with its hand in the cookie jar , as it were . 
  the true nature of its interactions and the discrepancy between what it says ( respect for law , transparency ) and what it does ( surveil everyone , hide everything ) are what has become clear here . 
  likewise , even where it is russia 's clear interest to weaken the us international position -- from its pov to slow down the advance of nato and/or the us intentional policy of isolating russia -- the work of wikileaks stands on its own merit . 
  wikileaks has been around for years , much before es and before the trouble with ja . 
  it started as a way to expose the true doings of those ` behind the curtain ' , using nothing but their own secret documents . 
  in that sense , it 's not a russian tool , it 's everyone 's tool . 
  everyone who values democracy , equality before the law , and has some respect for people in other countries . 
  these revelations benefit everyone in western democracy -- because now everyone has further evidence that the us is at best an untrustworthy ally , and at worst , a duplicitous frenemy just as likely to screw its allies over as its enemies . 
  finally , i would also make the claim that some of the reasons the russian section of wikileaks is barer ( if it is ) include : * everybody knows russia is corrupt and that its democracy is nominal only * russian entrenched power structures do n't leak info -- because people who leak info end up drinking polonium tea * russia is much better at espionage and international intrigue than the us is . 
  compared to past us presidents , putin is a master player and none of that is said because i 'm a fan of putin , or the russian position on anything . 
  i am , however , a fan of wikileaks and the invaluable contribution they make to democracy and to everyday people everywhere . 
  if the us wants to stop being the target of wikileaks , stop being the friend of democracy on paper and the enemy of it in reality . 
  to give you a more succinct way of expressing germany 's dependence on the eu , just consider the value of the euro now , why it 's valued as it is , and ask yourself what would happen if the germans were working with a deutschmark instead . 
  because germany has such a strong economy , a germany with its own currency would see the value of it rise pretty spectacularly . 
  this would be crippling to a country that relies so much on exports : suddenly all of those cars , car parts , and other products would become expensive to purchase and thus totally uncompetitive . 
  in that sense , the fact that the euro is being ` devalued ' by the economic ails of many of its member states and by political chaos actually benefits germany , provided it 's not too much chaos or economic ailment that trade suffers . 
  in other words , a strong germany can benefit from a weaker europe and the currency reflected by it , as long as the weakness of europe does n't leave germany with no buyers or a market with no confidence in europe at all . 
  some trouble = good . 
  a lot of trouble = not good . 
  the germans have an excellent strategy , which plays to their strengths , but unfortunately , to some extent their success is predicated upon the poor performance of the rest of europe . 
  now i 'm not saying that is by design or intentional , just that germany can only be competitive with countries who have less valuable currencies , cheaper labour , and less stringent labour standards ( and the costs they entail ) as long as the euro struggles . 
  were europe to solve its problems , and the currency to return to pre-2008 levels or higher , germany would have to devalue its labour market and actively suppress wage-growth ( or reduce existing wage levels ) or its industries ( like cars ) would look to outsource their productive capacity to cheaper markets . 
  i 'm not talking about a referendum in scotland . 
  i 'm talking about the process of handling an independent scotland 's petition to the eu and its argument that it is already a member state and would not need to apply to be a new eu state on its own . 
  as long as those guesses come with the admission that they are guesses . 
  i would n't have interjected if the original comment to which i replied had said ` it 's likely that x would happen . ', 
  or ` they will probably have to ... ' , rather than claiming it as fact instead . 
  that 's irrelevant , even if it were true . 
  my point is that nobody knows what would happen because this situation is without any precedent . 
  it could go any number of ways . 
  even the exact mechanism by which the uk would leave is unknown after the vote . 
  anybody claiming to know how things are going to go , and what would happen if ... is making an assumption , and positing that assumption as a fact . 
  all i 'm asking for is honesty in admitting speculation is speculation . 
  i understand this perfectly , thank you . 
  what i 'm trying to get you to understand is that this is your assumption of how it would work ; it 's not a proven fact no matter how convincing and logical it is to you . 
  it 's pretty clear the scots are going to vote to stay in the eu no matter what england votes . 
  nicola sturgeon is saying that if the ref passes over scottish objection , then scots will decide whether or not they go with the uk when it leaves . 
  from their pov , they are already a state in the eu , and as the rest of the uk leaves , would be applying to remain . 
  you 're making an assumption that scotland would be out the minute that the uk goes , but this is not necessarily the way it might work . 
  by the way , i 'm not saying this to support a yes or no vote . 
  i do n't really care which way the uk goes . 
  given attitudes toward the rest of the eu by the uk , i think right now i would prefer for the uk to go so that there 's one less problem to deal with . 
  i also do n't think the uk leadership share the same values as other europeans , and thus that uk leaving would reduce conflict . 
  but those are my opinions ; what i wanted to point out was where assumptions are being made and claimed as facts . 
  this is an assumption . 
  scotland would say they are already a state that is part of the eu , and scots are eu citizens . 
  they would only apply to remain this , not to leave and try to re-enter . 
  it may seem obvious to you , but it 's anything but . 
  it has n't been tested in court . 
  there is literally no precedent for it , and lawyers would have to argue based on the treaties and wait for a verdict to be handed down . 
  my expectation is that the ecj would decide the outcome because a definitive answer is required . 
  either that or the eu would have a summit and work out a deal . 
  what would happen to scotland is totally unknown . 
  there has never been a situation in the past to provide any precedent . 
  it would almost certainly come down to a court decision or at a minimum a political consensus . 
  that 's not necessarily true . 
  that they 'd be instantly outside the eu is an assumption . 
  it has never been tested in a court , and the eu has never given an official legal opinion on it . 
  this was part of the scaretactics used during the scottish referendum rather than any definitive fact . 
  which part of blowing up someone from afar on suspicion fits in with principles of justice ? 
  drone strikes are anathema to every principle of western democracy, 
  reason number 124325345328380 to stop the drone strike program . 
  where does that follow from what i 've said ? 
  this is king of an irrelevant fact considering the us also has a redistributive transfer system for poor states . 
  the fact that lux , nl , ie et al are facilitating mnes to channel profits through their economies to escape being taxed hurts everyone , including the us . 
  harmonisation is the only way the problem gets solved , and the only way some balance is restored to the way mnes interact with states . 
  there is no reason why a big company should be able to benefit from a state or market extracting profit , while at the same time having no responsibility to contribute something back . 
  if regular workers everywhere must pay taxes on their income at nontrivial levels , so should big business . 
  it is n't because i do n't like the requirements . 
  it 's because the uk has made the choice to blame its problems on foreigners . 
  using the great other as the source of the evil of society is a classic trait of xenophobia . 
  poles and other e europeans are n't a drain on the uk economy . 
  numbers overwhelmingly show 93 % of polish migrants for example are contributors and not claimants . 
  conversely , the vast majority of claimants are british citizens . 
  in the us there is a a stereotype that ` welfare queens ' are black women living it up on state funds . 
  in reality , the average us welfare recipient is a white single mother working a low paying job . 
  this insistence on blaming eu migrants is the european version of that stereotype . 
  the twats in this situation continue to be right wing conservatives who punish poor people and protect big business ( that their friends run ) from having to make a fair contribution to society , while the wider european economy ails . 
  clearly the uk do n't have the same values as the rest of europe . 
  you do n't deserve to go down your own path while still getting all the benefits of eu membership . 
  a common market does n't work when individual countries can simply decide not to participate in common changes to those markets . 
  eu is going ahead with beps and tax harmonisation . 
  which will benefit everyone and finally end the race to the bottom that is happening now . 
  the uk has just been given a green light to decide not to participate . 
  not ` being a part of the european superstate ' and not having responsibilities in terms of dealing with european crises or in terms implementing common reform programmes , while at the same time retaining unfettered access to all the eu markets ... 
  this is pretty much taking from the eu benefits but opting out of responsbilities .
