  the solution of course causing a crisis of its own . 
  renzi will likely defy the eu rather than allow his banks to collapse . 
  i do n't know whether the deutsche bank exposure is the problem that is being made out to be however . 
  what are you so worried about ? 
  what did skynet ever do to anyone ? 
  itt -- people who still do n't get it . 
  sunderland does n't give a fuck if their vote is n't in their interests by someone else 's estimation . 
  or if their vote means they lose more money . 
  from their point of view , the system , all of it is broken . 
  not only did english politics leave them behind , but so did the eu . 
  these people want to * break * the system . 
  they are tired of suffering . 
  do they care that much if breaking the status quo causes suffering ? 
  they 're already suffering . 
  every country who is a human rights signatory has an obligation to take on refugees at its border . 
   the rule makes sense . 
  the real issue is with euro . 
  how does a rule that creates the outcome it is supposed to prevent make sense ? 
  what is logical about forcing a state to implement capital controls , panicking the populace , and victimising innocent people ? 
  there is a problem with the euro . 
  a bunch of them actually . 
  but this situation is about non-performing loans at its heart . 
  loans extended recklessly prior the meltdown caused by reckless behaviour globally by banks . 
  so i would entirely separate the problems with the euro from problems with a ` bail-in ' . 
   apparently low inflation currency is fundamentally incompatible with italian way of doing things . 
  tbh , i really get tired of this ` blame the person in distress ' argument . 
  the german model that everyone making this argument assume is the ideal one is actually a novelty . 
  it capitalises on weakness , and it 's actually an unhealthy balance of exports/imports and trade that would not result in stability if everyone were to somehow adopt it . 
  the issue of debt , both private and public , is a * massive * one . 
  those npl loans in italy are typical of this debt , both at an individual and institutional level . 
  yet there is no solution to this problem , no matter how many bonds draghi wants to buy through omt . 
  once a bank gets in trouble , there 's very little that can be done for it . 
  ditto for a banking system . 
  and that 's a real problem . 
  when i made the ` moral hazard ' argument i meant to imply that the germans consider the risk that somebody somewhere would look at aid rendered as a license to behave recklessly as being far more important that maintaining a stable system . 
  and so that system teeters continually on the brink of catastrophe . 
  you mention specifically that ` big losses always get socialised has no future ' , which i agree with . 
  but that 's not all there is . 
  people oscillate between two poles : bailouts/too big to fail , and bail-ins/steal from depositors . 
  in both situations , innocent people are still paying the price for reckless behavior by bankers , and intransigence by eu leaders . 
  my position on this is that the sanctity of the banking system in all eurozone countries is a primary responsibility for the ecb , whether it falls under the mandate to maintain target2 or the mandate to protect the currency itself . 
  in fact , draghi has argued when it suited him that the latter of the two actually entails wide latitude . 
  in that sense , i think the ecb should step in directly and fix the italian banking system , taking upon its balance sheet npl to be disposed of as it wishes , and recapitalising banks to restore stability . 
  that 's not state aid -- neither the government or the taxpayers ever see a dime , nor are further indebted as a result . 
  and the ecb can be free to impose new rules on these banks as a condition to accept them . 
  chiefly that lending decisions become way more rigorous and applying some oversight as needed . 
  but the ecb wo n't act that way , for the same reason the germans wo n't -- because they think that doing that would encourage others to think they can get away with stupid behaviour themselves . 
  i do n't know what it will take to get policy-makers at the eu level and in the ecb to cop on to the fact that all is not well in the eu periphery , and that ` tough love ' is n't going to fix it . 
  as you mention , the lack of leadership and vision is worrisome . 
  if that 's the best that we can achieve , the future does look as dim as you prophesy . 
  it 's not a problem . 
  i welcome real discussion . 
  i am normally a contrarian ( not deliberately mind you ) , but it often results in that kind of mindless downvoting . 
  you do n't need to apologise to me -- i know where you are coming from . 
  just a couple of points . 
  i am not necessarily a consequentialist . 
  i do think it matters whether one does the right thing for the wrong reasons . 
  not that it inherently changes the morality -- but accidental outcomes are n't necessarily congruent with achieving a moral result . 
  i 've been arguing from a position against the common idea that outcomes do n't matter in some cases , and are the only factor that does in others . 
  there are brexit critics arguing that means do n't matter if it results in not going through with brexit , and others arguing that the only thing that ever mattered was the effect of brexit on the markets , pound , and economy . 
  both are consequentialist notions that i disagree with for different reasons . 
  at the same time , i do not think that motive outweighs outcome . 
  re : progressivism , progressives have almost always been anti-establishment activists who judged the establishment as lacking in providing the elements of freedom that they believed in . 
  whether it was the suffragettes , or the civil rights movement , or the new deal , to the progressives in the bernie campaign , the key to achieving change is always to overcome the status quo . 
  and it comes in hand with a cultural revolution -- but that 's an end that lacks specificity . 
  first you change the law , * then the culture * , slowly over time . 
  progressives are essentially early adopters . 
  in that sense , actually , i do n't really count as progressive changes that came around a generation after the actual progressives started demanding it . 
  i do agree with you that both left and right politics claims to be about the items i mentioned , despite heading in the opposite directions . 
  but at the same time , it 's easy to discern between people advocating for increased freedom * for them * , and increased freedom for everyone . 
  to make that more than a platitude , consider that the right 's basic notion of freedom is not empowering people to do things , it 's empowering people to be * free * of things . 
  chiefly from the interference of the government . 
  they want markets deregulated as well as social relationships freed from a government-sanctioned morality . 
  that is to say they want to be able to do as they please in both business and in social circumstances . 
  that 's entirely different from someone looking to enfranchise a new group in some way , or someone looking to reverse some kind of imbalance . 
  in advocating for increased regulation , ( or abolition of an oppressive system ) the idea is to restore access or balance to a system that has had one group dominate the other groups within it . 
  i would then argue it 's pretty clear when something is ` progressive ' or not . 
  and that the notion of progressive versus regressive is fairly objective when looking past the window dressing of moral justification . 
  a question that asks ` does this act increase freedom for someone or reverse oppression unambiguously ? ', 
  can deliver a straight answer . 
  in this situation does creating a zone that segregates a certain sex deliver more freedom ? 
  no , both individually and aggregately . 
  it does n't restore a sense of security and equality to the ` oppressed ' by making it as safe in general areas for them as for their oppressors . 
  neither is it free of committing the same act that it is trying to correct . 
  in that sense , finally , the definition of progressivism itself under your conception is unnecessarily restrictive . 
  if all we can do is something new , it is unlikely that progressivism will ever really amount to much , and it 's even more likely that the only things that we will ever consider progressive will have only appeared in hindsight . 
  did no mean yes before cologne ? 
  what 's great about this article is that only at the very end , in the last paragraph , is there any really important information . 
  that the ec went ahead with the deal is not news . 
  that v. jourova patently ignores the article 29 group and the dccs of eu countries is not a surprise . 
  she 's been doing it from the beginning . 
  the article also fails to cover the fact that the dcc of ireland is suing facebook over transfers to the us ( which would be governed by privacy shield ) in the irish courts , and is actively seeking a referral to the ecj . 
  that suit comes on foot of the ruling against safe harbour in the ecj . 
  so this is n't the final word on the issue . 
  the ec , as it has done many times in the past , is utterly indifferent to the privacy rights of eu citizens , as well as to the ruling in the ecj , and is pressing on . 
  in the ec view , what matters is politics and the economic pressure that the eu and its lobby can exert . 
  the ecj ruling was abundantly clear . 
  mass , indiscriminate , collection of eu citizens data violates the fundamental right to privacy of eu citizens . 
  the only way that the eu-us could legally justify the transfer of eu citizens data to the us would have been for the us congress to legislate to make their own programmes illegal , and to have disbanded them . 
  but those programmes still exist now , and frankly a written letter promising vague assurances is not good enough to safeguard eu citizens rights .
