  we could argue over whether or not they were or were n't in actuality , but it seems silly to argue over motivations that were explicitly stated . 
  people were too occupied with the maidan protests to pay the russians much mind . 
  but they laid it out clearly . 
   this is par the course for a belligerent did you even read the articles that you posted ? 
  here are some important quotes you seem to have overlooked :  general anatoly nogovitsyn said that any new us assets in europe could come under russian nuclear attack with his forces targeting `` the allies of countries having nuclear weapons '' . 
   he told russia 's interfax news agency : `` by hosting these , poland is making itself a target . 
  this is 100 per cent certain . 
  it becomes a target for attack . 
  such targets are destroyed as a first priority . '', 
   danish warships could become targets for russian nuclear missiles if denmark joins nato 's missile defence system , russia has warned , in comments that have sparked outrage in copenhagen . 
   moscow threatened a `` spectrum of responses from nuclear to non-military '' if nato moved more forces into lithuania , latvia and estonia . 
  what do these have in common ? 
  in * all * three , the russians are responding to moves by nato to either add more troops to states on their borders , or more importantly missiles capable of hitting russia . 
  and they 're not saying ` we 're going to nuke you ' , they 're saying ` any state that hosts a missile aimed at us becomes a target of our missiles in return . ', 
  i would think we would be capable of being able to both see the difference between the two statements ' meaning , and also to try and consider how the move of nuclear capable missiles to ones ' doorstep might be a provocation . 
  i mean the us nearly started wwiii itself over some weapons going into cuba . 
  i do n't see why this is any different . 
   this is n't anti-russian propaganda , it 's simple facts , nothing more , nothing less it is propaganda . 
  it 's made to substantiate a view already held . 
  what bothers me about it is that because of it , we are incapable of even trying to see the conflict from the other side . 
  i mean the russian statements are straightforward in terms of what they mean and what the problem is . 
  but the message is n't being received . 
  i mean every one of these papers led with a misleading headline . 
  the russians did n't make a nuclear threat -- they made a statement that says ` your country just went onto our list of states we will strike in the event of a war , because you installed missiles aimed at us . ', 
  i 'm perfectly capable of criticising russia , but we could at least not invent reasons . 
   yes , they were forced to covertly invade ukraine/crimea by sending their troops in without russian military attire do n't confuse a tactic with a motivation . 
  these are n't the same . 
   ( violation of geneva conventions ) why does the geneva convention matter ? 
  how many countries actually follow it ? 
   send in anti-aircraft buk missile systems which were used to shoot down civilian aircraft killing hundreds of people . 
  mh317 was n't the first civilian airliner downed by accident . 
  not to justify this at all -- but it 's unclear whether the rebels or russian soldiers shot the plane down . 
  if it was the rebels , then we can add it to the long list of instances where some group did something bad with a weapon supplied by a superpower . 
  if it were the soldiers , well there 's another list for that . 
   they were also forced to arm rebels in their neighbouring country and begin rounding up and imprisoning anyone who complained . 
  you tend to do this when you 're trying to take over a territory . 
  this is a tactic . 
  i 'm not a putin-bot or some russian apologist by the way . 
  but i routinely see one group of people say that there is no such thing as morality in geopolitics -- that is to say that at the level of state actions , there are no laws or limits . 
  only risk/reward and perception/relationships . 
  the other group of people seem to say that there are all these relevant human rights and international rights laws that are supposed to matter . 
  and be the ultimate standard . 
  but we see human rights abuses everywhere , by all the powers , and we see everyone turn a blind eye to it . 
  so my point is that both of these are kind of irrelevant perspectives in this context . 
  if it 's a geopolitical perspective , then the russians did what they had to do to hang on to a port and avoid outright confrontation with the west . 
  if it 's an international law issue , then it just confirms the impotence of international law and the russians are more or less the same as everyone else . 
  i mean nobody is sanctioning the chinese . 
  or the us -- and both break international law at will . 
  i do n't mean to suggest whataboutery -- all violations are equally bad -- just that who gets sanctioned and why seems entirely arbitrary . 
  just to play devil 's advocate , but the russians warned everyone about their intentions in ukraine . 
  from their pov , they did n't have a choice . 
  the russians have their only usable warm water port in sevastopol . 
  the one in syria fell to the war . 
  ukraine reversing course and aligning with the eu and eventually with nato they view as a geopolitical encroachment -- in that it threatens one of their chief strategic assets in the west . 
  wonder why they took crimea and not all of ukraine ? 
  because they only care about the base . 
  and they are willing to suffer sanctions to pay for it . 
  we might think that their actions were still unacceptable , but at least we might dismiss the ` needlessly belligerent ' characterisation that is being put forward by anti-russia propaganda . 
  privacy issues are n't dependent upon public or consumer outrage . 
  it 's the right call . 
  also important not to lie to regulators . 
  hope they fine fb 1 % a year until the issue is resolved . 
  i can hardly wait for you to tell us what kind of reform you have in mind . 
   you lack any knowledge of how economies and markets work . 
  standard smear for people with weak arguments . 
  could you be more specific about what i 'm missing ? 
   the only reason you 're drawing in pensions is to moralize the discussion because reasonably you have no point to make . 
  there are two sources of ` retail bondholders ' in this context in italy : individuals who bought bank bonds to save for their retirements ; and pension providers who bought bank bonds on behalf of their funds . 
  both relate specifically to current and future pensioners . 
  you 're willfully overlooking the fact that it 's unusual for bank bonds to be held for the purposes of fixed income as fully as they are in italy . 
  nearly 3x as many are held in this way in italy versus germany , and 4x as many than the uk . 
  that was directly in the article you obviously did n't read . 
   the only reason you 're drawing in pensions is to moralize the discussion it 's not just some moralisation . 
  it 's not just some investors losing their money . 
  it 's that the affected people are not going to be those intended by the idea of the bail-in ( in fact the opposite ) , and it will end in political chaos . 
   the free market is not a democracy , get a grip . 
  this is the kind of idiocy which is pulling the eu apart from the inside . 
  you want to be ignorant of politics , go ahead . 
  it 's par for the course for the dutch and the germans at present . 
  italian centrists are losing their grip on their politics , and even if the problem is economic , the solution will be political , and not one you like . 
  you want to throw italian pensioners to the wolves ? 
  do n't be surprised at how they vote after the fact . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  it is n't normal for pension providers to be as exposed to bank paper and bank instability as they are . 
  italy is unique in that [ italians ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-07-27/italians-nest-eggs-risk-cracking-as-bank-rescue-plans-mulled ) ` invest more in bonds than other european savers ' . 
   italians favor fixed income for their savings . 
  they held about 430 billion euros of bonds at the end of 2015 , two-and-a-half times more than germans and three-and-a-half times as much as britons , according to a report by assogestioni , a milan-based investment industry association . 
  during a ` bail-in ' , it 's those people ( individuals ) who are going to suffer , alongside pension funds for private italian companies who made similar purchases for their employees . 
  ironically the idea of a ` bail-in ' which is supposed to protect taxpayers from liability is actually going to create a liability for taxpayers if it 's done in italy . 
  tbh i do n't really think you understand the consequences of what you 're saying . 
  ` welcome to the market ' is how m5s gets elected to power , and if it happens under a bail-in circumstance , blame at the feet of the eu wo n't be mislaid . 
  if m5s are successful in pulling italy from the eu , the eu falls apart . 
  what i think you do n't see is that voters consider a ` bail-in ' to be a failure of the political process , and they conclude that the eu can not solve its problems , and they are being made to pay for it . 
  the angrier that regular taxpayers get in all eu countries , the closer we move to watching the project go over a cliff . 
  and the more operating space the ` far right ' eurosceptics have to convince people to abandon the centre . 
  you might think you are simply repeating the truth of the markets , but you 're contributing to political destruction . 
  ` retail bondholders ' = pension funds , made up of people saving for their pensions . 
  a bail-in is literally stealing from pensioners and those who will one day be pensioners . 
  any time there 's anything about es or ja here , there are always some guys showing up to say what a horrible thing he did and how he should be executed for it . 
  or put away in a dark hole for all eternity for betraying his country .
