  we might even have a return to violence and terror in ni . 
  if you are unwilling to try and help protect us , and are willing to say ` you 're on your own , fix it yourself ' , then we are likely to take that into consideration in how we deal with the eu or stay in the eu . 
  an eu which says ` that 's your problem ' is not really one that offers us too many more advantages than being closer aligned to the us and uk . 
  and it 's not a choice between s. europe and us -- if the eu is as strong and good an organisation as it should be , it should be able to help all these countries . 
  it should be able to take care of all eu countries . 
  if it ca n't , that is a problem of the eu and something that needs to be recognised . 
   first you have to show enough power will to help yourself this is exactly what will happen regardless of the outcome . 
  ireland will choose the best option to salvage it 's economy . 
  where it ends up depends on what choices the uk and eu make . 
   the answer is simple - nothing . 
  you 're doing a horrible job of selling the eu as a better choice than the uk . 
  if you do n't recognise the more serious and bigger impact on ireland because of the uk leaving , then you ( the eu ) are not really prepared to help take care of us as a country . 
  remember that the impact on us is at no fault to us . 
  it does n't matter who is responsible for the problem -- what matters is who is going to do what about it . 
  the eu saying ` blame the uk ' if our country goes to shite is not going to work . 
  something like that would make us re-evaluate or desire to stay in the eu . 
   did n't the eu save you with 70 + billion loan when you most need it it is quite controversial in ireland whether or not we should have taken a bailout . 
  our bank guarantee is what caused the problem , and the decision to do so is one of the most ` mysterious ' and criticised in irish history . 
  what we love about the eu is that it helped us transform from a poor nearly third world country who had gone broke twice into a modern state with a higher quality of life . 
  the question is what we would do if those things become threatened . 
   but i do not believe all that will be done out of hatred . 
  that 's kind of irrelevant and it will not be much consolation to all the people in the eu and the uk who suffer for the decisions made in london and brussels . 
  also , you did n't answer my question . 
   i got no personal interest of uk succeeding or failing of course you do . 
  because if they succeed it calls into question the real value of the eu . 
  and you 've staked both your viewpoint and identity ( it seems like ) on the eu as a superior political decision . 
  we love being in the eu . 
  there is no level of popular opinion in ireland that is seeking to follow the uk out . 
  but we 're also like a child having to choose between parents , on the basis of which one provides us more or a better life . 
  my point is that the worse it goes between the eu and the uk , the worse it goes for us . 
  the more punitive the eu is toward the uk , the more we suffer . 
  that 's because , as i 've been saying , we are more closely aligned to the uk than we are to the eu , from both a political and economic point of view . 
  the question i 'd like to see you answer is what the eu is prepared to do for ireland in the case that it ejects the uk in the hardest brexit possible ? 
  the uk will actively seek allies whether the eu tries to punish it or not . 
  and the eu is not trying to covertly cause the uk suffering . 
  in fact , the opposite will be true . 
  it will be trying to make a spectacle and send a message . 
  this is politics more than economics , and that 's what concerns me . 
  and yet you will waste time telling me that you 're not going to waste time telling me . 
  you 're fixated on an argument that was not made . 
  we 're talking about economic * alignment * not size . 
  as in whose interests are aligned with whose . 
  the eu is more terrified that the uk will succeed than it is that it will fail . 
  that 's the driving factor , alongside the emotional behaviour of a jilted lover whose pride has been hurt . 
  the eu can hurt the uk in the short-term . 
  and the loss of the uk can hurt the eu in the short term . 
  especially my country . 
  but in the long term , all that can happen is a realignment of things , particularly based on the outcome of the uk . 
  a uk that aligns with the us and canada , with japan and oceana , will not be bereft of friends . 
  and if it can replace some of its lost market revenue with that from other places , it will send a message that life is possible outside the eu . 
  that 's the message that eu is determined to try and prevent anyone from hearing . 
  imagine a us/uk/canada / japan trading bloc . 
  such a realignment is possible , and of course would not be impotent . 
  if this is true , it will be of little consolation to an eu mired in recession and facing the advance of extremist politics and widening inequality . 
  what are you trying to say here ? 
  any similarity between the us and eu is not in question or in dispute . 
  the issue is where the uk most closely aligns , and of course where the uk might fit if it chooses to be outside the eu unions altogether . 
  you 're willfully choosing to overlook interdependencies on all sides , and also to consider options available to a uk free of the eu . 
  what you claim to want is the for the uk to fail , but what you 're actually scared is that it will succeed . 
  i do n't think your approach is reasonable or rational , and i really hope all the emotive and juvenile approaches burn out . 
  nobody is being helped by behaving like jilted lovers . 
   guess where most of the food you consome comes from ? 
  the eu . 
  in ireland ? 
  we 're a country of < 5m people who feed 50m people . 
  what we do n't consume from what we produce mostly comes from the uk . 
  we get lots from the eu and the us too . 
  but our economy and share of imports is not like the eu continental economies . 
  what makes your view less delusional than you think theirs are ? 
  the uk is already being courted by the us , who has a new president ready and willing to do a trade deal , and saying they 'll do it fast track . 
  the uk is already invited to join ceta with the canadians . 
  i 'm sure the japanese would be open to it , considering tpp running into the ground . 
  a pissed off eu might decide to shun the uk , but doing so will have consequences . 
  you 're going to lose your second biggest market and second largest contributor at the stroke of a pen , when the eu economy is already on the edge of recession . 
  and countries like ireland whose largest partner is the uk , followed by the usa , whose economies are anglo-american and not continental , and whose fragile peace in ni is about to be disturbed , are going to have serious problems . 
  if the eu antagonises the uk too much , it will force my country to consider its alignment . 
  though we * love * the eu , if it puts us in a situation where our economic stability is ruined , we will be forced to reconsider who we support . 
  our interests are * actually * more aligned with the usa/uk than with the eu , and if we are forced to choose which side on the basis of continued economic stability , you may not like what happens next . 
  everybody who is cheering for uk destruction and everyone in brussels needs to step back so that adults can figure this thing out in the most amicable way . 
  i think you 're being downvoted for being so hateful , and for insinuating that the british parliamentary election system is illegitimate . 
  resistance is futile . 
  we are the borg . 
  lol . 
  do n't be so dramatic . 
  the act of simply paying people less would not solve the problem . 
  it would create a new pricepoint equilibrium while channeling the delta , or ` savings ' to the top of the economic order . 
  less employment costs just become enhanced profit . 
  also , it 's very important even when reducing the size of an economy not to enter into a deflationary spiral . 
  deflation serves to pull money out of the economy as the value of money increases . 
  that undermines every part of the economy that is productive . 
  in other words , deflation destroys the economy instead of reducing it . 
  what you actually want is a change in consumption patterns , particularly less consumption in aggregate , and to align the economy to that change in demand . 
  you want price stability for the items people do want to buy , and you want them to be able to afford to purchase . 
  you also want to continue innovation in technology so that it can be harnessed to improve the ecological outlook . 
  are n't you still waiting on the supreme court to deliver a verdict ? 
  what if scotland and ni scuttle the whole thing ? 
  i 'm not an expert on uk law , but i do n't hold much hope that the govt is going to reverse that high court decision . 
   while it is true that companies do not like to cut prices , protecting them from competition from other countries only encourages them to keep prices high . 
  how are companies being protected from competition ? 
  but , unless i am totally misunderstanding you , the point above is not germane to our conversation .
