  the real problem is that the remain groups merely classified leave voters as ` low information voters ' and totally failed to understand in any capacity why this vote happened . 
  in general , the reaction to brexit is the reason brexit happened in the first place . 
   i 'm sure vulture capitalists are really the type of people you wan na attract because they 're long term investors . 
  right ? 
  that 's shifting goalposts . 
  my point was the markets are not a unified organism reacting inherently rationally . 
  instead the markets are full of opportunists and humans behaving on the advice of the media , and only slowly coming to a consensus . 
  as such , delay in implementing , and moving slowly in decision-making , benefits all . 
   the central bank can not do miracles . 
  a lot of the economy depends on the connections it has with europe . 
  for example . 
  15 % of the gdp depends on the finance industry . 
  a fair amount of that depends on uk having a financial passport to access the rest of the eu . 
  i understand all of this . 
  but the two sentences following it are your assumption , and your analysis of the outcome , which are at this time entirely in doubt . 
  you assume the eu hardline will continue indefinitely , and that the eu can continue to behave as if it has zero to lose by brexit . 
  hopefully seeing reason catches on soon . 
   lack of trust is the main issue here . 
  read s&p 's reasons on both sides . 
  also , i inherently detest and mistrust anything coming from s&p . i have not forgiven them for screwing everybody in the recession by colluding to issue aaa ratings with the companies creating the derivative products . 
  also zerohedge is the world 's greatest doomsayer . 
  i actually enjoy reading it -- but not because i expect them to be right . 
  999/1000 times they are totally wrong and their daily end of the world articles do n't actually precede the end of the world . 
  that does n't answer the question . 
  what does ` communities ' mean ? 
  the period we are in is like 5 minutes after one partner delivered the news to the other partner . 
  right now the notion between them is ` scorch the earth ' . 
  over time it usually at least becomes more rational and civil , even if it is bitter and protracted . 
  investors are not entirely rational people . 
  part of what is happening is a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  because project fear spent so much time priming for an instant economic apocalypse , the expectation of it is helping to make it a reality . 
  and also remember that some investors like risk . 
  some people will inevitably be looking to cash in on a weak # , and in the opportunities that arise via brexit . 
  so what will convince markets about brexit is n't going to be the media , which seem to live in a perpetual state of panic . 
  it 's not going to be the politicians who are full of angry rhetoric . 
  it 's likely to be what the central bank does in england ( and it 's commitment to the currency ) and the pattern that emerges over time between now and the end of negotiations . 
  right now it 's entirely business as usual for most of the economy . 
  perhaps people are delaying large scale investments . 
  and there are issues with property funds . 
  it 's volatile . 
  but ... the issue is n't stability so much as self-perpetuating panic that will only be fixed by statements from all sides to calm the fuck down . 
  which have n't happened yet . 
  what i think is that the tories expected to add this as another jewel in their crown of achievements . 
  dc wanted to finish his legacy with the win in scotland , and the win in the eu . 
  they thought project fear would scare the bejaysus out of england , and they could finally reign ukip in . 
  there is a plan , and it 's called ` go negotiate with the eu ' . 
  it 's hard to have a more defined plan considering this is totally terra incognito in eu history . 
  article 50 has never been invoked , and nobody knows how to go about dealing with the situation . 
  it 's in the best interest of both parties if things cool off a bit . 
  angry people do n't usually understand that they have something to lose , as the eu does with the uk . 
  the last thing people would want for less than pareto-optimal outcomes to occur because people barged into the negotiation with the media still in full crisis mode . 
  step one is to clean up uk politics internally , and for that process to produce the people who will determine exactly what the uk strategy is to focus on , and what concessions are allowable . 
  likewise , the more the eu gets back to worrying over its own internal crises ( like italy , switzerland , spain/portugal , and the refugees ) , the more the markets will calm down . 
  right now literally everything provokes some panic , and it will take time and cooler heads to stop it . 
  what is the actual definition of ` communities ' ? 
  most states are the actual owners of their own central banks , though those cbs are regulated by the ecb . 
  if ecb data got caught up in the probe , it 's likely an accidental catch , or ` collateral damage ' so to speak . 
  if it 's the files that were the issue ( as opposed to hardware ) , there 's no point in even protesting it . 
  the slovenians would just make copies of everything , and then hand back the data symbolically to give draghi back the remedy he 's after . 
  they could still use the copy of the data as they see fit in their own internal investigation . 
  i do n't think draghi is arguing that a cb can not be probed by the state itself , but that data containing ecb records and archives can not be seized . 
  if you were them , i think you would do exactly what uk is doing . 
  the uk political class is in absolute upheaval . 
  tories . 
  all undergoing a leadership change . 
  utter shock by all politicians , as they did n't expect the outcome and were blindsided . 
  the uk needs to get its internal affairs in order before it can realistically move to the negotiation table . 
  likewise , the markets need to calm down and become less volatile , similarly to how the angry and emotional ( irrational ) rhetoric coming from the eu needs to burn itself out . 
  it 's like a divorce : you would want to start dealing with all the details in the moment when people are not angry and are the most rational . 
  i wo n't accept as evidence an article from ` martketwatch ' . 
  i just made the point that you are reinforcing : that the media is full of articles saying it 's perfectly fine to ignore the result . 
  you 're just making my point for me . 
  as to the issue of lies , nobody really cares about the veracity of claims made in campaigning for referendums . 
  ` project fear ' was a campaign strategy created during the scottish referendum and used in the eu referendum because it was effective in the former . 
  it just failed in the latter . 
  where were all the people saying the scotland referendum results are invalid because the ` no ' campaign made lots of lies in the course of the campaign ? 
  one the big ones for example was that scotland declaring independence would have to immediately exit the eu and re-apply . 
  not only was that opinion not supported by a legal opinion from the eu itself , but now , in the course of scotland considering independence as a result of brexit , the plan that is being developed is to allow them a ` trial period ' where they are in fact eu citizens , but without a full vote until they have ratified all of the eu treaties . 
  so much for ` independence means out ' . 
  in the eu referendum , * lots * of lies were told , by both sides . 
  both campaigns ' strategy was to appeal to emotions , from different sides and different positions . 
  and it was up to individual voters to separate fact from fiction and make up their own mind about what they believed . 
  this idea that the eu referendum result was somehow unfair is just another part of the elaborate rationalisation to justify going against the vote result to get what some people want anyway . 
  the fact that they would take this position is why they need to be regulated , and why net neutrality is important to maintain . 
  telecoms should n't have to be given a political incentive in order to adapt to the change in technology , and in order to give consumers a better product . 
  this kind of anti-competitive behaviour should be shut down before it ever gets a chance to manifest . 
  that 's not how representative democracy works . 
  whether the result was ` consultative ' or legally binding is insignificant , and a technical issue . 
  it 's not a political issue . 
  consider that if the result had been remain , there would not be a problem , and the people who had voted leave would not be permitted to request a second referendum , or indulged in the idea of ignoring the result . 
  the issue here is that some part of the uk , including the government , media , and ` smarter , better half ' believe that they know what is best for the uk , and that this knowledge , even where based on experts , grants them the right to overcome the decision made by the other part . 
  the problem is that actually moving in that direction ( to overturn , or ignore the brexit result ) is profoundly anti-democratic . 
  it is profoundly anti-liberal values . 
  it is profoundly against the idea that a government is only legitimate where it derives its authority from the consent of the governed . 
  the result is obviously messy , 52-48 means someone is going to have their wishes overruled in a close vote . 
  but ... people agree by rule to respect the outcome of a referendum , win or lose . 
  that 's the only thing which makes a referendum , consultative or not , legitimate . 
  if you stand by and allow it to be overturned , it is to support a move toward lawlessness and fascism , but from a different direction . 
  where fascism of the leave campaign is based on xenophobia , this fascism is based on technocracy and intellectual superiority . 
  it is no better in reality than the other in terms of maintaining a legitimate government .
