  every time a transfer is made to settle a debt , both the credit and the debit associated with the settlement should be removed . 
  in other words , if all parties settle their debt , the balance is zero . 
  what 's happening now is that a massive amount of transactions are n't settled . 
  a level that is the same as it was in 2008 , right before the crash . 
  that 's what is sounding alarm bells in some places . 
  currently italy owes 350bn euros that it ca n't settle , because it does n't have the money to settle them . 
  likewise , the germany is owed 750bn euros by countries with banks that can not afford to pay it . 
  what this indicates is that people are pulling money out of both cash and assets ( stocks , bonds , etc ) in countries like italy and spain and putting them into german banks and assets . 
  the banks losing the funds do n't have the money to send . 
  it 's not clear that target2 imbalances * cause * recessions or economic instability . 
  but it is historically clear that this level of imbalance is clearly correlated with the events in 2008 . 
  what 's very worrying is that the ecb is being very coy about talking and dealing with it . 
  there 's a lot of ` there 's nothing to see here ' going around , just like there was in 2008 . 
  done . 
  now let 's talk about italy and target2 . 
  if financial security is the issue of concern , you should be extremely worried about target2 imbalances . 
  it should also be pointed out that emigration from e. europe to w. or n. europe is a totally rational decision most people would make if they were in the same position . 
  why would you stay working in a place that pays you half as much as you can get somewhere else ? 
  in fact , the same countries who are complaining about emigration are the ones happy to take advantage of cheaper labour , which acts on the whole to suppress wage growth in those places . 
  that in turn fuels migration . 
  the use of romania in it is because it is a low-cost state . 
  why pay 900 per day for a german developer when you can get a romanian one for half the price ? 
  it 's a bit rich to demand prices from factories that are so low that they have to cut all corners to hit them , then complain about the rights of workers . 
  the government is behaving the way it is in dhaka to protect the industry there -- because h&m et al would use factories elsewhere rather than pay prices to the factories that would support the wages their workers demand . 
  fast-fashion * does not * support workers 's rights . 
  it literally exists on the back of cheap labour . 
  it would not be possible without it . 
  this is a great thing . 
  responsibility matters . 
  i hope every developed nation follows suit . 
  for too long companies in the garment industry among many others have been saying ` we only have contracts with factories , local conditions are n't our legal responsibility . ', 
  at the same time , they demand prices of factories that force them to cut every corner they can . 
  the employees of rana plaza complained multiple times about the structural integrity of the building prior to its collapse . 
  management knew about it , but fixing the problem would have put them out of business ( even though collapse did anyway ) . 
  retailers just move their factory contracts elsewhere if anyone wants more money for a job than they are willing to pay . 
  fixing the problem means targeting all parties who are responsible for the situation , as the issue is systemic and not local . 
  i said earlier that you were behaving in an uncivil and unnecessary way . 
  here we see what i meant . 
   the fuck do you think ... you dimwit ... but you were too busy writing stupid s ** t to realize how much of a fool ... 
  i made a mistake . 
  but , you were an aggressive , insulting , jackass . 
  and you did it in a way that did n't need to happen . 
  not everyone on the internet is out to waste your time , or spout off rubbish . 
  sometimes people misunderstand each other . 
  i get the sense that you 're a hateful and jaded person , at least on the internet . 
  you might want to work on that . 
  i 'll try not to make mistakes in the future . 
  contract manufacturing is likely included in it . 
  gets included in our gdp figures as well , aka ` leprechaun economics ' . 
  ag is the only sector i 'm aware of where we do a lot of strong exporting , and i do n't think it overcomes our import needs . 
   the taliban were suppressed and were so utterly beaten that they were only capable of guerilla warfare . 
  in this context , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  the taliban always fought guerilla style war , all the way from the time they were mujahadeen . 
   i hope you know this , but the balkans and the baltics are 2 very different places . 
  yes , you 're right about that . 
  it appears we have a misunderstanding . 
  i 've made a mistake , which happens . 
  however , that makes you an even bigger arsehole . 
  you could have , like 5 comments back , said ` we 're talking about two different things , are you aware of it ? ' . 
  but rather than do that , you drag out the conversation and throw out personal insults . 
  was that necessary ? 
  do you always assume the people you interact with are not discussing in good faith ? 
  okay , you 've ` won ' i guess . 
  i was bringing this up to add to the conversation . 
  i will think twice when i see your name in the future . 
  lol . 
  like i said , you 're being an arsehole . 
  i 'm wondering if the talk about adhd was a projection . 
  let 's help you remember the flow of conversation : you : what do the russians get from invading the baltics ? 
  me : mountains . 
  from baltics to tatras . 
  you : modern technology makes mountains irrelevant . 
  me : worked in afghanistan for the taliban you : why are you comparing afghanistan to the baltics ? 
  me : because the mountains offset the superiority of us forces , and because the us did n't win . 
  technology is n't everything . 
   then why are you wasting my time with you comparing the baltics to tora bora ? 
  hopefully so that you can understand the point i 'm actually making . 
  as above . 
   what mountains are there in the baltics ? 
  i 'd like for you to point them out . 
  the ones aptly named the [ balkan mountains ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkan_mountains ) . 
  also , again , you gave a map without labels on it . 
  shall i point at my screen for you ? 
   but me and the others were , until you started interfering . 
  these are your literal words :  please tell me what russia would gain , in any way , by invading the baltics ? 
  do n't ask questions if you do n't want them answered . 
  the only thing i did was : 1 ) answer the question , 2 ) provide supporting evidence , 3 ) provide a rationale , 4 ) eventually provide source . 
  what you ca n't stand is someone disagreeing with your views , which is childish . 
  i often wonder if people like you are as unpleasant in real life as they are on the internet . 
  i doubt it . 
   you keep claiming that by invading the baltics , russia would get an impenetrable buffer zone and compare them to tora bora . 
  intentional misinterpretation . 
  i never claimed russia would get an impenetrable zone . 
  i said it 's easier to defend mountains than a plain . 
  as for maps , kind of you to add one without any labels , which make it hard for me to do what you ask . 
  how about we use one like [ this ] ( https://image.slidesharecdn.com/europemapstudy-100624015503-phpapp01/95/europe-map-study-32-728.jpg?cb=1277344629 ) which at least have basic labels . 
  even on your map , you can see the ` backwards s-curve ' of the mountains stretching from the balkans through the carpathians , and up into the tatras . 
  or do you deny these mountains too ? 
   oh , so now the russians are planning to invade all of eastern europe ? 
  i think you have watched a bit too much caspian report .
