  no it 's about current account surplus , which is a result of a trade imbalance . 
  first of all , i 'm not gloating about the result . 
  if i were , i would point out that we suffered for 800 years , and all they got was karma . 
  and a lot of irish would be * very * happy to consider that our brothers in n. ireland might finally get to come home . 
  the chance for a united ireland is closer now than it has * ever * been . 
  but i 'm not at all interested in england going down in flames . 
  in fact , i 'm extremely * worried * because all the work that has been done to restore a figment of peace is now entirely in danger of collapsing . 
  i 'm also sick to the teeth of hearing all of these ` remain ' supporters talk about how the leave campaign is nothing but hateful , ignorant , ingrates , and at the same time unleashing a torrent of hate against them , their own countrymen . 
  i 'm sick of reading article after article in denial about how it happened and only interested in blame . 
  i 'm sick of seeing grown men and women who are supposed to be leaders behaving like petulant children . 
  i have loads of reasons to be upset about the situation -- but none of them are about seeing england suffer . 
   since ( like any important referendum ) there was no super majority or uk wide consensus needed for leave to win . 
  not true . 
  the terms of reference were set for a simple majority across the eu . 
  tor for ref . 
  are usually set this way . 
  in fact , tor which required greater than a simple majority would have been inherently biased and unfair . 
   perhaps that 's a reason to not hold a referendum , then ? 
  i did n't hear anyone saying this when it worked in scotland . 
   i 'm going to be skeptical that you knew what you were voting for . 
  be skeptical !, 
  just do n't make assumptions and assume others are incapable of being reasonable because they do n't agree . 
   if you 're trying to suggest that both sides are equally to blame , that is as fictional as any leave claim . 
  i 'm saying the result points to a more complicated picture than people expected , and , rather than ask questions about it and try to figure out what it means , you are turning on each other instead . 
  all i 've seen is people being ugly and apportioning blame . 
   i can not see any reasonable basis for voting leave here . 
  you could n't , others could . 
  i 'm not even saying they are right . 
  i 'm saying that this happened because the eu is utterly failing to convince people that it leads to a better life * for everybody * . 
  in fact , for leavers , they trust the uk government more than the eu . 
   while you 're on that high horse , perhaps you 'd like to propose your own method to convince people that they voted for total rubbish ? 
  it 's not anyone 's job to do that * now * . 
  there was at least 6 months and a nationwide campaign who set out to do that very thing . 
  it failed . 
  in fact , have you considered the fact that perhaps the eu project is n't as inspiring as you think it is , and that if it had been , the results would have been an overwhelming victory for remain ? 
  that 's why they 're crucifying corbyn right now by the way -- because he was unable to fully campaign for an organisation that he has deep misgivings about . 
  a sentiment which is shared by many people , but which you give no credence . 
  but at this point , what you have to do is to figure out how to deal with the failure of that campaign and to start repairing the damage that the ref has revealed to the social fabric of the uk . 
   are you in northern ireland ? 
  do you live elsewhere in the uk ? 
  or are you talking from a position of relative ignorance ? 
  i am an irish person who is directly affected by the result , and who has deep and extensive ties to and within n. ireland . 
  i am also someone who has new worries that you frankly have n't considered yet . 
  you 're worried about your economy . 
  we 're worried about peace . 
  this vote changed everything for us , so do n't be so sure we 're ignorant . 
  i do n't know what the eu would do with it . 
  which if true , is irrelevant . 
  referendums are won and lost by actual votes , not good intentions . 
  no , there were irreconcilable differences . 
  that was clear when dc went to europe to fight for the changes the uk wanted and came back with basically nothing . 
  i 'm not a farage fan , just so you know . 
  he makes me laugh , and he winds everybody up . 
  i think that schaeuble and his cohort are ideological purists who are enforcing a deliberate agenda on europe . 
  i fully understand the eu is built on ` consensus ' and ` cooperation ' . 
  at the same time i also fully have observed that there is never any disagreement because internal leverage is brought to bear on those who do n't want to play ball . 
  i also see that in general , the rules apply in proportion to the size of the country and its economic clout . 
  spend money . 
  raise wages . 
  rebuild the infrastructure . 
  increase domestic demand . 
  encourage consumption . 
  provide a stimulus . 
  or any number of other things that people do when they are n't hoarding money for ideological reasons . 
  you are behaving like a juvenile throwing a tantrum because he did n't get his way . 
  and on top of that doing nothing but demeaning people you do n't understand for having a different opinion . 
  you are the exact example of the thing i was trying to point out . 
  a person totally out of touch with other people 's reality , and uninterested in understanding . 
  it 's like it 's suddenly this big surprise and some big betrayal . 
  but in fact , over many , many years , this kind of division and mistrust has been building between social classes in the uk . 
  the people who are ` haves ' and those who are ` have nots ' . 
  the people who have prospects for growth , and those who do n't . 
  have a read [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/commentisfree/2016/jun/24/divided-britain-brexit-money-class-inequality-westminster ) in the guardian . 
  genuinely one of the most reasonable and insightful articles about brexit . 
  and maybe when you 're done being childish , you and the rest of the remain uk can start figuring out how to put things back together . 
  because the only thing that stopped the violence was the gfa . 
  and the gfa is made possible because there is no longer a partition between ireland and ni . 
  ( at least not in a practical sense ) people still remember having to go through border checks , and being harassed by the border guards . 
  people still think of ireland , both n and s , as being ` our island ' , regardless of which states are involved in it . 
  a new border would in that sense be someone else forcibly trying to divide us . 
  i ca n't tell if a serious question or not ... 
  there would be no impetus to improve anything as a result of a remain vote . 
  the status quo would be untouched . 
  what you ca n't understand it seems is that for a whole bunch of people , the ` status quo ' is unacceptable and their prospects dim . 
  the uk is experiencing basically a class revolt and not only has n't understood it , but also has zero idea how to deal with it . 
  the whole ` those voters are stupid and selfish ' is both arrogant , and entirely blind . 
  it just shows how entirely out of touch the ` remainers ' are to social and economic situation in the uk . 
   i am wishing something bad on myself , in effect that is just as unnecessary . 
  actually , it kind of makes it worse . 
   i do not want the country to fuck itself over on the basis of an incredibly flawed referendum . 
  there was nothing wrong with the referendum . 
  the result maybe a shite one , but it 's about as fair as it could be . 
  did people tell lies ? 
  yes , but it was n't * just * the leave campaign . 
  this approach of fear-mongering and scare-tactics is part of the playbook now , and it was demonstrated effectively in 2014 in scotland . 
  everybody learned from it . 
   they wo n't accept facts or reasonable discussion . 
  i just do n't assume that people who disagree with me are stupid . 
  i expect they have their own reasons for it . 
  have you considered that the remain supporters and campaign are so out of touch with the reality in ` little england ' they they have n't a clue how things really are ?
