  it 's almost like people having a dispute do n't like each other . 
  it does n't matter whether the eu or uk think the other one is reasonable . 
  what matters is both committing to work out a deal that will avoid mutually assured economic destruction . 
  because that 's the outcome most likely following a hard brexit . 
  you too . 
  i hope rational thinking does n't cause you too many other issues today . 
  may it continue being blissful and ignorant . 
  this is just confirmation bias . 
  i 'm not even really on the uk 's side fyi . 
  the uk does 60 % of its trade with non-eu states . 
  there is significant investment in the uk by those states , and significant investment by the uk in those states . 
  that 's what globalism means . 
  and in reality nobody wants to lose that . 
  states involved with the uk are n't going to throw away their money because the uk and eu have a dispute . 
  the idea that the whole world will turn against the uk over a bad brexit , or because the uk demands controls over immigration the eu wo n't allow , is unreasonable . 
  it is seeing what you want to see because you believe the uk is ` bad ' for choosing brexit . 
   if eu 's claims are juridically sound they can be enforced through tariffs , if need be . 
  it 's quite a difference . 
  enforcing tariffs will start a trade war . 
  the uk will reciprocate . 
  that 's not the same thing as winning in court . 
   that 's pretty much what they did in the eu too : negotiate an agreement , then call it into question and reassert their first position against the former agreement ( which already was a compromise , taking their interests into account ) , leading to a double dip . 
  i honestly do n't care about eu relations with the uk . 
  i do n't care about ` winning ' . 
  i do n't care about refusing to deal and blaming it on the other guy . 
  politicians ( on both sides ) and reddit commentors seem totally ignorant of the profound economic consequences of being petty and of letting pride get in the way of trying to make the deal with the least economic disruption . 
   then they wo n't trigger art . 
  50 to begin with . 
  are you taking bets on that ? 
  that 's very contrary to reality . 
  countries have disputes all the time . 
  in this scenario , the uk and the eu would have a dispute , and the relations between them would have soured . 
  there 's no situation in which anyone is going to invade anyone over an outstanding brexit bill . 
  there 's not even a court in which the eu could turn post-brexit to try and recover the money . 
  in other words , paying it is entirely an act of goodwill , of a desire to do it . 
  in a hard brexit scenario , there 's no goodwill to be had between the parties and an expectation of payment is fanciful . 
  this is mad . 
  after notification of article 50 , within two years whether or not a deal is reached , the uk will have zero legal obligation to the eu , and there will be no court in which the eu can enforce any obligation it thinks its owed anyway . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , the cjeu will not have any jurisdiction over the uk , because it will not be subject to it . 
  and worse , even if the eu did somehow win in some mysterious court , who would enforce it ? 
  not sure what point you 're trying to make here . 
  the renter/landlord analogy is not applicable to the uk/eu situation . 
  the ` exit bill ' is leverage , nothing more . 
  it 's leverage because the uk still wants something ( access to the single market ) and the eu can impose conditions on getting it . 
  but with or without a deal , two years after article 50 , the treaties , and all eu recourse , end . 
  if you 're the uk , and the negotiations become bitter and hateful , and you think you 're not going to get anywhere , then you just walk away . 
  the eu would be a bit ` funny ' to make continued contributions a requirement to have talks about a brexit outcome which is going to happen with or without a deal . 
  it may not seem like it to the eu right now , but a hard brexit is a lose-lose for everyone . 
  and the more that hotheads on a power trip on both sides get to make the decision , the more that regular people in both the eu and uk will suffer . 
  honestly this whole thing should be worked out by economists with politicians entirely sidelined . 
  you would almost think , listening to the comments here , that the eu has nothing at all to lose with a hard brexit . 
  that there wo n't be many eu companies and banks exposed to massive losses if brexit goes sideways . 
  quite a big economic risk to be taking when deflation is knocking on the door , and draghi is out of tools to fight it . 
  and really how hard was it ? 
  the only thing turkey is being asked to do or not do is ` do n't become an islamo-fascist state ' . 
  the eu might have overlooked cyprus . 
  it might have overlooked the move toward autocracy or greater executive control ( looking at orban ) . 
  it might have even given a very sternly worded letter about suppression of dissent . 
  all of that to keep the two million or whatever refugees camped out in turkey from heading down to greece . 
  but we all know that there is zero space for any state in the eu to embrace islam and reject liberal and neoliberal traditions . 
  if there is any one thing which is going to eliminate turkey from ever even being considered for eu membership it is a reactionary movement against turkey 's secular constitution . 
  accession will not be suitable for discussion until turkey has settled that matter convincingly . 
  their secular commitment was the one thing they had going for them . 
  you just do n't get that in such a situation you are likely to die anyway . 
  there are people shooting into the crowd to do that . 
  you wo n't be calm . 
  you will be scared . 
  it is unavoidable . 
  and you may make a mistake . 
  but you are also the only thing standing between killers and them killing with impunity . 
  maybe you would also succeed . 
  if in no other way than forcing the gunman to go on the defensive rather than being purely offensive . 
  returning fire at you means some other people are n't being targeted . 
  but the point is n't rampant speculation about superheroes . 
  its that the situation is n't worse than doing nothing . 
  i 'd rather some brave soul drop an attacker with a pistol than wrestle him down unarmed . 
  gun free zones only accomplish political points ; and they deprive people of any means to defend themselves . 
  that a learning curve exists is not a reason per se to ban something . 
  nor is it a reason to default to the lowest possible training level as an assumption . 
  the whole scenario you 're putting forward is a confirmation bias . 
  1 ) it has happened , but sparingly . 
  that is to be expected : shooting incidents are the least prevalent form of violent crime , even in the us , and not all that many people carry firearms even where they are allowed to . 
  2 ) there 's no basis to make that claim . 
  if a need arose for such a response ( self-defense for survival ) , having a firearm would in fact be safer than not having one . 
  in fact , the idea of gun control at all is entirely political . 
  it 's a way to place convenient blame without having to really address the root causes of the issue . 
  no , it 's possible because the ` political ' solution of gun control is irrational . 
  at a minimum it fails to even try to address the problem . 
  people are trying to assert that there are only two types of firearm owners : total novices with no skill or training ; and elite commandos or bruce willis in die hard . 
  there are many skill levels in between . 
  the scenario where someone just fires blindly into the crowd is among the least likely to occur . 
  a basic rule of firearms learned on day one is ` know what is in front and behind your target . ', 
  people who would be willing to carry a firearm into the world have thought about this . 
  it 's the reason they decide to carry in the first place . 
  there are two other points : 1 ) police response time is not fast enough . 
  especially anti-terror police . 
  2 ) any solution or law that defies rational thought ( as political solutions do ) is a bad solution . 
  the balance of risk still favours the civilian with the firearm . 
  even if he 's fired his gun once in a range . 
  the risk that he might hurt an innocent person is miniscule in comparison to the risk posed to civilians if he does nothing .
