  the guys in champagne , france * invented * champagne . 
  the guys in italy invented parmesan cheese . 
  when you eat those products , you 're not just eating sparkling wine or cheese . 
  you 're eating the original product and more importantly , its heritage . 
  you know you 're eating food that has been made the same way for generations . 
  california champagne producers are n't just making a competing product -- they 're trading on the heritage of champagne , france . 
  but without it being made there . 
  they call it champagne because they want to compete with real champagne -- but it is n't . 
  only wine made in the champagne region can be called champagne . 
  anything else made anywhere else is n't . 
  were american products allowed to use these protected terms , consumers would not be able to know which was authentic and which was n't , and the term would become generic and meaningless . 
  orban can not block article 7 . 
  it does not require a unanimous vote . 
  article 7 can be passed with a qualified majority . 
  hungary ca n't stop it . 
  this is a very good point . 
  a conflict between the will of the german people vis a vis their leaders and the will of the eu is one that needs to happen in a very public way . 
  not because drama is desirable , but because the conflict between 27ish member states and the collective action of the eu is a core stumbling block to progress in the eu . 
  it needs to be solved to make things work effectively . 
  what i 'm getting at is that debt relief could have been sorted now but was n't because of the looming german elections . 
  whether that 's in 2018 or not was just a wrong detail . 
  the imf 's refusal to get involved directly is because the eu faction wo n't agree to a debt relief to principle ( not a delay of maturity ) which would recast the greek debt profile and make it sustainable in the eyes of the imf . 
  so far , the recalcitrance in agreeing debt relief has been portrayed to be a firmly german objection . 
  or at least that other countries are falling in line behind the german policy position on the matter . 
  in that sense if the germans came around to the idea , it 's likely everyone else would too . 
  but schauble and the conservatives are alleged to have refused on principle of not providing schultz and other opposition any political capital . 
  they do n't want to be accused of conspicuously throwing away german taxpayers ' money even though we all know tacitly at this stage that these bailouts are exactly that . 
  and of course that modus for self-preservation by german leaders comes at the expense of greece , which is paying for it in more than one way . 
  so , i 'm both right and wrong . 
  they are coincidentally scheduled after the elections . 
  right about that . 
  but the elections are n't in 2018 , which i kind of implied . 
  wrong about that . 
  anybody want to bet the 2018 discussions will be coincidentally scheduled after the german federal elections ? 
  omg the things i will buy if they cost the same in the eu as they do in japan ... 
   but this is an election for a representative assembly . 
  the party still has to pick candidates from a pool of candidates . 
  the system is one representative for a constituency . 
  so assuming 50 % female , 50 % male ( which is roughly the demographic ) constituent demography , one representative can never represent the both sexes evenly . 
  so picking the most qualified candidate , no matter what sex they are , can be said to be ` representative ' of the constituency . 
  if you 're arguing that the assembly itself should be representative , aka 50/50 , male to female , then equality is not the motivating factor at a granular level . 
  instead it 's * overall * parity . 
  or in other words , it 's not equality in process , it 's parity in outcome and these are not the same thing . 
   what you say is like saying `` you should n't be selected for your political opinion but only your qualifications '' . 
  political opinion is a qualification . 
   obviously an assembly that is full of white men will not vote the same laws as an assembly full of black women for example . 
  why is that ? 
  are either white men or women or black men incapable of making the best choices because they are either white , black , or female ? 
  or because they are male or black ? 
  it 's almost like you 're arguing that either sex or race has some impact on reasoning ability itself . 
   feel like you misunderstand the role of the parliament . 
  not at all . 
  from my pov , what you 're doing is being reductive and taking the ` shortcut ' to ` equality ' which in doing so actually produces the opposite . 
   ... what ? 
  what i 'm getting at here is that the issue with ` equality ' in hiring or elections is the same issue as to the capability of leaders in general . 
  people are always complaining about those in charge in that they are either fail to make good decisions or are untrustworthy . 
  the solution to that problem is the same solution to the equality issue : pick good people of good character and qualifications . 
  the view that an assembly or hiring process needs to be regulated by an enforced outcome is the same thing as saying that it 's impossible to pick good people or good character and qualifications . 
  and in our context , that idea is based on the underlying notion that men are incapable of being good or fair with regard to decisions like hiring or electing . 
  if that is true , i was saying why not just remove them from the equation and let those who are capable do the work . 
  in other words , i was reflecting on the assumptions which underlay the process and challenging them . 
  technically , s/he is correct . 
  it should be merit , and if it 's not merit , it 's not equality . 
  parity ! = equality . 
  and even in an election , it still matters in the same way that it matters in hiring . 
  lrem as a ` party ' has to choose its candidates . 
  in an objectively equal system , all candidates are selected based on their individual merit , without any consideration to such factors as race , religion , gender , or age ( except where perhaps they would be too old or young to do the job ) . 
  if lrem rules out a more deserving applicant for candidacy in favour of one who is less qualified , but of a target gender , it has committed the very act of sex discrimination it is attempting to prevent . 
  really behind the notion of parity as a measure of equality is the idea that left to their own devices , men will pick men . 
  and because of that , men must be forced to pick women . 
  that more or less is a belief that men are inherently sexist and can not be trusted to be fair in decision-making . 
  so it must be enforced on them . 
  and if you start from a position at the outset that says one sex is incapable of being fair , you can never reach equality even if you reach parity . 
  in fact , why not replace all men with women , as the women are the only people capable of objectively fair decisions ? 
  if you 're relying on mad doctrine to prevent nuclear war , you 're already halfway there . 
  you 're doing geopolitics wrong, 
  i agree with your overall point that belligerant and ` all or nothing ' approaches are unhelpful and wo n't provide the best outcome . 
  but your first sentence is , well , arrogant . 
  the uk is not at a disadvantage or weak . 
  eu shills constantly assume that the uk ca n't live without the eu , and that the eu can simply cut ties without any issues . 
  neither is true . 
  both sides are facing substantial loss and serious hardship with a bad brexit . 
  a bad brexit in fact has the potential to tank both economies -- at least in the short term . 
  it is in everyone 's interest to make the separation as clean as possible , to limit any economic fallout , and to be open to compromise . 
  you may not see it , but the eu saying ` it 's all or nothing with the freedoms and policy ' is every bit as confrontational and an ultimatum as the ' a bad deal is worse than no deal ' approach of the uk . 
  hopefully adults get to negotiate this . 
  the us is n't interested in climate change . 
  it never has been and as long as change requires economic sacrifice , never will be . 
  no country has ever needed a thatcher . 
  not even england . 
  they were simply cursed with her . 
  would you like me to change it to ` said one eejit on reddit ' ? 
  said no one ever . 
  may she burn in hell . 
  first problem is with who exactly the ` irish ' that would be kicked out of england/uk would be . 
  it 's true that there were tons of republic of ireland ( roi ) nationals living in the uk at that time . 
  but the majority of the ira bombings were carried out by people who were technically british citizens , aka republicans of northern ireland . 
  was there collusion between southern republicans and northern republicans in ira operations ? 
  sure . 
  but most of the battle was in ni on both sides .
