  if you ca n't see consent is not really consent , and ca n't see how lopsided the balance of power is , i fear you will be constantly surprised by what happens in the future . 
  people have very different definitions of reform . 
  some people want a federal europe , and that 's what they mean by it . 
  my version changes the balance of power such that powerful states can not put their interests above the interests of the others , by say maintaining an illegal 8 % + trade surplus / year , or enforcing effective debt slavery on a smaller state . 
  i would like to see a concentrated effort to stabilise debt levels in the periphery states , to invest heavily in e. europe so as to increase their wages and quality of living , and a very large demand-side stimulus to get people buying and inflation above zero . 
  in other words , to reject ` neo-liberalism ' and to use the power of the $ to build greater equality between states , rather than to reinforce the divisions between them . 
  you made the argument that the eu is not responsible for the views people have about it in the uk . 
  in effect , you argue that what people are blaming on the eu should be blamed on the uk government instead . 
  not only is it an example of the arrogant idea that voters who voted leave are just stupid voters , but it also assumes that none of the problems of the eu written about repeatedly in the media and the sub ever happened . 
  all of this really seems to be utter shock that anyone would actually stand up to the eu and risk all the negative consequences of it . 
  or that voters would make up their minds without first considering the ` markets ' and what they think . 
  that for once politics might be about more than the value of the # , whether one agrees with the views of others or not . 
  the leave campaign started as a fringe movement . 
  and each and every time brussels or berlin ( or frankfurt ) fucked something up , the movement gained more traction . 
  that such a movement grew large enough to affect real change in national politics is * entirely * as a result of the orthodox politics languishing and failing to offer a meaningful alternative . 
  they just do n't believe in the eu vision , and they have good reason for it , whether uk leaders are buffoons are not . 
  you 've written a lot and i think it 's easier to respond than to take it line by line . 
  i do n't know whether in the long run brexit will be good or bad for britain . 
  i do n't think anyone knows -- as much as the media is full of doomsayers right now . 
  a lot will depend on how affairs are conducted going forward . 
  what i can say is that for these voters several things are true : * they trust their national government more than the eu * the vote was about breaking the status quo , as represented by the eu * they want rules and regulations they set , not those set by brussels i totally agree that disadvantaged people living under a tory government should never expect improvements in their circumstances , and that a lot of the problem derives from the british government rather than singularly from the eu . 
  i 'm not saying the eu is all bad . 
  i am however saying that the future of the eu is going to be determined by germany , and that everyone is going to be forced to go along with it . 
  such is widely understood and has happened in effect . 
  look at the refugee plan and the quotas . 
  look at greece . 
  since there was obviously no change coming in the eu system to bring about greater equality between member states , to solve any of the long-standing issues , and in general a domination of some states over others , at least the uk is outside such a system . 
  now they can fuck up their own economy and politics themselves . 
  hopefully someone besides the conservatives will take the reigns and things can improve . 
  i ca n't take seriously the argument that the eu had nothing at all to do with the views on the eu held by british voters . 
  the eu is not a simple scapegoat for problems created by tory governments . 
  while certainly those governments did harm to income equality and social justice , the eu is hardly a good example to contrast to local leaders . 
  were the eu an effective alternative , the choice would have been easy . 
  instead it appears a lot of people are angry at british voters for rejecting the eu for the same things they themselves constantly complain about . 
  it 's like ` how dare you do something about the problems we are always bringing up . ', 
  and yet , if they 'd voted remain , would anything have changed ? 
  if i had a $ for every time someone used the phrase ` extend and pretend ' about the eu in this sub , i would not need to work for a living . 
  the eu was ( and is ) desperate for reform ( and reform in the sense of meaningful change , not the greek kind ) . 
  was there any talk of it ? 
  is there any talk of it now , considering juncker 's sniffy language to the uk after ? 
  for people who feel left behind by a system , a vote to exit that system is a natural result . 
  the uncertainty everyone else now feels is nothing new to them . 
  in fact without it , there would n't even be a conversation . 
  welcome to their world , in that sense . 
  it is possible that those who voted brexit on purpose are not just ignorant voters . 
  they might have actually had a reason for it , as much as nobody wants to hear it . 
  in fact , the arrogance shown in the media and this sub is pretty astounding . 
  nobody ever thought that these might be the people left behind in english society -- the ones whose regions lack meaningful work , have dim prospects , whose people live on benefits and are marginalised , and whom the ` amazing ' machine of capitalism has forgotten . 
  particularly , the eu referendum is a symbolic revolt against the powers of the status quo , even where it has racist overtones and essentially blames the big ` other ' . 
  nobody seems to understand that life in plenty of places in the uk was not rosy , and the inability of the power structures and institutions to rectify this inequality created the space for this leave vote to grow . 
  if the eu could solve its own fiscal problems , and the uk government whom is representative of the eu at a national level had a meaningful vision to reform society , there would not have ever been a brexit in the first place . 
  people who are blaming the voters helped create the reality that they are now experiencing . 
  once you have a second vote , the issue will never be settled . 
  why not a 3rd vote ? 
  17 million people voted to leave . 
  how many of them could sign a new petition ? 
  either everyone agrees to abide by the results , or referenda are inherently invalid . 
  the return of the border controls a la the troubles period would likely kick-off a return to violence and explode the peace process . 
  many republicans in the north are * very * sensitive to the idea that the island of ireland be forcibly divided . 
  especially since ni voted to remain and is being overruled by england and wales . 
  the balance of power and peace is very fragile , though it has endured for such a long time . 
  enact a new border and forcibly change the circumstances surrounding how ni relates to both the roi and the eu , and the recipe for trouble looks inevitable . 
  god it 's getting tiring listening to people crying about the referendum and willing to throw the baby out with the bath water in order to get another shot at it . 
  thanks for saying what you did . 
  it 's almost like people should take a short break from r/europe in order to let all of these people burn themselves out . 
  i love how in the wake of brexit , everybody has mysteriously forgotten all of the times that the eu forced some country to do something it did n't want to do . 
  like greece . 
  like ireland . 
  like the eastern europeans and immigrants/refugees . 
  and on and on . 
  everybody is unhappy with the eu and how it operates , all the sudden the british say enough is enough , and the problem somehow becomes * theirs * . 
  where is the talk about how the eu can be a more prosperous and equitable union amongst all its member states ? 
  there is none . 
  how dare the british voters find the behaviour of the eu objectionable and object . 
  somebody has finally stood up to brussels and berlin . 
  and it 's like the world has ended . 
  i agree that a close result was always a possibility , and that it is the worst outcome . 
  i do n't overlook 48 % of the uk voters . 
  especially being from ireland and seeing both what scotland and my brothers from ni voted . 
  but ... 
  in a democratic society , people agree to abide by the results of a vote whether they win or lose . 
  it 's fundamental to the process of legitimising the vote itself . 
  people agree in other words that whomever gets the majority wins . 
  they could have for example required a 2/3s majority or even 3/4 majority in order to pass it . 
  but they did n't , and they have a result . 
  now everyone needs to live with it , and honestly they need to cop on to the fact that the eu needs to change , and that its policies and behaviour is what drove this result . 
  not stupid british voters -- poor eu performance and base unfairness . 
  that 's where the problem lays . 
  smh honestly -- the eu seems utterly doomed because it never catches on to the cause of its own problems no matter what happens . 
  this is n't a surprise result . 
  sooner or later , it was bound to happen somewhere if it had n't happened to the uk . 
  absolutely not . 
  lies were told by both sides . 
  the onus is on the voter to untangle fact from fiction . 
  that 's what responsible adults do -- make informed choices . 
  tbh , it 's time to stop crying about the result and start working to fix the underlying problems . 
  you can not argue both that referenda have meaning and that they do n't have meaning at the same time . 
  you also can not argue that referenda results are valid and that they are invalid at the same time . 
  either we have referenda with meaningful results , which both sides agree to abide by , whatever they are , or we have sham plebiscites being held to make people feel as if they have been consulted , when in fact they really have n't . 
  itt is being missed * the entire message * of the eu referendum results : * that the eu has failed in its current modus operandi and must be reformed * .
