  so do n't count on that as the driving force behind your wishes . 
  the eu is 28 states at present . 
  of course it is more diversified . 
  my only point is that it also suffers some serious financial weakness . 
  independent monetary policy , a strong ( ish ) currency and a world financial centre that can exist outside the eu = robust economy . 
  what worries me about the eu is that it 's economy in aggregate is delicate , and there is n't much available to support it . 
   the uk is much more unstable at this point politically maybe . 
  economically , no , at least right now . 
   and far from debt-free either uk debt : gdp = 90 % . 
  note when you have your own currency , the value of this calculation is low . 
  it ca n't default , and it only has to worry about inflation ( which is stagnant ) if it decides to pay this down . 
   the eu has had the sovereign debt crisis , anyway . 
  it was overcome . 
  not even close . 
  ask greece about the sov debt crisis . 
  or spain . 
  or italy . 
  or portugal . 
  the crisis has not been solved . 
  unless 25-40 % unemployment was a solution . 
   that 's not caused by the eu , but the eu will be necessary to deal with it . 
  the eu manages its currency with its own institution . 
  you can not divorce ` problems in the financial markets ' from problems caused by the management of the eu , as eu policies constrain the ecb , as well as ideology ; these impact both the markets and individual states . 
   you are counting the ability to use the central bank as a positive when considering the uk 's position , but if the eu does it it 's suddenly a liability . 
  draghi got a way with omt . 
  the germans sued him , and themselves , and lost . 
  i count the ability of carney to manage the uk currency and to inject capital or other ` state aid ' as a positive , because it gives the uk options in face of a crisis . 
  the eu does not have these tools , as a function of treaty constraints . 
   you were talking as if the eu would be trying `` to put a border across ireland '' . 
  i did . 
  because other europeans are stating that if the uk wo n't concede to free movement of labour , a border will be necessary . 
  i stated clearly that ireland entirely disagree with that , as do the uk . 
  so if both object to a change in the cta , it will be the eu trying to enforce it over both their objections . 
  the eu can blame it on the uk , and maybe even rightly so -- but bottom line is that ireland can not allow it . 
  you should know as someone with england flare what is at stake . 
   stop painting the eu as a bogeyman . 
  i do n't get your objection . 
  for a border to go up in ni , the eu would have to overrule both ireland and the uk . 
  in this instance overruling ireland would be the key factor . 
  it 's very difficult not to think of the eu as a bogeyman if it would rather re-ignite the troubles than listen to the state who would be primarily and directly impacted by it . 
  the message i wrote was to other europeans , not to the uk . 
  and i was n't demonising the eu either , just stating that this decision can not be left to the common ` consensus ' process of mass agreement , except where everyone agrees to let ireland determine whether a border can exist between it and the uk via ni . 
  we are n't really arguing about the same things . 
  i 'm not insinuating that any other eu country has a different opinion towards the uk regarding the demands the uk is making . 
  ( though ireland have a very different and more pressing concern ) we 're discussing the aftermath of an ugly divorce . 
  imagine everybody on both sides refuses to concede anything , and talks collapse . 
  my whole point is that the resulting economic catastrophe hits the countries in the eu harder in some places than in others , as some states are more vulnerable than others . 
  perhaps big states like germany do okay in weathering the storm , but small states like spain , or vulnerable states like italy , do n't . 
  those states go into actual crisis . 
  what can the ecb do to help ? 
  what tools does it have left ? 
  it ca n't get involved until after a bail-in happens , which is only going to make things worse . 
  it ca n't just give states money -- so it would again be a fractious debate as germany assumes that it is responsible for bailing out the eu all by itself . 
  they feel that way about greece now -- imagine it was greece , spain , portugal , italy , and/or ireland . 
  my conclusion was thus that the eu , not the states themselves , would likely not survive a crisis of that magnitude , because in general the tools to solve it are weak and political liabilities . 
  lesser crises have shown that the eu is inept at solving real problems . 
  this would be much , much , worse . 
  i do n't disagree that politically the uk is on unstable territory . 
  i do expect scotland to go their own way , though to be frank myself , such would probably benefit the uk economically , as the uk do a massive subsidisation of the scottish economy . 
  wales and ni are a mystery as to what they 'll actually do . 
  what i really dislike is this ` it 's going to hurt you more than us ' narrative , which is being used to cheer on the worst possible outcome for everyone . 
   those countries have survived world wars and plagues . 
  they will survive a british decision to leave the single eu market . 
  the states survived wars and plagues . 
  no one is claiming after an ugly brexit , france would n't be france . 
  the eu is not that kind of permanent state . 
  it is composed of many nations and exists purely cooperatively . 
  the landscape internally within the eu is fragmented . 
  individual states have different policy aims , different economic stability and strength , different values and ideologies , and different political stability . 
  a deep and powerful impact from brexit will not hit all eu states the same way , while at the same time the tools which exist to support them exist at a european level , at an arms length in a way . 
  look at germany vetoing the italian plan to save their banks . 
  now imagine something like that but 10x worse . 
  i highly doubt the eu itself , not its constituent member states , can survive an implosion caused by an anaemic policy response to an existential threat . 
  you were partly right . 
  there was n't much on telly so i was being a bit provocative . 
  people feel betrayed by the uk and the statement it made about the value of the eu project . 
   that 's not going to happen with tories at the helm . 
  and frankly , repeated devaluations are not a hallmark of successful economies . 
  carney has already signalled his willingness to backstop uk banks , and i think even the tories would be more willing to bend their strictness if it came down to that or deep recession . 
  there are benefits to devaluation anyway , especially if the uk is hoping to kickstart its export markets to help reduce the losses from the eu market . 
   the eurozone only needs to deepen the existing solidarity , that is a monumental feat . 
  not just making everybody who remains feel good about europe . 
  but solving deep imbalances and conflicting aims and approaches to policy . 
  the recession from 6-8 years ago has not been resolved . 
   and then they still only are in the same position as most other countries in the world , most of which are n't as prosperous as the eu and show no signs of becoming so any time soon . 
  i did n't say fta negotiations are easy . 
  or quick . 
  i said the uk are free to negotiate in way that only considers their needs , rather than having to balance the needs of 27 other states . 
  by the way the uk economy is not ` like any other country ' . 
  on it 's own it is the 5th largest economy ( though seemingly tied with france at present ) . 
  we should speak about the size and power of the uk economy accurately , even if we think it is going to suffer . 
   it is n't . 
  about half of the uk trade is with the eu , for the eu it 's only 5-10 % . 
  i said this myself . 
  nor am i really disagreeing with the balance in trade comparing the uk and the eu as a whole . 
  but there a few things to note : 1 ) the uk is the 2nd largest eu contributor , and 2 ) the eu economy is extremely fragile ; the uk economy is much more robust . 
   the eu , meanwhile , takes a relatively much smaller hit and will remain stable . 
  i do n't know where you get this from . 
  the eu is on the verge of another full fledged crisis just from italian banks , without any inclusion of brexit . 
  peripheral states are drowning in debt , with high unemployment rates and political instability .
