  trying to say the british voters got it wrong and blaming them for making the wrong choice is ironically an example of why they voted to leave in the first place . 
  even if brexit voters voted for the wrong reasons -- aka nationalism , ignorance -- they were only ever made possible because of how inept and malfeasant the eu is in the first place . 
  the eu should right this very moment be figuring out how it can change to stabilise its internal relationships . 
  how it can be altered to make the countries drowning in debt in the periphery prosperous again , for example . 
  how it can also modify its executive structures such that the voices of smaller states are n't dominated by the large ones . 
  and on and on . 
  all brexit voters have done is point out how poorly performing and unfair the eu is , and that message is falling on deaf ears . 
   i 'm just arguing that referendums ca n't become less democratic if you ask for the people 's opinion more often . 
  more often ! = asking the people repeatedly to answer the same question . 
  or having the same referendum repeatedly until the result changes . 
   i do n't even think it 's that arrogant because it just seems a reality that most people ca n't afford to spend the amount of time on familiarizing themselves with political matters that would be necessary to make informed decisions on everything . 
  government assuming voters are ignorant , incapable of making informed decisions , and assuming that they need to intervene to tell the voters what to decide is about as arrogant as it gets . 
  why even have votes ? 
  if pater knows best , then why have him ask the question in the first place ? 
   that is about all you can hope to get from a democratic process . 
  the government panicked under eu pressure . 
  that 's why they went the direction that they did . 
  they would rather confront the irish electorate than the eu , such has been proven time and time again over the last decade . 
  there was zero reason to run another referendum . 
  the people were consulted , and the people rendered their decision . 
  full stop . 
  that 's how referenda work . 
  the government are n't salesmen looking to nullify an objection thus to close a sale , they are representatives of the people asking them to make an official decision . 
  which they made , but which the people in charge did n't like . 
  so they asked again . 
  and when they did , they delivered a message -- ` we will do what the eu tells us . ', 
  normally , i would simply answer your question . 
  in this case though , i 'm going to answer a question with a question . 
  so -- under what circumstances would a second referendum ever be justified , excusing referenda held decades apart ? 
  believe it or not , there should be no right and no wrong answer to a plebiscite . 
  the public is asked to make a choice , and they make it . 
  after that , the issue is settled . 
  as such the only reason to have another referendum is to mitigate provable election fraud . 
  governments and people need to learn to be satisfied with electoral and referenda results . 
  all of this angst derives from people missing the entire message to the eu from the results , and people thus looking for someone to blame . 
  you know that nobody ever says ` we are going to do something anti-democratic . ' ? 
  they always have reasons , like the very reasons you 've outlined . 
  reasons that make something to which we should object palatable . 
  it makes absolutely no difference whether or not one side argues from a position of ignorance , untruth , or even emotion . 
  these days almost every campaign is run in such a way . 
  it is for voters to see through and tell the truth from lie , and make the most informed choice . 
  in fact , to be honest it is arrogant when people propose things like you have done , which have the effect of saying to voters that they are incapable of coming to a meaningful conclusion , as statements made by parties need to be first cleared up by authorities , who we can always trust to be non-biased . 
  and while you may think that the irish government did the right thing with the lisbon treaty , many people here disagree vehemently . 
  and , the matter is one of many that now surround the government in a cloud of questionable legitimacy . 
  that period of time is one where it the coercion of the eu is objectively visible . 
  the only reason that there has not been demands from ireland for restitution and other changes is that our leaders lack both the integrity and the courage to do so . 
  holding another referendum after losing the first one is probably the * least * democratic way to have referendums . 
  it says ` we will keep having these votes until you make the correct choice . ', 
  my government did this after we failed to ratify the lisbon treaty and it has never been forgotten . 
  article 7 is literally unprecedented . 
  it 's the nuclear option . 
  will never happen . 
  the uk and the city of london are n't insignificant . 
  as much as everybody is throwing around rhetoric today and trying to save face politically , it is not reality . 
  unfortunately its not up to the eu how fast things proceed . 
  do n't worry . 
  solicitors for the uk can simply object to the complaint and the matter will end up in the ecj where there will be at least a year before it ever sees light of day . 
  the irony of an eu institution demanding speed on anything is palpable . 
  so is scotland . 
  no article 50 yet . 
  in theory it could . 
  in reality it lacks the means . 
  none of the definitions mean figuratively . 
  they simply support a figurative use of the word . 
  in fact it 's a little ironic in that the definition of figurative is how we know the word is being used figuratively and does n't mean figuratively . 
  normally to suggest unification would mean dredging up and commencing all of the auld issues , and violence . 
  but now that the uk has gone and done something that sort of betrays unionists and their views , the choices are unavoidable . 
  i do n't look at it as an old/young thing , though the vote outcome * was * split along those lines . 
  since ni voted to stay in , all they can do is follow england and lose their eu status , or they can lose their uk status and remain part of europe ( as citizens of the republic ) . 
  now which do you think is more important ? 
  the uk or europe ? 
  hard to say ... 
  the more unappealing post-brexit life seems compared to post-uk life , the more unification wo n't seem like giving up on a cause , and more like making the most informed but pragmatic choice . 
  i was only saying that the matter has never been officially investigated in a legal sense , and thus that we do n't know what type of claim they might make . 
  i think unless everyone unanimously approves , it will be the ecj who opens the door to scotland and maybe others . 
  what if an application is not required ? 
  as in something like being grandfathered in ? 
  do n't get me wrong ... talking to everyone and getting them onboard certainly ca n't hurt . 
  it will depend on how exactly the process works out for scotland . 
  if , for example , it is ruled that there is no need to re-apply because they are already inside the eu , then a spanish objection wo n't matter because the catalans are already members . 
  of course it does get thorny when one eu member refuses to endorse the legitimacy -- i 'm sure other states would follow suit . 
  yet there are sure to be supporters for catalonia in spite of that . 
  some countries supporting while others do n't would make it a very interesting situation . 
  the hope is that the alternative of suffering with the rest of the uk is enough to entice the unionists to come aboard . 
  i would tend to agree with that . 
  i would only point out that the opposite was being said when catalonia was considering independence . 
  it 's amazing how much priorities have changed in the space of one day where something people considered impossible is now something that can be done if there is political will . 
  good news for the catalans if the scots set the precedent . 
  why would they need to rejoin ? 
  it has not been established legally that an independent scotland would also lose eu membership . 
  and though the uk voted to leave , it has not done so yet . 
  scotland is still an eu member right now . 
  when this situation was discussed with regard to catalonia , everybody made assumptions , and even officials made statements in their personal capacity . 
  but the eu never gave an official legal opinion , and the matter never came before the courts . 
  you did n't need to do that . 
  twas i being the pedant . 
  the auto-antonym concept was interesting by the way . 
  i knew that there were instances where a word could also mean it 's opposite , but i did n't know what it was called . 
  i 'm now going to be a pedant . 
  just because the word is used figuratively , ie ` in effect ' or ` virtually ' , does not mean that it 's * definition * means figuratively .
