  that they do n't is why it comes across as arrogant . 
  after this , btw , if we ca n't agree , it 'll be time to agree to disagree . 
  except that the eu mistreating any of its own member states does not justify the americas also doing it . 
  criticism of the n american approach to visas by europe has no bearing on criticism of the eus own approach toward its member states . 
  both can be wrong , and actually both are wrong . 
  there should never be a need for visa waivers . 
  are there any countries in europe that canadians need a visa to enter ? 
  requiring a visa at all for a member of the eu is the problem itself . 
  and you 're right -- the eu should be negotiating to get them removed as a red-line issue in this deal . 
  their lack of will to do so is what is forcing romania to stand up for itself and veto the deal . 
  if i were to assume for a moment that the eu was unjustified in denying some countries , in this context e. european countries access to schengen , would that justify canada or the us doing something similar ? 
  it seems to me this is an overt case of whataboutery . 
  in fact , whether europe is guilty of the same kind of crime as the us and canada does n't justify either of them doing it . 
  you will not get an argument out of me about inconsistencies in intra-europe governance . 
  most of the saga of dealings with ` debtor ' nations and the use of eu institutions to reinforce the interests of one country over another are pretty substantial examples . 
  but none of them , nor the schengen argument , have anything to do with whether canada is justified . 
  in that sense , the schengen argument says the equivalent of ` since the eu is victimising these european nations , it 's okay for other nations to do the same . ', 
  which is not at all justifiable . 
  especially if it were wrong for the eu to do it ; nothing says justice like adding to the victimisation . 
  using schengen as a comparator is disingenuous . 
  there are a number of countries in europe who are not a part of the schengen zone , nor does being an eu country automatically merit inclusion in schengen . 
  schengen is a separate agreement which is optional to avail of . 
  if you want to make a case that the eu is intentionally denying entrance to schengen when it has no grounds to do so ( as an eu entitlement ) , then make that case rather than assuming it as a prerequisite . 
  on the other hand , eu-wide trade deals * are * an entitlement to all eu countries . 
  full stop . 
  because romania does not operate a separate visa system independently of the eu , the eu acts as the responsible party for determining visa requirements for all of europe and whatever country is seeking entrance . 
  practically , that means canadians get visa free entrance to all european countries , and it should mean that all european countries are entitled to visa free entrance in canada . 
  unilateral suspension of visa-free entrance to some ( and not others ) european countries is a violation of the existing relationship . 
  if canada has a problem with certain eu states ' citizens overstaying their visas , then that 's a problem with europe . 
  there is no capacity to simply say ` no ' to romanians and ` yes ' to others . 
  canada and the us have simply been getting away with it for some time . 
  i stand by the reciprocity comment . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  romania is part of the eu . 
  either an eu-canada deal applies equally to all eu countries , or it applies to none . 
  there is no picking and choosing among them . 
  failing to consider reciprocity is a mark of arrogance from states in the americas . 
  because it was n't a result of government policy . 
  it was down to ` luck ' and to the improvements in the us and uk . 
  you 're talking past me entirely . 
  i 'm not glorifying anything : growth or inflation . 
  my entire argument is based around the discussion of the inflation level reflected in our 7.8 % ` growth ' , and where the two * should * be linked but are n't . 
  do n't worry . 
  most of the improvement has nothing to do with the government or the actual economy , so it would be hard to screw it up . 
  as long as we remember the lesson of ` do n't borrow crazy money for hookers and blow ' , or the cbi does n't allow it , we wo n't be in a position to ruin our ` growth ' . 
  that is until the housing market crashes again because government were cheering the return of positive equity while sitting on their hands and waiting for the decimated private developer sector to fix things . 
  sure , i would n't even disagree that things are changing . 
  but how , where , and for whom are all very important qualifying questions . 
  a worker in certain industries or at a certain skill level working for certain companies could be seeing a lot of improvement . 
  another worker at a lower skill level in other industries might not be seeing any improvement at all . 
  certain items within the economy are increasing in value , other 's are n't . 
  that some parts grow while others do n't is why the measure is taken across the whole of it and averaged to produce a trend . 
  the discrepancy between where things are improving noticeably and where others ` are n't feeling it ' is one of the biggest stories of current events . 
  it 's informally what the latest election was all about . 
  personally , i would say that things are improving -- but certainly not by 7.8 % , and not because of government policy . 
  maybe we 're seeing a 1 or 2 % actual improvement , for some sectors , and stagnancy for the rest . 
  but we do n't know . 
  what i did want to achieve is to stop the entirely misleading narrative being un-critically reported in the media . 
  mortgage interest is computed as part of cpi , both now and then . 
  and inclusive of it , cpi is at 0 % . 
  fact is we effectively stopped building houses in 2008 . 
  housing prices are moving independently of cpi because we have a constrained supply and tightened rules on lending ( to avoid another bubble ) . 
  likewise , around 50 % of the buyers in this market are cash buyers , for a record low number of homes on the overall market . 
  all of these push prices up independently of cpi , which is part of the reason home values are n't computed as part of it . 
  to get back to the actual point , it is not normal that an economy growing at 7.8 % would have an inflation level at 0 % , or in turn slightly negative . 
  irrespective of housing prices or mortgage lending , all of that increase should lead to increased demand for products and services , and in general more money in the economy . 
  these then lead to an increase in the value of products and services ( it takes more money to purchase them ) . 
  for whatever reason ( s ) , the growth of the economy is not leading to greater demand and/or consumption . 
  my assertion is that the reason for this is because overhead transactions by mnes which merely move money or ip from one place to another and have no impact on the ground are getting counted as part of our growth . 
  if you wanted to ask the question : ` what growth , if any , would we be experiencing minus the impact of mnes ? 
  ' , the answer is ` we do n't know . ', 
  such a question is not even realistically being asked by policy makers because it might distort the media narrative they are trying to cultivate . 
  have we reached a place where we are arguing about the same thing now ? 
  what is the point you are trying to make ? 
  [ cpi includes a housing component ] ( http://www.citizensinformation.ie/en/consumer_affairs/consumer_protection/pricing/consumer_price_index.html ) , * in the way that consumers must pay for them . 
  * ( mortgage interest , not principle ) however , note :  the outright purchase of a house or apartment as a private residence is not covered in the cpi as it is considered to be a form of investment rather than consumer expenditure . 
  down payments in the case of mortgage arrangements and the capital element of mortgage repayments are also excluded from the cpi for the same reason . 
  if you are trying to suggest cpi is skewed because home values ( rather than costs ) are not included , that is a false assertion . 
  home values are a function of other forces . 
  edit : added greater specificity, 
  and our farmers feed 50 million people with our produce . 
  but -- those are exports -- and only aggregately effect cpi through wages , which might slowly be increasing if at all . 
  our cpi is a good indicator of how the economy is actually faring . 
  that it shows around 0 % ( + / - .1 % ) is indicative of something ` not quite right ' . 
  i mean that in the sense that growth is n't translating into inflation , which it should be . 
  because it is n't , growth must be occurring in a manner that does n't benefit the domestic economy much . 
  which is what is happening . 
  they are not back . 
  cpi is -.1 % . 
  all or at least most of the growth is due to the intensifying activities of multinationals , whose activities skew our data immensely . 
  i do n't think turkey is the problem , i 'm only trying to infer what the un objection is . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  turkey is safe . 
  it may be that the deal lets turkey turn away irregular migrants , when they should be accepted . 
  i 'm trying to infer from the article what the concern is . 
  the idea that a refugee being returned to a place in which the return might lead to their death is called refoulment . 
  most countries are pledged under human rights law to prevent it . 
  i think the un is pointing out that simply sending everyone back without considering their situation may violate this principle . 
  i think your sarcasm in the next to last sentence is going to go over a number of peoples ' heads . 
  this is sure to be downvoted : one thing azov battalion did was to fight for ukraine against the separatists , and the actual russians , when few other people were .
