  i have never seen or heard of the caspian report . 
  i had to go and look it up . 
  the ideas i 've been sharing came from [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lppnali1ig4&amp;ab_channel=greateroklahomacitychamber ) talk , starting after the 1:07:00 mark . 
  and i made the claim in my first comment that i was talking about a strategy i 'd heard from another source . 
  also , if you 're a person who thinks there is zero danger of russian encroachment outside the current russian borders , you may be the only person in europe who thinks this . 
  the sentiment is clearly not shared by any of the nato countries in the area who are desperately working to beef up their nato presence . 
   the americans won over the government and pulled out when they had killed osama bin laden . 
  the government holds little to no power in afghanistan . 
  ubl was killed in 2011 , and the drawdown did n't even start until 2014-2015 , three years later . 
  taliban are still there , still fighting , still hold their territory . 
  that point is not in dispute . 
  and the american withdrawal was due to political weariness and domestic unhappiness , not because of strategic victory . 
  also not a point in dispute . 
   you might have adhd , and i have my full respect for that , but do n't waste my time talking about completely irrelevant things . 
  see my unpleasantness comment . 
   and how is that relevant in any way , to what i was discussing with the other guy ? 
  are you deliberately trying to waste my time or do you just like to sound smart because you watched the caspian report ? 
  lol . 
  your literal question :  please tell me what russia would gain , in any way , by invading the baltics ? 
  my answer , mountains . 
  mountains stretching all the way from the baltics in the south up into e. europe , to the northern european plain . 
   we were talking about whether it would be a smart move by russia to invade the baltics simply because of the gigantic backlask they would get and very little in return . 
  no , we were not . 
  this was never discussed between us one time . 
  whether or not the russians have intentions in the baltics and e. europe is the item in dispute . 
  and as to whether the russians are worried about backlash ? 
  well it did n't stop them in ukraine , did it ? 
  now clearly it 's not the same thing as invading a nato country . 
  if only there some way to mitigate the potential response by nato ... say by influencing the us election and thereby possibly leading to the eventual dissolution of it . 
  right now the russians are not interested in pushing into nato territory . 
  but we 're talking about the future and things change . 
   next time you paraphrase the caspian report , you might want to add a source next time . 
  common decency when you use other people 's material in an attempt to sound smart  stop with the strawman nonsense . 
  i 've provided a source . 
  if you disagree it 's fine . 
  but at least discuss in good faith . 
  and it would n't kill you to be a little more civil . 
  not everyone is here just to troll you . 
  you always have such a selective view of things , and cute downvotes to match . 
  i 'm not talking about ` the baltics as a buffer zone ' . 
  look at a map . 
  the russian border is a very long plain . 
  very hard to defend ; very porous . 
  the russians expand their western border all the way from the balkans in the south , through the carpathians , up into the tatras in poland/slovakia . 
  that leaves as flat land , a very narrow area of the northern european plain . 
  likewise , the way the continent narrows there reduces that amount of area vulnerable to a land advance , in general . 
  for the russian army , all of this is a much more advantageous strategic position . 
  now with regard to afghanistan , the americans * lost * in afghanistan . 
  lost to guys with individual aks and rpgs , carrying information by hand . 
  the vast fire superiority and resources of the full might of the us army was in many ways mitigated by the terrain . 
  and still is . 
  the americans not fighting the govt in afghanistan , but the taliban . 
  sure , the americans were very successful -- in * suppressing * the taliban . 
  but they did n't beat them . 
  even now , as the drawdown continues , the taliban are still there , in their territory , seeking political legitimacy within the still extremely weak afghani government . 
  my point is that boots on the ground still win wars . 
  and mountains still pose a huge disadvantage for an advancing infantry force to overcome . 
  even in wwii when the germans flew over the maginot line , they still avoided switzerland to bypass the alps and move into france . 
  the german advanced would have been blunted and slowed had the germans decided to take switzerland before taking france . 
  strategically the russians are much better served with a mountain as a border than a plain . 
  worked in the tora bora 's . 
  still works there . 
  works everywhere actually . 
  even with all the fancy airplanes and missiles , wars are still won on the ground . 
  and mountains are a massive barrier to infantry . 
  mountains , perhaps . 
  there 's a strategist who thinks its about defense offered by mountains . 
  current russian border is a very long plain . 
  it requires a large army and infantry presence ( in theory ) to defend . 
  but if russia expands to the carpathians/tatras/balkans , it can use the mountains as a natural fortification from an invasion . 
  and it could do so with less men . 
  due to russian economy , it 's thought that russian army must downsize -- so strategists need a way to defend the country with much less manpower than they have now . 
  making mountainous territory the border with europe is one way it is thought they can do this . 
  scotland 's aim would not be to leave it to a popularity contest . 
  they would want a court decision instead . 
  i do n't have a firm view myself . 
  and i totally accept that the geopolitical issues of recognition are separate from the legal ones . 
  clearly spain would never grant scotland a place in the eu without some kind of assurance that catalonia could n't do the same . 
  however , what i 'm really hoping to accomplish is to draw a line between political speech and legal speech . 
  i want everyone to understand they 're making political arguments that hold no water in comparison to the legal arguments that have n't happened yet . 
  the new roi took the view that they could keep or reject any and all treaty obligations of the uk on an individual basis . 
  that specifically treaties they wanted to keep were still in force , and those they did n't no longer applied . 
  whether they are or are not a successor state will be determined not by public opinion and politics , but by the ecj . 
  and i 'm not sure that you understand correctly what a successor state is . 
  scotland being an eu successor state to the uk does not mean it must also join nato or be on the unsc . 
  successor states can adopt whichever of the continuor state 's obligations they wish , on an individual basis . 
  what 's the point of making such a low-effort comment ? 
  also , ` lol , just no ... ' is a sign of cognitive dissonance . 
  i have no idea . 
  it would require me to go through each one and look and see what they kept and what they rejected . 
  but being a successor state is not dependent upon accepting all of a continuator state 's treaty obligations or laws . 
  in fact we are a perfect example of this . 
  as written on [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/succession_of_states ) wikipedia article :  ireland , then called the irish free state , seceded from the united kingdom in 1922 . 
  the new state took the view that when a new state comes into being which formerly formed part of an older state , its acceptance or otherwise of the treaty relationships of the older state is a matter for the new state to determine by express declaration or by conduct -- in the case of each individual treaty . 
  [ 2 ] in practice , however , the irish regarded the commercial and administrative treaties of the united kingdom previously applying to the territory of the irish free state as remaining in force . 
  [ 2 ] there is precedent for scotland to take the same view as ireland did in 1922 . 
  the question is whether or not within the eu framework , their claim to membership is possible . 
  or at least whether it is precluded . 
  it may be that it is not explicitly included in the legislation , and thus would have to be judged by a court . 
  certainly scotland would n't want to allow the ec to decide because spain has an interest in blocking it , though it has nothing to do with scotland .
