  we are discussing the labour market , and the impact of added competition on wages , which has a depressive effect . 
  to be clear : in developed countries with adequate supply of labour , added supply ( from immigration ) depresses wages . 
  in undeveloped countries , lack of employment supply depresses wages . 
   but you forget that elsewhere in the eu it produced more jobs paying higher wages . 
  sadly , the places where there was benefit ca n't vote in the elections of the place where they did not . 
  that 's the crux of the problem : people who are the ` losers ' vote in elections that are territorially bound , and the people making the policy make it in a scope that is not . 
  national politics , in other words , is subordinate to national electorates . 
  the more ` losers ' build up intranationally , the less international improvement matters . 
   the best and most enduring way to combat the job loss is to raise wage and social standards in other eu countries anyway . 
  except they ca n't . 
  the fdi model is predicated on attractiveness , which right now inter alia is based on low-cost and tax efficient metrics . 
  both items you mention decrease fdi attractiveness because they reduce roi . 
  if you want to truly raise qol past a clear ceiling , you have to invest in non-extractive ( indigenous ) industry that can generate both local employment and demand . 
   wage competition was not even remotely the cause or excuse for ww .1 . 
  nor was it ever implied to be . 
  globalism is one of the less proximate causes of wwi , and indeed if we look back at media of the pre-wwi era , they are having the exact same debates that we are having now . 
  or in other words globalism existed in its first form prior to wwi . 
  [ wto table b. 1 ] ( https://www.wto.org/english/res_e/booksp_e/wtr13-2b_e.pdf ) in this paper shows that international trade ( world exports ) as a share of gdp reached 7.9 % in 1913 , and was not surpassed until it hit 10.5 % in 1973 . 
  it was vastly diminished by both wws , only really being rebuilt by the post-wwii industrial reconstruction . 
  my point is not to say that the globalism of the pre-ww1 era is exactly the same as modern globalism , but to say that negative externalities associated with global trade in the context of the prevalent economic and political order is a key driver of ww1 . 
  in modern europe , especially considering the this post-2008 era , we are entrenching the same kind of uneven labour and wealth disparity that existed pre-wwi . 
  we can summarise this broadly as debtor and creditor states , and there exists no current mechanism to bring all even because fears of moral hazard are a more important value at present . 
  a lack of fiscal redistribution ( to balance extractive capture ) from an economic pov is one factor i think driving extremist politics . 
  redistribution to give states the ability to spur demand in ` loser ' communities would fix this . 
  because that is not being countenanced , protectionisim and nationalism are again rising . 
   having both parties work together towards mutual goals is a much better strategy long-term than the hostility and constant conflict that seems to dominate french labour relations . 
  i love this . 
  and after we get them to work together , we can fix global warming , end hunger , and instill world peace . 
  if you have achieved a cooperative relationship between labour and managment , you have something very special . 
  the rest of the world has been spending the last 40 years or so trying to destroy labour unions altogether . 
   you 're blaming us for the consequences systematic mismanagement . 
  who am i blaming and for what ? 
  i actually thought you were going to blame the companies and china , not e.e. 
  and i was prepared to admit the problem was n't necessarily e.e. 
  but globalism itself . 
  because the issues that drove brexit , for example , are not relegated to the eu itself . 
  if there is political blame in fact it 's mostly at the tories , but the key point is that the 4f and globalism are both a series of liberalisms , and these have a downside . 
  likewise , i am not in any way denying the upside . 
  or even advocating for their removal . 
  i 'm simply pointing out that there are losers , aka externalities , and that these need to be addressed if the political integrity of the project is to be protected . 
  the problem , as i see it , is that those who would defend the system are uninterested in entertaining the arguments of those who criticise it . 
  because ` fundamental freedoms , and rights ' . 
  and then the insults to injury cause mistrust and lack of faith . 
  that 's where extremist politics enter . 
   labour immobility `` for our own good arguments '' are intellectually bankrupt , please refrain from them it 's not going to come off well . 
  we do n't try to keep people leaving the country anymore , like we used to in darker times . 
  what are you talking about here ? 
  it 's not what i 'm talking about . 
  the thing that promotes labour efflux from the country is poor wages ( same thing happens in my country ! ) . 
  and poor wages are a result of the extractive nature of investment and loss of human capital , as well as suppressed demand . 
   if we did n't do this , then boing and other companies would have a near monopoly on the world market , leaving us buying from them and no industries of our own . 
  the wage-suppressing activity of capital investment in low-cost economies is a documented phenomena . 
  i 'm not making any argument that says your efforts to attract jobs is a bad one , as clearly the upside of having jobs that did n't exist is real . 
  my point is that there 's also a downside , in that there is a firm ceiling in what you can achieve by performing as a low-cost component for an extractive industry . 
  you even mention this yourself -- assume for a second your wages rise in multiple sectors . 
  your rising tide lifts your boats . 
  great ? 
  well until you become noncompetitive and those companies move elsewhere . 
  they are chasing low costs , you are chasing prosperity and development . 
  these are not really compatible , at least in the long term . 
   cross-continental supply chains are a good thing . 
  you try to compete with the us and china as a small country , and you 're going to get turned into mexico . 
  and we 're all small countries . 
  again , no one is saying that the entire output of globalism is bad . 
  reduced prices are good . 
  employment where there is unemployment is good . 
  the issue is that the externalities ( negative ) are not addressed , and that much of the aggregate benefit was extracted from the system and channeled upward to the top . 
  i 'm after a compensatory investment in local economies to help drive domestic demand . 
  i 'm after a normalisation of debt levels in a private sense , as well as in a public sector sense . 
  i want wage increases ( without regard to productivity ) instead of credit access . 
  i 'm after demand-side economics getting some attention . 
  what i 'm worried about is that supply-side dominance is so entrenched it is ideological , and because of it , the political cohesion of the project will unravel before it is possible to reconsider the economics . 
   you have to give room that states are perfectly capable of driving themselves into the ground , without any help . 
  the failure of venezuela is n't entirely the problem of the venezuelan economy . 
  not only has every leader in modern venezuelan history been bad ( both before and after socialism ) , but it has had an economic giant determined to undermine it through any means necessary . 
  now as far as the eu goes , i do n't blame economic failure solely on the eu . 
  as i said before , i am willing to include a wider global context and a shift in economic ideology . 
  however -- where i am assigning blame is that there are clear shortcomings to the current system , and clear growth of extremist politics . 
  the current leadership is incapable of addressing these issues , and actually really , in even acknowledging what is causing them . 
  i see this failure all over the place , and i think people are going to spend more of their time in the future watching in horror as the alt-right and nationalist gain ground . 
  it does n't matter if they are worse choices -- it matters that the centrists are unconvincing and do n't offer an alternative to the ` losers ' . 
  this is like an essay for neoliberal ideology . 
   migrant workers are not a burden , they are a boon . 
  in more ways than one . 
  especially to the uk companies who do n't end up having to pay as high a wage as if they were employing uk citizens . 
   in fact , draining the excess labor in bulgaria and allowing capital to move to bulgaria more easily for investments is what will allow wages in bulgaria to rise , and reduce both the competition danger and increase the standards of living in bulgaria , lessening the appetite for foreign employment far from home . 
  capital investment in bulgaria does not cause bulgarian wages to rise . 
  it is explicitly intended to prevent this -- because the attractiveness of bulgaria is in proportion to its cheapness . 
  the investment will move on somewhere else if it ceases to be attractive , meaning the value of this to the bulgarian economy has a very firm ceiling . 
  also , the drain of bulgarian human capital among other things prevent productive re-investment which might stimulate demand and wage inflation . 
  the forces of bulgarian capital investment are * extractive * -- deliberately -- and need to be otherwise to be helpful to bulgaria in a real way . 
  the problem are the unacknowledged ` losers ' that vote in austrian elections . 
  within your analogy , the people of salzburg who lost their jobs do n't simply vanish , and they do n't as a whole get retrained and recycled into the salzburg job market . 
  they stick around , draw benefits , and protest vote . 
  likewise , there are two outcomes for companies operating in salzburg -- they can continue operating and enjoy the benefit of lower labour cost ( which becomes profit not lowered prices ) or they can decide that they can do even better in bratislava . 
  in certain industries and certain communities , both of these happened -- so what they ended up with was fewer jobs paying lower wages . 
  all i 'm trying to say is uncontroversial -- that the massive consumer savings produced by the bretton woods system , in this context the 4f system had losers who are politically productive even if they are economically not . 
  and when those political actors put pressure on their local politicians , there ends up being some demands to minimise the damage going forward . 
  liberalised markets and liberalised labour are items that have been tested before , and they have downsides . 
  the move is to attempt to minimise those by enhancing national controls .
