i think there is something missing from the ` right of residence ' discussion , based on a review of the dano case . 
  there appear to be three different categories of eu citizen 's moving to an eu state : * those who are genuine jobseekers * those who are non-jobseekers ( economically inactive with no link to the job markets ) but want benefits * those who are non-jobseekers but who have their own means the reason dano apparently succeeded was that dano had never made any effort whatsoever to look for a job . 
  she expected non-contributory cash benefit on ` humane ' grounds , with no expectation of ever having to integrate ( in this case defined as finding work ) . 
  the ruling empowers eu states to protect themselves from people who want to move for the benefits and contribute nothing else , even where the same benefit is available to indigenous people . 
  however -- for those people who are trying to access the labour market , jobseekers , and do have a link to the job market , dano does not apply . 
  these people are protected . 
  so there will have to be , if there is n't one already , a test of some sort to establish that a person is linked to the job market in some way . 
  a blanket ban on non-contributory cash benefits to eu non-nationals in a state is not legal . 
  and we do n't know what exactly the german government is trying to ban for five years . 
  lastly , for those who are non-national eu citizens , if they have means and can prove they are not a burden on an eu national government , they * do * have a right of residency . 
  questions over the right of residency are , as you kind of mention , only ever asked when a request for benefits has been submitted . 
  thanks for that . 
  it 's interesting . 
  so free movement does n't really mean free movement as it is commonly conceived ? 
  i was n't aware of any means test being applied to eu citizens in moving to any other eu state . 
  as in all eu citizens have an automatic right of residence in all eu states , without it being qualified by having a job or not . 
  edit : i 'm interested in this enough to read the judgment . 
  will come back after looking through it . 
  it seems pretty clear that this will be challenged and overturned in the ecj . 
  i would n't get excited about it . 
  not only can an eu state not discriminate against other eu states ' nationals within it , but i believe current law explicitly states that benefits can only be withheld for 90 days max . 
  5 years would not seem to be covered . 
  i 'm not german . 
  however , unless i 'm misinterpreting eu rules , benefits can only be withheld from eu citizens for 90 days . 
  5 years is likely going to be overturned at ecj . 
  this article is n't very specific about what the problem is . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/208231/article/ekathimerini/news/imf-pressing-demands-outside-bailout-agreement-athens-says ) one also posted to r/europe is more informative . 
  here are relevant parts :  `` the imf is putting forward demands which are outside the [ bailout ] agreement and which are undermining the efforts made by the government and the european institutions , '' . 
   gerovasili criticized the imf for rejecting a greek proposal to instead introduce a mechanism that would automatically trigger spending cutbacks if budget targets are missed . 
   the left-led government has said greek law prohibits it from legislating on a hypothetical event . 
  the word you are looking for is fascism . 
  the subsumption of the state and its institutions by an ethnic group and/or political entity , which then uses the law to enforce its mob whim , is the definition of fascism . 
  this is its first stage . 
  i honestly do n't care . 
  both to potami and golden dawn are left . 
  greece did stick it 's middle finger up . 
  syriza did stick it 's middle finger up . 
  that was the entire job description for yannis varoufakis . 
  but when the decision came to either stand behind the election results and the demands yv was advancing in negotiation , and to end up defaulting , or to concede to every demand , tsipras made his choice . 
  and it 's the same choice made by nd and anel before it . 
  so short of the communists ( who are stalinists btw ) , who is there left who will fight for the greek people ? 
  ironically it seems like at present , the imf is the only group who is trying to actually help greece recover . 
  which was very strange to say , given the history of the imf . 
  wait , why ? 
  is n't the eu already getting everything they want from syriza now ? 
  does it matter who is in government if whoever is in government simply agrees with the ` the institutions ' anyway ? 
  just curious , but if he wins ... 
  instead of just coming over to receive an award , could he not also claim asylum without fear of being extradited ? 
  ` let 's call her metallica for anonymity ' . 
  best decision ever . 
  you ever watch a movie where a character in it says something vulgar about someone else ? 
  this is going over your head . 
  he also said ` his boner smells like doner ' , and other interesting insults . 
  what you lack totally is context . 
  lol . 
  only if you live in a humourless world . 
  oh come on , can you not sense the tongue in cheek nature of this work ? 
  he 's hardly the first comedian to make a sketch that says ` would this be illegal if we said it ? 
  ' , followed by * actually saying * it ? ', 
  have you ever watched a movie where the characters insulted a politician ? 
  what i think is that you have taken this so literally , and indeed it looks like germans have too , that the comedic aspect goes over your head completely . 
  in any case this is not a prosecutable offense . 
  it 's a civil tort , where you sue to be compensated . 
  you do n't chill speech everywhere by setting a precedent . 
  govt has no business making this a criminal offense in the first place . 
  and yes , by the way , the whole skit was entirely satire . 
  the very nature and essence of it . 
  you just missed it . 
  i made no claim that someone should n't be able to take civil actions against someone who slanders or libels them . 
  however , prosecuting as a crime because someone insults a head of state , as a political entity , is a huge problem . 
  i do n't care if b\u00f6hmermann said in satire that his ` boner smells like doner ' . 
  it should not be a criminal offense . 
  what 's really ironic is that the point b\u00f6hmermann was making is that in turkey they will prosecute you for saying things they do n't like , and then germany did exactly that . 
  the law is not the arbiter of the principles that underpin it . 
  rather it is the other way around . 
  the law itself ( making such a thing a crime ) is the problem here , not statements made in satire . 
  the ability to prosecute a person for making political statements against a head of state because they offend someone means that germany and turkey are n't as far apart as people would like to think . 
  the message the germans are sending by prosecuting this person is much worse than the message the ` poem ' conveyed in the first place . 
  this is again , skirting the issue . 
  no one is arguing that the us and canada do n't treat countries on a country-by-country basis or set their own immigration policies . 
  what you are trying to avoid or deliberately overlook is acknowledging that the us and canada are negotiating with a pan or meta state organisation . 
  that the results of the negotiation apply to all european states . 
  when you make an eu level deal , you 're dealing with europe . 
  not individual states . 
  it is the exact same thing that in order to join the eu , individual states agree to subject their internal processes to authority of the eu . 
  for example , monetary policy and currency . 
  or freedom of movement and visa-free travel . 
  or a whole bunch of regulatory items like eu-wide standards , etc. 
  any decision created by a process at the eu level applies internally to all eu members , save for those who have negotiated opt-outs on a case-by-case basis . 
  i will leave aside the internal mistreatment of eu members , as you have no argument there from me . 
  now where our conflict is , as it looks to me , is that canada expects it can set individual visa reqs per country , as it currently does , when dealing with a meta-state organisation which bargains on behalf of all its members . 
  and an organisation whose members expect all to be treated equally as a virtue of being members . 
  and likewise , who all treat canadians/americans equally on the basis of respecting the eu-wide nature of arrangements . 
  you do n't see canadians having different requirements across europe do you ? 
  all of this issue arises because some n american countries like some europeans to visit , and not others . 
  they want to show preference to those who they want , while at the same time dealing with an organisation which has an obligation to treat them all ( at least ostensibly ) equal . 
  the way this should be solved is for the us to deal with the eu about issues with e europeans overstaying their welcome . 
  it 's the eu who is responsible for this , and for communicating with these countries and fixing the problem . 
  if canada and the us want a country-specific visa and travel system , they do n't have a right to expect a free-trade agreement with europe as a whole . 
  if they want to deal with europe , they will have to agree to do things the way europe does them .
