  money sitting in an account does not undermine solvency , in fact it helps with the opposite . 
  nor are depositors saying ' i guess my 500k is a statement i think the bank is solvent ' . 
  customers expect all banks to be solvent , all the time . 
  and that is reasonable . 
  where the money comes from is irrelevant . 
  i 'm just pointing out what is owed by rule for the violation ( s ) . 
  perhaps germany should take the rules as seriously as they expect other states to . 
  is there any other kind in this magnificent eu project ? 
  tree girls just wan na have fun ? 
  be careful , you 'll make all 5 of them angry . 
  and drink . 
  and germany vetoed their plan today to fix it . 
  that would be a social problem and not a referendum problem . 
  i 'm guessing you 've never invested . 
  when you decide to invest , you are given documents which explicitly state that you are investing , and that you might lose some or all of your money . 
  the language is legalese , but there is always a section that makes it explicit and hopefully unambiguous . 
  when opening an account however , this is not what happens . 
  the bank agrees to pay liabilities up to the amount that you have lodged , and it agrees to pay a specified interest rate on some products and some accounts . 
  none of that constitutes investing . 
  you are guaranteed to have access to all the principle amount of your money , at any time ( some delays can happen when requesting cash ) and you are guaranteed to be paid that interest coupon + your principle where interest is applicable . 
  that interest payment is not a risk premium for bank insolvency . 
  full stop . 
  it 's just an enticement so that you 'll choose that bank , and thus that the bank can have your money in its accounts to report on its balance sheet . 
  deposits are liabilities on the p&l sheet , but assets on the loan : deposit ratio calculations , which is how banks ' ability to create new money is limited . 
  that scotland is a successor state , or that scottish citizens are already citizens of the eu and might have a right to retain their eu citizenship . 
  some banks pay some interest on some accounts . 
  mostly on savings accounts and on cds and other instruments . 
   if try do , then yes , you do get a return in exchange for the bank using your cash to fund loans . 
  no , that 's not how retail banking works at all . 
  in the old days , the bank did have to loan out depositors money in order to get the money to make loans at all . 
  even then , however , the money on deposit was still guaranteed . 
  that was the result of government intervention following some incidents where banks went out of business . 
  in the us i can think of the scandals that led to the fdic and the ncua ( for credit unions ) nowadays , there is zero connection between loans and depositors . 
  banks simply create the money , literally , from nothing , by opening an account for the lendee and entering some value into its ledger . 
  the money does n't come from anywhere , not from the ecb , not from another account , not from the bank 's own accounts . 
  it is literally created . 
  and it is still literally guaranteed . 
  now when you open an account from a bank , technically you are creating a liability for the bank . 
  retail banking in that sense is only really useful to entice customers of the bank to take on other products that are interest bearing ( for the bank ) and as a service so that people do n't have to keep money in their mattresses . 
  the latter is especially true given how much of modern purchasing is 100 % digital . 
  the fact that banks do n't use the money any more on loans is also one reason they charge fees for retail bank accounts -- as without the fee there would be no profit at all on non-lending banking products . 
  that 's how the fractional reserve system works . 
  it blew my mind the first time i learned it . 
  so the point here is that depositors never explicitly and unambiguously accept risk that they might lose their money , or to be investors . 
  they have a legitimate expectation that their money is always there , in its entirety , any time they want it . 
  the only thing they do agree is that the bank is not liable for losses above the mandatory deposit protection . 
  however -- i still think that it is entirely wrong for anyone to take even .01 from a depositor to fix a bank solvency issue . 
  if a depositor wants to lodge some obscene amount which would cause the bank a problem , then they should refuse to take it in the first place . 
  i definitely agree with that . 
  like here in ireland , we could have let all but two banks of the ones we rescued go bust . 
  we then prop up those two , and we manage the depositors and any fallout . 
  the problem was that in 2010 the guys in charge were shitting a brick and they were under pressure from europe ( jc trichet ) not to let any banks go bust . 
  a successor state is a new state created from the demise of an old state , and usually from when it gets carved up . 
  now in this context , the uk is getting carved up , right ? 
  scotland goes independent , and ni rejoins ireland . 
  what 's left of the uk , or ( r ) uk is wales + england . 
  the ( r ) uk is outside the eu . 
  in that scenario , from the eu 's point of view , scotland is a successor state , having become a new state ( or at least been recognised as one ) which is the remnant of an old state , the uk , which within the eu system , no longer exists . 
  i think you are trying to argue that because ( r ) uk still exists , scotland ca n't succeed it -- but that 's not really accurate . 
  the uk will not be the same minus 50 % of its former members , whether it has the same name or not , and it wo n't be in the eu . 
  the scots would i assume argue that the ( r ) uk is just a remnant of the old uk , and that as such , they , scotland , are a successor state to it within the eu . 
  then they will test to see whether as a successor state it is compelling enough to grant them membership by default without requiring the consent of the remaining states . 
  of which spain would be the only people crying about it . 
  on its own , remember , scotland already meets all of the requirements . 
  do you know what happened in greece ? 
  the state of greece borrowed ( and is still borrowing ) money . 
  the state injected some money into its banks . 
  the state of greece is whom has to pay the money back . 
  we 're not talking about that at all . 
  we 're talking about the ecb both guaranteeing deposits ( which it does now ) , and also about stepping in and re-capitalising a failing banking system in an eu state , and also by buying and disposing of non-performing assets , which are the problem in most states where the banks are heavily in debt and in danger . 
  do not confuse the debt of a sovereign state , with the debt of private banks . 
  the ecb * does * have a mandate to save a banking system . 
  notice i said a system -- i did n't say an individual bank . 
  that 's where i draw the line . 
  define war please . 
  conflict ! = war . 
  let 's fix that math . 
   uk = scotland + wales + ni + england what happens next is that : uk = wales + england , and uk leaves . 
  ( ni returns to its homeland ) ( r ) uk then = wales + england scotland becomes the eu successor state to the uk , in the eu . 
  a successor state being by definition a new state that remains after the larger country has been divided up . 
  because the uk is splitting , but scotland would remain , as the successor state . 
  for now . 
  but it ca n't last because sooner or later this scotland thing is going to get underway and then he 'll have to make a choice and deal with the aftermath . 
  the interest paid on * some * accounts is an incentive to make them competitive against other banks . 
  in no way is it , or was it , ever intended to be a coupon for an investor . 
  and believe it or not , it is very important that an investor agree in writing to accept the risk of loss , and to have done so unambiguously and willingly . 
  conditions clearly not met by just opening a deposit account . 
   the ones having more than 100.000 on the bank are richer people than the average taxpayer the ability to pay ( or being rich ) has absolutely no bearing on whether they should pay . 
  when depositors have their ` haircut ' in the bail-in , the bank is seizing ( stealing ) their assets to pay its debts . 
  debts the depositors neither authorised them to take , nor had any control , ever , in the decision to enter into . 
  they are not responsible for the conduct of the bank . 
  they are its customers !, 
   thats market economy while acting like in the greek crises is socialism for banks ( and states ) . 
  every major country in the world has deposit protections , as a function of protecting consumers in the markets . 
  it 's not part of the ` market economy ' , it 's a protection * from * the market economy by governments . 
  one that was compromised for the sake of petty politics . 
   greek crises is socialism for banks ( and states ) . 
  there was absolutely nothing socialist about what happened in greece . 
  being forced to take out loans is not socialist in any capacity . 
  that 's ridiculous .
