  threatening to cut a user off from all modern services ( from social media , applications , operating systems , etc ) implies a level of coercion . 
  further scc are not contracts between user and company , but between eu subsidiary and american parent company . 
  users do not provide consent in the process ; it is opaque to them . 
  this means that the requirement to provide essential protections applies to the contract with or without user consent . 
  contracts do not overcome legislative instruments , so the only way a company can certify that the contract upholds the required essential protections is not to enter into it . 
  currently , for example , fb inc ( usa ) can not certify to fb eu that is meeting essential requirements because even if it agreed to eu privacy protections , it would still have to turn over data when legally requested to do so by us authorities . 
   it will mean that the us legislation does not provide eu-equivalent protection , so data from europeans will no longer be able to be exported . 
  correct , and imo , this is the likely outcome . 
  eu citizens do not have essentially equivalent protection to us citizens at this time . 
   `` update to our privacy policy '' that says `` either allow us to export your data from the eu or terminate your account '' . 
  this would likely fail as freely given consent . 
   court orders for surveillance pursuant to federal wiretap law wiretap laws are separate to national security laws . 
  the applicable powers in this context are granted under other instruments . 
  authorities can use fisa to obtain any data they want , and the subject of those requests can not challenge it . 
  the whole process is secret , and there is an advocate assigned by the court to look at the govt 's request . 
  however , fisa is mostly a rubber-stamp court . 
  the number of official fisa requests that were not granted was tiny . 
  as long as the process is governed by a secret court where users named in its actions neither know or can challenge the intercept , essential protections will never exist . 
  by the way , remember that none of this is dealing explicitly with mass-surveillance , only with what authorities can legally request . 
  the us system operates on a principle called ` third party doctrine ' which does n't apply in the eu . 
  specifically , if a user gives data to a party like fb , fb becomes the owner of that data . 
  they can turn around and hand it to others as their property without users having a say in the process . 
  there are some limits to this , and some data that is protected , but in general a lot of the data being collected by mass-surveillance technologies is not . 
  that is opposite to the eu approach , where data about a person is construed to belong to that person , and must be respected as a matter of privacy . 
  overall , the problem is a total mismatch between how the us handles digital data and how the eu handles it . 
  this has not been corrected by privacy shield . 
  that 's where the issue is unclear . 
  there may be some scope for scotland to stay in the eu because it is already in the eu , and its citizens are eu citizens now . 
  there is precedent of a newly declared independent state deciding which treaties it will honour and which it will not , on a case by case basis . 
  this is what ireland did after its independence . 
  so in that sense a newly independent scotland would decide to maintain its eu membership , and use its legislative system to formalise both eu membership and policy into scottish law . 
  the question then becomes whether or not there is any space within the eu framework to recognise it ? 
  the scots would claim to be a successor state to the uk in the eu , which might afford them the right to membership . 
  opinion is divided about whether they would or would not qualify as a successor state . 
  that 's what the ecj would have to decide . 
  everyone forgets this , but it has not been shown , anywhere , in any legal capacity , that scotland would need to make a fresh application . 
  the ecj has not given a legal opinion . 
  all that has been said have been the personal opinions of certain ec members speaking in a personal capacity . 
  and it was said more or less for political capital in project fear to keep scotland from declaring independence . 
  people are assuming something that is not settled fact . 
  the privacy shield is likely to fail in the ecj . 
  the previous safe harbor ruling stated that privacy protections must be ` essentially equivalent ' for eu citizens as for us citizens themselves . 
  this standard was not met by privacy shield . 
  there was no repeal of the legislative statutes that enable the breach of privacy , e.g. 
  the patriot act , especially part 702 in the us . 
  neither did the us commit to ending mass surveillance . 
  instead they merely promised to target the use of that information after it is obtained and stored . 
  eu citizens still do not have any legislation guaranteeing them the same privacy rights as us citizens . 
  the ec failed miserably to enforce the ecj ruling in negotiations . 
  and the sticking point is that in order for the us to meet the requirements stated by the ecj , it would require repeal or amendment of laws related to us intelligence agencies ' activities . 
  this would never happen with a republican hor , and now with a republican president . 
  input from the article 29 working party is likewise troubling . 
  they have serious concerns that the remedies set out in the safe harbour ruling have not been met , despite some progress being made in areas . 
  here in ireland , the other aspect of the use of standard contractual clauses and eula documents to consent to transmission of data to the us has begun its trial in the commercial court , who have been asked by the dpc to forward to ecj . 
  given the previous ruling by the ecj in safe harbor , as well as the fact that users can not clearly and unambiguously opt-in to government interception of their data , those methods are likely to fail too . 
  so i would n't be so proud of what we have achieved , or put much faith in privacy shield . 
  it 's very likely the ecj is going strike down the whole package and do what the ec was too cowardly to do themselves . 
  are you familiar at all with history , and specifically with political philosophy ? 
  all modern democracy is built on natural law , ideas espoused by locke , hobbes , paine , et al. 
  natural law transcends legal instruments ; the law is an expression of it . 
  for a state and a constitution to have legitimacy , they must be based on the consent of the governed . 
  in order for consent to consent , it must be able to be withdrawn . 
  that is the principle of self-determination . 
  that is what is occurring here : the catalans are in the process of deciding whether or not they wish to withdraw their consent to being governed by spain . 
  where the spanish constitution ( or any constitution ) declares that the govt and other parts of spain can veto this , it is wrong . 
  and illegitimate . 
  it violates the principles of natural law . 
  it means in other words that spain is going to impose its rule by force on catalan until such time as it decides to let go . 
  in that sense the state is acting as a force of tyranny , a mob rules mentality by the majority behind a veneer of legitimacy . 
  what is ` legal ' or ` not legal ' is in this sense irrelevant . 
  no other region , institution , or power has a right to determine the consent of catalan for catalan . 
  for madrid to overrule the catalans themselves means the state of spain and its constitution are illegitimate . 
  there 's nothing ridiculous about it . 
  politics and economics are entirely separate issues , although in this era they have become increasingly confused . 
  how much debt is owed to spain from catalonia ( if any ) has no bearing on whether catalonia remains in a legal union with spain or not . 
  that 's like saying ` sorry wife , we can not get divorced because you owe me money . ', 
  that would n't work ; the divorce would go ahead and the money would be separated out as a part of it . 
  now there are clearly geopolitical issues as to whether some states or others would recognise an independent catalonia , for their own reasons . 
  but none of that impacts the inherent , fundamental right , of all nations to decide for themselves with whom they will associate . 
  and it is uncontraversial that catalan considers itself a separate nation , with its own language and heritage . 
  spain can either allow catalonia to decide for itself , and thus defend democracy , or it can try to suppress it and thus assert that a ) states have a right to impose themselves on people where they wish , and b ) to exist independent of the consent of the governed . 
  both are a tyranny of the majority . 
  and deciding whether or not to be part of spain and thus to follow the spanish constitution ( or not ) is not up to anyone else but catalonia . 
  everyone has a right to self-determination . 
  it is a right that supersedes all constitutions everywhere . 
  any state that tries to prevent the right of self-determination is not a democracy . 
  it 's amazing that someone can get elected just for being not-le-pen . 
  option 1 is meaningless without enforcement . 
  in such a scenario , catalonia would likely ignore whatever order or pronouncement occurred . 
  it would take physical force to prevent the goc from convening . 
  also , this move would almost certainly lead to unrest and bloodshed . 
  option 2 is just madrid ignoring the situation while it steadily loses control over the province . 
  the question here is whether the ` unionists ' so to speak would begin an insurgency of their own in the event of a secession they do n't support . 
  given my flair , i confess that i 'm probably applying what happened in my country in ni to this situation . 
  which is probably not warranted . 
  maybe the unionists would not be motivated towards paramilitary violence , at least in the beginning . 
  imo , madrid is being about as stupid with this as they can be . 
  doing everything in one 's power to suppress a movement and putting said movement 's leaders on trial always backfires . 
  this is a sure way of pushing the timetable for secession forward . 
  it also makes madrid look heavy handed .
