  until the day the issues exposed by wikileaks and the whistleblowers it supports are resolved , there is zero reason to believe that ` justice ' is being served in the us or states that support it . 
  that 's the chief problem here : the us and its allies have been shown to be conducting activities that go against the basic fundamental and human rights of most citizens in the world . 
  the concept of ` justice ' and ` law ' have become totally divergent and the differences between them distinct . 
  at present we can no longer trust institutions in most states to use law to create justice , and because of it , acts that are illegal often have to occur to expose injustice . 
  there would n't be a conspiracy or a convoluted process is this was n't wikileaks and if the us/uk were n't out for blood . 
  the matter would have stayed ` dropped ' after the original prosecutor decided it did n't merit further investigation and/or charges . 
  or if it were any other person , they 'd have gone back to sweden again to be questioned , because they would n't be afraid of winding up renditioned to some black site never to see the light of day again . 
  what 's really troubling is that all these people itt who are saying assange is just a lying cunt hiding from justice are the same people who do n't seem to mind the way the us treats detainees . 
  or those they designate ` enemy combatant ' to avoid having to observe the rules of war and its obligations . 
  it 's ironic that people so adamant that law and justice be served are willing to look the other way when these concepts are wantonly violated in service to political ends . 
  assange is totally justified in worrying that this is the fate that might befall him . 
  and nobody will assure him that it wo n't happen . 
  any other person in this situation would do the same thing if it were them . 
  tbh it seems like the only people spewing bullshit are the ones claiming there 's no political dimension to the issue . 
  the people who keep having to be reminded over and over again about the history involved in the situation . 
  like that he was questioned in sweden and released . 
  that the original prosecutor in the case declined to pursue any charges , and dropped the matter . 
  then this prosecutor was replaced ( at the behest of the us it seems ) and the case re-opened , and an european arrest warranted issued . 
  the warrant being a very unique and disproportionate response . 
  sweden then claims assange can only be questioned in sweden , despite the fact they question people outside sweden repeatedly . 
  they first refuse to do it , then grudgingly agree -- only because the statute of limitations in the case on some of the potential charges is set to expire and they are motivated not to let them . 
  but of course , the offer to question is n't contingent upon allowing the equadorian embassy , on whose soil the questioning will happen , and who are offering official asylum , to complete their process for such an official visit . 
  was sweden willing to wait for the consulate to complete the protocols required , including for the necessary staff to be in place ? 
  it 's either let us question him right now when we want , or it 's a refusal to let us question him . 
  it 's almost like sweden wanted to be able claim they were denied the opportunity ... 
  this is not a complicated situation , except where political actors are really looking to save face . 
  neither sweden nor the uk are interested in getting to the issues involving the rape allegation simply . 
  the uk is n't even interested in dealing with the conflict between its european level obligations and its human rights obligations , of which the hr obligations take precedent . 
  it 's not an accident that the un and the attorneys reviewing the incident found in his favour . 
  you are i think assuming that the principle amounts are always low . 
  the average student loan ( some other commentor claimed ) is 30k $ . 
  that 's approximately 300-400 per month payment amount , which is the equivalent of a car payment in the usa . 
  now imagine the amount is 120k $ . 
  that 's the equivalent in some places of a mortgage . 
  say 1200-1500 $ payment per month . 
  7 % interest is not a ` really low ' rate by the way . 
  how long do you think it takes most borrowers to achieve a level of income where an added payment is a trivial problem ? 
  the same point i 've been labouring to get people to see is that this payment takes the place of other kinds of payments . 
  rather than buy a car , they pay loans . 
  or rather than buy a house , they pay loans . 
  that is an important point that is totally being dismissed . 
  using student loans to finance education is an altogether stupid way of going about equipping young people to enter the job market and start their professional careers . 
  it is stupid in the same way that the broken window fallacy is : the money could be used in a much more economically friendly fashion , and in a much more socially responsible way . 
  tbh this kind of conversation is becoming stale . 
  pointing out that the costs have gone up 10x the rate of inflation , and 4x the cost of living year on year since 1978 and having it ignored is tiresome . 
  as is pointing out that every other kind of debt is covered by available relief . 
  these points are not trivial -- they go to the heart of the issue and they are being overlooked to focus on the ` affordable ' interest rates and the ` helpful ' income based plans . 
  they try to treat a symptom and not a root-cause , which is an unsustainable education system that is in some cases trapping young people in poverty and in a wider sense threatening future economic stability . 
  i do n't think this is going anywhere , so this will be my last reply to this thread . 
  they also knew they had leverage to enforce their wishes whether or not it made sense , as guaranteed by the ecb . 
  varoufakis was horribly naive to think he was negotiating anything with schauble et al. 
   because when you 're 50 you earn a lot more than when you 're fresh out of school , so most people do pay it off . 
  yes , but 50 is way to late to * start * making life decisions . 
  so people should buy their first house at 50 ? 
  or consider having kids at 50 ( if it were possible ) ? 
  and you entirely missed the point about interest . 
  why should a government program include interest in the first place ? 
  did you know that if the us doe 's profit on student loans was treated as a company , it would be the third most profitable company in the us ? 
  not only that -- but when a person starts ibr they are in most cases * doubling * the amount of time it takes to pay off the loan ( assuming that ` paying off ' means loan forgiveness ) . 
  standard repayment schedule is 10 years for student loans . 
  ibr doubles that -- so the amount of money a student ends up repaying by using an ibr plan is far more than the money they would pay if they adhered to a standard schedule . 
  except the payment amounts in many cases on a standard schedule do n't line up at all with the income from employment . 
  the more debt there is relative to the weakness of income , the more the loan system becomes a poverty trap . 
  honestly , ibr-type programmes are totally unnecessary . 
  all that needs to happen ( assuming the ridiculous and ever-increasing education costs continue ) to level student loan debt with all other debt is to make it eligible for bankruptcy . 
  bankruptcy being , by the way , no easy or simple thing , and something with pretty profound consequences in its own right . 
  let students who make stupid financial decisions about their education pay the same price as those who make stupid decisions about any other kind of debt , and suffer the same 7 years of misery because of it . 
  after that , everyone gets a new start and the world moves on . 
  the only reason students are being penalised more than any others intentionally is because policy makers know the system is unsustainable and they know that bankruptcy protections would essentially collapse it . 
  they are protecting the system now at the expense of the future economy of the us . 
  i suppose the issue is solved then . 
  jamieusa and his sister have student loans that they can easily repay . 
  crisis averted . 
  did they not teach you in school that your anecdotal experience and your feelings are not proof of anything ? 
  likewise , according to you , the only degrees with value are the ones that get jobs . 
  i guess everyone should be a stem grad then . 
  or business . 
  nothing else in the university system is worth the time . 
  except , on the contrary , society needs the social sciences . 
  it needs the humanities , and it even needs gender studies . 
  it needs people focused on these subjects because they care about them , and because they enrich society as a whole . 
  the fact that college is turning out to be nothing more than an extended job training plan is a detriment . 
  but tbh , * all * of that is beside the point . 
  it has no bearing on whether it should be acceptable for all debt except student loans to be discharge-able in bankruptcy , on whether the exorbitant year on year increases in costs for education , backstopped by government 's unlimited subsidy are serious issues , and whether or not people who leave that system behind them are justified . 
  i made the point the american student loan system is a house of cards held together by punitive rules , and you have not done anything to disprove that , whether you or your sister can afford your payments or not . 
  what is the point of having a plan where interest continues to accrue for 20 years , only to be forgiven by the government later ? 
  and it misses the point that the loans are meant to be paid off , not carried to retirement and forgiven . 
  it overlooks the issue that student loans create , even when they are in good standing : loan to debt ratio and servicing obligations . 
  that principle sl amount is still reported as debt which counts toward the extension of credit -- even where the payment on it is 0 . 
  simply having a student loan of any modest amount can prevent access to mortgages , car loans , or other financial instruments . 
  i 'm not sure if you 've thought about the fact that america 's financial system is dependent upon debt -- that is young americans are expected to buy houses and cars , to start families etc , which many of them now can not do because they have student loan debt . 
  loan debt that their parents did not have . 
  in your above argument , this debt stays with a debtor for 20 years -- which is most of a person 's working life . 
  and on ibr , appreciates in value the entire time . 
  upon what will the american economy rely when its future homeowners and family starters are disqualified from credit because they have student loans they will never repay ? 
  ibr plans , by the way , have less than 20 % uptake by students . 
  they are n't a solution to the problem , they just kick the can down the road . 
  worse , they knew their solution would n't work when they were imposing it . 
  imagine sitting down for negotiations as greece with an imf report in hand saying that 2010 was a mistake and that current expectations would not succeed without debt relief , and then being told that the targets were going ahead anyway , with no debt relief included . 
  people can say what they like about varoufakis being narcissistic or arrogant .
