russia will never annex romania since that would mean letting all of your gypsies into russia . 
  lol, 
  well yeah , everyone knows that . 
  condemning the rape of women is not an example of that racism though . 
  that 's isis level of religious hatred, 
  the problem is that people from germany go to cz to buy meth . 
  i 'm gon na laugh so hard if this bullshit leads to a war between serbia and hungary, 
  because hundreds of thousands of people are trying to illegally enter the country . 
  that just means that serbia is completely fucked now . 
  alter , ernsthaft ? 
  so everyone should be able to make up their own laws and follow only those ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  gypsies utterly ruined your country 's reputation . 
  800k is just the number of requests for asylum . 
  a lot of the migrants are gypsies from the balkan region who will mostly ( 99 % ) be turned away . 
  the problem is that we have to house and feed them while their requests are checked for validity which right now takes months since the immigration offices are ridiculously understaffed . 
  i think theres a lot more radicals ( mostly rightwing and nazis ) on reddit than you would find in real life . 
  meh , just let them go then . 
  that 's because the gulf emirates are assholes . 
  but i do n't think we should follow their example . 
  otherwise they wouldnt be xenophobic nutjubs . 
  the other 10 % are just better at pretending not to be retarded . 
  i think leaving refugees from the worst warzone of the 21 . century to die on their own for unsubstantiated reasons is absolutely heartless and evil . 
  rekt, 
  tell me again how helping refugees is bankrupting our country . 
  i could n't hear you over the sound of our booming economy . 
  well , you could try to immigrate but you got ta be prepared for nazis to throw firebombs at your house . 
  apparently moving here from another country makes people hate you so much they 'd rather go to jail than help you out . 
  it 's just to derail the discussion , really . 
  that 's naive . 
  i think they have the same or even worse shit going on but just hide it better . 
  that 's because it 's utter bullshit, 
  no that is reasonable and true . 
  however , that does not in any way mean that we should just close our borders and leave innocent people to die . 
  you could , you know , vote in elections for a party that supports your views or , if you dont find one , form your own . 
  it 's an old tactic to invent stupid shit and attribute it to the left and moderates . 
  so what ? 
  would you rather have thousands of real living people die than pay 100 bucks more in tax per year ? 
   yes , lets just disciminate everyone by calling them far-right extremists !, 
  claim that anyone who disagrees with helping refugees is unjustly called a nazi 2 . 
  write some fucked up nazi comments 3 . get called out for it 4 . hurr durr i told you so if you see this shit often enough you already know at step 1 what the other 3 steps will be . 
   to some people , if you 're not in favor of 100 % unrestricted immigration for everyone ever , you 're a nazi it 's mostly the actual nazis who claim that to get neutrals and moderates on their side , but it doesnt actually happen very often . 
  but the evil black men are coming to get him if the brave patriotic concerned citizens dont burn down a few more houses, 
  actually the anti-immigration people are the ones who are blinded by ideology . 
  realistically your life will propably not be impacted at all by taking a few hundred thousand refugees . 
  if this shit wasnt all over the news you wouldnt even notice it around you . 
  well , as long as both sides enjoy it ... 
  yeah , i dont even have anything against roma . 
  i have something against nomadic criminals living in trash and using their kids for crime instead of sending them to school . 
  i guess with the ones who decided to live in modern society you ca n't tell they 're roma . 
  there is a reason they never get more than 5 % of the votes . 
  the majority of the population condemns the attacks and despises those people . 
  i will not let my country get taken over by some retarded nazi assholes . 
  it 's not a secret that the police ( especially in the east ) are very lenient to neo nazi groups and many officers are involved themselves . 
  it 's embarassing . 
  i blame pegida for making the nazis think their opinions are mainstream now . 
  wow . 
  such parade . 
  very gay . 
  i 'm pretty sure it does work . 
  the question is how much of our freedom do we want to trade for safety . 
  many people think that having freedom is worth taking a certain risk . 
  when did the npd and other nazi movements ever care about anything other than racism or issues that could be exploited for racist goals ? 
  disclaimer : i 'm german and do n't know the details of the problems you face in sweden  unskilled labor from north africa that get abused daily is a problem in sweden , and they 're not eligible for any welfare , they 're completely invisible to society , but they 're there . 
  those are actual economic immigrants and it is a problem that is hard to check . 
  why do you blame the africans and not the employers ? 
  if you had no money and no job in africa you certainly would not refuse a job offer either . 
   then theres the roma gypsies . 
  i feel gypsies are a special case , they are not refugees or immigrants . 
  they are nomads usually living off crime . 
   then there 's refugees and while they need a sanctuary some countries just ca n't swallow that burden without them suffering . 
  i 'm ready to pay a few % more taxes to save a lot of lives . 
  and the refugees may just have to deal with it , at least its better than living in the middle of a war or drowing in the sea . 
   and it gets increasingly a burden when you give these people permanent asylum en masse even though the welfare state and labor market and housing market ca n't account for them . 
  it will be a burden on the nation for sure . 
  but i 'm more than willing to carry my part of that . 
  i propably wont even notice it to be honest . 
  housing is a problem but that 's because we were not prepared ( which is stupid ) . 
  the labor market here in germany really needs young people since a lot of jobs are not taken ( teenagers feel to entitled to work the shitty jobs )  what 's even worse is the backward culture they bring with them . 
  i agree . 
  but i think if we do it properly we can change the culture . 
  maybe it will take one or two generations of children born and raised here though . 
  also keep in mind that a lot of middle eastern culture is actually perfectly fine , it 's not 100 % raping women and stoning people . 
  most of the shitty behaviour is not arab/muslim culture but universal poverty culture . 
   you can send signals by not giving permanent stay to these refugees , but temporary . 
  why ? 
  for us the reason is that the responsible offices are severely understaffed and ca n't keep up with processing all the paperwork , i.e. 
  checking whether someone gets asylum or not and deporting all the people who do n't get asylum . 
  it takes months in germany to process someone , which is bullshit . 
  if we kicked out everyone that doesnt get asylum after a week , most of our problems with the whole immigration issue would be solved . 
   because they do n't integrate anyway so why even try to encourage them ? 
  you have to keep trying , man . 
  it usually takes 2-3 generations . 
  honestly , as long as they follow our laws i do n't give a fuck what culture you live at home . 
  europe is doing well actually . 
  if not for the fearmongering and racist panic rethoric on the internet you wouldnt even know theres a crisis . 
  i guess you only met gypsies pretending to be refugees, 
  actually it 's the moderates who are fleeing the middle east and the radicals are second and third generations immigrants who were born in the eu . 
  we are dealing with the biggest refugee crisis since ww2 and doing our best to help as many people as we can escape death and suffering . 
  i do n't see how anyone could find that unethical .
