  it wo n't . 
  it 's all gon na turn out better than expected . 
  we should help as many people as we can though . 
  our boat ca n't take all of the titanic 's passengers but if we get a little closer together we can still save a few of them . 
  the people throwing molotovs at refugee homes are the same people that take a 20 person lifeboat for themselves and watch the women and children drown . 
  try reading the comment sections of german news sites , some of these people are worse than actuall full fledged 1935 nazis . 
  you have to keep in mind that this is only a minority , even though they pretend to be the majority . 
  belgium is still known for being the land of waffles and pedos . 
  nah , they need to take the east back , fortify the border to russia to stop soldiers and weapons coming in and then rebuild . 
  it is actually, 
  i 'd rather have a bit of middle eastern culture mixed in than nazi culture to be honest . 
  i 'd rather kick the nazis out and keep the immigrants . 
  at least the immigrants usually want to work unlike the east german harz4 nazis . 
  nah , however it is indeed racist to try and kill foreigners just because they are foreigners and shout racist paroles . 
  of course we ca n't accept everyone and 800k is propably a bit too much . 
  but that does in no way justify terrorist attacks and nazi-riots . 
  i think it 's more like the thing youre insulting being doomed by god, 
  i think he 's forgetting that the british empire ruled most of the world at one time or another, 
  biathlon is an obscure and bizarre sport ? 
  quality ? 
  this sub is known all over reddit as wannabe stormfront, 
  i 'd say that we have to take in refugees because leaving them to rot somewhere by the road would be highly unethical and absolutely shameful . 
  i guess it 's a subject that you ca n't really change someone 's opinion on . 
  one side is thinking with empathy and trying to help even though it 's gon na be expensive and difficult , the other side is only looking out for themselves and thinks of empathy as a weakness . 
   political parties are supposed to represent group of people of given country . 
  they are not supposed to manipulate or transform them ( leftists aka `` progressives '' of course believe that they and only they are entitled to do it ) . 
  if a party stops to represent voters , it looses votes . 
  come on , do n't pretend the rightwing parties are any better . 
  they manipulate , lie and try to reeducate just as much as the left wing . 
  ^ it ^ was ^ a ^ trap ^ all ^ along, 
  it seems like lying into your face even though they know that you realize it 's a lie is something of a russain thing . 
  no thanks , i 'd like my propaganda to be at least a little bit subtle . 
  breitbart is a full on alt-right propaganda cannon . 
  propably bringing shame and diappointment to their family for failing and getting ridiculed by the neighbours `` lol i told you ahmed '', 
  they paid a fuckload of money to smugglers . 
  money that they do n't necessarily have twice . 
  afghanistan in many areas is still on medieval level . 
  a lot of the people from the remote mountain villages do n't even know about the nation of afghanistan or the existance of the afghani government since they havent had contact to the outside world in like forever . 
  i remember reading accounts of us soldiers who were asked if they were soviets since the people didnt even get the info about the russians leaving afghanistan in the 80s, 
  dude , european politicians are the most incompetent ones that were put there by their parties so they couldnt fuck shit up in their own countries, 
  naming weekdays after norse gods masterrace !, 
  if mexican special forces show up in texas and declare that texas was now part of mexico since a lot of people there speak spanish anyway , would you support military actions to stop them ? 
  they 'd post it all over the internet and make sure as many people as possible see it , so yeah propably . 
  russia is basically a mafia state where the president and his friends are rich as fuck while the rest of the population do n't see any of the money from those ressources . 
  [ it went to shit after the brexit referendum ] ( http://www.x-rates.com/graph/?from=gbp&amp;to=eur&amp;amount=1 ), 
  `` if you dont give the nazis power and a platform they 'll start attacking people , so better give in to their blackmail '' how about you just jail these fuckers instead ? 
  those lucky berliners , i get 6mbit max ... germany propably has the worst internet infrastructure of the developed world ... 
  it 's not about `` winning '' and `` losing '' . 
  holy fuck , this shit has serious real life consequences . 
  some people are very paranoid and do n't even think about the possibility that the romanian people are legitimately mad about a corrupt law . 
  they think everything that ever happens is orchestrated by the cia/illuminati etc. 
  `` do n't worry fam , so how about that gas pipeline ? ... '', 
  remove vodka, 
  it amazes me how many people in the west still believe anything the russians say . 
  yeah , how dare the sovereign nations next to a historically aggressive superpower prepare defensive measures in case of another invasion !, 
  how do you change the way someone else perceives reality ? 
   it makes us consciously more paranoid and divisive . 
  that 's why being brave and not fearing it is the best way to deal with terrorism for the average citizen . 
  it 's not even the same country m8, 
  yeah of course to where they came from . 
  if you 're an illegal afghani immigrant you get sent [ back to afghanistan ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2016/12/15/first-group-of-afghans-deported-from-germany-under-new-deal ) , anything else wouldnt make sense . 
  i honestly do n't think most foreign german students would be able to understand that , no matter how long they 've been learning german . 
  it 's mostly the same demographic, 
  most of this is stuff that is not in the quran , but , over the years , random imams with a lot of followers just pulled out of their asses and declared as true . 
  i 'd rather have a random guy in power than some asshole who spent his entire life thinking about the best ways to fuck people over, 
  especially since virtually every terrorist who did an attack in europe during the last decade was already known to and under surveillance by intelligence services ... 
  they have all the info they need , the execution ( aka actually arresting the fuckers ) is where they failed every time . 
  when did the concept of `` shame '' disappear from western culture ? 
  this is just embarrassing to everyone who participated . 
  i wish people still subscribed to their daily local papers instead of getting their news off `` the internet '' ( aka crazies posting shit on facebook ), 
  seriously , this kind of shit is not normal . 
  not even bild ( the worst german tabloid ) is quite * this * bad . 
  43ad never forget remove spaghetti, 
  former president hollande sounds like holland, 
  they believe that at the final battle between them and the rest of the world , jesus ( ! ), 
  will return and kill the antichrist , granting them victory and eternal paradise . 
  so what they are doing is trying to provoke judgement day and fulfill their crazy prophecy . 
  source : http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/, 
   is like harassment acceptable in their societies yep , simple as that . 
  in all of those primitive societies women are seen as worthless and nobody cares if you molest or rape them . 
  not limited to muslim societies btw. , see india . 
  funnily enough that 's exactly what we thought when we heard about your government taking control of the media . 
  as a german i can honestly tell you that our media is not controlled by some illuminati marxist conspiracy . 
  it 's just that different papers obviously support different political ideologies . 
  ** that 's why you always read multiple newspapers ** . 
  only the far right loonies who get all their news from facebook ( !!! ), 
  posts . 
  the rest of us actually read multiple newspapers and see that everything ( that foreigners on reddit claimed the media was hiding ) is actually all reported in our media . 
  moroccans and algerians come here to make money ( mostly through crime since they 're not allowed to work a job while their asylum requests are being processed ) . 
  none of those gets asylum but since our bureaucracy is completely overloaded right now it takes months until someone checks their request and denies it . 
  you could as an american apply for asylum , yes . 
  unless you can prove you 're politically persecuted your request will be denied though . 
  once your asylum request is denied you 're technically staying in germany illegally . 
  however we ca n't afford to deport too many people so most of them just stay here . 
  99 % of them will not get their asylum requests approved . 
  but since our government does not want to spend any money we do n't really do deportations . 
  dude . 
  if you were on the run , would you rather live in a fucked up shithole camp in a country like turkey or would you rather go to germany/skandinavia ? 
  i do n't blame those migrants one bit , i 'd do the same thing . 
  he 's saying that if we closed our borders there would be over 1 million refugees in greece right now .
