  they wo n't be suffering anymore than the people of ua will be because of ru 's invasion . 
  the invasion created instability in ru ( the reason why investors are wary of invested in ru ) but the invasion created even more instability in ua . 
  this is fair , why should the ukrainian people have to suffer while the russian people do not ? 
  the russians people have the power to stop this if they unite for real democracy ; but right now they are too passive and submissive due to their history and culture . 
  it 's probably better than the alternative ... also , this thought just popped into my head , but is n't this another reason to join ttip so the usa wo n't be able to fight this type of warfare with us in the future ? 
   i 've had quite a bit of experience of western media spreading bulshit lies about my country . 
  you 're austrian ... austria is a western country ... your saying austrian media is slanted against austria ? 
  ... in russia they arrest you for protesting against the regime , no matter if it 's peaceful and respectful or if it 's violent and destructive . 
  the west only arrests you if you 're violent and destructive or if you are on * private * property and the owner has requested you to leave . 
  because then you are trespassing . 
  western media is not even in the same league as russian media in terms of bias . 
  always believe western media over russian media, 
  let 's not forget that russia is threatening to invade and these people are being forced at some level . 
  there can be no real mediator . 
  russia is already willing to sacrifice it economy , they see this as a zero sum game . 
  yea but you would have beaten ussr if you have n't had to deal with a western front too . 
  in the west authorities have a legit reason to arrest protestors at unauthorized protests because unauthorized protests only happen when protestors try to do huge destruction . 
  for example there was a couple times when protestors tried to invade and occupy a nuclear power plant to protest nuclear power . 
  since this was a * grave * threat to society , the protestors had to be removed before they damaged the plant . 
  however when protestors wanted to oppose intervention in mali and car , they were completely allowed to do so . 
  i 'm so sick of russian propaganda . 
  i feel embarrassed that i actually read rt during the snowden scandal and thought it was a legit source . 
  i read this has something to do with the fact that when english colonists left england there had not yet been a universally established spelling for all words . 
  some publications in england itself would use fibre while other publications would use fiber . 
  then in new england a guy named webster made a dictionary and used the spellings he thought were universally accepted in england . 
  this webster 's dictionary was used a lot in new england so the spelling in webster 's dictionary became the norm in america . 
  but i do n't know if it matters though . 
  english is not like french with the acadamie fran\u00e7aise or german with goethe institut . 
  i have to say i 'm impressed that so many ukrainians ( both ru speaking and ua speaking ) are resitent to kremlin propaganda while there are a too few many westerners who will swallow anything putin says as fact . 
  good on you , ukrainians . 
  that makes me sad , i thought american 's were willing to defend us as if we were their own ? 
  i hope your view is not the mainstream because that would deeply lessen my hope in the trans-atlantic relationship . 
  i 'm sorry but rt and voice of russia have no place in a balanced discussion about ukraine . 
  ria novosti and interfax should be used instead to see the real russian view and not the kremlin view . 
  this was tweeted by a russian speaking friend from eastern ukraine . 
  * but * based on his recent commentary of the recent events in ukraine in the media ( telegraph , bbc , pri ) it seems that these quotes are very very much in line with his believing . 
  i 'll keep looking to find the exact quote , but i think the original might be in russian, 
  i geuss i read that he was a japanese translator and my mind immediately assumed it must have been during wwii , as if the ussr would n't need a japanese translator during the cold war . 
  shit , imagine if that would have happened during the age of imperialism ? 
  it would have been too glorious to comprehend . 
  this is a very educated novelist , who is russian and has a very in depth knowledge of russian history and culture . 
  based on the wealth of his intelligence we can be sure that propaganda and populist fervor does not have a strong effect on him . 
  i take the words of wise men very seriously ,, 
  i think that photos like this can be quite helpful to the conversation , it 's a quick and precise prompt . 
  much like a slide on a slideshow . 
  the culture of this sub redding favours in depth posts , i do n't think we need to worry about photos like this overwhelming r/europe . 
  only salient and informative photos will be accepted by this community . 
  i agree , but let 's keeping on pretending like we despise each other because it 's fun . 
  readers should read the full article and know that this is not saying russian propaganda is in anyway a proper source . 
  this is intended to advise on what the true russian perspective is ( not the one rufed propaganda spews ) . 
  if we read kremlin propaganda we must critically analyze it as kremlin propaganda - meaning ask ourselves `` what does this say about the about the kremlin and it 's actions ? '', 
  and not `` what does it say about the actual crisis ? '', 
  indeed , otherwise the world will be consumed by either cheery , smiling americans , morbidly depressed central euros or jovial hot-blooded italians and spaniards . 
  for those who do n't know him , [ here is his wiki page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andrey_kurkov ) fun fact : in addition to being an internationally renowned novelist , he was also a japanese translator for the kgb ~ ~ during wwii . ~ ~ edit : was not a translator during wwii , just the cold war . 
  those are gloriously american names . 
  do you listen to rufed propaganda day and night , or what ? 
  it is well known that if the british are polite then the french are rude . 
  it 's true and we are proud . 
  now we must both admit that we are assholes , just that brits hide it with politeness . 
  those people are from russia . 
  rufed is busing in thousands if people to protest . 
  ah good point , the thing is once america acts than the euros will act . 
  we ca n't do it without america . 
  i do n't think america should do it alone . 
  kind of understand why it must be done . 
  [ these guys really did n't consider us to be bothersome ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l6l6vqj.jpg ) it says `` welcome to the savior '', 
  do n't need them in my country because france est stronk , but i like that they are in other allied countries . 
  you talk about nsa affair while a fellow europe is being * invaded * by russian imperialists ? 
  yes , because rufed troops are soooo much better, 
  will be ignored or rufed will remove the `` not '' , send it to western media who will eat it up and use it as an excuse to not intervene . 
  great . 
  so proud . 
  wonderful society ... 
  new tumors reappear . 
  then what , cut them off too ? 
  crimea was peaceful two weeks ago . 
  i think the movement of thousands of troops and authorization of occupation in all of these regions weakens the assertion that this is all kreml-astrologie , ( p.s. 
  i really like the term kreml-astrologie ), 
  they are exploiting the residue of the poor soviet planning . 
  no one , because everyone else plays relatively friendly and is bound by numerous relationships with the us and others . 
  also china is more of a partner to the us rather than a threat . 
  competitor : yes . 
  partner : yes . 
  economic threat : no . 
  whataboutism again . 
  always with whataboutism . 
  it 's nauseating . 
  they are trying to create an arc of `` frozen '' conflicts throughout the former ussr . 
  ingushetia conflict - frozen , on and off fighting for a decade transnistria - frozen for 20 years , if russia needs to it reheats it whenever it needs to manipulate moldova south ossetia - frozen , if it needs to russia can reheat it to manipulate georgia crimea - the next phase . 
  create a frozen conflict here and then russia can reheat it to manipulate ukraine in the future . 
  it 's all about creating frozen conflicts in potential breakaway regions . 
  ` theatrical ' and ` dramatic ' rather than ironic . 
  no i 'm just being provocative because i thought that kind of talk gets americans all jazzed up, 
  this is going to sound very radical , because it is ... but i think ukraine should re-establish its nuclear weapons program . 
  its the only way to deter russia . 
  if the west wo n't step in , its * the only way . 
  * ... thoughts ? 
  because you 're the united states of america you fucking pussy . 
   controlled shelling i think you mean tactical drone strikes and tactical traditional air strikes for the big things ( since people freak the fuck out about drones ) . 
  we would n't have to go after individual actors ( which is what resulted in so many civilian deaths in wherever ) but this time it would be against good old fashioned military installations .
