   something only china is poised to do bullshit . 
  this just shows how rose-colored your worldview is . 
  i guess what makes them stronger is that they do n't give a fuck about sending their soldier to their deaths, 
  fukushima happened because the tsunami was so immensely powerful . 
  europe did n't give ukraine an either or option . 
  we said ukraine can do both . 
  russia said it was either or . 
  yea , stay out . 
  get german asylum , but leave europe out of it . 
  wow , i can not believe you just insulted the ua army . 
  they did not surrender , they peacefully resisted and have continued to peaceful resist . 
  i heard they 've started to rotate russian soldiers because so many of them developed a deep respect for the ukrainian soldiers . 
  fukushima happened because of a tsunami , and the germans freak out about it . 
  getting tired of german reactionists effecting europe as a whole . 
  hydrocarbons first though . 
  we have to do that asap, 
  well he made some fucked up comments in spiegal saying that that the crimea-krise was western europe 's fault . 
  so he 's still a shithead . 
  well that would be beautiful if a maidan happened in russia and they put medvedev in power instead of putin . 
  but i 'd way prefer to have americans spying on me than russians, 
  okay now settle down . 
  you 're one of those europeans who replaces `` puppet state '' with `` i thought we shared the same values in the way that ohio and indiana share the same values '' a lot of americans do n't understand the huge cultural diversity of europe and the different worldviews , so they misinterpret the different response as an insult . 
  do n't demonize , understand . 
  americans have a generally rational culture . 
  divided for sure . 
  germany is weak . 
  uk/us/france / poland are strong . 
  what the hell planet do you live on ? 
  washington has been as wishy-washy as berlin . 
  some opposition leaders in washington have been vocal , but the establishment has been adamant that force wo n't be used . 
  besides , that vocal rhetoric from the usa opposition is very comforting for ukrainians . 
  i follow a lot of ukrainians on twitter , and they love to retweet usa senator john mccain , who is a old cold-warrior . 
  also the polish tanks and swedish jets and usa warships all make the ukrainians less nervous . 
  do you run on pure anti-americanism , or what ? 
  weak . 
  if russia respected peaceful and friendly neighbors , then your approach would work . 
  but it does n't , it sees peacefulness as weakness . 
  what about just `` europe '' * russia loses european status for being a dick, 
  romanians do n't love usa ? 
  you are more powerful than russia if you wanted . 
  they suck . 
  ukraina is not rossiya !, 
  magically 99 % vote to secede . 
  short term mild hardship for europe in order to clip russia 's wings sounds like a good idea to me . 
  right , which gives them a `` divine right to rule '' thing that putin does n't have . 
  makes it life a bit easier for the house of saud . 
  because it 's generating a lot of economic activity wherever it 's happening , creating tons of high paying jobs for unskilled workers as long as they 're physically able to . 
  ( aka young workers ) also europe is russia 's bitch because germany and the east are totally dependent on ru hydrocarbons , and we both know that ru is super corrupt and still holds 18th century values . 
  and fuel prices in europe are 4 times what they are in the us , which puts us at a disadvantage . 
  putin wants russia to be like china . 
  sick of him . 
  i do n't care what his approval ratings are , he 's a disgusting human being . 
  shit , canada gets a lot of money from oil and they do not have a mafia government . 
   it is more rational to spend 1 bilion on a governmental lobby for fracking than to invest 1 bilion in a environmentally friendly fracking liquid , after which you could not even get approval because politicians do n't like your company . 
  apparently not in the us . 
  politicians seem to be more on the business side without even needing to be lobbied because thats their culture . 
  probably also why the gdp is so high for the population . 
   no company in the world would have the balls to invest a ludicrous amount in a technology that might be unsustainable , illegal or profitable only after decades . 
  that is bullshit for people that do n't understand just you fragile a business budget is . 
  what ? 
  you do n't know much about american corporations ... do n't you remember facebook buying whatsapp for $ 19 billion dollars ? 
  an american business just spent $ 19 billion for a messaging app , and you do n't think another american company would invest $ 2 billion in petroleum extraction ? 
  / u/kimi712 _ still has hard feelings leftover from the `` freedom fries '' incident , 
  the models they use today required billions of r&d and are fundementally different from what was developed in the past . 
  the costs of developing the technology were so high , that the fracking only became lucrative for investors once oil reached over $ 100 a barrel . 
  in addition , you should know that our friends to the east are actively trying to suppress the proper information about fracking , because it would totally derail their economic system . 
  an independent journalist from northern ireland who was completely funded by crowd-sourcing ( average donation of $ 60 ) has been repeatedly silenced by international organizations where russia has major influence : the un , the imf and council of europe . 
  [ censored when he gave a speech at the imf ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/energy/9947124/fracking-film-maker-accuses-imf-of-censorship.html ) [ * `` we are thrilled that phelim will come and address us soon and we expect a large audience , '' arezki wrote . 
  `` but as an international institution we can not show the video clip on russia and poland ( item 4 ) without allowing others to have their say on the matter . 
  since that is n't possible on this occasion , phelim will have to skip that . 
  the other clips are fine and we look forward to phelim 's talk . '' * ] ( http://freebeacon.com/imf-to-filmmaker-no-criticism-of-russia-allowed/ ) [ here 's the crowdfunding page for the project ] ( https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1009530098/fracknation/ ) gazprom is making huge money off of europe , especially eastern europe who it can fuck over especially easily . 
  their efforts at astroturfing the anti-fracking movement have been effective . 
  not true at all . 
  there are hundreds of companies that have the rights to use it . 
  and many of those companies invested huge amounts of money into developing the technology that would both extract the oil and comply with both canadian and us environmental laws . 
  you ca n't just have companies investing billions into r&d and then let anyone use that tech . 
  its not fair and we 'd end up with a world where no one creates any new , expensive technologies . 
  well ttip is good and both europe and the usa need it . 
  honestly , they just need to pass it asap . 
  yea , which is better than big russian corporations . 
  so it is brilliant , actually !, 
  good , ukraine needs this . 
  why are romanians so brainwashed against fracking ? 
  yes but its not the same . 
  us president is quite powerful too , but both of them are constrained by law and can not operate outside of the law . 
   the idea that russia `` needs '' a strong man is still very much alive in russia yes , because the strong men put a lot of effort into spreading that idea via propaganda . 
  you do realize every democratic country has had a long history of a `` strong man '' type government , right ? 
  hmm i think americans have a more `` warm and fuzzies '' towards mex than we have towards ru . 
  mex is not their ru , mex is their poland or portugal . 
  of course the power structure is to blame . 
  and about the milosevic comment , i agree . 
  i think something happens to a persons brain when they have so much power for so long . 
  all dictators eventually go loopy . 
  napoleon , hitler , stalin , saddam , mussolini , gaddaffi , mao , the kims of n.korea , franco ... 
  the list goes on . 
  they start off being successful but always loose their minds . 
  russia is being held hostage by a mafia government . 
  it is slowly chipping away at the few rights the russian people had . 
  it is unpredictable , highly manipulative and increasingly dangerous . 
  wait , was n't there a genocide in kosovo ??? ...
