  in ancient times , greeks who lived in sicily and the ptolomies of egypt are classified as part of the greek diaspora ; so by that definition qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois are certainly part of the french diaspora . 
  house of cards is amazing !, 
  in the usa now and omg , so good . 
  american boyfriend and i binge watched the first season yesterday , and the second season today . 
  so good , really . 
  usa and bbc versions are there , we watched usa version because bbc version is pretty old . 
  this how it is in usa too if i remember right, 
  netflix will be available as soon as ttip goes through . 
  so theres one positive thing about ttip, 
  didnt they elect obama mostly because he said he was going to get out of iraq ? 
  and , i recall , obama and clinton were both trying to get the nomination of the democratic party in 2008 , and the democrats did n't give it to hillary becasue she did voted in the senate to authorize the war while obama did not . 
  so they do regret it i think , a majority it seems . 
  not as complete a majority as germany , but still a majority . 
  because this sub shits all over usa far too much . 
  people can make fun of americains for being george bushes but can not make fun of germans for being hitlers ; its not exactly fair . 
  people have their breaking point , you know . 
  my god , it was very humourous its called absurdisme, 
  she most certainly represents the interests of the french people . 
  she is a lovely person if you 've ever heard her speak . 
  nonsense , just because she has an intimate knowledge of financial markets does not mean she is the new face of goldman sachs . 
  what , do you want france to end up like argentina ? 
  where foreign countries repo our battleships because we did n't repay our bills to them because our financial house was so out of wack ? 
  i really really really want her to be the next president . 
  she is very fiscally competent and france needs that right now . 
  also , she 'd be the french merkel . 
  the european union just authorized fracking . 
  the us is about to lift its ban on exporting crude oil . 
  mexico just opened up its oil reserves to us and canadian oil companies . 
  the eu just signed an fta with canada , a major producer of hydrocarbons . 
  they are negotiating an fta with the united states that is backed by the president of france , the chancellor of germany , the prime minister of the uk , the majority parties of both the bundestag and the house of commons . 
  it is likely to pass . 
  combine the these 5 facts and get a scenario where russian hydrocarbons become drastically less important to the european union , possibly even trivial . 
  russia is headed for hard times . 
  europe is not completely and utterly dependent on russia natural resources . 
  though , they require russian oil and natural gas to be economically healthy , they would n't be absolutely ruined without it . 
  russia would be absolutely ruined if europe was n't buying so much of their oil . 
  additionally , the rest of the west ( america , canada and australia ) are net exporters of oil and natural gas , and each have vast reserves of their own natural resources . 
  oh please , if he actually threatened western hegemony in a real way ; he 'd be gone . 
  london , washington and berlin could destroy the russian economy with the flick of a switch . 
  the main reason they do n't do it now , is because it would severely hurt their own economies as well . 
  but if putin went too far , they 'd pull the trigger . 
  he 's not a * real * threat to the west , he is only a serious threat to the russian , ukrainian and georgian people . 
   uncritically believes what they read there believe he is a thug . 
  those who consult alternative sources and judge him objectively tend to have a more positive view of the man . 
  and those who take it a step further and consult serious academic sources about russian political history and vladimir putin 's personal history tend to have a more concerned view of the man . 
  he is a genius and a very dangerous person . 
   supported by the west the west is simply supplying life-jackets to help euromaidan stay afloat amidst the flash-flood of kremlin interference . 
   more-so the united states ) has moved to influence and exacerbate and god bless them for that , the kremlin is certainly using all its power to suppress euromaidan . 
  the us influence is serving to counter the russian influence . 
  oh dear , i 'm afraid you have an awfully distorted view of both past and current affairs . 
  it 'd be healthiest if you returned to reality . 
  i think the only real antidote for your toxic point of view is to read a couple of thick , academic , non-fiction books about ukrainian , russian , slavic , soviet and/or post-soviet history . 
  sad that you need to even write that . 
   anyways france is not a particularly left wing country what do you consider a left-wing country ? 
  north korea ? 
  the ussr ? 
  i do n't think its fair to classify every politician that disagrees with you as being corrupt . 
  democracy ca n't function without business ... people need jobs, 
  i know a few ukrainians and i have been profoundly touched by their sincere desire for a democratic , free society . 
  ** they want a western style democracy so badly . 
  ** these guys i know are working in spain now , some were from the west and some from the east , but all of them wanted ukraine to become an authentic democracy . 
  to turn our backs on such passionate , sincere desire for liberty is profoundly un-european in my view . 
  i studied in the us for a semester and i remember meeting a vietnamese guy who had an intimate knowledge of norse mythology . 
  i asked myself : `` how on earth does a vietnamese know so much about norse mythology ? '', 
  answer : he was a refugee whose family was granted asylum in minnesota when he was a child !, 
  we 'll i suppose a move to the centre is better for everyone . 
  ttip is endorsed by socialists ? 
  upsetting . 
  i do n't like that we are receiving praise from an authoritarian/aspiring totalitarian government . 
  since the eu has abandoned euromaidan , i do n't see how these guys have any choice . 
  could n't agree with this more . 
  iranian reversed engineered drone turnout to be made of styrofoam, 
  okay , i took special care to use the word `` governance '' which has a very broad in exact meaning . 
  it does have a hell of a lot to do with proper governance aka all of the hundreds of thousands of judicial , political , fiscal and civil reforms that the eu imposed upon poland . 
  do n't frack enough, 
  i think the usa would agree with you too . 
  yea , all that success is from oil wealth , russia will be totally fucked once europe and mexico start fracking, 
  berkut defend an illegitimate government . 
  so , the violence against them is fully justified , at least until the 2004 constitution is restored and protestors are given full amnesty from the illegal laws . 
  it does n't matter , just ignore the accusation . 
  ukrainians want to live in a normal country , and supporting them in their struggle is noble . 
  * ignore these accusations * , they are intellectually flimsy talking points that were dreamed up in a rossiya segodnya boardroom . 
  no , this is just a fad . 
  the * real * two main themes of r/europe are bashing the united kingdom and pushing away the ttip agreement with the united states . 
  umm , you do know that many of them see the eu as a symbol of those rights ? 
  this is why you see the eu flag be flown all over the place in euromaidan , because ** it symbolizes a europe that is whole and free **, 
  putin and his neo-feudal mafia-state are ruining russia !, 
  the russians are a highly educated , culturally sophisticated people and they are being psychologically oppressed by putinist thugs . 
  ** this is not the sin of russia it is the sin of putin 's neo-feudalism !, 
  yes i know that , but were also being acting very very aggressively towards their warsaw pact allies and to nato allies as well . 
  and i 'm just analyzing why the americans reacted in the way they reacted ; and their reaction made sense . 
  even if the soviet plan made sense from a soviet perspective as well . 
   i believe discrimination against muslims in the united states is no worse than that which prevails in europe , if not even less-so . 
  i would certainly agree , you elected a man named barack hussein obama as president . 
  and , you know , i am not being overly critical of the us . 
  i was simply analyzing the situation . 
  i even think that it is a somewhat good policy , because it does make crazy countries think twice before causing trouble . 
   fascists , oligarchs and western expansion well , i 'm certainly adverse to fascists and oligarchs , but fuck yea western expansion !!, 
  ( when western values spread , everyone wins ), 
  no , europe can not allow the same hate speech as they allow in us .
