  eventually the americans ran out of ammunition and the chinese took the hill . 
   polukrbat sounds like a pok\u00e9mon, 
  how 'd uk get in the whatsapp group but australia , new zealand , canada and the usa got facebook messenger ? 
  also wtf ireland why are you using viber with all the orthodoxes ? 
  i demand the right to protect france 's decorative bath soap industry !, 
  i also demand that any decorative bath soaps made outside of france be legally referred to as `` externally manipulated washing agents '', 
  yea it does in a ground war though ... 
  this is why north korea exists, 
  this is why we ought to support the us and japan in their quest to bottle in china 's coast . 
  if china is purely wants to navigate the seas for economic reasons , than it should have nothing to fear . 
  therefore , i say no to diaoyu and yes to senkaku . 
  i blame louis xiv , he made that shit cool, 
  and ... stop being a bitch you 're perpetuating the stereotype that the french are all dicks, 
  i 'm just realizing how big of a win it was for the eu to get ukraine to stay out of the eurasian thingy . 
  * fucking wow * , it would have actually been soviet union 2.0 thanks be to god that the eurasian unions wings have been clipped before it even hatched from the egg !, 
   is worth it well yea , because that 's really the only option . 
  either that or russia out right annexes . 
  sorry guy . 
   i think modern russia might be a lot different lulz, 
   the eurasian union can be a great partner to the eu ahahaha ... nah , no chance . 
  no body knows about bretagne outside of france and britain fyi, 
  well , you do n't have to be a sassy bitch about it . 
  how about we just reinstate tatar rule over muscovy like the good old days ? 
  edit : or at least get some tatarstan flair for this sub, 
  but not as much as the russians . 
  hell yea i am , because i actually care about my country and europe in general . 
  yea , like the russians and americans , for example . 
  oh and the chinese . 
  they too would like a weak fractured europe to prey on . 
   i would vote if the educated elites , the journalists , the literati would not have so much power . 
  educated people will always have more power , and that 's for the best . 
  idk what you mean by literati ? 
  is that people who are well read ? 
  because they should have more power too ... 
  but of course , you clearly speak english well and you have an internet connection ... so become an educated elite or a literati !, 
  all you need to do is read and keep an open mind to new ideas . 
  ...  i would vote if the elites would not be able to paint everybody who cares for their ethnic nation as a fascist . 
  well , the this is complicated . 
  you can care for your ethnicity , but you should n't do so to such an extreme extent to where you ask ukraine to hand over territory occupied by ethnic hungarians . 
  also , you ca n't be against hungarian jews especially if they speak hungarian . 
  and foreigners who mix into hungary and assimilate must be accepted too . 
  and you ca n't hurt other europeans to advance the interests of hungary . 
  could you imagine if germany went all out and did this ? 
  i mean they do a little , we all do and doing it a little bit is okay but doing it too much is terrible . 
  especially if a big country does it ( this is what russia does , btw ) ...  kind of a lifestyle-libertine , post-nationalist , ethnically mixed , economically neoliberal but tempered with social democracy , non-protectionist , firstly , i think you 're incorrectly using `` libertine '' that word comes from the days when aristocrats would be able to kidnap village youths and do terrible sexual things to them and have perverse orgies while commoners could not . 
  this is illegal in our society . 
  safe sexual interaction between consenting adults is not libertine or perverse . 
  ...  super peaceful utopia that may or may not turn out to be fragile and decadent . 
  i have a problem with the last three words . 
  remember that `` decadent '' western and westernized societies are the most powerful societies to exist in human history . 
  the usa , britain , france , germany and westernized japan . 
  the `` mighty '' soviet union could not withstand our power . 
  china had to modify their communism and enact neoliberal economics to compete . 
  then look at poland , they are rapidly westernizing and they will soon join the ranks of the uk , france and germany . 
  so , calling neoliberal western societies `` fragile '' is an illusion . 
  ...  we do n't have a serious choice - the major outline of the future is set by the literati and democracy has nothing to do with it because anyone against the vision of the literati will be branded as some dangerous right wing extremist . 
  you have to remember that many western societies are very wary of the far right because of past cultural experience . 
  the far right may be okay at first , but once they get into real power they go mad . 
  power does something to far right groups , it makes them go ` nuclear ' . 
  it makes people willing to turn in their own mothers to rapists because they think it 's their patriotic duty ( this happened in argentina ) . 
  ...  like how to force the roma to be productive this is a problem for most of europe . 
  i really do n't know the solution , but we can not sell our souls to solve it . 
  ...  how to protect our industries by tariffs a while back i went to the us for a summer to take some business classes . 
  one thing my instructor said about protectionist tariff was that they are only for the weak and lazy . 
  he said tariffs are like letting an obese person use a motor scooter in a marathon . 
  meaning that while the other marathoners are working their hardest and becoming more fit and stronger ; the fatty on the scooter is getting weaker and fatter . 
  the industries in the free market are competing against other products freely and have to constantly improve and adapt ; the industries protected by tariffs do n't need to innovate or improve , they can stick with the old product . 
  ukraine had this problem with steel . 
  ukraine put every restriction on foreign steel imports to protect its steel industry . 
  by contrast . 
  poland has been competing with german and french steel for 20 years . 
  at first the polish steel industry took a huge hit , but it recovered . 
  and now , after just 20 years , polish steel is higher quality than ukrainian steel and ukrainian steel is ** four times ** as expensive because their steel making technique is so inefficient and outdated . 
  this affects all of ukrainian society , since they have to pay more for such an important product ; even though they are poorer . 
  ...  we have to go through all kinds of tricks and hoops because the eu does not even allow the basic minimum of patriotism of not allowing foreigners to buy up our land so you 're worried about a british pensioner ( who will pump thousands of dollars every year into the hungarian economy and will pay well over a million dollars in taxes before she dies ) buying an apartment in budapest ?? 
  or are you worried about a french company buying a bunch of land because they want to build a car factory there , thus employing thousands of hungarians ? 
  see this is the problem with having countries that are based on ethnicity . 
  every gets super touchy . 
  also i get the sense that you guys in general may not trust western european politicians ? 
  or just any politician from other countries ? 
  because i trust german politicians , italian ones , spanish ones ... 
  even english ones !, 
  at least i trust them as much as i trust french politicians ( sometimes more so ) i definitely trust a german spd mep over a front national mep . 
  spd certainly represents me more than fn . 
  hell , the uk conservatives represent me more than fn !, 
  you need to start thinking continentally . 
  we are not voting for slovakia or france ( unless you are far right ) we are voting for europe . 
  so , 2 seats here , three seats there , 5 seats way over there etc eventually adds up to something significant . 
  what if the pirate party was the one who gained an extra seat ? 
  then all of a sudden there are 2 pirate meps !, 
  you do know that 's not how it works , right ? 
  that 's really only the way the far right parties operate . 
  do you really think meps from die linke would join forces with meps from npd ? 
  and anyway if things got that bizarre , would n't the visegr\u00e1d four vote together ? 
  v4 has 106 meps . 
  well i 'm a bit peeved so my comment has some edge to it . 
  but i intended it to be simply informative , i subconsciously patronized . 
  because honestly , get off your lazy ass and vote . 
  politicians behave differently in countries that have high turnout rates than they do in countries with low turnout rates . 
  and how politicians behave impacts policy and policy impacts us all .
