  russia has been putting out a lot of shit about fracking thats not true because if europe starts fracking , russia is screwed . 
  ... . i became very depressed as i wrote that second sentence . 
  i am so sick and tired of russian bullshit . 
  honestly , hearing about it saps all emotion out of me , i used to either angry or frustrated or sad but now news about kremlin shenanigans just turns me into a mindless drone . 
  blah, 
   perhaps france can also reconsider to whom it sells weapons i agree . 
  nuclear warhead with icbm to kyiv . 
  right now . 
  i do n't think thats overly important right now , i think the thousands of russian soldiers stationed in transnistria who are within striking distance of chisinau is a more pressing concern for moldovans . 
  well maybe if germany started fracking and rebooted its nuclear power plants it would be able to act decisively against russia because it will no longer be a slave to gazprom ... idk , just a thought . . 
  yea . 
  french media has been ripping fran\u00e7ois hollande to shreds pretty much since the moment he took office . 
  you do not see russian media ripping putin to shreds . 
  ever . 
  because they should give something but i know they are too neutral for this . 
  ... idk have the pigcs been invaded by the russians ? 
  when did they try to pass this anti-gay law ? 
  because if it was under the yanukovych regime it was n't representing the views of the people but rather the wishes of putin ( yanukovych was little more than a puppet of putin 's ), 
   i work to pay for food , shelter , and my and my younger brother 's education see , i know it sounds insensitive but this would be impossible for a queer woman to do in 95 % of the world . 
  absolutely impossible . 
   we have a much higher percentage of millionaires and billionaires okay tax them and give the aid to ukraine . 
   would n't think twice about beating and/or raping me for being a queer woman ukrainiens are not like this , i think you might be mistaking them with russians . 
  there is still a lot of religiosity there , but they are not like radical muslims . 
  they are more like mexicans or italiens i.e. 
  they will generally not approve of homosexuality but hey would also not let you know they disapprove . 
   most americans are barely getting by as it is you mean most american 's ca n't afford to replace their ipad mini 's with ipad mini 's wi/retina display ? 
  oh terrible ... really , i do n't mean to be a bitch , but americans who say things like that only say that because they are sheltered in their little north america bubble . 
  are you buy chance a young person ? 
  if so , welcome to the club young people everywhere are poor . 
  but we must keep plugging on because we 'll get it eventually . 
  i bet 1,000 eur that he secretly wishes he could make himself tsar . 
  full-fledged , holy orthodox tsar vladimir v. putinov ; the first in the putinov dynasty . 
  hmm why not just have scotland be independent in every way except concerning international and european affairs ? 
  please ? 
  being french , i actually do like that the united kingdom is such an influential world player . 
  it makes all of europe safer . 
  the uk has a big strong military and a lot of global soft power influence too . 
  the union jack is a powerful symbol throughout the world . 
  also , even though i love the germans , i would really appreciate a united united kingdom around to help further balance out the power in europe . 
  but i do totally think that the scots should have a high degree of power and independence to prevent the whole `` london sucking the life away '' thing from happening . 
  would n't it be healthy if non-london england gained a high degree of independence from london ? 
  and wales too ? 
  and n. ireland ? 
  then you have london becoming a sort of administrative territory to itself ? 
  because really , if scotland becomes totally independent then liverpool , cardiff , birmigham , manchester etc will be absolutely sucked into london . 
  the uk sans \u00c9cosse will unavoidably become `` the city of london '', 
  yea , i absolutely agree . 
  we should money at them * with strings attached *, 
  i think we should put together some sort of marshall plan for ukraine . 
  seriously just a shit ton of financial aid to the point that ukraine just becomes awesome ... 
  i know it wo n't happen , but i 'd support it . 
  ( by ` we ' i mean those of us who could afford it : france , uk , germany , switzerland , scandinavians , usa , and canada ... . . australia , nz , japan ?? ), 
  edit : yes , with stipulations that concrete anti-corruption reforms and the like be implemented . 
  of course . 
  maybe even have some worthy ngo-monitors to make sure that every cent is spent responsibly . 
  i 'm sure the average ukrainian would actually appreciate western monitors . 
  the only purpose is not to garner karma , it is because the op 's care about the issue . 
  have you also noticed that all of these images are about the ukraine crisis ? 
  this is because young ukrainians are taking to the internet and creating these images to combat and correct russian propaganda . 
  it is their way of fighting back against a much more powerful , well funded propaganda machine . 
  i frown on criticism of such posts , especially when op is eastern european . 
  the crisis is giving us a unique glimpse into the conflict that is n't portrayed on big time media outlets . . 
  this image is a good example of that , the nytimes or le monde are not going to spend their time writing an article about every single example of ru propaganda fuck-ups . 
  i think these images are healthy . 
  how is that cute , sweden has a pretty sleek military, 
  correct , it is authoritarian . 
  however , it is make little steps towards totalitarianism . 
  i do n't think russia will get there , because putin will be too old given the very slow pace of regression to totalitarianism . 
  if another guy like putin comes in next , then we 'll have problems . 
  could be . 
  or this lady really is an american at heart and could n't handle this shit . 
   being a member of the opus dei hahahahahaha opus dei . 
  oh god i 'm so happy that my country is so secular  paco de luc\u00eda died a terrible loss for humanity . 
  this made me pretty sad . 
  that would be a punch in the gut for russia though . 
  cuba was poor when the whole crazy embargo started , russia is approaching middle income . 
  that status will certainly drop and when well off people suddenly get poor they get real angry . 
  also the oligarchs will be fucked too , and they hold a lot of political power . 
  idk maybe it has something to do with being a us company . 
  in the usa people dont really leave the country a lot because of big size and big population . 
  shutterstock may not have the most up to date policy for this sort of thing . 
  ... and this might be another reason for ttip - shit like this would get sorted out between usa and eu, 
  louisiana state is insufficient ; i demand the return of the whole louisiana purchase and the immediate introduction of french as the sole official language for this new glorious francophonia !, 
  also return of qu\u00e9bec so the empire can stretch from the arctic to the caribbean . 
  statements from a decade may not still be true . 
  it is very very common for neo-nazis to recover and reform when they receive the proper education . 
  again , it is very very very common for neo-nazis to reform . 
  glad to see this source on here, 
  eu economy is recovering . 
  and i was talking about some distant future where there 's a crazy apocalypse scenario that breaks down the transatlantic relationship . 
  fucking british humour can be so snarky and cutting sometimes, 
  damnit , qu\u00e9bec why ca n't you be independent and become a global superpower with a population of 300 million and an annual gdp of more than $ 14 trillion ?? 
  i want to have a former colonial slave whose massive defense apparatus we can leech from :(, 
  shit , france does n't not need them in anyway . 
  front national terrifies me . 
  i think they gave those key posts to the crazy ideologues because they would never give into russian manipulation ( like tymoshenko ) or betray ukraine in a time of war ( like the navy chief in crimea ) in times like this , you kind of need radicals . 
  not saying i agree , but the majority of people are not nationalists and so a comparison to nazi germany is not overly fair . 
  furthermore , the leader of the ministry of defense has met with the israeli ambassador to ukraine , shook his hand and assured him he would protect ukraine 's jews . 
  neo-nazis would never shake hands with a jew or promise to protect jews . 
  it will motivate them to ignite a sorely needed euromaidan/moscowmaidan in russia .
