  yes , that actually is all he got . 
  that 's all they 've ever had . 
  no , attacking assads forces it syria is what the west needs to do about the crisis in ukraine . 
  russia has a naval base there too , and has generously keep assad afloat . 
  strike syria and russia will have to turn its attention there , and idk what would happen but russia does n't have the resources to play a role in both fronts . 
  eu will be prying ukraine away from russia 's claws and the us and france ( maybe uk too ) will end the slaughter in syria ( as well as russia 's influence ) . 
  idk , i bet it happens something like that . 
  russia is weak . 
  he ca n't really play with the * great game of geopolitical chess * with the big boys ; he can only run over to the chessboard , grab one of the lesser pieces , throw it across the room and then run away as fast as he can . 
   ukraine is only one of them yea i agree . 
  and the others will be worse . 
  i feel certain that belarus will end in massive bloodshed . 
  i think it reverted back to tsarist rossiya in all it 's imperialist glory . 
  seriously , putin is the perfect tsar - he loves grand displays of wealth , pays homage to the holy orthodox church . 
  additionally he treats his cronies in the same way the tsar treated his boyars ; he gives them a region ( or economic sector ) that they can plunder . 
  each of his boyars can keep some of what they plunder ( ex : tax money , oil revenue , diamond revenue , mafia shit revenue ) provided they give a portion to the tsar and a portion to the state ( so they can keep the serfs complacent with fancy projects ) . 
  i think yanukovych was one of putins greatest boyars - he was given the grand fiefdom of ukraine to rule and plunder . 
  i bet it was because of the empire as well as the channel . 
  it did span canada , aus/nz india and all those other little places . 
  probably had a larger pop and land area than the rest of europe combined . 
  with that krai , they made a treaty with the qing but as soon as they qing weakened , those fuckers flew right in . 
  i refer not to russians but to the russian elite , i would never use such vitriolic language against the average russkie . 
  what the fuck planet do you live on , the catalonian independence saga has been an almost weekly feature on most major international news station for the past decade . 
  seriously what the hell kind of statement is that ... 
  it was and still is , huge news . 
  or they could implement needed reforms to make their economy vibrant and competitive . 
  but of course , that would mean the czar and his boyars would have to give up their power, 
  i feel like crying , this is europe in 2014 we are supposed to be civilized people . 
  we are supposed to be over this sort of thing . 
  i also some how feel vulnerable , even though i 'm at the other end of the continent, 
  russia descends back into totalitarianism ... 
  good , the country has massive financial problems right now . 
  a finance expert is absolutely vital, 
  * and that none of their weapons will ever be used against ukraine except in self-defense or otherwise in accordance with the charter of the united nations . 
  * so russia has broken this law ? 
  they 've employed armed soldiers to take control of some ukrainian airports ? 
  what is the penalty for breaking this treaty ? 
  it 's pisses of nationalist russians when you call them mongolian . 
  drives them nuts . 
  why are you talking about yulia ? 
  is she no longer an important player ? 
  is chump change compared to what the boys from the east did . 
  so , have you seen the magnificent palaces yanukovych had ? 
  or how about the $ 70 billion he sucked from ukraine in the past 3 years ? 
  hear about that ? 
  yea the jury is out , yanukovych is a bad guy and is ousting was good for ukraine , all of ukraine . 
  are n't russians actually 50 % mongolian and 50 % slavic ? 
  this is what i heard . 
  my secret theory is that putin does n't allow the best and the brightest minds to rise to the highest levels of policy making because he is afraid that they could somehow plot to take him out . 
  needs to be able to control all the big actors in the russian gov, 
  mexico is too wealthy for the armed uprising to happen . 
  their democracy is actually pretty strong . 
  cubans want closer relations with the us . 
  this is why they did not accept snowden . 
  this is also why they are so eager to improve relations with europe . 
  economic warfare and propaganda onslaught are lethal to budding democracies ... absolutely lethal if not checked . 
  i doubt that , i doubt that a lot . 
  we are n't a military threat to them because of our alliance ... weakening our alliance will turn us into a potential military threat in the eyes of the hypersensitive , paranoid american psyche, 
  we are in a political , economic and partial military union with a country that spies on us just as aggressively as the us ... like signing ttip will change the level of spying at all !, 
  it wo n't !, 
  you know what will increase the level of spying ?? 
  not signing ttip because it will weaken the transatlantic relationship , isolate the united states and will make the americans paranoid with the eu . 
  okay , you 're entire first section confirmed that you are not mr. cave and that you are well aware of america 's cultural influence . 
   be it nazi , soviet , or american . 
  this is the absurdity i am talking about , comparing america to the soviets and nazi 's ... also , you know that the american imperialism was about evangelical christian zealotry , right ? 
  some crap about israel , the messiah and ushering in the age of the lord by the sword . 
  that weird as fuck belief went mainstream for a while , it was what got george bush elected president . 
  bush was a radical evangelical himself , his top advisors were bat-shit crazy preachers . 
  but somehow the american left fought that shit back and got the country to elect obama , twice , even though he publically supports gay marriage and abortion . 
  idk , america is weird and its culture changes at ridiculous rates compared to europe ... 
  everything i agree with . 
  4 i think they know is never going to happen though . 
  and 2 is mostly for show , to enhance 1 and 6 . 
  indebtedness in big , industrialized economies in not something to be alarmed about until it reaches a certain point , and the us is actually quite far from that point . 
  and since they are winding down their wars , cutting their military spending and their massive economy is growing at more than 2.5 % ( 2.5 % of 14 trillion is a lot ) we can expect that they will start to eat away at their debt pretty quickly . 
  additionally , the us and other big industrialized countries frequently go through cycles of huge indebtedness and huge surplus . 
  as for you second point , i really do n't know how i can respond . 
  do you live in a cave ? 
  and also remember , mr. cave , that in france we are actively shielded from anglo-saxon culture . 
  this is not the case to north and east . 
  people there watch us television very often . 
  i think breaking bad was the biggest show in germany last autumn . 
  and , honestly , as a french person , both in citizenship and ethnicity , i do n't think its appropriate to criticize the usa for its atrocities considering we have committed far worse ... 
  no , its just that you said that you do n't talk about that and so that made me think that talking about swarthiness is taboo which would mean they was once a problem with racism against the swarthy ? 
  idk if racism is the right word, 
  99 % sure this is the eu 's report because they do n't want to be held accountable for not intervening . 
  which we should be , because russia should not be allowed to deny an independent sovereign state from joining an international organization such as nato . 
  the russian 's have done this and we are to blame . 
  why are people racist against swarthy people in sweden ? 
  that guys an idiot . 
  the us is not in economic decline whatsoever , their economic growth outstrips our own . 
  also the us has immense cultural influence , how the hell do you think that the us has no cultural influence ? 
  and fucking good about the us having an army 5 times bigger than china , the mainstream us shares 85-90 % of its values with the mainstream of europe . 
  china 's ruling class shares maybe 25 % of its values with mainstream europe ( i.e killing is bad , rape is bad ) edit : apparently men are allowed to rape their wives if they refuse sex . 
  so i guess they do n't even agree with us on rape . 
  2nd prince is pretty swarthy for a swede, 
  eyecandy . 
  they are all beautiful eye candy . 
  you realize the us just announced sweeping reductions in the size of their military in tuesday ? 
  you do realize that means they 're slashing off a big chunk of the military-industrial complex , right ?
