  it 's really shocking how brazen those people are . 
  i believe it was a shortcut used by a journalist writing the article . 
  someone 's published and infamous - there , a historian . 
  i 'm more or less familiar with his biography - as far as i know he was a dropout , i.e. 
  no diploma . 
  even if , it does n't matter much . 
  he is what he is . 
  he 's got fanbois , apparently . 
  honestly , it 's beyond me why would anyone even take him seriously . 
  never mind . 
  why do they call him a historian in the article ? 
  as far as i know this pos has n't even got a degree . 
  jesus christ on a stick ... his font choice ( papyrus ) is a clear indication of serious mental issues . 
  off topic question : the young man who egged our president last sunday belongs - allegedly - to an organization called slavic guard . 
  who are they ? 
  also , did he explain why he did what he did ? 
   [ ... ] this law has since then yet too pass a second parliamentary reading yet [ ... ] and is yet to be signed by ukrainian president viktor yanukovych in order to become a law . 
  still , very worrying . 
  if it passes it 'll be a clear sign they are not serious about joining eu . 
   it 's illegal to talk about or `` encourage '' homosexuality you are confusing ukraine with russia . 
  i believe you are lucky in finland . 
  i listened to an interview with a polish mp - [ a member of the ruling party , originally from nigeria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_godson ) - last week in which he denied evolution , as well as proclaimed belief in rising accident victims from the dead by the power of jc , even after embalming ( seriously , it was one of the examples he gave ) . 
  pure comedy gold , yet at the same time quite sad . 
  i mostly shop at carrefour/lidl/piotr & pawe\u0142 . 
  occasionally at a local deli , and i 'm absolutely sure the meat does n't come from small farmers . 
  i know how * proper * chicken is supposed to look like , what i buy is definitely factory-farmed ( unless i want to pay through the nose ) . 
  i do n't eat pork but what is sold locally comes from one of a number of industrial-scale farms ( located approx . 
  30-40km away ) . 
  i 'm glad you have access to healthy food , unfortunately practically everyone else buys meat in shops ( not directly from small , mom-and-pop farms ) - which means it 's factory farmed . 
  the only available option is free-range/organic meat at up to 10x price . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  google `` polish meat scandal '' for your daily dose of rotten or antibiotic-contaminated meat . 
  food is safer where you live . 
  good for you , brits . 
  i wo n't even talk about yours . 
  eot . 
  i just love it when your ilk talk about efficiency in meat production . 
  btw , what argument ? 
  absolutely . 
  i somehow feel they are starting at the wrong end . 
  it simply made me furious how self-righteous some of my compatriots felt because their representatives voted down ritual slaughter and it somehow escalated since then . 
  edit : also , i 'm going out for a beer or four . 
  `` well they might have miserable lives , at least they are stunned by a captive-bolt . 
  let 's eat . '', 
  and an ethical death ( whatever it means ) does n't make up for factory farming . 
  it 's sickening . 
  death ` happens ' anyway . 
  if you want to eat meat , at least give your animals a decent life instead of misery . 
  if possible , slaughter your so-called meat yourself . 
  i 'm afraid no real progress will happen in the conceivable future - you 'd get a completely different voting result ( all internal politics aside ) if the voted bill concerned actual well-being of animals . 
  look , i 've heard stories ( from technicians involved in gas detection systems ) of gassed pigs simply waking up during slaughter and running away with their guts half-way out . 
  you do n't really want to know what goes into polish sausage . 
  do n't you find focusing on the act of killing a bit hypocritical when considering the life of suffering farm animals face ? 
  animal welfare is virtually non-existent in poland and banning this particular method of slaughter - while completely right from the moral viewpoint - simply is n't enough . 
  and it 'll stop at that . 
  personally i 'd allow it if done at small scale for the needs of local jewish and muslim communities by professionals with veterinarian supervision . 
  animals slaughtered in this way would have to be properly looked after throughout their lifetime , i.e. 
  ** no factory farming , no dark rooms or cages ** . 
  i know , the price of meat would be prohibitive , as it should be . 
  how do you feel about an animal being slaughtered in front of other animals ? 
  i 've heard it 's a common practice in some abattoirs while it 's forbidden by one of the rules of shechitah . 
  your defense of pis electorate as well as complaining about `` leftwing media '' strongly suggests typical rhetoric i expect from pis voters , hence the jab at populist fuzziness of their ideology . 
  also , the fact your lawyer friends vote for pis does n't really mean anything - lawyers are neither a large voting bloc , nor should they be held in high regard ( a lot of them are obnoxious human beings despite their education ) . 
  by the way , i completely agree with your statement on the language used by our politicians . 
  it 's sickening at times . 
   ( ... ) leftwing media ( ... ) pis is n't even right wing . 
  they might be nationalistic , conservative and \u00fcber-religious but their economic policy is so pro-social it 's almost sldesque . 
  not in the comics - i believe they were added to the ` joke life preserve ' a month ago . 
  what is it with poland and all those massive , plain ugly monuments ? 
  i shudder to think what they 'll come up with once he 's made a saint . 
  he 'd never manage to fill up the national stadium . 
  ugandan faith healing is da shiznit . 
   nothing really interesting happens the festival season has started . 
  i heard [ bashobora ] ( http://jezusnastadionie.pl/ ) [ gave a brilliant performance ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opil3twgax0 ) . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  thank you for clarifying the matter . 
  vote responsibly ? 
  that little-known party you mentioned are an l&j offshoot . 
  my mep ( geringer de oedenberg ) has n't let me down yet . 
  as far as i know nsa is n't a branch of us military . 
  an informed american should probably answer this question ( sorry , you have no flair and i assume you are european ) . 
  can a civilian be even tried before a military tribunal in peacetime ? 
  i sincerely doubt it . 
  all he needed was a plausible reason to travel ( frequent a south american dating website , etc. ) . 
  or just travel further , make stop-overs , etc. 
  would it help much with obama 's track record on whistleblowers ? 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't buy his explanation . 
  he was too small a fish to have been even noticed . 
  do you realise `` polak '' might be considered a non-standard spelling of the derogatory term `` polack '' ? 
  his general plan seems quite foolish to me , i.e. 
  why go to russia via hong kong instead of going directly to , let 's say , bolivarian republic of venezuela before the whole ` disclosure ' ? 
  [ operation victor ? 
  ] ( http://www.humaniteinenglish.com/article937.html ), 
  [ old news is old news ] ( http://www.wired.com/dangerroom/2012/11/russia-surveillance/all/ ) . 
  there was a thread about it somewhere ... 
  i think someone above mentioned the fact that treason , according to us constitution , is defined as actively aiding the enemy and what snowden did was a violation of espionage act ( same as manning ) . 
  it 's almost funny how misguided this community is on some issues , is n't it ? 
  also , i 'm not sure how to categorize his crimes . 
  he certainly broke the law and breached his oath of confidentiality . 
  treason is such a big word .
