  you do n't invite a policemen to a crime . 
  i thought the gays had their own pm . 
  everybody knows that the portuguese look like moors , silly . 
  me too . 
  the aviator shades did it for me . 
  gypsy stuff . 
  why is n't the headline brexit drives uk manufacturing export to new heights ? 
  or does this just work one way ? 
  remember population exchange is just a right wing conspiracy eventhough we have schools in vienna where 90 % of the pupils do n't have german as their mother tongue . 
   i live somewhere where youre a complete social outcast if you dont speak with a swabian accent haha prenzlauer berg ? 
  we are filthy pigs , tbh . 
  you also do n't get mauled by polar bears in switzerland , so that is a big plus . 
  also using austrian assault rifles . 
  neutrality makes for the best killing equipment . 
  i am somewhat certain that you 'd no longer get the necessary majority to extend the regime atm . 
   the quotas system will never end . 
  actually it will . 
  nobody who got registered after 26 september 2017 will be covered by the council decision . 
  see art 13 http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex%3a32015d1601, 
  initially , yes , but this did n't last long : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya, 
  losing it even more so . 
  you do n't seem to unterstand what i mean . 
  in cases of civil war ( in other words the legitimate government is no longer in control ) , you can not just bomb the shit out of one fighting party to favour the other . 
  you are free to protect civilians when necessary , but that 's about it . 
  this is not what happened in libya though . 
  the no-fly zone was heavily abused to bomb the ( at that time still legitimate ) government of gaddafi out of office . 
  well , the parents of the ( often former ) turks also used to be like this . 
  problems started with the second and third generation . 
  did oil and gas prices go up again ? 
  well thank god that there is no international principle to not intervene for one side in a case of civil war ... oh wait ... 
  france , uk and italy are just equally to blame in this case . 
  security through obscurity . 
  the good old `` did somebody say something '' principle . 
   this is what orban does n't understand that 's why orban build two fences to prevent people from entering hungary in the first place . 
  no sanctions because he uses refugees as geopolitical weapon against us . 
  ending the accession procedure does n't automatically end the refugee deal as well . 
  he wo n't send the refugees if we threaten to do what i said above . 
  it would be economical suicide for turkey . 
  is the oath legally required though ? 
  the austrian president also says an oath in front of the national assembly , but this does n't make him president as such . 
  the official results of the federal ministry of the interior make him president . 
  then we sanction their asses into oblivion . 
  erdogan can not win against europe if europe got the balls to play the cards it has ( we do n't ) . 
   federica mogherini says it is important to keep a dialogue open yes , because it worked wonders in the past . 
  cut the losses and be done with it already . 
  i think it is peak civilisation . 
  should have been shot instead . 
  your statistic is based on cases that were actually reported . 
  unreported acts ( especially against men ) are not covered . 
  it even goes further and only lists cases where a preliminary injunction was handed out . 
  the likelyhood of a man to file an injunction against a woman is very , very low . 
  i also refuse to believe that spanish man are some sort of wife beating maniacs . 
  there is absolutely no reason to believe that , which is also why the australian study does contain relevance for the discussion . 
  violent and forceful domination was also perfectly acceptable in australia 50 years ago . 
  1 ) post a source anyone understands . 
  2 ) because men do n't report the violence against them . 
  that 's why the australians asked the kids if mummy or daddy ever hit the other person and look at that : the percentage is basically exactly the same . 
  saying demostic violence is mainly caused by men is nothing but liberal bullshit to fit their narrative of women being eternal victims . 
  men are stronger , yes , that 's why men kill women more often than the other way round . 
  99 % ( or probably even higher ) of all acts of domestic violence are not leathal though . 
   it 's more common bs . 
  yes , must have been one heck of a driver to make it to the parliamentary commission for education . 
  susan now has 10 apples . 
  she ate one apple every hour . 
  write down below how many apples jihad 5 hours ago . 
  kinda like we are fighting terrorism these days in europe . 
  senate told caesar that he could n't cross the rubicon with his army and the absolute madman crossed it anyway . 
  so was the first chinese emperor , qin shi huang , but only because he became mad from eating all the mercury . 
  well of course since berlin is hoarding all the water . 
  breaking into the computer system of another person is also punishable under austrian law . 
  just because he reported the bug later on does n't mean it was n't illegal in the first place . 
  no idea how you jump to the freedom of the press from this discussion , but okay . 
  nobody is saying they are n't free to do so ( at least those not working for the public broadcasters ; those should n't be allowed to push their personal agenda as they are doing it on the dime of the taxpayer ) , but that it was a heavily one-sided coverage and everybody swimming against the mainstream refugees are the best thing since sliced bread was basically the reincarnation of hitler and publically crucified in talkshows . 
  just look at the picture of these poor children . 
  by giving all the facts , yes , not just the ones which fit their narrative and that is the essence of this study . 
  what about the garbage problem ? 
  still an issue ? 
  assisted thinking . 
  and italy was helping gladly . 
  you dug your grave , now go lie in it . 
  well , german journalists ( many of them at least , especially in the public broadcasters ) to this day have n't understood their job properly . 
  they think it is to educate people and not just inform . 
  that is interesting . 
  you hardly ever see such differences between austria and germany . 
  that 's because we need the calories to get up and down the mountains . 
  we would n't know by a picture whether he used the indicator , or not , unless the shutter is opened long enough . 
  just ca n't help it . 
  where does it say that ? 
  like the russian neo-nazis . 
  makes perfect sense when you do n't think about it . 
  they are investigating the german government ? 
  it could yes , but then again the job to defend the external borders of the state is being enforced by every federal government . 
  there is no federal government in the eu that would have the competences to protect the external borders , hence the mess . 
  that 's no kuk magistrale though . 
  the magistrale f\u00fcr europa is far from being completed by 2020 , btw . 
  munich - v\u00f6cklabruck and everything eastwards of vienna wo n't be hsr any day soon . 
  well it 's great that there is broad political support for hsr . 
  praha - brno is a great start to my dream . 
   we are about to start building high-speed railways all around the republic in upcomming years i thought those plans were put back in the drawer for the upcoming future . 
   it 's bullshit they are n't allowed to defend their own borders .
