assad was never forced from power . 
  hadi resigned , fled the country , was ousted by his own party , lost the parliament , formally gave executive power to the other fighting parties . 
  this guy completely lost control over the country and such person can never invite foreign forces . 
  no , they can not as the yemeni government was no longer in control of the country , when they `` invited '' saudi arabia . 
  thus they can not invite a foreign force and saudi arabia is required by international law not to intervene in the internal conflict . 
  assad on the other hand controlled the most populated areas ( including the capital with the parliament ) at any given time of the conflict . 
  when did the eu impose sanctions on your shipbuilding industry ? 
  and where does he state , that he intends to leave nato ? 
  no where . 
  he merely states that he is not automatically prepared to fight for countries , who by themselves violate their obligations to the alliance and that is only fair . 
  there are way too many freeriders in nato . 
  russia is behind the legitimate government of syria in a `` civil '' war with a shitload of foreign fighters funded und equipped by many western countries , which is a stonewall violation of international law . 
  assad is not waging war on another country , saudi arabia is . 
  assad and russia is the only thing that stands between an islamic dictatorship and the following . 
  if you are still believing in the public uprising bs , i pitty your naivety . 
  and we have sanctions on iran in place , btw . 
   he wanted to leave europe and nato and that was russian land ? 
  source . 
  technically true , but then again they impose sanctions on countries with a less horrible track record than bararia arabia . 
  trump tried to get a grip on russia , but failed . 
  hillary on the other hand sold 20 % of the us uranium deposit and the russian company buying it for some reason decided to make a huge donation to the dnc afterwards . 
  yeah , trump is the one with the illicit ties to russia . 
  lithuania would n't be blocking anything for russia . 
  you 'd be dealt with in hours . 
  losing crimea on the other hand would be a huge blow . 
  the ib is n't even a thing . 
  they have a couple of hundred members all over europe . 
  well , nobody invited you back then . 
   what value was crimea or eastern ukraine or syria ? 
  crimea is russia 's most important warm water harbor and their access to the black sea . 
  eastern ukraine was important to prevent any further integration into the eu and nato block . 
  as long as there are these internal struggles going on , ukraine will never join any of them . 
  syria is the only foothold russia has in the middle east and the med . 
  nothing of this applies to lithuania . 
  you do n't have any strategic value to russia . 
  of course it is entirely separated . 
  austria would never have joined if this was n't the case . 
   that likely mean we need to be able to plan for a case where the russians decide to pay us a military visit and trump suddenly withdraw all soldiers & run back to the us . 
  are you serious ? 
  you really think the us would choose russia over the likes of germany and france because putin and trump somewhat said they respect each other ? 
  get your tinfoil hat off already . 
  you can not compare the total votes to how the outcame would have been without an electoral college . 
  voters in deep red or blue states are often not going to vote as it does n't matter much . 
  why would a rep go vote for a president in new york ? 
  or a dem in texas ? 
  a pointless exercise . 
  it would n't be a pointless exercise in a single nationwide vote count though , therefore the outcome would be completely different as well . 
  the only person with concret ties to russia was hillary . 
  the level of hypocrisy in the eu can not be measured on any scale . 
  thanks , i just read the 22nd amendment . 
  technically a person could be president for 9 years and 364 days . 
  you have olaf in place . 
  just punish countries who refuse to cooperate with them . 
  you can always punish those countries . 
  give them less money from the cohesion fund in the next financial period ( eg subtract the amound misused before ) or start treaty violation procedures . 
  the eu already has instruments to fight the misuse of its funds . 
  the majority is n't even prepared to fight for their own country . 
  ca n't trust them . 
  you do know that there are already public prosecutors all over the eu , who already can prosecute fund abuses ? 
  just form an adhoc high command with all the 28 ( not 27 ) military leaders and agree beforehand who does what . 
  no need for an additional eu institution that does jackshit all day long . 
  there was no such plan or alliance before ww2 and as long as nato exists there is no point in having both institutions anyway . 
  if you feel like joining a defensive alliance to protect other eu countries , just join nato . 
  all the institutions are already there . 
  or the congress declares war , iirc . 
  why would you want to coordinate joint missions of a defensive alliance ( as claimed in this thread ) ? 
  something does n't add up here . 
  in case of an attack on an eu country , adhoc commands are more than enough . 
  heck , ww2 was fought this way . 
  you just have to agree upon procedure beforehand . 
  who cares what you want ? 
  the broad public does n't that is what matters . 
  no , you just ask for national forces to be handed over to a common eu command . 
  how is that not giving up something ? 
  how is once sovereignty not an argument here ? 
  common military policy means handing over sovereignty to the eu . 
  we all know what happens once the eu has competences : you 'll have to leave the eu all together , if you want those back and quite frankly the eu has been completely disregarding the principle of subsidiarity ever since it was founded this would also happen with an eu army . 
  at some point we would find ourselves in situations where we wished to have never handed over any competences to the eu . 
  yeah , thanks but no . 
  foreign policy means are way too different within the eu to come to a common core here . 
  certainly not with france . 
  not really , we just do n't want to be part of a military alliance that is going to dominated by germany and france , who have a completely different foreign policy approach compared to us ; especially france . 
  we saw the result of their brilliant foreign policy last summer . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  that 's what we do , mate !, 
  again , who is it in americas interest to hold us back in this regard ? 
  it is n't . 
  same in austria . 
  there is no such thing as a european diaspora . 
  is that 3/5th of a pig ? 
  what the hell is going on in these trains ? 
  what 's keeping them from doing it now ? 
  pretty sure the americans are n't holding us back to guard our borders ( and i mean guard not the current eu ferry service to italy ) . 
  and that should result in a direct abatement of their status as refugees without any ordinary legal remedies . 
  throw the papers away , say you lost them on your boatride from canada to denmark . 
  buying 2300 armatas would n't make much sense anyway . 
  you do n't need that many tanks anymore . 
  most were built when the ussr was still around , as far as i know . 
  it 's the eve of an election year . 
  of course he would say that .
