  i am not the one posting on another continential sub telling people to mind their own business . 
  which makes the claim even more ridiculous . 
  btw : he was dealing with public officials his entire life . 
  that 's how you get building permits . 
   that 's not transsexuality , you 're thinking of gender identity disorder which is a mental disorder a transgender might have . 
  all transgender have this disorder , that 's why they are considered transgender in the first place . 
  transgender by definition is a mismatch of gender identity and their biological sex . 
  it 's a disorder of assumption just as anorexia . 
  you are making a distinction without a difference . 
   so the opposite is also true . 
  whites have higher suicide rates than black people , so is ` being white ' now an illness ? 
  of course not as you do n't have such things a race identity disorder ( some left wing lunatics want to claim this - rachel dolezal - but there is no such thing ) . 
   the same goes for transgenders : a lot do not commit suicide and can be as happy as any other person . 
  well yes , but it does n't change the fact that according to the national transgender discrimination survey 42 - 46 % of transgender attempted suicide , whilst the figure for the rest of the population is 4.6 % in the usa . ^ [ 1 ] ( http://williamsinstitute.law.ucla.edu/wp-content/uploads/afsp-williams-suicide-report-final.pdf ) this figure is n't just some random coincidence but the result of people having serious mental issues , that are not being treated properly . 
  but do n't take my word for everything i said . 
  just read this insightful piece of dr. paul mchugh , former psychiatrist in chief at johns hopkins hospital : http://www.wsj.com/articles/paul-mchugh-transgender-surgery-isnt-the-solution-1402615120, 
  you are just talking out of your arse . 
  and of course he is n't handing his multi billion empire to some blind trust he has no controll over . 
  i would n't either . 
  which leaders are those , btw ? 
  cheaper than having the whole legislative body of the region working on it , yes . 
  teachers have always been lefties . 
  at least 90 % of mine were and this did n't change just because the fp\u00d6 came to power . 
  teachers are the product of universities of which ( especially in social studies ) the vast majority is very far to the left . 
  and they use it for consumption instead of investment . 
  well , if that is n't enough for isis to reconsider , i do n't know what is . 
  women and their naivety ... 
  that is because he meant to say right wing policies instead of fascism . 
  he just uses the words synonymously . 
  pay him a proper therapy instead . 
  would be much cheaper . 
   whatever benefits his own pockets the most , is likely to happen . 
  because he is corrupt , right ? 
  it 's time you left wing lunatics stop lying about trump all the time . 
  he has absolutely no track record for public corruption in contrast to the walking example of public corruption the `` good '' side had to offer . 
   mccain is a good guy , you focking whot mate ? 
  the greens . 
  they 'd love to ban anything that could hurt your feelings . 
  by far the biggest fascist movement . 
   maybe because of something that happened in their history ( 70-80 years ago ) , who knows . 
  or maybe it is because of left wing indoctrination of every kid for the last 40 years . 
  we will never know . 
  gee russia , the 80s called . 
  they want their internal policies back . 
  you mean like all 5 of them ? 
  like in the g\u00e4fgen case , where the announcement of torture was already enough to produce the required results ? 
  yeah , it never works . 
  of course it works . 
  which is why the continued doing it ... https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/todays-cia-critics-once-urged-the-agency-to-do-anything-to-fight-al-qaeda/2014/12/05/ac418da2-7bda-11e4-84d4-7c896b90abdc_story.html, 
  torture is part of psychology . 
  breake them and build them back up . 
  since we do n't torture people around here , he would n't have said anything anyway . 
  i sure hope he bled out slowly . 
  good job , italy !, 
  well how about you and that terrorism go back where you came from and build a proper society that is n't constantly falling appart due to religious denominations ? 
   germans will soon demand it . 
  yeah , right ... 
  they call it `` agenda pushing '' . 
   upper middle class that 's what they think . 
  actually most lefties are poor fucks . 
   i do n't think the syrians themselves have caused many issues . 
  yeah , what 's billions in additional tax money flowing in their direction . 
  no biggie . 
  they are benefit optimisers like the rest . 
   i live in chicago in the u.s. btw how are you still alive ? 
  there are the best soviet supermarket jokes though . 
  a woman went to the local communist supermarket and asked one of the employees if there is no meat here . 
  the person just replied that here is no vegetables . 
  no meat is upstairs . 
  hofer is god tier , obvi . 
  tillerson comes with the recommendation of many gop grands like rice , cheney , gates and baker though . 
  [ divide poland you say ? 
  ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/wiener_kongress#/media/file:prince_metternich_by_lawrence.jpeg ), 
  how about you take proper ownership of the subsidiarity principle ? 
  merry jihad , everybody !, 
   it was always the fault of vienna/budapest ungrateful bastards . 
  no such thing . 
  even when there is no difference in the statutes , women get sentenced much less for the same crimes . 
  there is probably no bigger failure in us policies than their public education . 
  it is no coincidence that nobody wants to send their kids to public schools , especially not democratic politicians . 
  what about those people ? 
  all highly successful people who hate their department . 
  a perfect way to reduce the size of the government as he promised . 
  brexit negotiations have n't even really started yet and how those negotiations will influence the economical development of the uk is to be seen . 
  anybody who claims they know what the future development will look like is talking out of his arse . 
  you could n't possibly know . 
  which is why the second generation of muslim migrants is an even bigger problem as their parents used to be even though they grew up here . 
  in austria the term `` generation haram '' is already coined as islam becomes some kind of pop culture for them . 
  jep , was totally his idea . 
  great picks . 
  everybody basically hates his portfolio , meaning government will be slashed , as it should be . 
  and yet everbody on the left is convinced both will be an utter disaster . 
  silly children . 
  not the same thing , no . 
  in the one instance ( that is yet to be proven ) voters get to make a proper decision based on leaks about a corrupt candidate and party and the other was just fear mongering . 
  very sad , yes . 
  they are smugglers themselves . 
  i mean just because the dni boss said in an congress hearing that there is absolutely no evidence whatsoever that wikileaks and russia are working together does n't mean this is not happening . 
  just open your eyes , folks !, 
  there is no time to rely on facts .
