  offensive operations . 
  ffs . 
  do any of you people even read ? 
  the shelling is the direct response to the agreement violation by the ukrainians . 
  that is not the point . 
  the point is that they agreed to not doing that . 
   all those pictures of trieste . 
  you 're welcome , italy . 
   who gives a fuck ? 
  i agree , let 's not get bogged down on facts . 
  germans tweeting in english seems to be unthinkable . 
  strict gun laws ? 
  ever did some reasearch how many of those crimes are committed with weapons owned legally ? 
  i suppose not . 
  because the ukrainians creeped into the city over night directly violating the minsk protocol ( offensive operations are forbidden ) and the other side responded with massive shellings . 
  looks like you need a constitutional change then . 
  if a government in austria would try to pull of shit like that the president could and most certainly would fire their asses . 
  keep fighting !, 
  emergency motion ? 
  forgive my ignorance , but ca n't the president stop this madness by not signing the law ? 
  well , you 'd have to ask ukraine why they did it : http://www.rferl.org/a/ukraine-russia-creeping-offensive-escalation-fighting/28268104.html, 
   the us will and can effectively ` threat ' individual european countries . 
  this is also what they do and the eu can do nothing about it . 
  fully independent and eu member is mutually exclusive . 
  they can wear them in the middle east . 
  totally free to leave and encouraged to . 
  like pretending to know shit , when you do n't ? 
  syrians refugees are not considered refugees under the geneva convention . 
  they are not individually persecuted . 
  cunt is juicing . 
  germany starting a war with somebody . 
  haha, 
  at least he is n't killing them abroad with drone strikes . 
  gee , not populism !, 
  nope . 
  this time it would be parliament and not president . 
  apparently the most famous austrian twitter account . 
  i am so out of the loop . 
  what on earth is a peter box ? 
  jesuits are commies , mate . 
  only when you learn something from the crisis . 
  nope , the left in germany truely is this retarded . 
  also not shown : space . 
  it was just a prank bruh . 
  if bavaria really wanted to break away , the german cc is n't going to stop them . 
  not that there would be a majority for such undertaking ... 
  sounds about right . 
  so what ? 
  how does that change the will of the people of crimea ? 
  the soviets also gave away crimea so we should also see this as null and void ? 
  i suppose this was alright , was it ? 
  serbia even had a sc resolution , which garantued its territorial integrity . 
  did n't mean much even though all the nations on the planet are bound by those resolutions . 
  two . 
  both times with the same outcome . 
   what crimeans want is irrelevant . 
  not , it is not . 
  those made up rule by some scholars that a nation has to wage war on its own population in order for them to have the right to secede is not ius cogens . 
  it was just made up during the kosovo war in order to somehow justify why the uck scum should have their own state ( after hordes of albanians poured into serbian territory ) . 
   russia ca n't invade other countries to enforce values it has made illegal at home and still be seen as serious . 
  now which values are those that have been made illegal in russia ? 
  oh , the people are stupid meme now and they do n't know what they want . 
  the icj judgment on kosovo can be applied to crimea 1:1 . 
  invaded by a foreign force and declared independence later ( without a referendum ) . 
  if you allow people to secede ( nothing in international law stops them from doing so as peoples are not bound by internationa law , only states ) you must also allow them to join another entity . 
  osce was invited and rejected to come , btw . 
  what about 91 % considered the referendum free and fair do n't you understand ? 
  was pew also pressuring people to give the right answer because we all know pew is a russian agent , right ? 
  yeah , let 's whatabout to get around the fact that crimeans never wanted to be part of ukraine in the first place . 
  how many referendums does it take to proof that fact to you ? 
  apparently two are not enough . 
  you 'd most likely all drown during the next flood then . 
  i 'd build a fence . 
   their opinion simply does not validate the referendum . 
  no , but it kills the `` they were forced to vote that way '' meme . 
  yeah , nevermind that 91 % of crimeans actually considered the referendum fair and free . ^ [ 1 ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/08/despite-concerns-about-governance-ukrainians-want-to-remain-one-country/ ), 
  what the hell ? 
  i hate spain now . 
  i guess they can have her if they want to ? 
  that 's what happens when you do n't have an air force , i suppose . 
  crows are smart , but also cunts . 
   that whole episode has him firmly on the pro-putin train now , too . 
  that 's just bs . 
  he 's just not buying the russia did it because everybody says russia did it so russia must have done it . 
   ignorant they are fully aware and they do n't care since it fits their goal of having more migrants in europe to make it more diverse and shit . 
  i 've lost count how many times putin now has made obama look like a foreign policy fool . 
  i know right ? 
  do n't push us !, 
  there are just 3 branches of power . 
  media and all the other powerful entities you could come up with , by definition , are not part of checks & balances as nobody is making sure they do n't get too powerful and they also do n't prevent other branches from becoming too powerful . 
  that 's the very nature of separation of powers . 
  they might influence the 3 branches of power , yes , but they can not force them to stay within their powers . 
  at the end of the day they have no factual power ( empire ) , only soft power . 
  maybe you should stick to us forums if you wish to discuss the matter solely with fellow americans ( the europe sub certainly is the wrong place for this ) ? 
  i mean that would be the logical solution to the problem you seem to have . 
  nasty foreigner with the audacity to give his opinion on us matters . 
  where the hell are we ? 
  separation of what powers ? 
  you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  his privat enterprises have absolutely nothing to do with separation of powers .
