  just use non-military ships to save the refugees and bring them to the nearest port of libya . 
  would be completely sound with international law . 
  it does n't matter what libya says , that 's the beauty of ius cogens . 
  and the question would rather be how would libya enforce it 's claimed sovereignty against the navy of a modern army . 
  art 98 unclos . 
  does n't matter . 
  this is ius cogens and therefore universally applicable to all states . 
  united nations convention on the law of the sea . 
  no they do n't . 
  greece has roughly [ 60,000 ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2016/06/14/how-many-refugees-are-in-greece-heres-the-head-count-ahead-of-world-refugee-day/ ) of them and italy a little over 100,000 with almost 60 million inhabitants . 
  when they still fuck without a condom is the prostituted going to fined as well ? 
  after all she contributed to the crime . 
  you were also pressured to bomb libya yourself ? 
  lolz , the only nations with equal rights in the empire have been the germans and the hungarians and that only after the austro-hungarian compromise of 1867 . 
  left wing nutjob . 
  what do you expect ? 
  by sending them north ... 
  the myth of italy and greece drowning under the burden of refugees is a joke . 
  no they do n't . 
  they have to accept a ship with people from shipwrecked immigrants under maritime law ( closest harbour ) . 
  other than that : italy had no problem bombing the old government out of office and now the souvereignity of libya would somehow be sacred ? 
  yeah , right ... 
  syrians fell for it as well . 
  will the autopilot work , or am i going to rear-end a lorry ? 
  thanks i guess . 
   start shooting them on border like you do ? 
  no , no more turkey agreements . 
  take your people back or face economic consequences . 
  time to bring out the stick and not just the carrot . 
  that sounds rather racists . 
  no , you do n't need higher education , you need higher training for most jobs , which can be achieved in many ways of which spending years at the university is the least productive way . 
  austria does it just like that as well . 
  absolutely no need to send everybody to university , when you can get a proper professional education with vocational training . 
  45 + per cent is just crazy . 
  nobody needs this amount of academics . 
  what a waste of resources . 
  well is n't that nice !, 
  nope . 
  most definitely chechens . 
  dunno about linz and graz , but vienna 's area around the handelskai has a couple of those chechen assholes making sure girls are upholding the dress code . 
  except for those on sharia patrol in the west . 
  what evidence ? 
  we do n't subscribe to prussian counting . 
  that 's because we sucked at war . 
  i mean really [ sucked . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kar%c3%a1nsebes ), 
  nah , they are awesome . 
  which is why i hate it when people are pronouncing it in french ( almost everybody in vienna does that ) . 
  bellevue would be the french equivalent . 
  now let 's compare bild and guardian . 
  never heard such a sentence when obama was actively advocating the uk to stay . 
  and pin it on your child ? 
  very unlikely . 
  jury members in austria decide the sentence together with the three judges and studies have shown that judges tend to hand out tougher sentences :  richter urteilen au\u00dferdem tendenziell strenger als der b\u00fcrger . 
   hell , there is a complete profession that only try to manipulated the jury-pick so that it is in favor for the client , often the decision is already made when the jury is picked before even the first hearing . 
  you can pick the jury in germany ? 
  no such thing in austria for obvious reasons . 
  funny enough the institutional system of the austrian abgb in its setup is modeled after the napoleonic code since the pandectistic system has n't been invented yet . 
  estonia germanic now . 
  i 'd rather be judged by the neighbour . 
  studies have shown that professional judges hand out more severe punishments in comparison to ordinary people in juries . 
  [ bildschirmschuss ] ( https://abload.de/img/untitledkwsgj.png ), 
  and that new state would never be recognised by spain , meaning they would never join the eu . 
  china is number 1 for germany , not the netherlands : https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/158445/umfrage/rangfolge-der-wichtigsten-handelspartner-deutschlands-nach-wert-der-importe/ [ screenshot ] ( https://abload.de/img/untitledkwsgj.png ), 
  til european parliament is no parliament . 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe being a charismatic presenter of talking points ? 
  wo n't hold up . 
  non of these streaming sites can claim that they did n't know copyright protected material was linked on their sites , since they have to create these links in the first place and they are also making money from it . 
  either is enough for the ecj to consider it an infringement of copyright law . 
  see : http://curia.europa.eu/jcms/upload/docs/application/pdf/2016-09/cp160092en.pdf, 
  it 's like we are not even playing the same sports . 
  are any of those great speeches you 've read the result of political debate in parliament ? 
  no , they are not . 
  no relevance ? 
  he got the uk out of the eu . 
  less votes for the democrats obviously . 
  california has quite the big conservative population as well , but not big enough to swing federal elections to their favour . 
  well , most of them are n't consumer goods which is why the average person does n't know them . 
  heavily specialised . 
  companies like rosenberger , trodat , doppelmayr and the lot are completely unknown to the average person yet are still leaders in their markets . 
  also austria is an integral part of germany 's supply chain therefore a lot of what we produce is later on labled as `` made in germany '' . 
  take bmw for instance . 
  80 % of their engines are produced in austria . 
  i read expresso in paris a couple of times last summer . 
  felt very wrong . 
  well , they are to be credited with the creation of the crapiest home furniture imaginable . 
  great way to go if you actually want to kill the eu for good . 
  how anybody would rate spain so far below let 's say sweden is beyond me , but then again it was a worldwide survey and most people know jackshit about countries far away . 
  and you can bet each design just cost roughly below the 100,000 euros threshold where calls for a tender are mandatory . 
  some logos are ugly af . 
  would prefer germany 's simplistic approach using the bmi logo for all ministries . 
  that would be neat , especially since the names of those ministries keep changing . 
  ha , we big guy now . 
  dig up the emperor , we 're back , baby !, 
  damn nazi had it coming . 
  i know right ? 
  even their coffee shops suck . 
  you surely would n't want to start throwing rocks in this glashouse of yours . 
  y' all need some jesus !,
