  welcome to the well thought through eu . 
  that 's why you do n't hand over critical competences to supranational and largely unaccountable institutions . 
  no wonder muslims love it there . 
  well , that was unexpected . 
  pique was right all along ? 
  which is not a ground for asylum . 
  it means absolutely nothing . 
  every single european head of state and government felt the urge to tell the americans who to vote for ( merkel included ) . 
   i feel like macron has been maybe too deferential to a president who keeps sticking his mouth and nose in internal eu affairs you do remember the us elections , right ? 
  the eu has absolutely no moral standing to demand trump not to interfere with their internal affairs . 
  good one . 
  in the meantime the german taxpayer will feed you and provide shelter in exchange for nothing . 
  also once your application is processed you 'll receive all the benefits the germans receive as well , without ever contributing anything to the country and you 'll most likely be depending on welfare for the rest of your life . 
  i explained it to you in the second sentence , ffs . 
  that 's no protection under the consitition now , is it ? 
   do you work for the german government ? 
  why would the german government know more than the us government ( the opposite is true ) ? 
  comey said in 2015 that they can not properly vet the rather small amount of refugees they took in due to a complete lack of data from syria . 
   by asking them questions about the area/town they claim to come from . 
  i am mohammed . 
  i am 12 years old and i am from aleppo , like everyone else . 
  just going by the constitution asylum is technically impossible as anybody entering germany from a safe country is precluded from the consitutional protection . 
  the scope of the ecaa does n't not extent to third countries though . 
  here 's the bilateral treaty in german : https://www.ris.bka.gv.at/geltendefassung.wxe?abfrage=bundesnormen&amp;gesetzesnummer=10012069&amp;fassungvom=2017-07-14 it basically works on the concept of reciprocity . 
  you give me 20 landing rights in a week , i 'll give you 20 landing rights in a week . 
  i find it hard to belief that we 'll get a fair and balanced report by somebody who has a horse in the race . 
  just in time to be almost obsolete again , like the eurofighter . 
   the eu functions as one country in terms of flight agreements that is absolutely not true . 
  for instance the landing rights between quatar and austria are subject to bilateral treaties between the two nations completely bypassing the eu . 
  they have a bilateral treaty with the eu and are for instance also required to live up to the obligations set out in the passenger rights directive nr 261/2004 . 
  anschlusszeiten are very short in vienna , yes . 
  uk gets kicked out of the cl in the round of last 16 . 
  adoptive mothers , yes . 
  no need to introduce a new legal term . 
  nope , only one can be the mother . 
  the other person is the adopter , legally . 
  no , she is n't . 
  she 's the adopter . 
  so just calling the other person adopter was n't possible ? 
   the bill was also controversial due to the bill banning pronouned words , for example instead of `` mother '' , the words `` the person who gave birth to the child '' would be used . 
  how on earth would anyone not lobotomised vote in favour of this ? 
  who was the 1 ? 
  merkel ? 
  i am starting to love everything about this town . 
  no , you are white . 
  go back to work and pay your taxes . 
  we do n't need their backing . 
  or maybe because berlin is filled with pretentious lazy cunts ? 
  * emperor hadrian 121 ad , colorised . 
  when was the last time shia muslims bombed europe ? 
  keep your taqiya bs to yourself , mr. mayor . 
  this article was brought to you by sp\u00d6 hq . 
  rafale , whilst it is the far better weapons platform in comparison to the eurofighter , is actually more expensive than the f-35 . 
  economies of scale is really kicking in for the f-35 now . 
  dunno , looks irish to me . 
  vote for right wing parties . 
  y' all going straight to hell !, 
  i sure hope this includes criminal proceedings for everybody involved for people smuggling . 
  you do n't have to . 
  you can always charge them with aiding and abetting of murder in innumerable cases , which is basically what you do when you join any of those terrorists organisations . 
  should be enght to lock them away for at least 20 years . 
  germany did the same with the nazis after ww2 . 
  many of them did n't directly kill anybody , but germany locked them away for aiding and abetting of murder . 
   that said , the chinese tomb of the first emperor is some amazing architecture . 
  apparently it had flowing mercury fountains . 
  well , the stupid cunt also thought eating mercury would make him immortal . 
  as it turned out it killed him . 
  just going by the article above : it was n't the russians who started shittalking . 
  yes , but not without boundaries . 
  this is only a rather recent practice . 
  also my personal experience is that the atm coverage in small villages on the country side is better . 
  we hide them from tourists . 
  on a serious note , atms are getting less in vienna . 
  at least that is my personal experience . 
  i hate computers now . 
  history will be on poland 's side !, 
  no , it means that just because the source of your income is illegal , does n't mean you do n't have to pay taxes . 
  and all sons are circumcised without their consent . 
  that 's universial though and got al capone in jail . 
  awesome sauce . 
   rest of germany eternal sauprei\u00dfn . 
  is n't that considered rape ? 
  explains why the prices for flats are ridiculously low , the last time i looked when i was there . 
  wan na come back ? 
  let 's make trieste great again !, 
  are you a postman ? 
  aka the only right way . 
  do n't fuck with margrethe , yo . 
  it 's in the same class as the russian , indian , chinese and french carriers . 
  there is no official definition what a super-carrier is , btw . 
  so what ? 
  the difference is still tremendous capability wise and the reason why a us carrier costs twice as much , not taking into consideration the costs for the additional planes . 
  also you fitted a fucking ramp . 
  you do realise that planes - in contrast to nuclear carriers - have a limited operational radius , right ? 
  density and height wise , moscow is the only european bc that plays in the top league of the world . 
  the tower on the right is among the most hideous worldwide though . 
  what were they thinking ? 
  nope , bitdefender is far better . 
   the powerplants are not located on the border . 
  they 're placed near the center of the country you hear that , czechia ?
