  they sure had a reason to leave though . 
  so basically you do n't trust anybody ? 
  how 's denmark not a rebel ? 
  they have the most opt-outs of all member state and this wo n't change any day soon . 
  vienna focused ( and still does ) on providing handouts to the poor , whilst the rest focused on getting more competitive and make sure the poor get jobs instead . 
  as a result the city is pilling up debt on a mind-blowing scale and was handed down to the second to last spot in average income per person only trailed by carinthia . 
  also the fact that vienna has seen some insane price hikes in housing ate up whatever little growth vienna produced . 
   most of austria 's gdp is concentrated in vienna , it is not . 
  roughly a quarter is . 
  run away from your country because it 's an absolute shithole . 
  be proud of your homecountry in the country you fled to ... those people are the reason why their homecountry is a shithole in the first place . 
  moderate muslim . 
  trump and angie shaking hands : https://twitter.com/sz/status/842781080545562624, 
  some sort of montessori kindergarten without any form of authority involved . 
  speak for yourself . 
  the fuck ? 
  i hate europe now . 
  who cares ? 
  isis is not our eternal enemy that needs to be eradicated to safeguard europe 's wellbeing . 
  iraq would be more then welcoming for any support by nato to get rid of them and in the worst case you could always use aircraft carriers or the raf base in cyprus . 
  you do n't need turkey to fight isis especially when turkey is playing a double game . 
  this is a matter of principle and not pragmatism . 
  eu pissing on the fundamental principle of subsidiarity yet once again , like they always do . 
   or expel them from nato and let putin sort them out . 
  this one . 
  it 's about time we take constantinopel back . 
   who is being controlled by an alcoholic nazi . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  at the same time you get a clear mandate from the people on who should run the country/district/state . 
  first in the primaries and then in the actual vote . 
  make amsterdam your european hub , get ridiculous amounts of tax incentives , invest in hungary or turkey from there . 
  you mean the biggest cavalry attack in history of warfare ? 
  sure thing brobeans . 
  jesus h. christ , we have the second highest measles rate in europe : http://diepresse.com/home/leben/gesundheit/4996225/oesterreich-hat-zweithoechste-masernrate-in-europa, 
  but do they ? 
  i remember seeing a map where most of the oil was actually in english territories . 
  parents need to be charged with negligent homicide . 
  did you have a nazi party afterwards ? 
  here 's a video of their last big exercise : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyydjoemuq4, 
  now i see what slovenia is so keen on having sea access themselves . 
  now watch the german government preventing them from doing so . 
  protipp : do n't hold your breath . 
  because they are burning fuel way more efficiently than gasoline engines ? 
  so why would the usa do such thing then , when we are all besties sharing everything ( we are not ) . 
  how about we stop the distribution nonsense ? 
  obviously not working . 
  yes please . 
  nope in russia you have to be in the closet . 
  pretty sure no other country has a big ass data centre in the middle of your country though . 
   we should stop supporting the criminal trafficking gangs you mean doctors without borders and all the other ngos ? 
  no wonder they are getting paid less . 
  just drive along the a4 towards hungary . 
  well , they bought the place , right ? 
  more like three exceptions : 1 ) national interest ( eg famous artists and sportsmen ) 2 ) it serves the well-being of a child and 3 ) you are entitled to both citizenships at birth and keeping both is necessary for some reason worth being considered . 
  thanks . 
  was looking at the latest 2016 report and could n't find it . 
  the average student in germany costs 11,000 a year . ^ [ 1 ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/lebenundlernen/uni/statistik-so-viel-kosten-studenten-ihre-unis-pro-jahr-a-1078683.html ) that is a lot of vat . 
  which does n't really cover the costs of studying . 
  where does it say that ? 
  can not be bothered to plow through 82 pages to find the source myself . 
  any source for this claim ? 
  of those who play a double game , yes . 
  nah , allow it and check every participant of such rallies for double passports . 
  would be a great way to strip them of the austrian citizenship ( you lose the austrian citizenship ex lege if you take on another one ) . 
  belgium and netherlands so lazy could n't even be bothered to fill out the spreadsheet . 
  before you started importing mogadishu . 
  but i was n't really speaking about this documunt now , was i ? 
  if anything this document proofs what i think is wrong . 
  make it a general policy for all countries in the world . 
  and stop being gay if you do n't want to be thrown off the top of a building . 
  i very much hope you are kidding . 
   the usa is the only country left that has n't fulfilled its promise of treating all eu-countries equally . 
  i very much doubt that : https://www.passportindex.org/byrank.php, 
  why restrict the focus on the usa ? 
  there are countless other countries as well , where some eu citizens get to travel without problem , whilst others have to apply for visas . 
  legistics could be something in this tone : `` no third country shall be granted visa terms more favourable in comparison to the least favourable terms granted by this country to any eu member state . '', 
  thanks for quoting what i just said . 
  speech must lead to an immideate breach of peace aka violence for it to not be covered by the 1st amendment . 
  even the freaking hate speech of the kkk was covered by this , which should give you an idea how incredibly broad the freedom of speech concept in the usa is . 
  fuck the freedoms of people i do n't agree with . 
  the only restriction the usa have is speech that directly leads to violence , which is almost never the case . 
  europe on the other hand does n't have real freedom of speech . 
  almost all transgender kids accept their natural sex after puberty . 
  against outdated migs and suchois of an air force that was crippled due to the sanctions and did n't see what was coming their way . 
  saddam also did n't have any fighter aircraft left . 
  46 % against such an opponent is actually proving my point that relying on bvr is not the smartest thing to do . 
  it wo n't . 
  the kill ratio of bvr radar guided missiles is abysmal especially against modern 4 + fighter jets with ew kits . 
  here 's a nice little article about the problems with bvr combat : https://defenseissues.net/2013/04/27/usefulness-of-bvr-combat/, 
  so do i. 
  pretty sure the germans are thrilled to have you on their side in matters of cuisine . 
  that 's why we 're bros. 
  well the f-35 is kind of heavy and therefore also slow and less manouverable in comparison to other modern gen 4 + fighters . 
  therefore it has some shortcomings in the a2a theater that the rafale does n't have . 
  it is the best real multirole fighter out there ( together with the f/a -18 ) . 
  islamophobia makes it sound as it would be unreasonable to not want to emulate western europe 's grand muslim immigration project . 
  should go with the rafale . 
  best aircraft of the lot . 
   \u010cevap\u010di\u010di this one . 
  which was one of the few fair redistribution of land after ww1 since the population got to vote on it .
