  but is clean coal now . 
  not true . 
  nobody has that many potatos . 
  feck off . 
  it is very much our call . 
  not taking any prisoners . 
  belgium is a tax haven for multinational corporations . 
  you came up with the new law in your example :  for example , if the parliament and all the member states politically agreed that it would be a good idea to allow china to join the eu , that would not mean that china could join , as it would be illegal under article 49 . 
  which is why your example was completely wrong since the accession of a new member states would always override existing treaties . 
  reunification lead to the incorporation of an area that had growth rates comparable to west germany during the so called `` wirtschaftswunder '' : http://www.faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/ein-zweites-wirtschaftswunder-in-ostdeutschland-kfw-sieht-erfolgsgeschichte-13181917/wachstum-vom-gleichen-13182001.html so no , reunification is not the reason why germany 's economic growth was rather low in the 90s . 
  it does n't matter what it says in art 49 teu since the * lex posterior derogat legi priori * - principle is also relevant in international law ( see art . 
  3 vienna convention on the law of treaties ) . 
  when eu member states create a new treaty about china joining the eu , we have two clashing norms . 
  art 49 teu stating that it is n't possible for many reasons is derogated by the later and even more specific ( since we are dealing with a single country instead of a broad concept ) new multilateral accession treaty . 
  absolutely nothing the ecj could do about that . 
  whether a country is allowed to join is not a legal issue , that is purely political and discussed in accession conferences and since joining the eu is always a matter of newely created primary law the ecj can not overrule accession treaties either . 
  due to the fact that everything surrounding eu memberships ( joining and leaving ) is not a legal matter , but a political one . 
  mass detention ? 
  10 guys detained for 5 days and another detained for 11 is hardly mass detention now , is n't it ? 
  dunno if he really supported hizb ut-tahrir , but doing so would also get you into real troubles in germany as well . 
  i would argue that - even though the ecj has the ultimate authority to interpret the treaties - this is solely a political questions , not a legal one . 
  no need for that . 
  we are n't killing our cows either with electric fences . 
  uk and denmark are not part of the monetary union though . 
  better safe then sorry , amirite ? 
  the eu has already extended the free movement of capital to the entire world . 
  true , but also kind of missleading since the valleys are packed and the rest of the alps is n't really inhabitable . 
  all this red ... not very comfy . 
  the day the eu is going down this path would most likely be the day where austria triggers art 50 teu . 
  sharks with lasers on the heads are the future btw , not nukes . 
   supporters of the plan to simplify the process argue that it is ridiculous to ask people who were born and have lived all their lives in switzerland to prove that they are integrated . 
  actually not entirely . 
  only 32 % of the second generation turks in vienna feel affiliated to the state of austria . 
  but since [ these ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5tkgxf/switzerland_votes_on_relaxing_its_citizenship/ddnb12p/ ) are the other conditions of the proposal , a rather reasonable bill . 
  the swiss are reasonable people so i would n't be surprised if it passed . 
  cheeky cunts . 
  it wo n't be scrapped . 
  exactly , that is what he wants to get rid off . 
  i mean it could n't possibly be the negative impact some of the dodd franck act titles have : https://lrus.wolterskluwer.com/news/banking-finance-law-daily/study-volcker-rule-has-negative-impact-on-bond-liquidity-during-market-stress it 's not like bonds are a very important way of financing for corporations . 
  well yes , a part that has apparently created a financing bottleneck for the rest of the economy . 
  yes , there have been quite a view cases at the court i used to work at . 
   the us is removing all regulations on the financial markets , [ citation needed ], 
  the eu will care when they are smacked through the room by the americans like the little bitches they are . 
  you really do n't get the point , do you ? 
  just because the governments before let a shitload of pakis and indians into the country does n't mean the people wanted this . 
  in fact they never did : http://www.limitstogrowth.org/articles/2013/01/19/britain-poll-finds-immigration-considered-biggest-problem/, 
  since the swamp is washington and not new york , this computes actually very well . 
  and you think the people wanted this ? 
  that was the whole point of brexit , to get control back over the country . 
  accountability and that sort of shit that does n't exist in the eu . 
  you can not curb migration from the eu and the british felt like this is important to them . 
  deal with it . 
  it would be eventually since neither the gop nor trump would stand for this shit . 
  so the eu thinks it can lock out the two biggest financial markets in the world ? 
  hahaha . 
  good one . 
  the moot point that the immigration damage has been done . 
  since the 7 year transition period is also over there is now no way to curb immigration either . 
  it 's almost like they agreed to such spending targets 15 years ago . 
  should n't have lost the war then . 
  wait . 
  arguing a moot point did n't change their view on the status quo ? 
  germans do n't have freedom of speech . 
  so when will the eu follow their own request ? 
  like say not participating in demonstrations against an elected government ? 
  no it 's : vote for me and i let you fuck my wife while i watch . 
  meanwhile at the hungarian and bulgarian border . 
  i am pretty sure the penal system of those countries have n't been the reason why the dhs put them on the list though . 
  you killed a couple of people  sentenced to death . 
  you sucked another guys dick  sentenced to death . 
  yep , no difference at all . 
  because they have biometric passports and information exchange with the usa , yes . 
  you can vet the people coming form sa , but you can not do the same with the seven countries on the list . 
  the germans are far from rational . 
  their self-hatred is going to destroy all of europe once again . 
  this time plastered with good intentions of course . 
   there 's a reason trump lost the popular vote by 3 + million votes ... 
  yes , no voter id laws in democratic strongholds . 
  as if anyone in the usa would care what the germans think of them . 
  wolfs and sheep , you know ... 
   the right is showing too many signs of treachery . 
  and what is the mass import of culturally incompatible foreigners ? 
  no treachery ? 
  germany does n't send anyone back . 
  more like go full pinochet on them . 
  that might have to do with the fact that you think every venitian looking building there was built during your short reign , which is not even remotely true . 
  most of them were built much later when the city became a major harbour . 
  yeah , those 100 years certainly have been more influential to the city than the following 650 years . 
  that 's the point . 
  trieste became the by far most important harbour of one of the great powers and got very rich in the process . 
  this lead to the magnificent architecture people still get to admire to this day . 
  i especially love it since the architecture kind of is a mixture between the typical viennese palais and the italian palazzo . 
   fuck man all the buildings that have a winged lion on it were built by the serenissima . 
  nope , most of them are just generali buildings . 
  remind me again when the serenissima ruled trieste ? 
  argument does n't hold up , let 's move the goal posts . 
  most certainly almost all of them . 
  does n't change the fact though that almost no gun associated crime is committed by legal gun owners . 
  what you built ? 
  pretty sure there are n't many great buildings in the city that predate 1382 .
