  otherwise it would clearly be the number one by a country mile . 
  same for schmidt in germany . 
  and i very much respect that . 
  that 's why you wanted to join nato and not the eu . 
  right , villi . 
  a european army , lol . 
  you know that you 'd have to invest a lot of money into this , right ? 
  also the eastern europeans will always choose nato and the usa over a potential european army . 
  not europe . 
  that is for sure . 
   he 'll be thrilled about still not explicitly endorsing article 5 about '' one for all and all for one '' yes , because he is making it conditional on the military spending of the other members . 
  you want military protection ? 
  be prepared and able to protect others as well . 
  will never happen . 
  europe without the military capabilities of the usa and the uk ( the latter will always seek a military alliance with the usa over europe for obvious reasons ) is a nobody unless they boost their defense . 
  they were smart enough not to . 
  `` dubbed hate group by southern poverty law center '' well , if those commies say that it must be true . 
  they also consider the amazing ayaan hirsi ali an `` anti-muslim extremist '' . 
  france , italy and the uk wanted gaddafi gone . 
  no , soft-power is no replacement for hard-power . 
  nato is a military alliance and not a welfare organisation . 
  it does n't care how much you pay for digging wells in africa . 
  it is not covered by its statute , which everybody agreed upon so live up to what you promised to do . 
  who cares ? 
  nobody voted for them . 
  merkel 's husband understands this very well . 
  and the 30 years before that . 
  ... and stationed the equipment in gibraltar . 
  for the bants . 
  talk is cheap . 
  he does jackshit about it . 
  that 's why we banned the funding of islamic communities from abroad . 
  haha , i just knew we would blow the rest out of the water with pork . 
  the entire country is literally haram . 
  that one . 
  yeah , mine are also constantly spilling classified information . 
  very much so , yes . 
  sorry , no backsies . 
  neither was hitler ^ ( technically ) . 
  yes , but then again the dutch have like 5 tanks left and the rest was given away in exchange for an ounce of weed . 
  this time the dude has no balls at all . 
  yes , but for this purpose you can not hold them against their will . 
  austria does provide living accomodations for these kids , but at the first occasion possible they are gone . 
  i am a jurist . 
  this not a forever clause . 
  it could be changed tomorrow without any legal issues . 
  in contrast to the german basic law , where the forever clauses can only be changed by revolution . 
   ` forever clause ' no such thing in the austrian constitution ( in contrast to the german basic law ) . 
  not only that , but also our independence treaty with the allies after ww2 requires us to be neutral . 
  their crime model was . 
  that 's the last thing they would want . 
  russia is not even remotely an alternative to nato 's power . 
  it certainly helped , yes , but it also got facilitated by the eu , which can not be denied . 
  well , the european investigation order just entered into force yesterday : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-17-1388_en.htm, 
  can confirm this . 
  during my time as a trainee at the regional criminal court in vienna we had countless cases such as these . 
  often those kids are not even 14 , so you can not put them in pre-trial detention and have to let them go . 
  it 's sickening . 
  for a reason . 
  no way to treat the first lady of france . 
  fake , there are no gay men in chechnya . 
  of course a i1-r1b would n't understand ... 
  wow wow wow germany , hold your horses . 
  we got dibs on them . 
  they need to be charged with negligent homicide . 
  small russian intelligence boat against an romanian battlesheep does n't sound fair to me . 
  they work the office jobs though , not on site . 
   you say that the justice system of a very important western country is suffering because women are being assigned judgeship even when they are unqualified . 
  fuck , that is not even remotely what i said . 
  i said quality is always lower when you hire less qualified people , not that they are unqualified all together . 
  and no , women are very much underrepresented at the supreme courts since the politicians at the ministry do n't get to pick them . 
  judges themselves pick the best candidates from the lower courts . 
  take the supreme court of justice for instance . 
  19 out of 60 are women . 
  supreme administrative court : 15 out of 64 . 
  the market does n't do shit with judges either . 
  well , there you go . 
  beneficiaries of affirmative action are dropping off massively in contrast to their peers : https://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2012/10/the-painful-truth-about-affirmative-action/263122/ do you really need a source to make the cognitive step from hiring less qualified people to a drop in quality though ? 
  seems like an absolute non-brainer to me . 
  common sense ? 
  you give the job to a less qualified people . 
  or option c. nothing of that kind since claiming to know how the franc and euro is going to develope is nothing but fortunetelling . 
  let 's also not pretend that the euro would n't tank completely if its second biggest economy was to leave . 
  right , you called it a fact : `` austria does n't have positive discrimination when appointing judges . '', 
  let an austrian jurist tell you that this is just not true . 
  women are still heavily favoured when it comes to appointing judges . 
  rather naive asumption . 
  women did n't become a lot better out of a sudden . 
  in fact the ministry of justice changed its hiring practice to favour women over men . 
  no , not nice . 
  affirmative action ( which is the reason why they are overrepresented at this point ) has always lead to lower overall quality . 
  i guess he meant liberate from nazi oppression . 
   judges are dominantly female . 
  they are in austria . 
  67.3 % of the aspiring judges are female and 53 % of the sitting judges . 
   this french exit from the euro would also mean the collapse of france 's pension and social security systems , which are mostly invested in sovereign bonds , the destruction of the savings of millions of citizens , and the bankruptcy of thousands of french small companies . 
  ah , the good old babys will go up in flames if we leave the eu . 
  not going to happen . 
  with compulsory membership of course . 
  and that a week or so after a study has been publicised that just 1/6th of the jobs in austria are threatened by automation .
