  we survived the last time . 
  is n't the skyscraper on the left melting cars ? 
  do n't google the new gazprom hq in st. petersburg then . 
  well , you can put a boat on a ship , but no ship on a boat . 
  dunno why , but subs are always boats . 
  the displacement of the typhoons for instance was about the same as the last british carriers . 
  looks actually quite plausible . 
  but then again submarines are n't ships , but boats . 
  not if the enemy is a freaking nuclear carrier going 35 knots , no . 
   30 knots speed they are actually faster . 
  if that is a super-carrier , the us carries need to be reclassified to mega-carriers . 
  the gulf is just too big to put them into the same league . 
  makes my heart melt . 
  divided by 27 . 
  not really worth it , considering what kind of competence you 'd be handing to the eu . 
  ai n't that right !, 
  dayum girl , you curves got my core melting . 
  wan na work here for very little money ? 
  czech mate , 
   eez of course they do . 
  it 's international waters . 
  especially the venture capital part is crucial . 
  it is so much easier to get start-up money in the us compared to europe . 
  it does happen within the eu . 
  well of course germany did that . 
  1 ) you never extradite your own people and 2 ) it is one of the fundamental principles in extradition law of every state that the claimed criminal activities are also a crime in the other state ( germany ) . 
  very much so . 
  those able to compete . 
  you 'd never see merkel bitch about how unfair eu rules are to german workers and that we have to scale back the eu in order to protect the german market . 
  the biggest financial hub in the world ? 
  nothing comes even close inside the eu-27 . 
  the french never liked competition . 
  and the posted workers directive clearly states that posted workers have to be working under the same conditions as the locals . 
  the 8 days exemption does not apply to construction works . 
  so no , there is no eu law issue , but the inability of the french to enforce their own laws . 
  we do n't do that . 
  how about giving it back to austria ? 
  stupid commies . 
  my landlord is 75 . 
  i 'd be surprised if he spoke any english at all . 
  also i would n't be translating the contract just because the other person does n't speak the contract language . 
  next please . 
   but they do n't care , hence it 's not banned . 
  nah , they are just shitting their pants appearing anti-semitic . 
  because some oder men like sucking bloody baby cocks . 
  so why the fuck are you even responding to my viennese example with some arrogant til bs ? 
  in contrast to your failed state , austria has working public transport , which is also why nobody , but the swiss , is using trains more frequently . 
   europe 's highest court no such thing . 
  but malta does n't even have 1m inhabitants ? 
   almost all guns are outlawed ( to the public ) not in austria , so speak for yourself . 
  i am out , this is getting too retarded for me . 
  you neither know what the public transportation situation is like , especially in vienna , and you certainly do n't know anything about gun control here . 
  you do n't have to outlaw cars . 
  just prevent the general public from buying them because under normal circumstance they do n't need them , just like guns . 
  and yes , trains and busses pretty much go to every square kilometer of austria . 
  you can take the train , the bus or rent a car . 
  yeah , this never happened . 
  because they are there illegally and you might as well get rid of your laws if you are not prepare to enforce them . 
   are guns absolutely needed in a free , european society freedom is not about needs though ( many europeans do n't seem to understand this concept ) . 
  it is about the government not interfering with people 's lives unless you harm other people . 
  cars would n't be needed by most people in vienna , yet nobody ( sane ) would suggest removing the free accessibility to the general public ( and way more people are killed and harmed accidentially by cars in austria , btw , and we have rather loose gun control ) . 
  many accidental deaths are also related to many other things . 
  stop shifting the goalposts . 
  you were talking about crimes specifically . 
  same here . 
   meanwhile i think ours are more reasonable than those the us has nowadays . 
  not even remotely . 
  hardly any gun related crimes are done with legally obtained guns . 
  the ships that made the americans re-commission their iowa-class battleships ( drool.png ) . 
  you already lost your vote in the council so not much incentive to comply . 
  pretty sure you should n't eat those that have n't been found so far . 
  that 's why i hate going on holidays . 
  full of bloody foreigners . 
  some of them are even locals , ffs . 
  that he just drew it somewhere on the ballot without making a cross on his candidate . 
  it was n't clear who he wanted to vote for without a doubt and therefore declared invalid . 
  nope , as long as the voter 's will is clearly recognisable , everything is permitted . 
  the penis by itself did n't render the ballot invalid though . 
  it also shows once again that terrorism has absolutely nothing to do with education . 
  if they were truely westernised they 'd not identify as muslims in the first place . 
  also your personal experience with some of them is not the issue . 
  not terrorism , but the general inability of muslims to become members of western societies . 
  nobody is voting . 
  there would only be a vote if the council decided to stop the treaty violation procedure and that would require a 2/3 majority . 
  do n't see it happening . 
   it 's irrational , sure it is n't . 
  only an irrational person would want islamic migration after all we have seen the last two decades . 
  pretty sure that 's what russia wanted . 
  scale 1:6,000,000 damn , that 's a small apple , not matter what you call it . 
  whatcha benching , bruh ? 
  10,865 kg full rep into orbit . 
  yeah , they mirrin ' . 
  they still do . 
  austria is a sepp country . 
  well , i guess they have to sell their second class products somewhere . 
  gib back harbour , filthy italians !, 
  pick a number , damn krainers !, 
  what the hell is female friendly ? 
  explain yourself , czechs !, 
  gruber is only the number one because maier/mayer/mayr / meier is written in so many different ways .
