   in both the british referendum and u.s. presidential votes , russia happened upon an almost perfectly divided electorate . 
  it took a nudge of just a few percentage points in each case to achieve victory . 
  you mean when the us president strong-armed the british electorate by declaring they would no longer have a special relationship with the us if they were to leave the eu ? 
  yeah , how dare putin interfere with other country 's elections . 
  no idea what you 're talking about , m8 . 
  germans are going to get us all killed again . 
  jee , that sucks . 
  you know who else was shaking ? 
  this guy needs a therapy . 
  paradox of tolerance . 
  i 'd go with three cdg type carries . 
  one with the northern fleet , one with the pacific fleet and a third in reserve/repair/refit . 
  i do n't see the need for a carrier in the arctic as it is in reach of land based aircraft . 
  all talk no action . 
  she also declared multikulti dead a decade ago . 
  has done absolutely nothing to live up to this statement . 
  russia should rather concentrate on carries the size of the cdg instead of such a gigantic behemoth . 
  40 planes is more than enough . 
   its distinctive `` ski jump '' prow is an admission of technological defeat looking at you , great britain !, 
  stupid prei\u00dfn and their abstaktionsprinzip . 
   he was a topgun instructor was he flying dangerously close to the control tower ? 
  scandinavian laws seem to be greater . 
  jurist have to make a living . 
  ronaldo here knows his shit . 
  to make sure neptunereach still does n't understand a thing : austria 's abgb predates the pandestic system and uses the old roman law segregation method instead , which is divided in three parts : persons , things and actions . 
  abgb mate . 
  heretics !, 
  [ arrestor cable snap feel good video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkgptrid3ig ), 
  just imagine the difference between soft landings on endlessly long runways and basically controlled crashes on the surface of a moving ship . 
  so they are now testing which of them is floating better ? 
  for instance how property is being transfered . 
  under german and austrian law a legal transaction requires a title ( eg contract ) and a modus ( eg hand it over physically ) , whilst france does n't know this distinction . 
  when you sign a contract in france you are already the owner of whatever the contract is about . 
  in austria signing the contract does n't make you the owner yet ( you have a title claim ) until the item is actually handed over to you . 
  reason behind that is who bears the risk of the item getting damaged/lost/stolen . 
  for instance how property is being transfered . 
  under german and austrian law a transfer needs a title ( eg contract ) and a modus ( eg hand it over physically ) , whilst france does n't know this distinction . 
  interestingly the same can be said about trump , but still the smart hillary voters somehow are way poorer than the stupid trump supporters . 
  how so ? 
  there is absolutely no proof for this claim . 
  poland played no role at all . 
  brexit maybe , van der bellen and his people played the hofer = \u00d6xit card very hard . 
  i hate seeing pictures of italy . 
  always makes me want to drop everything and just drive down there . 
  looks like somebody should tell the supreme electoral council that : http://www.ysk.gov.tr/ysk/content/conn/yskucm/path/contribution%20folders/haberdosya/2014cb-kesin-416_a_yurtici.pdf, 
  so he did not get ober 51 % at the last presidential election ? 
  not even then . 
  let 's not kid ourselves . 
  a huge islamic country has no place in europe . 
  no , but you can always learn from mistakes . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  internal flight alternatives ( most of ukraine is no warzone ) prevent this from happening . 
  well yeah , when germany joined they just slaughtered millions of people . 
  the eec of 1973 was n't a political union like the eu is today and abortion is n't a human right . 
  1973 ireland would never be allowed to join the eu today and for the reason turkey wo n't either . 
  holy fuck , you 're full of shit . 
  those dark green areas along the russian coast were n't expected . 
  they make sense when you think about it , but still ... 
  the last german soldier died over 4 years ago on the battlefield and operations like isaf was an unique experience for the german military . 
  german soldiers are hardly ever subject to any fighting . 
  ptsd is not a major issue that affects the combat readiness of the bundeswehr . 
  stop bringing up these moot points when the main issue is that you wo n't live up to the obligations you signed up for . 
  they had it coming , tbf . 
  and they should . 
  eu has absolutely no business regulating gun ownership . 
  classic case for eu regulatory overreach , completely disregarding its own fundamental principle of subsidiarity . 
  ptsd from what ? 
  bundeswehr is n't involved in any fighting around the world and the other issues , you are addressing , are not lowering the troop 's combat ability . 
  no proper gear on the other hand does . 
  given that most of your proplems in the military are down to underfunding , yes , it is quite that easy . 
  no shit , mate ? 
   it is an open secret that germany ~ ~ will not be able ~ ~ is n't willing to reach the target . 
  the spd was stating the obvious . 
  fyp . 
  that will teach her . 
  so it is not just me . 
  on the average , bill gates and me combined are both billionaires . 
  oberkrainer buddies 4 live . 
  you just jelly that slovenia is now confirmed member of the germanic tribe . 
  as you said , they did it with chalk and not spray paint . 
  hardly the same thing . 
  should be arrested for criminal property damage . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  if anything , freedom of speech should be extended in europe instead of being constantly narrowed down . 
  are you for real , sweetheart ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  the taxi service must be extremely expensive , that 's why i am asking . 
  no way is this being financed through small donations by someone 's nan . 
  worth investigating , since it could very well be a foreign power like russia . 
  or what ? 
  there is literally nothing russia can do to harm the usa . 
  it 's because of their picturesque coastline , of course . 
  * do n't look away . 
  father will know if you do . 
  who 's actually funding msf ? 
  dalmatia is lava !, 
  you ca n't spell france without protectionism . 
  foreigners are also paying through gas taxes . 
  i thought that was us ? 
  and also the reason why the refuse policemen on board .
