  well how did orwell put it : those voting for corrupt politicians are not victims but accomplices . 
  at no point in time was austria a major player in tax evasion , whilst the netherlands are the biggest tax avoidance facilitators in the world . 
  our banking secret has privacy reasons as the government has no business knowing what 's going on there , for the same reason they have no business knowing what 's going on in your house unless there are clear indications that you committed a crime . 
  you are comparing apples and battleships . 
  it is only a global problem because countries like the uk and netherlands joined and accelerated the taxation race to the bottom . 
  the british have the same ip-box regime in place , therefore i do n't pity them one bit for coming up short on taxes . 
  80 % of royalties income is exempted from dutch taxation ... 
  which is why they earn less . 
  eu data is bs . 
  see here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5aqxgv/romania_has_the_lowest_gender_pay_gap_in_eu/d9ilxc1/, 
  no wonder . 
  the less developed a nation is the more women work in areas that are typical for men , whilst the women in the highly developed nations go back to feminised ( hairdresser , secretary and the lot ) jobs and working part time . 
  the pay gap in reality is a working hour gap . 
  so non ? 
  great news . 
  now deport their asses . 
  i suppose many are involved in smuggeling drugs to other countries . 
  what a nasty woman . 
  sign at the bottom , please !, 
  should i read it before ? 
  nah , just technical stuff , not really important . 
  just sign here . 
  only the english version : https://twitter.com/isabruss/status/793147549909655552, 
  maybe v4 should give a return ultimatum . 
  no getting your financial household in order , yes treaty violation procedure . 
  and yet , the kurds live there way longer than the state of turkey . 
  comparing apples to battleships here . 
  luxembourg uses patent income deductions , so yes . 
  bust please . 
  spicy . 
  not because the supreme court accepted his excuse of the sexual emergency ( they would n't ) , but because the lower court failed to properly find the facts . 
  he 'll be retrialed and sentenced to 6 years again . 
  fake , nobody has that many potato . 
  not the unions , but the works council . 
  participation  confrontation . 
  also the reason why germans strike significantly less . 
  we back , baby !, 
  how is it in the interest of the * people * of germany that vw gets away with rigging emission tests and making sure there wo n't be any lower emission standards again ? 
  and do n't say jobs , because those are not depending on how much the car companies get to polute the planet . 
  we can into visegrad . 
  the way merkel and her peers in the government are shielding the germany car industry has nothing to do with common sense ( to this point nobody was able to make the case , why stricter emission standards would cause thousands of german employees to lose their jobs ) , but making sure your biggest financial contributors get what they want . 
  germany has the by far largest voting power in the council and they used this voting power to `` soften '' emission goals . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/bought-by-bmw-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-forced-on-to-defensive-over-700000-donation-from-8884777.html http://www.reuters.com/article/us-volkswagen-emissions-germany-politics-iduskcn0rq0bu20150926 http://www.politico.eu/article/merkels-volkswagen-vw-scandal-car-industry-ceo-winterkorn/ it 's just pure coincidence that merkel 's government made sure no tougher eu regulations on emissions were passed last year . 
  the same bmw ( and the rest of the automotive industry ) that basically tells merkel what to do for almost a decade now ? 
  but it was n't against russia ( of course it was ) . 
  i agree . 
  also this hate speech bs has gone way too far anyway . 
  and the nazis killed lot of their own as well . 
  night of the long knives and so on ... 
  you can have her then . 
  the wrong asumption of tolerance , yes , europe 's doom . 
  i am all for saving their asses , when it goes hand in hand with shipping them back to africa in the same instance . 
  but this is not the case right now , so it only gives an insentive to others to make the deadly trip as well . 
  europe can not be the solution to africa 's unhealthy population boom . 
  even better would be a camp in africa . 
  no , since we have been the nearest safe country for them . 
   let them all drown in the meditaranian ? 
  yes . 
  well , could have been worse , vlad . 
  at least you were n't called a son of a whore . 
  power and money . 
  bitches love that . 
   the weakest growth is in italy and france , austria . 
  the countries with literally no austerity measures in place . 
  this is no coincident . 
  this one looks very much like an sm3 standard though . 
  what austerity ? 
  state expenses are at an all time high . 
  countries like austria , italy and france have done fuck all to get their budgets under control ... just die already , keynes !, 
  if you want to make a difference , germany would have to put boots on the ground , but that obviously wo n't happen . 
  you 're an eu member nevertheless . 
  of course the whole block would respond if russia was to declare war on finland . 
  with old su-24 fighter bombes , yes , but not su-27 fighters . 
  i have never seen such a video . 
  how so ? 
  turkey gained absolutely nothing from that . 
  most likely going to happen . 
  i like that saying very much . 
  the asshole by a longshot . 
  i know what this guy stands for . 
  hillary will stand for whatever the highest bidder wants . 
  well yes , but you can not just say that therefore he is worse than hillary . 
  she might be corrupt as fuck and directly responsible for the death of i do n't know how many people , but that is nothing compared to trump being a jerk at some point . 
  i sure hope she 's being trialed as an accessory to mass murder . 
  pretty sure you forgot about poland !, 
  right . 
  the ruling class would be even more ruthless if it were up to the saudi people , which is why the western governments want to keep them in place . 
  fuck them and their savage backward ass country . 
  poor guy . 
  you do n't really need tcas when you have active radar yourself . 
  what makes it ius cogens ? 
  the practice of roughly 99 % of all the countries in the world . 
  i mean there is literally no country in the world that does n't recognise the unclos , even the usa do despite never ratifying it . 
  where does this derive from ? 
  the context of the statute . 
  typical case of argumentum a maiore ad minus as the unclos places a positive duty to rescue those people on the state of libya . 
  in the context of this wide statute , it would make no sense at all if this duty would not come along with the obligation to let those people disembark at the nearest port in your country . 
  what else would you do with them ? 
  throw them back into the sea ? 
  also foreign ships have the right to navigate in your coastal waters as long as it is an innocent passage .
