normally those that can spell out words are quite rare and mostly taken . 
  you will probably end up with some nonsense . 
  if you want a specific plate you need to pay 10 $ more if it is available . 
  i think he was talking sarcastically . 
  the correct german term would be invasionszeit with the s between the two words , 
  thanks . 
  years of practicing my english skills on the internet and by playing video games in english really improved my skills in contrast to school . 
  i was n't that good at grammar but luckily i am now even able to understand and comprehend scientific papers on biology . 
  so practicing is the real key to become good at something . 
  a real pity that i 'm so lazy . . 
  yes it is over . 
  i do n't know if they will put it up on youtube but probably in parts on the [ channel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucibaddabglfdes33shmld0a ) . 
  the beginning was a bit slow with all the politicians talking but then it got interesting with the presentation of the things they know about the comet and why they approach it like that . 
  but it seems that there will be a follow up presentation of the science in one hour . 
  i apologize for the harsh dismemberment of the english language by my fellow countrymen . 
  high-jacking my top comment here is a link to the video of the stream posted by / u/dayt http://www.esa.int/spaceinvideos/videos/2014/08/rosetta_arrives_at_comet_67p_c-g, 
  the horror !, 
  good that i stepped in and saved you from stopping to procrastinate with my procrastination , 
  there is a gray area in germany . 
  herbal remedies marketed as homeopathy and what not . 
  the dilution is not always d30 , aka true homeopathic medicine but often you see d4-6 medicine . 
  so medicine with a few particles of active agent left . 
  what i see it is a mixture between true homeopathy and herbal remedies used interchangeably and used to claim the effectiveness of each other . 
  i actually try to but my 1 vote is not enough . 
  my problem are n't big projects like the airport or the concert hall in hamburg . 
  my problem is the absolute horrendous incompetence of the politicians involved . 
  the political groups over viewing this project always try to get the project done with half the money needed to finish it good . 
  they hire incompetent architects instead of reliable ones and are unwilling to spend the required money until problems arise due to the underfunding and hiring of imbeciles . 
  then the project gets more expensive than the originally required amount of money to make the project into the finished project and with a 2-3 years time delay . 
  stuttgart 21 , ber and the elbphilharmonie come to mind . 
  they always fucked something up big time because they were unwilling to do it right and always did a miserable job . 
  the politicians involved should all be fired and never be allowed back into politics for incompetence . 
  that was my opinion too . 
  i found the rhetoric a little bit too polemic and useless in bringing forth the original news . 
  it would have been better without the needless ranting . 
  but i can understand that the tensions are high from someone inside the ukraine towards apologetic people of putins politics . 
  i would like a europe-wide anti-fraud prosecutor . 
  they should be able to even prosecute politicians when they are involved in such things . 
  i think they also should be harsher on lobbying which i regard as some kind of legal bribery . 
  and they should ban side jobs for politicians . 
  that would thin out the ranks a lot and would regain a little bit of trust into politics i think . 
  i would love to have such a nice view of the andromeda galaxy by night . 
  i think he wanted to specify that the serbian nationalists tried to do that , not all of the serbs . 
  they were pretty much ignorant to facts and reasoning and engaged in the same thinking you did . 
  he said something against the serbs who raged in that thread and seemed unapologetic about the ethnic cleansings and tried to justify it by saying : `` but they did war crimes too '' . 
  that is not an attack against all serbs , but against individuals who think like that . 
  you seem to be reasonable in contrast to the other individuals in that specific thread . 
  so do n't confuse criticism of individual serbs , which in this case was highly justified , with criticism of all serbs . 
  so do n't generalise and presume victimhood when nobody is seeking to harm you . 
  well if our current chancellor herself was the one fudging the process of finding competent solutions for the nuclear waste problem i do n't see a way for this political will to occur . 
  what all the nuclear fanboys in this thread forget is the inherent waste problem and cost of nuclear energy they tend to overlook . 
  we do n't know a good way to store nuclear waste away for 200000 years . 
  you have to calculate this cost into the energy production too . 
  you ca n't just gloss over the fact that nuclear energy produces tons of waste which can not be stored safely away at this point in time . 
  we could do it like the americans and british and shoot the depleted uranium at our enemies but we choose not to . 
  the same goes with fracking . 
  we decided that we do n't want to risk our environment by pumping cancerous chemicals into the ground with high pressure , without knowing any long term effects this may cause . 
  so we import most of our gas from the russians . 
  and up until recently this was a simple solution . 
  we could build liquid gas ports so we could import our gas without pipelines but that infrastructure has to be build first . 
  i gave you an upvote to compensate for the downvote . . 
  yes they surely have forgotten germany . 
  i would also agree that the language courses should be mandatory for normal immigrants , but they should be supported while on the way to the minimum of required assimilation to their land of destination . 
  and we should find a way to counter the ghettoization by not putting them all into one huge building like they normally do here in germany . 
  we should scatter them a little bit more so they are able/a little bit forced to get to know the local population and are not horded with hundreds of other immigrants into one building complex . 
  those are not optimal conditions for integration and assimilation but are a breeding ground for resentment of the local population and are always programmed to bring forth conflicts . 
  it 's sometimes hard to find the right formulated words which you know in your mother tongue but you ca n't express correctly in a foreign language . 
  i was n't so sure with that formulation either , 
  there are many unknown entities with this mission left . 
  what consistency is on the landing spot regarding the landing gear . 
  will it sink it or bounce back . 
  i hope it is going to make it though . 
  yes . 
  sadly you 're correct . 
  the ministry of defense does everything to support our german weapon producers . 
  even when their army complains about the failures in their weapons they buy them for the army to support the company . 
  i had the same thing when there was the revolution in libya . 
  they were all carrying an g36 which they found in ghadafis weapon stash . 
  our government sold the license to the saudis and they sell it without any ethical consideration . 
  so much this . 
  here exclusive series along the kachelmann prozess was one of the worst reports ever . 
  she threw away the foundation of justice , innocent until proven guilty and the disregard of doubtful evidence . 
  she is the cornerstone of what is very sadly wrong with certain feminists . 
  one only has to look to spain to see what happens when we toss away those foundations and give woman the right to accuse anyone without any evidence . 
  you deserve a hug for this . 
  now i only need a proper way to memorize the balkan and i 'm fine , 
  thanks for the link . 
  the similarity is really uncanny . 
  interesting inside into the making of our hymn . 
  and that , ladies and gentleman is all that is to learn about the holocaust . 
  thanks for putting it so nicely into words , 
  if you can , i would highly recommend the bundeswehr . 
  you need to be a german citizen though . 
  but i read it as you are one so that hurdle is done . 
  as to language capabilities i do n't know how strict they are with that . 
  but they are short on recruits especially for lower ranks , so they are maybe willing to take you if you are willing to serve 4 or 8 years . 
  4 years service grants you the right to a small job training in an area you like . 
  8 years grants you a greater job training in an area you like . 
  so you are not serving actual 8 years but the last years you get to have a journeyman degree at the end . 
  and we are pretty pacifistic so you wo n't end up on a lot of wars and such .
