yep , it is history . 
  so what ? 
  how does it applies to my statement ? 
  anyway , you really think that your country could handle the german occupation by itself ? 
  sure i did . 
  terrible traitors . 
  they have no right to be called russians . 
  and their crimes will be remembered forever . 
  [ assassination of the russian opposition leader boris nemtsov ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assassination_of_boris_nemtsov ) . 
  it is believed that the leader of chechnya sent his mercenaries to kill nemtsov to please putin . 
  it is already proven that killers was from chechnya , but who sent them is still a mystery , despite that they were caught . 
  in russia we have our own officials with some weird comments after the belgium attacks . 
  i even heard a point of view that those attacks was a lesson for europe for the lack of cooperation with russian secret service . 
  and they are still at their positions . 
  i still ca n't believe , how the latvian and ukrainian nationalists could fight on the fascist side , participate in ghetto assault and kill jews . 
  i have no idea what grandsons of that bastards think about their grandfathers . 
  wow !, 
  very interesting charts !, 
  thanks for the link !, 
  stupid capitalists !, 
  next time we 'll violate your airspace with our rockets !, 
  sincerely yours , mr. putin . 
  i do n't want to sound racist , but southern europeans do n't want to work at all . 
  they have a siesta break for 3 hours !, 
  it 's almost unbelievable in russia to stop you business for 3 hours in the middle of the day just to rest !, 
  i spend some time in belgium and netherlands , and they are real hard workers , so the have a low unemployment rate !, 
  also situation in bosnia is easily explainable . 
  the country was destroyed by the war not long ago , and they had no time to rebuild their economy ( hello nato !, 
  ) , especially under the eu rules and prices . 
  about bulgaria . 
  my coworker 's husband lives in bulgaria . 
  he says their unemployment skyrocketed after the joined the eu . 
  high priced made them to work abroad and left the country wasted in economical and social spheres . 
  i doubt that that is the reason . 
  russian army is still weaker than nato and as we can see western countries can easily destroy our economy . 
  the main reason of such an attitude is just in the spheres of the influence . 
  europe is our neighbor and russia historically is aimed to control the closest territories . 
  great britain is no more great after the ww2 , and the biggest concurrent for russia for the last 100 years is the us . 
  they control europe and many other regions , and they really do not want to give up their influence over the `` colonies '' . 
  that 's why the us spreads the tension in europe . 
  i still think that the world should live all together , without any alliances against each other . 
  i prefer us and russia to be cracked in a few different regions/countries , so they could loose their imperial ambitions and live just for themselves . 
  are n't you live in a constitutional society ? 
  british have a court which should decide whether cameron is guilty or not . 
  unlike russia , you have an independent judges , so there are no reasons to protest . 
  well , i think it should be like in newspapers . 
  in russia in the most controversial articles in newspapers is written `` author 's opinion could may different from the newspapers crew '' . 
  so it means that it 's just his point of view . 
  so the opinion of a minister may be different , unless he is not a prime or foreign minister . 
  you just do n't have enough muslims in canada . 
  in russia we have our own muslim regions and i can clearly see their silent approval of all the attacks on the western countries . 
  it 's quite popular now to talk about the muslim diversity and that there are only few percent of extremists among the lawful and good muslims . 
  but i can see that a lot of muslims support every attack and really think that all that victims deserved to die . 
  their media reaction is absolutely different to what they really think . 
  and one more thing . 
  the current terrorist threat was grown by the ussr and the us during the cold war . 
  they supported a wild tribes with money and weapons as a part of the program of spreading their influence on middle east . 
  it 's not a conspiracy theory and now we have to solve what we created many years ago . 
  why does he have to resign ? 
  what about the freedom of thoughts and speech ? 
  is n't it a guaranteed right of every minority to represent themselves in a country 's government ? 
  if someone is disagree with his point of view his party just will not be reelected next time . 
  in russia we have such kind of politicians with almost fascist speeches , but the are never elected in our parliament ( thanks to our fake elections we always know who will win ) ) . 
  sure !, 
  because ukrainian government ca n't confess that they are killing their own people . 
  it is much easier to talk about killed russian soldiers instead of ex-ukrainians . 
  revolution is allays a threat for dissent part of the nation . 
  we saw it many times from france to russia or african countries . 
  i am pretty sure that rebellion could stop after the few days without the russian support , but many people could be killed by the ukranian nationalistic troops . 
  they was killed anyway , but with the guns in their hands . 
  sadly , but true . 
  you realy think that people of donbas are siting at home while evil russian troopla are killing innocent ukranian soldiers ? ), 
  it 's a civil war with the russian support for the one side of the conflict . 
  the war between two parts of the country . 
  you really think that the only force on the east is the russian military forces ? ) ), 
  we have a lot of volunteers and maybe some troops there . 
  i know guys who fought there . 
  they was fighting on the checkpoint with the real donbas people . 
  and most of the rebels are from donbas really . 
  what is the difference between revolts in donbas and kiev ? 
  civil war is just a consequence of what happened in kiev in 2014 . 
  russia suffered the same in 1917 during their own revolution , when western part of the country was fighting against the eastern part . 
  i do n't defend putin 's position in supporting the eastern rebels . 
  i really sure that most part of the rebels are small criminals and russian volunteers ( i know few guys who went to donbas from russia just to shoot someone for fun ) and they are jerks . 
  but just the same thing with ukraine forces . 
  they shoot innocent women and children and huge part of ukrainians really think that donbas people do not deserve to live . 
  civil wars are always a disaster , and they always affect innocent people . 
  no one cares about children , when billions of dollars and influence are the main price for the winner . 
  criminals from both sides are trying to grab as much power as they can by the cost of human lifes . 
  i repeat again - it 's not a threat , but a warning . 
  poor countries , just like poor people are the most dangerous . 
  especially with such proud and unpredictable president . 
  look at the north korea for example . 
  and anyway , you really think , that mutual nuclear strike between us and russia will not touch europe ? 
  i 'd love to see such news about russian officials in our media ... 
  it is not a threat , it 's just a warning . 
  in case of the nuclear war all defense systems will become primary targets . 
  russia has it 's anti-missile systems on it 's own territory . 
  but us puts under risk whole eu by placing there it 's anti-missiles . 
  that 's the case .
