  it would n't be the first time i have met anyone like that . ), 
  and have managed to make up for it in a period of 70 years or so . 
  before you attempt to misconstrue my words or base your argument off of the idea that i am defending soviet crimes , allow me to make things clear . 
  i am anti-communist to the core and have always resented the soviet union no matter what amazing contributions it has made to humanity . 
  as for your other comment , which gave me brain damage . 
   ** in history we tried to walk with russia many times . 
  but they never wanted to work together . 
  its always `` serve us or die '' . 
  and they are surprised we dont like that ... 
  no you have not . 
  twice in history you have tried to destroy russia . 
  once with the lithuanians and once with napoleon . 
  it is also because of polish and mongol aggression that rus was separated into several states . 
  ( russia has been trying to unfuck this for centuries . ), 
  so no , you have never tried to `` walk with russia '' . 
  in fact , poland is considered to be our mortal enemy by many historians . 
  we have been fighting wars for centuries . 
  the only time you ever `` walked with us '' was ww2 and a few instances of war with sweden . 
  now that you are capable of making your own decisions ( until the americans throw a leash on you too ) you have resorted back to traditional polish attempts at opposing everything russia does and claims to be . 
  when typing your response , just remember who built you that grand palace in the middle of warsaw . 
  edit : the main point of my original post was to convey to people that the reason why russians get so upset over this is because it represents the ultimate sacrifice ordinary people gave to prevent the extinction of their nation and neighboring nations . 
  most people in russia , like in poland or eastern europe , lost someone . 
  those monuments are a memorial to them , not to stalin or communism . 
  to deface and destroy them is not erasing soviet past . 
  ( even russia has repeatedly done that ) its erasing the memory of the people who gave up everything to keep their own safe . 
  its dishonorable . 
  this is why women should n't smoke crack when they are pregnant, 
  lmao , if it was half-russian it would n't be independent and called latvia . 
  use wikipedia is a usefool tool . 
  over 60 percent of latvia is ethnic latvian . 
  if that is the case , then it should be removed . 
  however , there are many much more notable instances of baltic states and poland destroying or tearing down monuments to soviet soldiers . 
  so the point still stands . 
  let me explain this to you , as you obviously do not understand anything about ethnicity and identification . 
  first off - latvians are a baltic people who speak a baltic language . 
  russians are a slavic people , who speak a slavic language . 
  thousands of years ago , these languages were actually the same . 
  ( the same could be said for italic languages and celtic ) now they are not . 
  latvians are nothing like russians . 
  russians are nothing like latvians . 
  we are orthodox , they are protestant . 
  we speak russian , they speak latvian . 
  ( not mutually intelligible . ), 
  we have completely different ethnic origins as well , different tribes came together to create different groups . 
  the idea that latvia is russian or belongs to russia because of some mixed marriages in history is absolutely bullshit . 
  when the slavs migrated eastwards , many finno-ugric people like mordvins and iranian people like sarmartians intermarried and were assimilated by the slavs . 
  that does n't mean we belong to fucking finland or iran . 
  30 percent of latvia is russian-speaking . 
  the absolute majority of them being east slavs . 
  the mixed marriages you talk about is a recent phenomenon . 
  before soviet union , these rarely occurred due to religious differences . 
  as you should probably know , russians are orthodox while latvians are protestant . 
  latvia is a separate country because the majority are not russian , do not speak russian , and are not orthodox . 
  they are a completely different people . 
  if half the population were ethnic russians , latvia would simply be a republic in russia . 
  you need to stop thinking in terms of western racial concepts , because that is not how ethnic groups or reality works . 
  theres no one-drop rule in eastern europe . 
  its actually 30 percent russian speakers , if you include the 100,000 russophone ukrainians and belarusians . 
  no its not fair or the same . 
  the red army was not a genocidal organization tasked with mass killings and extermination . 
  there is no honour in fighting for such a group , no matter how you try and frame it . 
  that is why most of europe sees it as distasteful . 
  whats even worse is that you have the audacity to hold those parades and defend them with 30 percent of your population being slavic . 
  do you have idea what that looks like to an outsider ? 
  its also a bit ironic , considering the fact that the third reich was planning a genocide of latvians . 
  holodomor had nothing to do with the red army . 
  did n't even take place during ww2 , and throwing in the genocide term before there is even a historical consensus just to `` strengthen '' your argument is pretty funny . 
  katyn massacre is not genocide . 
  learn what the term genocide means , you obviously do n't know . 
   still living in soviet lie that '' they were good guys '' huh ??? 
  they were the same as germans , in latvia soviets killed more civilians than nazi germany did . 
  first off , i never said they were and i never denied that soviet union committed crimes . 
  ** thats a strawman argument . 
  ** soviet union did kill more baltic people during ww2 , only because the germans were never given the opportunity . 
  according generalplan ost , half of latvians were due for extermination with the rest being germanized . 
  stop acting as if they were somehow better , under them you would n't exist . 
   so how dare you demand that locals here treat them as some sort of '' heroes '' or '' ` liberators '' ?? 
  ? if you believe that bullshit fine , dont force it on others who have experienced this sort of thing first hand and know what they are talking about . 
  i never fucking did . 
  where do you get this shit , are you just pulling it out of your ass ? 
  i never said any of this . 
  you have quite the imagination . 
  looking at your account , its obvious that you are some kind of anti-russian agenda-poster . 
  nearly all of your posts are political in nature and make references to negative aspects of russia . 
  you also seem to post a lot of pro-ukrainian media in places like / r/combatfootage , / r/militaryporn , etc. 
  starting flamewars is obviously your thing , but i have to be honest . 
  if you are resorting to petty strawman arguments and imagination in order to strengthen your argument , then you are doing a pretty shitty job at it . 
  wait , was that the performance ? 
  i get the feeling chris would be the kind of wolf that would just break into the homes and stab the pigs to death with a stiletto . 
  goddammit op i just fapped . 
  * sigh *, 
   gravity-drop, 
  how else would you fucking drop something ? 
  the fuck ? 
  actually got banned from there . 
  ca n't come up with a response lmao , you latvian nationalists are only hot-blooded until someone shows up with cold-hard facts . 
  spamming sensationalist garbage on reddit , which is anti-scientific in nature , is not going to get someone to recycle or buy an electric car or even give a shit . 
  instead , le world is dying redditors should post abstracts or entire studies from scientific journals instead of yellow journalism . 
  you just make yourself look batshit . 
  like with having more children , there has to be financial incentive for people if you want them to start caring about the environment .
