  i have less than 50 games and i have played all of them . 
  during a steam sale i usually just pick up one or two games . 
  i will never understand why there are people who waste money on games that they never play . 
  thats just disturbing . 
  simulation of a human interviewing an edgy redditor would be a much more appropriate title . 
  i agree . 
  some suggest scopes , but issue is afaik dshkm doesnt have an optic like the m2 or nsv . 
  '' * i am a freethinker , i am an individual , therefore i do not believe in silly , archaic doctrines or follow established religion like the mindless sheep you all are . 
  * i am intellectually superior * '' - / u/source3original, 
  so will freelook be similar to arma ? 
  hold a button and be able to look around ? 
   is it okay to ignore your neighbour and do the stuff you want without even looking if it doesnt hurt a third party ? 
  this is coming from a country that borders russia and joined nato . 
  while i personally understand why poland did it , what you said here heavily applies to the baltic states . 
  its just painfully ironic to see that coming from a pole . 
  apparently you did n't get it , it sounds like you are n't very good at english and i dont speak polish . 
  this is the only way i can convey this to you . 
  you are saying that a state should not make decisions without taking into account the security and interests of its neighbors . 
  that is exactly what poland and baltic states did when they joined nato . 
  so to hear that coming from a pole - especially a pole with your opinions - is painfully ironic . 
  nato is an anti-russian alliance . 
  it was created to counter soviet union and proved its hostility to russia after soviet collapse . 
  nato can put soldiers 140 km away from the center of st. petersburg . 
  the thought of that is shocking to a lot of us . 
  estonia obviously never took into account its neighbors security when it joined nato , now you are criticizing russians for doing the same thing when it comes to pipelines . 
  now you are either fully misunderstanding what i am saying or you are building a strawman argument to attack . 
  i honestly ca n't tell . 
  i said nothing about ussr . 
  ill humour you and address your comments about ussr . 
  everyone was a slave , thats communism . 
  secondly , if it was n't for russians ( 70 percent of all causalities in red army were from russia ) poland would n't exist , and definetely would not have the land it has now if it wasnt for stalin . 
  ( developed german cities emptied and given to poland ) now im not saying red army did not do terrible things , it did . 
  however you poles are obviously never taught about the positive things . 
  id rather not continue that part of the conversation because its off-topic though . 
   the only way you comment makes sense is if you think that poland is a part of russia . 
  it has never been and it will never be . 
  and no , stop making things up . 
  thats just a childish thing to say , especially after i just told you i understand why poland joined nato . 
  do you understand what i 'm saying ? 
  you are being hypocritical . 
  wish i got paid to talk to downies like you . 
  would be nice . 
  im not saying he should be grateful . 
  i 'm saying he should n't focus so much on negative aspects of poland-ussr relations like most polish people do these days . 
  ( its part of official polish government policy towards history ), 
  they do it to all their neighbors as well , only focus on negative aspects of history . 
  if nazi germany won , poles and poland would n't exist . 
  ( no slavic nation would exist freely . 
  either slaves or exterminated ) if it was n't for stalin , szczecin , wroclaw , gdansk , and large swath of east prussia would not be part of polish homeland . 
  those parts of poland were hardly populated with poles , it was actually considered to be borderlands and poles had a very imperialistic mindset towards the whole region . 
  was never part of polish ethnic homeland , except maybe lviv . 
   by all the allies , not just stalin, 
  no it was not . 
  stalin was one who embraced the piast dynasty concept and one with control over those territories . 
  if stalin had not done that , poland would have gotten nothing in `` exchange '' . 
  you are saying that even if ussr did not defeat nazi germany , poland would still exist because america would destroy the continent with a fuckload of atomic bombs ? 
  ridiculous . 
  stop creating alternative lines of history and focus on what really happened . 
  if ussr , and russia included , had not defeated nazi germany then poland would simply not exist . 
  no slavic nation east of the oder would , i 'm sure you are aware of generalplan ost and nazi planned enslavement and extermination of slavic people . 
  if russian men in soviet army had not given their lives while pushing the nazis out of eastern europe we would n't be having this conversation . 
  period . 
  there would be no poland , russia , ukraine , or czech to speak of . 
  no baltic states either . 
  this is the one thing i can not stand about westerners . 
  always downplaying soviet victory in ww2 . 
  i especially can not stand americans , since they think they fucking won . 
  america would have sat on its little continent while germany exterminated half of europe . 
  you all act as if the second we crossed bug river , we enslaved everybody . 
   most of canada is n't populated by canadians , the us is moving into those areas . 
  oh wow , that sounds pretty stupid , huh ? 
  oh , and before you talk about a history of disputed border regions , that history also exists between the us and canada . 
  the us and canada fought a war over territory once upon a time , with the set objection being annex large swathes of canada . 
  poland was actively fighting against insurgent groups in kresy lands before mr pact . 
  they would have never been able to hold onto them in the first place , even if piludski implemented his utopian ideas . 
   the agreement was made between all the allies , just because one nation happened to accept a specific reasoning for it does n't mean that nation is alone responsible for the outcome . 
  hahaha , you think an agreement is the thing that compelled stalin to do that ? 
  if he did n't like it or had a bad feeling , it would have never happened . 
  ussr was the only country that held power there . 
  allies would have done nothing and said nothing if it never happened . 
  good , i would n't wipe my ass with that game . 
  would the bmp-3 be too op as an ifv ? 
  if people stopped fucking abandoning vehicles it would be a lot better . 
  well ... thats like ... your opinion man, 
  you can see in the description what they exactly do . 
  they are a spin-off group of stop a douchebag movement . 
  im not sure how to describe them , cosplayer was the only word i can think of . 
  they are all just a bunch of cringy drunk idiots wearing silly costumes and masks . 
  perhaps you dont understandn . 
  in the 90s drinking in public and drunks in public was a massive problem and most people fear this coming back due to economic downturns . 
  government has done lots of things in the last 10 years to stop this from occurring but it still happens occassionally in large cities other than moscow and on holidays . 
  russian police are also either very lazy or very corrupt . 
  if you are caucasian for example the likelihood of you getting pulled over or stopped by a cop demanding a bribe is pretty high . 
  someone has got to do it . 
   also , got ta love that patriotic shoutout to the russian soldiers annexing donbass . 
  please stop spreading kremlin propoganda op . 
  the guy is a drunk idiot . 
  and you accuse me of spreading propaganda ? 
  this is ridiculous , i just thought the video was cringy so i shared it . 
  according to your logic , everyone who has posted stopham videos on here are all kremlin shills .
