  you know many of them are members of nashi right ? 
  they are not trying to stop people from drinking in general . 
  they are n't prohibitionists . 
  they are trying to stop people from drinking in public areas like parks and squares , because it is against the law . 
  call of duty advanced warfare would become a reality, 
  masturbate ? 
  interstellar, 
  an mg34 in the game would fit perfectly with a german faction that could later be added . 
  its not about solving alcoholism its about keeping alcoholics from getting drunk as fuck in public places and fucking up everyone elses day . 
  give it 4 months . 
  i 'm sure . 
  even if it is at night , it is still against the law . 
  rule of law is important and in many countries including russia sometimes it does n't exist . 
  what are you ? 
  some kind of hippie ? 
  confirmed hippie libertarian . 
  say no more mr. paul . 
  squad leaders that force their squads to keep attacking points by not leading them and placing rallys ahead of the defense points ought to be taken out in the woods at night and shot in the back the head / s, 
  you people are all the same to me man . 
  this girl does not have a medical condition , according to what she has said in videos linked in here . 
  she is obviously suffering from an extreme case of anorexia and needs to seek medical attention immediately . 
  recovering anorexic people do have a hard time eating normal amounts of food on a daily basis , and it can even become extremely painful and lead to days of nothing but vomiting . 
  cant go to the police when they dont do their fucking jobs . 
  mind your own business when those individuals are violating laws and participating in a nation-wide hated `` past time '' . 
  its the people drinking who should stick to their own residence . 
  if they want to party and shit up a place then do it at your own flat . 
  do n't go to fucking bolotnaya square and do it . 
  oh , whats english term for a condition having to do with physical body and not the mind ? 
  ( anorexia nervosa is a psychiatric disorders ), 
  welcome to the alpha . 
  he has a locked i5 6000 series . 
  thats actually a pretty good cpu for gaming . 
  want me to blow smoke up your ass instead and tell you everything is going to be okay ? 
  your computer has found another man buddy . 
  its time to move on . 
  this is a carnivore 's world , you 're just living in it . 
  karen is gone . 
  theres plenty of prebuilts on newegg man . 
  that joke flew right over your head . 
  that title is edgy af, 
  do n't you have to go to work or something ? 
  excuse me ? 
  north ? 
  who let you decide what makes north and what makes south ? 
  thats directionist , you shitlord . 
   ironx is a loser, 
  is it hard being a savage ? 
  are you that guy that starts off every round by saying `` assuhhdude '' if so , suh dude, 
  i agree . 
  if you think jaywalking and getting drunk in the middle of a public center in moscow at night is some how equivalent or carry the same legal and societal weight than you should be strapped to an old couch and thrown off a cliff . 
  thanks op , now i 'm going to get a ton of indian crap on my recommended page . 
  pip would rape and impregnate my fps so no please ... just no . 
  i 'd smash, 
  are you saying . . we could create a masterrace among platforms through controlled breeding of fps ? 
  how does the mood of a bunch of hormonal teenage girls in the uk constitute worldnews ? 
  is this just a sub to whore magical points that do nothing ? 
  not the brightest person are you vranak ? 
  read the rules in the sidebar and stop shitposting . 
   let 's class it up a little shall we . 
  go le stab yourself with le dirty le heroin needles, 
  / r/worldnews thread discussing the end of the life as we know it due to global warming # 6473, 
  just imagine the number of gaming youtubers who might be affected by stupid shit like this . 
  they almost all universally use excessive amounts of profanity . 
  looks like he regularly browses reddit . 
  so here is the issue with this . 
  baltic nations see monuments as signs of soviet domination , repression , and occupation . 
  russians , belarusians , etc see these monuments as symbols of the peoples struggle and familial loss . 
  its hard to find someone in russia , belarus , or ukraine that did n't lose family members to nazi invasion . 
  destroying and defacing them is nothing but a hard cold slap in the face to many in former soviet countries . 
  personally . 
  i do n't take massive offence to it , because i can understand the other perspective on things . 
  however , i just find it silly that baltic states and poland do things like this ( on top of all of the other geopolitical and language issues ) and act surprised when the government is hostile to them . 
  go ahead and rip down the monuments , just do n't expect us to blow political smoke up your ass and treat you with kindness . 
   dude . 
  you guys went in a murder frenzy over your neighbours . 
  your country killed and enslaved milions of us . 
  yes , with poland and we have repeatedly apologized for katy\u0144 and deportations . 
  do you know how many times that movie has been showed on government channels ? 
  i could write the transcript from memory . 
  and no , we did not `` enslave '' anyone . 
  you call being a satellite state enslavement ? 
  then i guess germans and japanese have been enslaved by the americans for decades now . 
  learn the meaning and connotation behind the words you use before making silly exaggerations . 
  and we did not kill `` millions '' of eastern europeans . 
  perhaps a few hundred thousand were killed all across eastern europe ( poland especially ) during ww2 due to soviet repression . 
  ( same kind everyone in the soviet union experienced . ), 
  just an fyi , many of those poor little eastern european states you talk about assisted in a war of extermination against russian people in soviet union . 
  states like romania , hungary , and bulgaria got off easy , being `` slaves '' . 
   virtually no one expects nothing from you , beside hatred and violence . 
  if you could , you would do that again , right now - just like you try in ukraine . 
  ah yes , we are inherently barbaric now ? 
  good to know that polish opinion of everyone east of the bug river has n't changed in over a thousand years . 
  whats even more pathetic is the fact that you base your assessment of the situation in ukraine on preconceived notions and age-old stereotypes instead of facts on the ground . 
  you pay no attention to the political history of ukraine , the unfolding of events , or the demographics of the country . 
  instead you just blame everything on the `` russian barbarism '' you ramble about . 
  its surprising , i would expect a polish person to be able to relate due to things like volyn , but i guess previous government 's version of history has done its job . 
   it would take hundreds of years to repay all the wrong you did to eastern europe . 
  we dont want to know you . 
  germany did much worse . 
  ( i hope you realize that , i would n't be surprised if a person like you acted as an apologist for their crimes just to inflate the significance of soviet crimes .
