  you have to keep refreshing the list just to get to the server with the right kind of properties . 
  ( aas , sub-100 ping , etc ) . 
  it kind of becomes a chore especially for people who do not live in the united states or western europe . 
  ( like me ), 
  have you actually played the game post-update ? 
  the new claim system actually helps categorize squads . 
  almost every match i have joined there are logistics squads dedicated to simply claiming logistics trucks and driving them . 
  `` theres no chance of dedicated squads '' could not be further from the actual truth lol . 
  without a claim system , imagine random players from other squads jumping in a logi truck and driving into combat leaving the actual squad dedicated to logistics stuck at main . 
  ban the cripples, 
  op , you are on an english website . 
  we speak english on here . 
  if i wanted to type messages and discuss things in russian id go to vk , 2ch , or pikabu or something . 
  i come here so i can speak english and stay fluent in the language . 
  if they are so afraid of us , they should take their country and push it somewhere else . 
  uh , i already bought it . 
  i dont regret my purchase i just disagree with the way they went about things . 
  many civil war songs were stolen from the whites . 
  what about the eu ? 
  fucks sake , why did hitler have to kill himself ? 
  random fatal error crashes still going on , albeit not as frequent . 
  its pretty game-breaking atm . 
  relations will go back to the way they were before the intervention in syria . 
  ( pipelines , no more sanctions , more economic projects ) . 
  this is just detente . 
  anything beyond that would undermine our allies and would be very shameful . 
  the turks can not be trusted , no matter what may come out of erdogan 's snake mouth . 
  edgy, 
  ive been getting this stupid error since the alpha came out . 
  usually after i have exited the game . 
  yea . 
  now i can actually see people on gorodok and operation whatever, 
  at this point , all you guys really need to do is refine and add more content correct ? 
  seems as if you have pretty much laid the foundation for a full game after the implementation of vehicles and a logistics system . 
  always have the front of the technical facing the enemy and communicate with infantry to prevent your gunner from being shot in his side . 
  i cant tell you how many times i have sniped a techy gunner from his side . 
  when driving an armed vehicle or apc , do everything the gunner tells you to do . 
  gunner 's field of view is not impaired like the driver 's . 
  make sure at least the gunner has a mic , and talk in squad chat because the vehicle itself is usually louder than local chat . 
  i got banned from 2 servers for harambe jokes yesterday . 
  apparently the server admin was really into gorillas i guess . 
  sounds like a booty call . 
  for harambe, 
  its the next generation of authentic shooters . 
  oh , thought he was referring to former warsaw pact states . 
  well , everyone in former soviet union knows russian . 
  its going to remain a secondary language for another 100 years at least . 
  just learned we have two buryats on the archery team . 
  i think its pretty much won . 
  how is king being xenophobic ? 
  i agree that she probably has her mind set in this russia v us mentality , however that is not xenophobia . 
  xenophobia is an intense dislike or hatred for foreign people , ideas , beliefs , culture , etc. 
  i do not think she hates yulia because shes russian . 
  she most likely dislike yulia because she heard on cnn or something that yulia is a doping scumbag . 
  yea , i hear there have been quite of bit of terrorist attacks being committed by muslims in the us . 
  dozens dead . 
  if i was american i probably would n't feel safe there . 
  there is probably massive anti-muslim sentiment because of the massive amount of terrorist attacks against ordinary citizens and sexual minorities by muslims . 
   mr. mcdonald fatman, 
  true american, 
  russian astroturfering shill here . 
  there is a funny term used to describe what you just posted . 
  it is called `` whataboutism '' . 
  just correcting the record !, 
  redditors really think the world revolves around them . 
  i think im going to build a shrine to aliya 's booty . 
   moderator of / r/gentilesunited , / r/ancientknowledge, 
  is this a joke or something ? 
  are you actually serious with all this anti-semitic trash or do you actually believe this crap ? 
  how is this blatant autism allowed on this subreddit ? 
  how do you get by while being surrounded by people with single-digit iqs and heart disease ? 
  its really just this guy . 
  she has already been honored by soviet society and soviet authorities . 
  you think a bunch of neckbeards hounding her in a thread , which will probably be filled with historical revisionism , will give her more satisfaction ? 
  st. petersburg is a city of 5 million people as well . 
  she is n't a creature you can catch in pokemon go . 
  c'mon man , use your brain before making silly requests on the internet . 
  what history have i denied ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  should have done that 20 years ago ... 
  off-topic post but ... 
  this flynn guy needs a `` cant x the y '' phrase . 
  ameriga burgers is a ebin country : dd : dd, 
  who ? 
  should have slapped an `` alpha '' tag on it , removed 75 percent of the content , and lowered the price to 40 dollars . 
  no complaints , cuz alpha . 
  thats what squad did . 
  if we saw the american heart , cardiologists around the world would probably fall into a coma . 
  thatll be another 20 usd, 
  please , ira faction to go along with the brits . 
  uninstalled and reinstalled to see if it would help with all the crashes, 
  try to join a server for 30 minutes , no luck . 
  finally get in one, 
  10 minutes in aaaaand, 
  fatal error, 
  sometimes it just makes me want to crawl into a corner and cry myself to sleep, 
  finnish and estonian sound like a punjabi guy wiping his shitty ass on sidewalk pavement . 
  how big is the development team ? 
  ukraine and russia , since independence , have never had good relations . 
  even during yanukovych .
