  ukraine has been pro-nato and pro-west for a while now , and its been steered mainly by people from the west and central part of the country . 
  ( they want to sail off to the west and take all the russians in the country with them . ), 
  its absolutely unacceptable and we should do everything in our power to keep it from occurring . 
  if that means war , so be it . 
  the gap between ukrainians ( ukrainian-speakers who identify as ukrainian ) and russians is much larger than the gap between americans and canadians . 
  when someone asks me if i like ukrainians , i always answer them with a question of my own : what kind of ukrainian are you talking about ? 
  personally , the `` conscious ukrainians '' ( as they like to call themselves ) i have never liked . 
  it is mainly because of the distaste they have for russians and russian language . 
  ( the reasons for it are hilarious too . 
  `` if we make russian official language , ukrainian will die ! 111 . 
  even though ukrainian has 30 million fucking native speakers ) . the russophone ukrainians i see as the same people as russians . 
  the people in both countries who say `` we are the same '' , they could n't be further from the truth and are influenced by deluded soviet nostalgia . 
  we are different peoples with different language , values , beliefs , etc that have been shaped by our separation over hundreds of years . 
  i simply can not relate to ukrainian from lviv the same way i can related to someone from donetsk or belarus . 
  americans on this subreddit , what is the reason behind your country 's retardation ? 
  that is the dumbest thing i have ever seen , typical bullshit from moscow times . 
  millions of people in russia speak non-russian languages . 
  this propaganda is pathetic and so are the dipshit americans in this thread who believe this stupid crap . 
  edit : oh would you look at that , its fake . 
  shocking !, 
  op is a redditor for 3 days and has only made three posts !, 
  all negative posts about russia . 
  i 'm sure there is nothing fishy going on . 
   i wish ukraine did make russian official ... it is being fair and just . 
  when 12 million people in your country speak russian as native language , its not just fair to make it an official language of country or region . 
  its common sense . 
  you can not just go around living in a fantasy world where everyone in ukraine speaks ukrainian . 
  ukrainian is never going to die . 
  there are more ukrainian speakers then there are serbo-croatian speakers . 
  the languages that are endangered are celtic , basque , and some romance languages . 
  its delusional banderite propaganda . 
  part of their victim complex . 
  should have been given back to poland . 
  making it part of ukraine or ukrainian state rewards genocide . 
  edit : what ? 
  you think banderites should be given the land after they cleansed it of the polish ? 
  lviv was 63 percent polish and 24 percent jewish before ww2 . 
  is it not a polish city ? 
  come up with something to refute what i have said , dont just downvote like a pansy . 
  perhaps it is you that is being ignorant and gullible ? 
  russia is a federation of ethnic states with their own languages that have official level along with russian . 
  if you go to tatarstan , many people speak russian along with tatar in regional government and everyday life . 
  there are millions of foreigners , guest workers , and residents from other countries living in moscow as well . 
  its impossible not to run into a couple of armenians on the street , speaking in their language . 
  nobody but a skinhead will attack them for that . 
  we use to all live in one big counry called ussr , we all have a special connection to each other . 
  if you educate yourself on other countries and not make such ignorant statements on the internet , then perhaps people wo n't be an asshole towards you . 
  yup . 
  paid by fsb handlers to post on / r/joinsquad and promote the game . 
  retro 2033, 
  hamster face ? 
  ehhh , she kind of looks like she has down syndrome . 
  we do n't need more obnoxious pot-smoking douchebag hippies here . 
  you should also never base an entire country off of the comments of users on the internet . 
  thats like , rule 1 of the web . 
   russia has said it hopes for an improved `` understanding '' with a post-brexit britain , but played down suggestions that the result of the eu referendum would benefit the country 's foreign policy . 
  it actually might . 
  imagine a eu with its own defensive alliance , its own infrastructure , and its own objectives . 
  the removal of britain from the eu would reduce anglo-saxon influence on the continent and speed up integration of the member states . 
  it would of course be terrible for member states , because they lose sovereignty but good for russia because instead of dealing with batshit americans the government deals with sensible european politicians . 
  you 're the one who got all butthurt over a fake facebook post . 
  you described yourself as obnoxoius , although you did n't use the word . 
  you like russia but you do not know a thing about the country . 
  put the blunt down and read . 
  i knew it was rurik who created those things . 
  no one believed me for some strange reason ... 
  banderastan on suicide watch, 
  pretty sure he was from either sweden or finland . 
  so , big tit-milf ? 
  what is this from ? 
  nobody has liked him since war with georgia . 
  hes just an unlikable politician . 
  its been like that for a while , these slacktivists with their petitions are just people reacting to his incompetence . 
  ya know there is a search bar, 
  why ca n't we just repatriate our people living in those shitholes and cut ties with these roaches once and for all - be done with them and their pathetic whining . 
   reading the description, 
  do i look like a fucking nerd ? 
   really ? 
  a special plus if you are ethnically russian . 
  that 's like punching your self in the face . 
  polish government does it all the time . 
  why ca n't a fat politota user do it ? 
  get out . 
  get out now . 
  or ya know , its just not worldnews or noteworthy at all . 
  he is half-armenian and half-jewish from azerbaijan . 
  armenian jew would mean that he is a jew from armenia lol . 
  this needs to be at the top of the page . 
  that is exactly what moron is . 
  a bunch of people in costumes walked into a church acting like retards . 
  calling it an attack is bullshit . 
  you want to see an attack on a church ? 
  head over to liveleak , al-nusra has some pretty colorful videos on there . 
  a bunch of retarded australians bothering other australians is not a world event or noteworthy at all . 
  do n't complain when you get downvoted for posting bs that doesnt belong in the subreddit . 
  this guy is really funny, 
  how can he be a nazi ? 
  hes fucking polish you dimwit . 
  you got butthurt over someones comments on the internet and you made a whole thread just so you could complain about it ? 
  really pathetic .
