  if his post violates the rules , use the report function . 
  quit being such an attention whore and shitting up the sub . 
  most will probably vote ur . 
  people appreciate stability and unity it preaches . 
  i will not be voting however if i was forced to ... nah , voting is for chumps . 
  are you one of his followers or something ? 
  not many im sure of it . 
  perhaps you should stop posting articles in german . 
  the fuck ? 
  read the rules fritz , english or russian posts only . 
  ( or get off your lazy ass and translate it . 
  no one here speaks hun ), 
  rule 3 : keep content in either english or russian . 
  translated links into russian or english are allowed . 
  whats with the irrelevant rambling ? 
  are you all there ? 
   looked like if the ref had n't done a timeout the russian would have been knocked out . 
  they 're both russian !, 
  lol ^ itsajoke.russianfromrussia , russianfromkazakhstan . 
  just throw him in the trash or something . 
  getting sick and tired of being reminded of his body 's existence . 
  b-but i thought trump is hitler mk ii and he was going to save the white race from da joos ? 
  you made a post complaining about the number of upvotes and kinds of comments an hour after the picture was posted on the subreddit . 
  pretty pathetic if you ask me . 
  5 hours after being posted it has 50 upvotes and many positive comments . 
  you have to remember there are only around 20-40 active users on here daily . 
  fail lol, 
  all the redditors are saying nikitin lost , so it must be true . 
  only thing we have in common is orthodox religion . 
  other than that , we are completely different peoples . 
  romanian sounds like a serb trying to speak italian . 
  what the fuck does this have to do with anything . 
   i blocked the other guy . 
  he 's on a campaign !, 
  fuck him . 
  who 's got time for that shit ? 
  man ... for a guy with 1 month at reddit he sure had the goods on me !, 
  i am on a campaign ? 
  thanks for telling me , i had no clue !, 
  being a neckbeard for 4 years is an achievement ? 
  wait . 
  if ukraine is the one trying to join a major continental-wide and expanding bloc heavily influenced by a state oceans away and russia is the one trying to prevent it . . who has the slave mentality ? 
  butthurt must of gone to his head . 
  are the crashes still going on or have they been fixed ? 
  been working and kind of took a break from squad during my free time , fatal errors been a real bitch . 
  so this is what drugs are like, 
  is it hard being a savage ? 
  someone kills a kangaroo in australia, 
  how is this worldnews ? 
  a model redditor ? 
  how is that a good thing ? 
  how about we keep this game apolitical . 
  that 'd be great . 
  there is no reason to even include dpr/lpr and uaf forces , they all use the same weapons as the factions already in game and even wear the same uniforms . 
  pretty dumb suggestion imo . 
  whats the difference between dpr/lpr and militia ? 
  nothing , theres no point . 
  if a modder wants to do it like with arma , good luck . 
  seriously suggesting that it becomes part of the vanilla game like that is pretty insensitive . 
  edit : the war has pretty much leaked into ever aspect of my life because of familial connections and friends living there . 
  i do n't want that shit in my vidya too . 
  my friends cant stand it when english speakers join russian servers and create english squads that cant communicate with the rest of the team without a translator . 
  theres a . ru at the end of the server 's name for a reason . 
  i do n't particularly mind when it happens because i 've been learning in english since i was 11 and i lived in canada for about 7 years , but a lot of the russian community does get a little pissy when it happens , and most of them are pretty mature guys . 
  know how you feel fam . 
  i just play on english servers now and deal with the lag to avoid situations like that . 
  i know where im moving, 
  i was expecting a short and funny video ... 
  the hell is this shit op ? 
  most of the regular players are n't even playing the game atm because of crashing and noobs . 
  i 've been playing gta v in my free time for the past week instead of squad because a lot of this shit . 
  i just hopped back on yesterday when i had an hour to relax . 
  did n't crash once . 
  i think its just a matter of informing people that crashes have stopped . 
  ( at least the majority of them have ), 
  the only thing tearing squad community apart is this asshole named fatal error . 
  seriously , fuck that guy . 
  i hope he gets hit by a bus . 
  mexicans and turks in a cage together ? 
  what did trump say about turks ? 
   idk exactly what happened to him, 
  he got married and recently had a kid . 
  that 'll drive any man crazy in the first few months . 
  light anti-tank for obvious reasons , 
  i would agree with you however i dont know what the new insurgent models are going to look like . 
  devs could end up going with an sunni-arab/isis style setting for the insurgents and could end up just slapping an iraqi kurdistan tag on the maps . 
  w-want to see my pokemon card collection ? 
  if you do n't play with your squad then you deserve to be tied to a chair and beaten to death with hammers . 
  someone does n't understand the meaning behind '' / s '', 
  perhaps the reason why you do n't play in a squad is because no one is actually willing to play with a dickhead like you ? 
  i do n't have a mic , so not sure what you are blabbering on about . 
  12 year olds ? 
  are you referring to yourself ? 
  never play as squad lead or medic , so never really need it . 
  i just do whatever sl tells me to do . 
  i have an accent that makes it hard for people to understand what im saying over voice chat . 
  text chat is sometimes better when calling out enemy positions because most of the time you are using coordinates . 
  yuri gagarin makes his second trip into space . 
  steam reviews are a lot like reddit comments, 
  just a bunch of attention whores trying to sound witty or clever .
