  he is being apparently scrutinized for uploading footage of the build when he technically was n't supposed to . 
  this sentence makes no sense . 
  why ca n't he upload any squad content before he gets the key to the build ? 
  what damaging content can he upload if he does n't have access to it ? 
  or am i just not understanding the situation ? 
   the moderator said that he promised not to stream , broadcast or upload any keys . 
  is there a recording of it ? 
  because if its a he said-she said sort of thing , thats not really a good reason to destroy someones online and business reputation . 
   no one is talking about anything illegal , we 're saying his a giant asshole nothing else . 
  im not saying anything about legal shit . 
  ( ndas are a civil matter not criminal btw ) violating an nda ( which , according to bluedrake and others , doesnt really exist in this case ) just makes you look really bad in the professional sphere and might limit his ability to work with other studios . 
  its damaging and accusing him of violating something like that is as well . 
  what bluedrake is saying makes the devs look a little noobish and what some people in the squad community are saying makes bluedrake look like an asshole . 
  but bluedrake so far has shown physical evidence to support his side of whats going on ... sooooo ... thats kinda where im coming from on this atm . 
  who shit in your cereal ? 
   he promised he would not upload any content of the alpha 7 before he got the key, 
  what i am asking you is : how would he be able to record footage of v7 if he did n't have the key to the build/branch . 
  when you say key , you are talking about an activation code ? 
  well , first off english is my third language . 
  i am sure you are in a similar situation . 
  ( you are from scandinavia correct ? ), 
  secondly , your english is off that is why i can not understand you . 
   he promised he would not upload any content of the alpha 7 before he got the key - but he did . 
  you are saying that he promised to not upload any footage before he got the key . 
  ( meaning he would not upload footage before someone sent him his key ) thats where i was getting confused . 
  what you should have said was, 
   before he got the key , he promised to not upload any footage of v7 . 
  so , please . 
  piss off back to your sauna . 
  too bad, 
  your english is off . 
  my reading comprehension is fine , you just suck ass at writing in english . 
   it 's a perfectly correct sentences . 
  lmao . 
  that sentence itself is bad english . 
  saying that out loud makes me sound like an italian baker . 
  what you should have said was :, 
  `` the sentences are perfectly correct '', 
  ive met frenchmen who are better at writing in english and who are nowhere near your level of arrogance and douche-baggery . 
  ( thats saying something ), 
  kids , this is why you should study english in an english speaking country and not in the land of cuckolding . 
   gz , i accidently made an s at the end of sentece, 
  you put an `` its '' and a random `` a '' in there along with the extra s. 
  get better at english , kid . 
  you are fucking terrible at it . 
  was your instructor high on bath salts ? 
  i 'm russian , so you have no excuse . 
  i have the exact same card . 
  40-60 fps on the high preset . 
  could go higher unless you want to maintain 60 fps . 
  remember , the game is still in alpha and this is subject to change . 
  thanks for responding !, 
  sounds great , ca n't wait to jump in a game when v7 is released, 
  nobody becomes a teacher because they are in it for the pay . 
  most people who want to become teachers feel obligated to help and assist children/young adults excel and do better than the previous generation . 
  a lot of them just like being around teenagers and enjoy being able to act as a role model/guide for a lot of them . 
  teacher pay is crap in most countries . 
  when i lived in canada , the people i were crashing with had to work a second job and rent out a room just to make ends meet . 
  the couple were teachers at the local high school . 
  police officers technically are putting their lives on the line everyday to ensure public order and safety and work a lot more than teachers do . 
  they also have to attend school , training , etc to do their jobs . 
  even though most just sit in their patrol cars watching football on their phones . 
  it makes more sense for them to be paid more but to that extent i do not agree . 
  midget is partially correct but still an idiot . 
  wait , you can just ragdoll now ? 
  show me your tits and i 'll let you in . 
  i just saw the update queue in my library . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://www.beernloathing.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/i-came-ghostbuster.jpg ), 
  i could care less if poles , czechs , slovaks , or hungarians learn russian . 
  not important for them , as they are in the eu . 
  its none of our business . 
  due to the proximity of russian and polish and the common border , there are bound to be people who learn it as a second language ( as well as polish ) just for communications sake . 
  there are no ethnic russians there so who gives a shit . 
  its not their language . 
  lmao @ at the morons actually discussing this as if its a serious proposal . 
  humor is pretty immature . 
  just stupid fart and drunk jokes . 
  i can see why a 12 year old might like the show , but i just cant wrap my head around why adults watch it . 
  stuttering is more frequent now , but im averaging around 40 fps on most maps . 
  gorodok got really laggy tho , dropped to 20 . 
  what i am having issues with is the constant crashing . 
  its not related to the rpgs , i have gotten it multiple times . 
   buy 40 dollar multiplayer only game thats still in alpha, 
   all servers are full and have reserve slots, 
   dickhead seriously suggests you `` donate '' for a reserve slot or spend a week training for a mall ninja clan . 
  calls you a leech . 
  perhaps now you might understand . 
  they bust their balls so they can make a profit . 
  i doubt they really care whether or not you have a good time . 
  i regularly rage at the bullshit that occurs in the game . 
  most new aaa titles are around 60 american dollars . 
  they sold people an alpha with zero content to speak of for 40 american dollars , pretty close to the price of a aaa title . 
  arma 3 cost like 20-something usd when it was in alpha and cost around 40 in beta if i remember correctly, 
  i did n't buy a game , i bought promises . 
  ( i trust the devs , thats why i went through with the purchase ), 
  welcome to hotel insomnia , enjoy your stay and i hope you have a restless night . 
  im talking about price , not comparing content or community . 
  you are wrong , squad already had a large established player base before it ever came to steam - the pr community . 
  im fine with buying promises , just not for 40 dollars lols . 
  i think the lack of a filter or browsing system is a real pain in the ass .
