the camouflage pattern being used on the models is used way more than this uniform . 
  its used by vdv and ksor ( csto ) . 
  i also think this uniform looks retarded and unfit for the arid terrains presented in the game . 
  ( afghanistan/central asia ), 
  i knew you guys were cheap bastards / s, 
  23in 1920x1080, 
  ive tried turning aa off and keeping it on , and resolution scale is up to 100 % . 
  ive tried raising and lowering it , nothing really changes . 
  someone was telling me in game that in the latest update they made the shadows darker ? 
  is that true ? 
  oh my god , please . 
  this needs to be a thing . 
  i can not stand being forced to wait for a vehicle to become available in a multiplayer match just so i can test it out . 
  thanks !, 
   [ mrw ] ( http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_super/11119/111192150/4526004-bill-hader-eating-popcorn-smiling-snl.gif ) turkey begins to fall apart, 
  feels so fucking good man . 
  you just made my day, 
   implying turkey would actually initiate a war with the united states, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  however , i do n't think you answered my question . 
  i am asking what were the reasons behind choosing that vehicle ? 
  ( just curious.that mt-lb variant is n't really used a lot by units with high-readiness . 
  the mt-lb is used to tow artillery and transport personnel . ), 
  it seems pretty redundant to have two tracked vehicles with 30mm cannons for one faction . 
  ( thats if you are considering including the bmp-2 ), 
  i was playing on russian server the other day and we managed to convince the other team to surrender . 
  we demanded that they rpg each other and grenade themselves until their tickets ran out . 
  i dont know what happened , but many bodies ended up flying across the map towards our main base . 
  really weird glitch , its too bad i didnt record it . 
  lmao , that pause before feature killed me . 
  i 'd love to shtick her if you know what i 'm saying . 
  somebody for fucks sake , get op a medal or something . 
  oh boy , thats pretty good !, 
  im gon na use that one !, 
  well , english is my third language . 
  this was memetastic op . 
  good . 
  i 'm tired of running . 
  according to opinion polls , america is really disliked in turkey . 
  ( 58 % negative opinion . 
  however , i do n't think the turks like any non-turkic/non-muslim countries ), 
  i do n't even watch sports . 
  this video might be able to assist you with learning all russian words and phrases related to suicide : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9dez0hrlf4, 
  well , weapon emplacements with optics like that would totally ruin the balance of the game imo, 
  i have never watched and know nothing about silent hill . 
  come at me . 
  thanks for the info sensei . 
  will i be able to ascend into shangri-la ? 
  has this grasshopper reached enlightenment ? 
   russia is a natural ally . 
  lol no . 
  armenia is one of our most important allies . 
  ( belarus of the caucasus ) and we have a lot invested into the country . 
  forging an alliance with turkey would destroy and undo decades of work and cooperation . 
  not only that , but they are our enemies and have been for hundreds of years . 
  they assist georgia militarily and have done some things with ukraine . 
  they will always be looked at with a suspicious eye . 
  i was firing rpgs at an enemy superfob and my sl decided to stand directly behind me . 
  i ended up killing him with my backblast . 
  he whined and moaned the entire game . 
  just kept on complaining until he eventually raged quit . 
  stop pretending as if you know what you are talking about . 
  its very pretentious . 
  cut the pseudo-intellectual `` muh geopolitics '' bullshit as well . 
  not everyone is a realpolitik zombie . 
  most people in russia and turkey distrust and even hate one another . 
  turkey is one of the most anti-russian countries . 
  ( up there with poland and baltic states ) . 
  its never happening . 
  turkey is still a major threat to syria as well , and its pan-turkic ideologies also pose a threat to us . 
  meanwhile , armenia is one of the most pro-russian states in the world and has historically been that way . 
  putin 's approval rate is higher there than in places like serbia . 
  can someone alert the command center and tell them the americans have discovered our plot ? 
  some autistic japanese neet, 
   * an american said that it 's pseudo-capitalism, 
  americans are adorable , but in a stupid way . 
  like a retarded kid at a grocery store . 
   one ukrainian i knew said that russia 's economy is falling, 
  i do n't think its wise to get objective information about russia from a ukrainian . 
   while a business-owner in russia whom i contacted said it 's not a good idea to have a business there, 
  its not a good idea because of corruption and lack of rule of law . 
  very anecdotal post you got here . 
  i 'm never wasting my money on another battlefield game . 
  i 'm just sick and tired of the reskins , the bugs , the dlc , the microtransactions , and the shitty storylines . 
  come to think it , i do n't think i 'm ever going to buy another dice game . 
  they ruined battlefront . 
  kinda , but mainly in the video games . 
  i blame our video game industry . 
  ( or the lack of one ) it would just be nice to see us put out a few shooters or something were we are the protagonists . 
  movies and stuff does n't bother me . 
  we do kinda make good villains . 
  no , people portrayed as villains are mainly islamic terrorists , nazis and sometimes the whites . 
  yes , but its not a problem as long as sl knows where to throw them . 
  it begins to become a problem when the sl uses his own smoke to impair his own team 's vision . 
  i find it easier to see people when an objective is smoked to hell . 
  probably stumbled upon a neo-nazi website or something . 
  its 100 % incorrect . 
  use wikipedia or something to find out the true demographics of moscow . 
  its very different from whatever they are trying to portray . 
  just look at basic demographic statistics .
