  what the fuck did i just watch ? 
  i know . 
  19 muslim men died that day , a real tragedy . 
  nvm , just got the decision . 
  deleting thread , thanks tho, 
  most of the syrian army is conscripted . 
  and using your definition of terrorism , the united states is the largest terrorist organization in the world . 
  however , you do n't see anyone blowing up american soldiers in iraq , afghanistan , or germany . 
  shes actually a pretty decent human being . 
  i do n't think she , or any other us representative , really means what shes says during meetings and press conferences . 
  just an official line she has to tow . 
  actually , regions like the levant would be better for hammerfell . 
  turkey is actually a really mountainous and cold country , its only the far south thats a little like desert . 
  or , you could just be talking out of your ass . 
  like most people on this sub . 
  he 'd tell you to go get your shinebox . 
  the female voices sound swedish to me . 
  really uppity and a lot less harsh . 
  the male and city guard voices sound overwhelming german . 
  ( straight outta berlin ), 
   but how does that * change the fact * that russia is performing war crimes in syria ? 
  you are already perceiving this as a fact when i bet you have n't even examined any of the evidence . 
  you just buy into bullshit . 
  fantasy status : fulfilled \u2713, 
   it is currently the world 's main opponent to international governance/norms . 
  america is the one who set that precedent by illegally invading iraq , causing the deaths of hundreds of thousands of innocent people and the destruction of a nation that has existed since 1932 . 
  crimea was based off the kosovo precedent , set by the united states and its allies . 
  again , another example of america undermining international law . 
  america and its aggressive internationalist foreign policy , are the biggest enemies of international law . 
  not the countries that follow the precedents it sets . 
  russian government believes in re-establishing the multipolar world order that pre-dates ww1 , and bringing back westphalian sovereignty for the great powers . 
  if international norms are american internationalism and unipolar order , then yes . 
  russia is challenging them and so are a large basket of countries that the us labels `` enemies . '', 
   the gop 's containment stance regarding russia was actually the correct one . 
  thats really funny , because we have a stance of containment towards the united states and the expansion of its sphere . 
  now , something you fundamentally misunderstand is that the united states does not follow a policy of containment anymore . 
  its foreign policy pivots around a doctrine of liberal internationalism and neoconservatism , akin to soviet internationalism during the cold war . 
  ah , yes . 
  because annexing a territory with the support of the local population ( who are your kin ) without bloodshed is significantly worse than illegally invading a sovereign nation , occupying it for 5 years , and getting ( absolute lowest estimate ) 100-130 thousand innocent people killed . 
   again , pence does n't seem to agree with you . 
  i could n't care less . 
  i personally think hes batshit crazy like most americans . 
  god , you have no idea how angry it makes me when i see a westerner lecture people on this shit . 
  you have no idea what life was like when yeltsin the drunkard was in power , when the elderly were freezing to death in their flats . 
  the country was an absolute shithole before he came along . 
  he brought back law and order . 
  as well as :, 
  he restored unity in the federation , restored a sense of basic national pride , returned to crimea to russia , modernized the military , and has effectively stood up for russian interests in the near abroad . 
  ** there is a reason why greats like solzhenitsyn praised him before he passed . 
  ** when i was a young lad , i used to be pretty anti-government . 
  i grew out of it and started reading books not written by other college students . 
  i 'm not crazy about him , hes too weak in my opinion and has messed up especially when it comes to powers of the republics and their significance over oblasts/krais . 
  ( especially the muslim ones ), 
  i 'm not going to sit here and preach him to you . 
  i dislike him on a personal level , hes a wife-beating wanna-be bachelor stuck in his mid-life crisis . 
  if you want to stop being ignorant , simply start reading about russian politics . 
  that means no bbc/radioliberty docus . 
  i love reading the silly shit fat american neckbeards write about russia . 
  frankly , your political debates are far more entertaining than ours . 
  ( unless zhirinovsky is involved ) its just so incredibly fake , yet people take it so seriously . 
  kind of adorable actually . 
   these days the invasion of iraq is widely viewed in the us as a mistake that was sold with lies, 
  a mistake is unintentional or misguided . 
  no one was misguided or fumbling when they made the decision to invade and occupy a sovereign nation of 30 million . 
  you must be very naive , if you honestly believe that the iraq war and occupation was just a big `` oopsy . '', 
   thousands have died as a result of the russian invasion of ukraine by the way , including a bunch of russian soldiers whose combat deaths and cremations were hidden from their families . 
  we did n't start the war in the east . 
  the ukrainians did when they sent tanks to cities to stop our people from replicating exactly what they did in kiev months prior . 
  russia will never abandon our people , no matter what country they live in now . 
  its really funny to see this criticism coming from an american , when you fatties did the exact same thing with texas . 
  more than 50 % of texan militia was from the united states , not texas itself . 
  and evening attempting to compare the deaths in the east with the deaths caused by the iraq war is shameful . 
  130,000 dead is the absolute lowest estimate of civilian deaths due to violent events . 
  the real number of civilian dead due to direct and indirect war-related causes is near a 1,000,000 . 
  us destroyed an entire country and you call it an accident , a mistake . 
  i am not surprised . 
  you idiots are so full of yourselves , you actually made a religion out of your apparent `` holiness '' . 
  ( mormonism ) there is no reasoning with your kind , just trolling . 
  i have a seriously hard time seeing people on maps like fools road . 
  ( gorodok not so much , not as much trees , grass , and shadows . 
  map is perfect btw ! ), 
  its like this no matter what my settings are . 
  can anyone give me some tips on how to spot people more easily ? 
  is there something i should be paying attention to more often ? 
  whats the reason behind choosing the mt-lbm 6mb over the bmp-2 and btr-80a ? 
  it seems absolutely bizarre that you guys chose to create a model for that instead of a run of the mill bmp-2 . 
  how far are you guys willing to go when it comes to vehicle variants ? 
  i saw that you are including the stryker and there is a shit load of variants for that vehicle . 
  hello hungarians , i was looking at your census results on english wikipedia . 
  ( i was curious ) . 
  it says almost 1.5 million people never stated their ethnicity . 
  i am assuming the majority are hungarians , whats going on with that ? 
  gun play looks very different in v7 and i did n't catch any explanations in the preview . 
  whats up with that ? 
  what was changed ? 
  things look a lot less clunky . 
  [ removed ], 
  i 've been watching a deus ex : mankind divided series and i 've been having just a terrible time following the actual storyline . 
  the layout and ui of the game make it impossible for me to tell whether or not the player is engaged in a side mission or in the storyline . 
  i just gave up watching it all together .
