  such a stupid question . 
  perhaps you should be talking to your shrink instead . 
  vehicles pls, 
  pls, 
  pls, 
  terrible . 
  i was beaten and water-boarded by fsb agents yesterday . 
  today , i was attacked by a bear on a unicycle . 
  i am currently typing this from a hospital bed , which i will never be able to pay for because i have no money and the money i did have i spent on krokodil and csgo keys . 
   i do n't view micro transactions a big deal as its literally for useless gold cases or unlocking weapons/vehicles faster in a way that hardly ruins any experiences for people who wont do that . 
  dude , they sold players the most powerful gun in the game for 10 dollars in the deluxe edition on day one . 
  the games gunplay is garbage and bland , the handful of maps and setting are restricted to only one era , the heroes are still op as fuck , and the gamemodes are fucking boring and very casual . 
  the game just doesnt feel like battlefront at all , and the whole point in reviving a series is to cater to the nostalgic consumers . 
  and i never said battlefront was a reskin battlefield . 
  ( i wish it fucking was , because the game would be so much better . ), 
  i was talking about hardline . 
  the community is solid , close-knit , and communicates . 
  at least on the russian servers . 
   but i can see the game being far from that if you dont have an active team on voice comms and planning stuff . 
  i have been playing for a while now . 
  i have not once run into a squad that does n't communicate or have a strategy . 
  ( its sometimes a server rule for the sl to have one ) plans are usually dished out by sl before the game starts , and he usually coordinates with the rest of the squad leaders . 
  if you play red orchestra , the communication and planning is very very similar but a lot more in depth . 
   angry baltshit complaining about dem rayycist russians and begging americans for mo money for dem defense programs, 
  kek, 
  you just wrote up a paragraph in response to a meme post . 
  complaining about personal attacks ? 
  have you read your original post ? 
  lmao, 
  lmao, 
  you forgot the part where you get shot to shit by someone that you ca n't even see . 
  damn son, 
  i did n't know / pol / contributes to russia insider . 
  yes pls, 
   lots of folks here are n't well versed on foreign politics and could largely care less . 
  perhaps that is the problem . 
  if people in america and in its media are n't well educated on international politics , how are they supposed to write and publish articles on it ? 
  maybe american media outlets should stop hiring hipsters to write articles on their online website and start hiring professional political analysts . 
  a lot of the ignorant crap americans write about russia is interpreted as malicious propaganda . 
  i have been to america once on vacation . ( boston ) . 
  i did notice that the stereotypes about americans being absolutely retarded are very true . 
  i understand what you are saying . 
  ( for example , many of the people i met had no idea that russia was no longer communist . 
  most of them always conflate russia with the soviet union too , causing alot of confusion . 
  i met an old couple that had no idea that the soviet union fucking dissolved . ), 
  british media is a whole different story . 
  they are n't pants-on-head retarded like americans . 
  they are just a bunch of malicious cunts . 
  that is the dumbest thing i have ever heard . 
  orange orange orange marijuana whores orange orange orange, 
  did i do that right ? 
  looks good . 
  now get me v7, 
  star wars battlefront, 
  what is a big boy if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  `` hold the door '', 
  okay, 
  i agree , this game should be outlawed . 
  devices with pokemon go installed on them emit dangerous amounts of autism . 
  84 people were killed in nice, 
  both are equally important . 
  the region in which it takes place determines the media coverage . 
  i 'm sure arab media were all over it . 
   `` putin mentioned the n-word one time '', 
  his parents are saying he was either a convert to christianity or irreligious . 
  lol, 
  did the caspian sea and great lakes just . . disappear ? 
  the people are really raunchy , which is great . 
  the politics of the country is really entertaining but at the same time really disturbing . 
  i quite like english people/history in particular . 
  the country is very wealthy and the people sound so wise most of the time . 
  ( i dont know why ), 
  its just a shame you are allied with an inbred bible-thumping retard nation . 
  ( also known as sloth the country ), 
  very cringy post . 
  i guess im part of the 10 percent . 
  sometimes i think i can speak better english than donald trump . 
  hes kind of an idiot . 
  talks like a school kid . 
  idk . 
  maybe donald trump might be able to undo the decades of russophobic propaganda . 
  i dont trust him to do anything like that , however i do think its possible . 
  i 've been to america once , those people are really fucking stupid . 
  on a collective level . 
  ( canadians are way better ) you can convince them the sky is purple . 
  there is a reason why americans-are-retards is a stereotype . 
  even americans on this reddit ( which presents itself as a pseudo-intellectual platform ) are incredibly ignorant about the rest of the world . 
  i agree that ignorance does n't have borders and is n't restricted to one country - but its definitely heavily concentrated in the us . 
  americans also seem to have short-term memory loss , but i think that is their media and education systems fault . 
  its yuuuuuge , you racist . 
  just buy one in the us . 
  good luck getting access to assault rifles as a tourist in russia lol . 
  well , i was asking for ethnicity specifically . 
  thanks though !, 
  side note : recording ethnicity in a census actually leads to a decrease in ethnic chauvinism and intolerance . 
  recognizing an ethnic groups existence within your country acknowledges their culture 's and identity 's existence . 
  in russia we do this with our minorities and grant them autonomy . 
  ( ethnic republics ), 
   measuring something does not lead to anything . 
   measuring ethnicity leads to racism .
