i do n't know whether it 'd be a good idea , but if it does happen , esperanto should become the official language for government . 
  a neutral , easy-to-learn language is the only way . 
  lol . 
  this is an obvious april fools - just look at all of the deliberate spelling errors , jovial attitude , rules that are just about not too crazy to fool some people ... 
  seriously , i ca n't believe everyone is falling for this . 
  https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/charlottenburg,_timi%c8%99 for the curious . 
  surprising that there 's an esperanto article but not an english one ... 
   when is the last time in history since they invaded another continent ? 
  almohad conquest of al-andalus in the 12th century , i believe, 
  that 's strange . 
  i could have sworn the invader was an unidentified african nation ; i have firm memories of the invaders being referred to as `` the africans '' . 
  however , i 've just googled it , and everywhere says that the invaders were unidentified ... ( [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tomorrow_series ) ) so i must have been mistaken , sorry about that . 
  i read the books when i was about 10 years old ; must have just internally pictured the invaders as being african and mistaken that for being canon . 
  sorry about that :( to answer your question , i ca n't think of any african country that would want to invade australia anyway . 
   the invading country 's name is never mentioned , but it could easily be china , or indonesia or one of several others ... 
  the invading country was african iirc, 
   http://m.imgur.com/nnbeykm so , kazakhstan is purple and azerbaijan is orange , and iceland , libya , and jordan are all candidate countries to join the eu ? 
  disclaimer : this is my opinion . 
  back in the middle ages neither islam nor christianity was particularly accepting towards modern values . 
  it 's misleading to say that this problem is inherent to one religion . 
  in the last few centuries , the enlightenment happened in europe , and secularism appeared . 
  the rule of religious authorities in the west has been greatly diminished , and ( especially in europe ) science is placed above religion . 
  it would seem that this process did not happen in places like much of the middle east and africa ( see , for example , gambia 's anti-gay laws ; saudi arabia 's persecution of women ) so , yes , i 'd agree that the nature of islam , and by extension the nature of all abrahamic religions , makes it easy for many of its followers to oppose what we would consider progress . 
  i do not agree with your implication that considering oneself a muslim means that one is necessarily opposed to western values . 
  i notice that you did not respond to my examples of albania and especially rojava , as muslim-majority countries that generally support western values . 
   to say istanbul is a european city is a political oppinion , not an objective fact . 
  from a cultural point of view , i agree . 
  from a geographical point , istanbul is part of europe and asia ; but from a cultural viewpoint it is debatable and it could easily be argued that istanbul is not culturally european . 
  i was going for the geographical point of view . 
   so , sorry not sorry but your oppinion is not factual of course in any such discussion there is a degree of opinion involved ; i assumed that was implied . 
   muslim scholars didnt invent anything , they preserved greek and roman knowledge in a period of western decline , because greeks and romans had left them places like alexandria , constantinople et al. 
  you can make a case for ibn sina , but he is the exception not the rule . 
  as far as i know , the islamic world was a world center of learning c. 1000 ad . 
  ( the islamic golden age ) . 
  this changed with the mongol conquest . 
  see , for example , the [ house of wisdom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_wisdom ) . 
  in addition to preserving roman and greek knowledge , it would seem that a lot of new knowledge was also discovered during this period . 
   so they are not really european in the sense that europe is western , which comes with a certain set of values that are not present in any majority-muslim country such as freedom of speech , economic activity , science etc. 
  you are claiming that bosnia and albania are not culturally european ? 
  that 's not an opinion i hear every day . 
  as far as i can see , the mostly-muslim albania has a high hdi and freedom of speech ... [ here 's a graph of internet censorship by country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_censorship_and_surveillance_by_country ) . 
  there is some correlation between islamic countries and less freedom of speech , but it 's by no means a universal rule . 
  another example is rojava , a mostly-muslim de facto autonomous region that was explicitly founded on values such as religious tolerance , feminism , and secularism . 
   islam is not a european thing islam has existed in europe for almost as long as it has existed as a religion . 
  firstly there was al-andalus , a major islamic european nation which existed for several centuries . 
  muslim scholars introduced us to concepts like algebra . 
  the ottoman empire was a dominant european country for several centuries . 
  muslim communities have existed for several centuries in places like lithuania . 
  and today , europe has a muslim-plurality country ( bosnia-herzegovina ) , and the largest city in europe ( istanbul ) is mostly muslim . 
  sure , islam never had quite the same impact on europe that christianity did . 
  but that does n't mean it 's some alien thing that has decided to invade us in the last few decades . 
  the `` foreign element creating destruction '' in question is n't islam , per se . 
  if anything , it 's the fundamentalist breed of islam that is being spread by countries like saudi arabia , as well as by terrorist groups like daesh of course . 
  netherlands is 41000 km ^ 2 ; its population is 17 million . 
  chongqing , a city in china , is 82000 km ^ 2 ; its population is 30 million . 
  so the netherlands is actually smaller and more densely-populated than some cities ... ( this is more due to a quirk of the chinese administrative system where the `` city '' of chongqing consists of a lot of rural land , though ), 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  [ relevant xkcd . 
  nope . 
  it 's the imperial throne . 
  :p https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_throne_ ( micronation ), 
  ... a pro-refugee comment is being upvoted on * / r/europe * ? 
  maybe there is still some hope left for this place after all . 
  [ like this ? 
  i do n't think the chinese provinces even have flags ... 
  i hope we vote to leave . 
  voting to stay in wo n't convince the anti-eu folk that it 's the right decision , the issue will continue to dominate politics for ages , and the eu will likely remain in its current state because of britain dragging their feet on any major change . 
  see what happened to the scottish independence movement post-referendum . 
  euroskepticism wo n't evaporate . 
  on the other hand , if we vote to leave , the constant bickering over whether the eu is a good thing should fade : we 'll have * actual evidence * of its effect . 
  if we exit , the british economy plummets , and we end up in a major recession , while the eu continues to experience economic growth , that 's evidence that unity in europe is a good thing , and euroskepticism will fade away . 
  sooner or later europe will probably federate and britain will rejoin . 
  on the other hand , if we exit and there are no negative effects , that proves that the eu is unnecessary . 
  either result seems preferable to the status quo , surely ? 
  normally this is correct but `` private company driven by profit '' is n't a very accurate description of spacex . 
  it 's more of a `` private company fully controlled by a space geek '' . 
  while there is obviously some profit involved , i get the feeling that spacex is much more ideologically driven than most companies . 
  do n't forget that it was founded with the primary goal of colonizing mars . 
  you 're right . 
  did not know that particular fact about [ manx politics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/politics_of_the_isle_of_man ) . 
  however , turns out the only political party in power on the isle of man is in favor of more devolution , so maybe independence is n't quite as crazy as it sounds ... and , well , i do n't have the slightest bit of interest in football . 
  do not know how good the icelandic team is . 
   7 ) some people will pay attention to the manx general election . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  unless the manx ruling party unilaterally declares independence or something . 
  the letter n next to the left-hand corner is upside down . 
  hmm . 
  up to now most amas have been with british politicians ; some variety would be nice . 
  a former refugee/migrant , maybe . 
  or perhaps someone who speaks a large number of european languages . 
  ( at least six ) . 
  maybe we could even get mikhail gorbachev to do an ama . 
   / r/europemeta is there for you ( and for us ) 365 days a year . 
  so , in other words , for one day in 2016 , / r/europemeta is not there for us . 
  what 's happening ? 
  24 hours ' closure for essential maintenance works ? 
  that 's not the german alphabet . 
  you forgot the \u00df . :p, 
  okay . 
  why is it that santa claus is least popular in the strip of territory located between the pre-wwi borders and the pre-wwii borders ?
