  the federal office for the protection of the constitution ( it 's like our domestic secret service ) is investigating whether or not all of these events are actually somehow coordinated and not separeted incidents . 
  extremely interesting video, 
  what is your explanation then ? 
  oh , yeah i meant suffocation ; or toxication by carbon-monoxide , not suffocation by toxication . 
  suffocation by oxygen-deficient . 
  suffocation by oxygen-deficiency or toxication through carbon-monoxide . 
  it is extremely cruel , i know about this from reading up on the holocaust . 
  trucks ( where the engine emissions were led into the trunk ) were one of the first methods they experimented with other than shooting , with horrible consequences . 
  people hammered at the truck 's walls and screamed , it all took too long and what comes after is a huge mess because people defecate before they die . 
  it is truly one of the most cruel ways to die . 
  ( not saying the traffickers did it on purpose , but this is just borderline murder leaving people in there like that . 
  and once again shows the desperation those people have when they come here - nobody in their right mind would do it if they did not feel the need to do so . 
  ( this is directed at the `` they 're all economic migrants who come here for fun to live off our welfare '' people ) . 
   favour of helping the refugees . 
  . .  against mass immigration . 
  you literally twisted his statement and turned it around . 
  so if it 's the cleaning guy 's job to clean up , why are there litter bins in this world in the first place heh ? 
  not sure what you mean and what it has to do with my comment . 
  but some other extremists do n't deliberately pretend to just be `` concerned citizens '' to gain legitimacy . 
  in germany , so-called self-proclaimed `` concerned citizens '' are the ones who are actively involved in these crimes . 
  most of the times it is known far-right extremists operating under the cover , by creating civil initiatives with harmless names and other ways to gain public support of the locals . 
  so whenever you see some refugee home burning or things like this happening , germans go like `` ah right , ` concerned citizens ' , sure thing '' . 
  this might clear things up for you . 
  you saw the ripped-off ceiling and the shattered window , yes ? 
  germany : always being on time . 
  although looking at my peers , i seems as though i am the only one with that trait . 
  duh , too much testosterone . 
  just look at the dudes at 1:00 , wow, 
  i had to share my train with fc n\u00fcrnberg fans quite often , it was not a pleasant experience . 
  of course there are also normal people , for example i have seen a whole group of fans accompany a blind person to the bahnhofsmission together after they helped him get out of the train . 
  source : http://www.welt.de/sport/article145632495/hier-wueteten-fussball-fans-in-einem-zugwaggon.html, 
  all returning syria fighters ( isis ) in germany get detained and prosecuted . 
  most of them are just disillusioned men that fell for the propaganda though . 
  the others will probably enter more ` in secret ' . 
  the security services will be not less overwhelmed if you spend millions and millions on euros to update the train stations and introduce baggage checks . 
  i am not against more police in train stations , i am not even against video surveillance inside trains and at stations . 
  if it were for me , i 'd have no problem giving more funds to security services to monitor islamist extremists and far-right extremists . 
  i just have a problem with anything that limits the freedoms and liberties we have in our democracies . 
  mass internet surveillance is one of them . 
  i say it again : massive baggage and person controls at train stations are too expensive , too time-consuming , take too much staff and do n't help solving any problems what so ever . 
  have a look at the us after 09/11 , we really do n't need all the fearmongering here . 
  i am not willing to give up my freedom for lunatics . 
  they can still strike , it 's super easy to blow up a busy train station , you ca n't control every tiny village station , security checks of luggage on high speed rail only would lead to nothing . 
  there already is close surveillance on pretty much every train station , which means that those who try to plant explosives , leave bags , etc are already less likely to do it because they will get caught . 
  suicide bombers ca n't be stopped . 
  no matter what the tell you , that you die in such an attack is very very unlikely . 
  i regularly commute by train between european cities and i ca n't imagine anything worse than airport-style security checks . 
   the chief of staff for hungary 's prime minister of course . 
  you forgot that after buring down their homes you have to complain about the burden on the state 's financials that is caused by building housing for the migrants . 
  you do n't have the money . 
  you and your family flee over the border , everyone of you now lives in an overcrowded refugee camp ( it 's safe , but it 's not something for eternity ) . 
  you stay there for a year or two ( say , you left syria in 2012 ) . 
  things are still not getting better at home . 
  you decide to make way for europe , because life in the refugee camp is not life . 
  you leave your wife and kids with your uncle and other relatives and make your way to europe with the family 's funds . 
  wait , why would they blame the west for the syrian uprising and the chaos that started ? 
  if anything , iraqis can blame the west . 
  or syrians can blame the west for not sending help . 
  i think they have gotten their fair share of religious extremism / opressive government / violence to know that either of those are not really the way to go . 
  of course they can still be conservative , religious , and whatnot , but that does not in itself conflict with our societies . 
  but well , you ca n't of course generalize all of them . 
  also , last time i checked , most muslims in germany were just as ( un ) happy as the rest of the germans . 
  syria was quite secular , its youth ( at least the ones that can afford to come to europe ) rather educated and progressive . 
  they are surely comparable to many europeans . 
  europe 's progressiveness also varies strongly , i do n't know if rural poles or bavarians are more `` progressive '' than average syrians trying to come to germany . 
  aeeehh , you started the comparison , i just continued it :-), 
  you know the free market alone leads to market failure ( brigading , lack of topic diversity , monopolies , . . ) if not put within its boundaries by the government . 
  this is / r/europe , nor / r/murica : ), 
  [ novemer 9 , 1989 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=290hpf3n4fc ) ( [ germany ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjnz1lvxgzu ) ), 
  what is the point of killing them ? 
  do they do it for the feathers ? 
  really ? 
  my german grandfather also surely believed he had no other choice and way of doing things than ( doing and ordering ) killing villages full of civilians in anti-partisan warfare on the balkans in ww2 . 
  `` tough decision involving massive loss of life '' -  completely useless , inhumane and fucking up the perpetrator too , for the rest of his life . 
  bodensee can actually have a theoretical tsunami of 3-5 metres in an earthquake below it :d, 
  to be honest , they all look pretty ` normal ' / western . 
  fees are so high , i guess only the better-educated ones can come with their families , which is not a bad thing imo . 
  only 6 % of the refugees end up in europe . 
  out of a total of 4,015,070 refugees from syria , 1,805,255 of them now live in turkey . 
  [ source ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/regional.php ) 300.000 of those live in refugee camps along the border . 
  the others ( ~ 1.5 million ) have rented private rooms or live with relatives . 
  jung syrians in turkey live in constant fear to be deported back to syria - where they face being drafted into the saa . 
  living a refugee camp for years is * not * an option for anyone that has a slight possibility of having a better life elsewhere . 
  germany is attractive because it requires workforce in the booming industry of low-wage sector ( care , gastronomy , agriculture ) that germans are not really willing to take . 
  furthermore , economic help for migrants in germany is lower than what is generally considered the ` absolute minimum standard ' ( hartz iv ) ; working is also not allowed right away . 
  another factor is the time : the numbers are peaking right now , because only now people have realized that syria is not going to be at peace antime soon . 
  this is why some of them are moving towards europe ( usually those wo can afford it / speak english / even are better educated ) to start a new life . 
  you would not start a new life in greece , would you ? 
  and macedonia ? 
  heck , a large chunck of asylum seekers in germany even comes from macedonia itself . 
  right , sorry . 
  i changed it . 
  that 's what happens when people keep using `` america '' as a synonym for `` usa '' :d, 
  have you seen / r/europe the weeks before the megathread ? 
   most of these people are men who are looking for work , not people in danger of being persecuted in iran/turkey/greece . 
  http://i.imgur.com/vfms7xf.png okay , and they conveniently only started looking for work and exploiting our security systems now that their own country is a genocidal warzone . 
  surely not refugees ... as you can see , the number of people coming from iran/turkey ( ? ), 
  is quite low . 
  [ countries of origin in first half of 2015 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vfms7xf.png ) . 
  you will notice that most are from european countries that are or will be declared safe countries of origins soon .
