  one of the border guards ** thought he recognised the man as one of the five suspected cologne perpetrators searched with a european-wide warrant ** - after comparing their personal data with german authorities , it became apparent that the man indeed had a european arrest warrant put out for him . 
  he was arrested and transferrred to thurgau police . 
  he is now imprisoned in kreuzlingen . 
  the prosecutor issued an extradition warrant . 
  i like that you keep your distance to the cars in front of you !, 
  to anyone going to warsaw , i recommend the museum of the warsaw uprising ( it 's not about the ghetto uprising though ) - one of the best museums i have ever been to . 
  because you went for africa, 
  yep, 
  [ lots of articles , english , from the source ] ( http://panamapapers.sueddeutsche.de/en ), 
  yes , they even made a video where he attempts to kill merkel ( and others ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ea1mvs4wya0, 
  i posted it for popcorn and was pleasantly surprised as well . 
  new comments got very negative in the past hour or so though , 
  here is polizistensohn with english subtitles if that helps : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4w5cqm3f_c, 
  the video is about having morals , not opposing migration - you can be against migration for various reasons without resorting to cheap or racist rethoric . 
  i misunderstood your comment then , apologies . 
  ( thought you meant it was too far-left ), 
  video makes fun of both, 
  the video is about having morals , not opposing migration - you can be opposed to migration without resorting to cheap or racist rethoric . 
  video did n't even claim any of that . 
   is this some sort of sarcasm ? 
  sure is, 
  varoufakis-song , maybe some of you remember : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afl9wfgje0m, 
  okay then : it is a big slippery slope to come from special women 's ( + kids ) compartments ( who are not something that is totally uncommon in germany , check out women 's parking spots etc. . ) from total gender segregation being a normal thing . 
  the article states that similar concepts in trains have been tested in switzerland for 15 years already ( albeit they turned out to be mostly pointless ) and are normal countries like japan , mexico , brasil . 
  personally , i think it 's silly and unnecessary , the amount and courage of normal people in any train should be big enough to make sure nothing happens to anyone ( but then again , with a train full of football-fans , shit happens ) . 
  but in the end , it 's all about perceived safety , and maybe such a compartment next to the service personell can help feel people more secure . 
  i do not see this going anywhere / u/project _ a_jackie projects it to go . 
  it is still annoying as fuck though , compared to the much more sophisticated client of telegram , that does n't require the phone to be always online and connected . 
  everyone i know uses telegram ( germany ) , we even use it for work communications . 
  well merkel is already doing pretty much everything she can ( without completely loosing her face ) to reduce the influx of refugees and tightening asylum laws . 
  so yes , it is of course happening . 
  a more center-right cdu ( where csu is sitting right now ) could possibly drive the afd out againn , but cdu has very low credibility for those who are voting afd , so staying in the center may actually keep more votes in the conservative party . 
  yeah no, 
  no , exactly my point . 
  nobody would do that . 
  if the cdu had supported merkel they would n't have lost as many supporters to the green/spd party - it was obvious the anti-immigration people would n't vote vor the cdu either way . 
  yes statements like that have been quite prevalent - obviously they get flak for it from ( social ) media , other politicians and parties etc , but that is the case with literally all issues . 
  check out what seehofer said for example . 
  another case is the outright extremist stuff , like demands of shooting people at the border , racist remarks ( `` white genocide '' narrative ) , and stuff like that . 
  yes , but i strongly disagree on your notion of `` moralistic , overly correct atmosphere '' . 
  by now , all parties are pretty pragmatic and realistic . 
  and the disconnect was n't that strong after all , since the biggest winners of this elections , next to the afd are in fact supporters of merkels course . 
  also note that the afd was at 8 % in the last elections already , when it was only about the euro crisis etc. 
  yep !, 
  i also think that it does n't give away as much - except for the afd votes . 
  you do realize that 2 pro-refugee-merkel parties won elections * and gained * votes ? 
  ( spd in rhineland-palatinate and greens in baden-wurttemberg ) - both candidates of the cdu have criticised merkels course and now lost the election because the anti-merkel crowd went directly for the afd - a huge mistake in the campaigns . 
  [ election results ] ( http://imgur.com/a/qu2bk ) - fun facts : * baden-wurttemberg : green party , who support refugee policy of merkel gain more votes than cdu candidate , who criticised her refugee policies - most anti-merkel voters went for the afd , the supporters went for the green party . 
  the spd got lost between . 
  afd voters are mostly the ones who have n't voted in last elections . 
  * rhineland-palatinate : social democrats , who also support refugee policy of merkel win the election over cdu candidate kl\u00f6ckner , who criticised merkels course - most anti-merkel voters went for the afd : those are mostly the ones who have n't voted in last elections , but also come from the cdu . 
  * sachsen-anhalt : in the eastern state , afd immediately become the 2nd strongest party , cdu win , but have losses - strong signal against merkel 's policies tl ; dr : ambivalent results, 
  fun facts : * baden-wurttemberg : green party , who support refugee policy of merkel gain more votes than cdu candidate , who criticised her refugee policies - most anti-merkel voters went for the afd , the supporters went for the green party . 
  the spd got lost between . 
  afd voters are mostly the ones who have n't voted in last elections . 
  * rhineland-palatinate : social democrats , who also support refugee policy of merkel win the election over cdu candidate kl\u00f6ckner , who criticised merkels course - most anti-merkel voters went for the afd : those are mostly the ones who have n't voted in last elections , but also come from the cdu . 
  * sachsen-anhalt : in the eastern state , afd immediately become the 2nd strongest party , cdu win , but have losses - strong signal against merkel 's policies tl ; dr : ambivalent results, 
  minarets are still subject to the same building restrictions as any other building . 
  so nothing is allowed to them just because it 's a minaret . 
  [ here is a mosque design that won an award ] ( http://www.mz-web.de/image/23621338/4x3/620/465/3f473c4fbc2aafbb6e8ef985d7afbcd0/og/b-moschee-modell-leipzig-gohlis-250216.jpg ) - and it will be built . 
  as you see it looks modern and fits right in . 
  my city also has a mosque and i have never met anyone who thinks it installs a muslim identity :p ( no call to prayer btw ) : [ image ] ( http://img.fotocommunity.com/hofgarten-7c147806-95c5-488e-9264-6f1161e39187.jpg ), 
  did you comment on the wrong post ? 
  source : [ master of the squeeze . 
  this week 's kal 's cartoon , march 12th 2016 ] ( https://www.instagram.com/p/bcz9n4unmtb/ ), 
  sorry about that , i checked recent submissions but did n't see it . 
  in the german version , the quoted sentence is even longer and you can only say `` wtf '' afterwards . 
  / r/600euro, 
  there was also one called `` balkan train '' , titled with ( roughly translated ) : ` the plague ' is coming and people dressed up as locusts/grasshoppers walking next to it . 
  [ image ] ( http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/zeitgeschehen/2016-02/karneval-fluechtlinge-wagen-koeln-duesseldorf-bilder/bitblt-884x638-705f1804adbceb47722e7a5cd30dcc5ddd8e61e9/karneval-fluechtlinge-wagen-koeln-duesseldorf-08-dpa-picture-alliance-65689320-highres.jpg ), 
  haha , well i meant non-polish fans in general , yes . 
  you should read up on the npd - it 's literally the nazi party and the legal burdens for banning the party are so high that the first attempt to try and ban them was not successful . 
  you can only ban parties that are unconstitutional . 
  so yeah , this is far from being directly related to `` freedom of speech '' , it is more of an institutional and legal thing . 
  yeah i thought so , but given the current sentiment i figured it might as well have been european fans , which would fit right into pis narrative ( your link proves it , thanks ! ), 
  interesting - given that you probably had to buy tickets for the finals well beforehand , you figure most of the fans are of which nationality ? 
  yeah seems they changed the url when they got past the initial * breaking * message unfortunately . 
  read here : http://www.dw.com/en/germany-wins-european-handball-championship-qualifies-for-olympics/a-19014770, 
  not sure where you went to school , but in german highschool we learned about pretty much all groups , it was n't even specifically about jewish people ( those were used as example with the jewish star markings to wear in public , not as `` the '' group that was killed ) - we talked about political enemies , homosexuals , disabled people , jews , gypsies as well as civilians and pows . 
  they excluded all parties that are not in the parliament , shady excuse , but the liberal party ( who used to be strong ) for example is also not present . 
  they will have their own debate or interviews broadcasted at public times as well . 
  the swr disagreed with this , but in order to not loose the whole debate ( many people will watch it ) , they went with it and created this secondary solution with the main parties + non-parliament parties separated . 
  because of that , in rhineland palatinate , the cdu-candidate , julia kl\u00f6ckner has withdrawn her attendance - see here : http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/rheinland-pfalz-julia-kloeckner-lehnt-teilnahme-an-swr-runde-ab-a-1073155.html i hope they get their shit together now . 
  thank you for clearing this up , i wish people from the top comments would read it :p, 
  uh the common narrative here is because they already know their asylum application will get denied ( morocco and algeria are not at war or anything ) they go batshit crazy . 
  sorry , thanks for removing my duplicate !, 
  everyone can request asylum in europe . 
  that is the point of asylum . 
  however , only the ones that deserve it ( = where their application is processed and accepted ) are allowed to stay in the country . 
  the rest is to be sent back ( and yes , there are problems with that , identifying country of origin et cetera , but given the numbers of asylum seekers that got denied , efforts are being increased ) . 
  furthermore , german law states , if you are caught in a crime and sentenced to a year in prison , you will be deported unless special circumstances in your homecountry apply ( such as civil war , death penalty for the culprit , . . ) . 
  however , if you are caught and sentenced to 3 + years , those special circumstances do not matter anymore and you are being deported no matter what because you are deemed a risk to the security of the federal republic of germany . 
  internet , quality of live improved tenfold just because of it :d not even stagnating wages can counter that , 
  he talked about germany . 
  most victims only came forward on the 2nd and 3rd of january , so of course the full scale could not be known . 
  also do n't forget that jan 1 is an national holiday , which was immediately followed-up by a weekend . 
  some seemingly local incident is of course not going to be reported if deemed not important enough . 
  and the importance and scale only showed in the days after the incident and now it gets huuuuuge attention . 
  so please . 
  they even apologised for not realising and broadcasting it earlier .
