hopefully they 're as good as the bbc and british parliament . 
  i can never put a finger on the pulse of this sub . 
  most of the time it 's infuriatingly left and then you 'll get some nice moments like this ... 
  i think there 's truth to that . 
  when the utopian cultural marxists realize that all cultures are n't of equal value , it will be a great day for humanity . 
  hopefully too many people do n't die waiting for your type to realize that . 
  fair enough . 
  this was the first time i saw it in this sub and there was only one comment when i commented and this seems like a pretty big story . 
  i do n't see any of it at all . 
  your media is probably better than ours . 
  so why has the media ignored how fucked up turkey has gotten ? 
  lol what ? 
  you do n't think the japanese are racist ? 
  you ever heard one of them talk about china ? 
  they 're 99 % homogenous for a reason ... 
  freedom of religion does n't mean you take people who want to destroy freedom of religion and western culture , the amalgamation of our actual western values that were founded in judaism and christianity . 
   which goes against the values we 're trying to defend . 
  i do n't think tolerating those who are intolerant of western society is a value , it 's called being a push over . 
  yea , the un gets pretty pissed when people try to stop rape . 
  really offends all their peacekeepers . 
  that 's not how the main papers in the uk were reporting brexit . 
  in terms of actual odds they were throwing out and overall rhetoric . 
  okay , perfect , so countries can choose to be or not to be in nato . 
  so you ca n't say the u.s. is forcing anyone to be apart of nato . 
  if you do n't want to give up your nation 's citizens sovereign power over their own country to a european superstate led by unelected aristocratic bureaucrats , that makes you far right in europe apparently . 
  i will clarify my question , does the european union choose to be in nato yes or no ? 
  so you 're going to ignore my 2 other examples so you can play semantics with 1 of them ? 
   both eu and the us have some quite crazy politicians , but they are not ambassadors . 
  so what ? 
  multiple european politicians whose countries take money from us want to compare our president to hitler and have him protect them from russia . 
  how is that not blatant hypocrisy ? 
  and ? 
  so what ? 
  does europe choose to be in nato yes or no ? 
  and if not who is forcing them ? 
  yikes that was my bad , first image for `` nato country by budget '' turned out to be `` military expenditure by nato country '' , my bad . 
  point still stand that we pay 75 % of the budget . 
  [ the entire heated exchange occurred after corbyn , a deeply unpopular politician , loosely compared trump to adolf hitler and may to former prime minister neville chamberlain , who was attacked for appeasing the nazi leader in 1938 . 
  ] ( http://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/02/01/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-obliterates-anti-trump-politician-with-9-word-statement/ ) [ german vice chancellor sigma gabriel - in europe , which is coping with a migrant crisis , gabriel said trump and '' ** all these right-wing populists are not only a threat to peace and social cohesion , but also to economic development . 
  ** '' gabriel lashed out in an interview with german publication welt am sonntag on sunday . 
  ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/world/americas/77766494/world-leaders-compare-donald-trump-to-hitler ) [ in a debate in the commons , labour mp dennis skinner compared trump to mussolini and hitler and urged johnson to `` ban '' trump from visiting . 
  ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-is-not-hitler-so-stop-demonising-him-says-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-2017-1 ), 
  you sure about that ? 
  [ european union president donald tusk says china , russia and the u.s. administration of president donald trump are among the top external threats facing the bloc . 
  ] ( http://www.voanews.com/a/eu-leader-identifies-russia-china-trump-as-threats/3701324.html ) anything else you need me to prove wrong ? 
   i want to call their bluff . 
  how is us paying for your protection from russia a bluff ? 
  any dolt who can google `` nato budget by country '' can see we give ~ 75 % of the budget . 
   the united states is in this seemingly unfavorable relationship because it grants them political influence and a form of military hegemony . 
  so we are forcing europe to take billions from us annually for nato ? 
  might explain how you came to that conclusion ? 
  [ the entire heated exchange occurred after corbyn , a deeply unpopular politician , loosely compared trump to adolf hitler and may to former prime minister neville chamberlain , who was attacked for appeasing the nazi leader in 1938 . 
  ] ( http://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/02/01/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-obliterates-anti-trump-politician-with-9-word-statement/ ) [ german vice chancellor sigma gabriel - in europe , which is coping with a migrant crisis , gabriel said trump and '' ** all these right-wing populists are not only a threat to peace and social cohesion , but also to economic development . 
  ** '' gabriel lashed out in an interview with german publication welt am sonntag on sunday . 
  ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/world/americas/77766494/world-leaders-compare-donald-trump-to-hitler ) [ in a debate in the commons , labour mp dennis skinner compared trump to mussolini and hitler and urged johnson to `` ban '' trump from visiting . 
  ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-is-not-hitler-so-stop-demonising-him-says-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-2017-1 ), 
  but you have politicians who want to take our money to fund nato ( we fund 75 % of the entire budget ) to protect you from russia right ? 
  edit : what ? 
  none of you can justify the blatant hypocrisy ? 
  come on , someone here has be decent enough at mental gymnastic to at least try ? 
   he compared us to the ussr for starters ... that 's bad enough . 
  oh yea , no european politicians have compared trump to hitler right ? 
  that has n't happened at all ? 
  but they want to take our money for nato to protect themselves from russia right ? 
  edit : * crickets *, 
  what gaffes did he commit ? 
  daring to criticize the european union ? 
  do you really want to get into how eu leaders have been constantly insulting trump and compare insults ? 
  i 'll admit i 'm biased because i believe everyone is biased , i do appreciate you trying to take an objective approach however . 
  the problem i see is that the establishment politicians in europe are ignoring these obvious problems of mass immigration and in some cases covering it up and lying to the public , like in sweden and germany . 
  another alarming trend i 've seen is politicians grandstanding on the issue of the increasing amount of sexual crimes by telling women what to wear , when to go out in public and even going so far to hand out bracelets that tell people not to rape . 
  that 's what a rape culture looks like as it puts the blame on the victim and it has no place in western society . 
  she is the leading presidential candidate . 
  to say she does n't represent france in anyway is ridiculous when she has the most support from the french people compared to any other candidate running for office at the moment . 
  because she dared to defy the european establishment narrative that globalism and multi-culturalism are inherently good concepts no matter what . 
  cool , that 's good for you . 
  we are still more polarized than we 've ever been and ignoring that does no good for anyone . 
  the electorate in the u.s. is the most polarized it 's ever been . 
  85 % of republicans approve of trump , 8 % of democrats do . 
  for other presidents it never goes below the 30s or 40s on either sides disapproval percentage . 
  it 's fucked . 
  we live in a polarized society . 
  not going to do any good ignoring it . 
  i apologize , i meant the french and danish . 
   france -- french european constitution referendum , 2005 , 29 may 2005 , 54.7 % against , turnout 69.4 %  netherlands -- dutch european constitution referendum , 2005 , 1 june 2005 , 61.5 % against , turnout 63.3 % source : wikipedia portugal did plan to have a referendum in 2005 to ratify the tce but ended up not having it ( along with about 5 other countries ) . 
  is my source wrong on that ? 
  fun-fact : portugal and france voted in 2005 to leave the european union and were ignored by their governments . 
  wow , you just took the cake of most ignorant comment here from the idiot who said zuckerberg has no political power . 
  how is wanting to restrict immigration , raise export tariffs and enforce borders a globalist agenda ? 
  here 's a 24 minute speech by steve bannon , trump 's chief strategist , about his political philosophy and includes why globalization will hurt the u.s. : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ntd2zax_tc&amp;t=1271s, 
  explain it to me then . 
  i 'm off today , thanks for your interest though . 
  thanks mate . 
  i have the facts on my side so i really do n't mind , but your religion comment is interesting . 
  i never thought about it like that , but it 's so true . 
  these people are just ideologues who crank out their ideologically correct globalist rubbish bc it 's been fed to them , no matter the reality they see with their own eyes . 
   the moment someone mentions ( ( ( globalism ) ) ) they lose any credibility . 
  the moment i mention the agenda of these people * that they admit to trying to push * i lose credibility ? 
  did you miss mark zuckerberg 's 5,000 word manifesto on why globalism is the future that came out a few days ago ? 
  why are you burying your head in the sand like it 's not happening when they literally admit to it ?
