  how is that not a better reason ? 
  i know , but if you put yourself in russia 's place you 'll think differently . 
  especially when ukraine wants to join eu , in their mind they can never allow that . 
  the difference is their reasons to bring back `` war '' are way more valid than many wars started by many western countries , including germany . 
  prokofiev , stravinsky , rachmaninoff , all above tchaikovsky, 
   islam is not a peace promoting ideology , how harsh it may sound . 
  this is what most people do n't get . 
  their religion tells them they will rule the world , it 's like germany with hitler being god thankfully only the radicals see it this way , but they have reasons to, 
  te cheapest bitoque + imperial i had was 4.50 $ , but you do n't see it much, 
  exactly . 
  russia says the borders . 
  other countries obey . 
  russia never wanted to be a superpower . 
  russia only wants to be left alone, 
  i 'm sorry , i must have been confused with another user who said it . 
  still , most people voted for austerity and europe . 
  and in my opinion is because our syriza , like the first syriza , are liers that promise things they ca n't keep , and most people does n't know economy to know that . 
  at least the communists admit they want everyone to be equally poor , those i can understand, 
  okay , although we can never know if spain would attack us or morocco would try to steal our seas , for example , if we were isolated , i will agree that nobody will ever want to attack us . 
  our only risk of war is some other nato member being attacked , but for that we have the us , they pay for those wars . 
   everyone is free to leave nato as they wish and if the us somehow spinned that as treason it would leave a very bad impression on the other members so why the hell would we leave if not to say we 're against them ? 
  do you think the other members would be on our side or the us ? 
  we have the world 's oldest alliance witht the uk , would we just throw it away because we do n't feel like being protected ? 
   austria is neutral because they want to be yes , but it 's because of their history that is very different from ours . 
  russia was in austria , so they could never join nato when it was created . 
  their only ally before that was germany , who was forced to join nato on their west , but austria could n't join , because it was with russia along east germany, 
  it 's definitely not about the money , pcp wants to leave nato because it 's ideologically anti-russia and anti-communism . 
  we need to be able to defend ourselves if someone hypothetically wants to attack us , if we were n't in nato we would need to spend even more in a proper army . 
  austria is neutral because it 's in the middle , it must be friend of everyone because everyone can attack them . 
  and we 've always been allied with the west , if we left they might see it as a `` treason '' . 
  nobody 's ever left and lots of countries want to get in . 
  if we left they would n't help us when we needed for sure what you can ask is why the hell does nato still exist , but while it does we ca n't really leave it without suffering possible aggravating consequences, 
  the problem is that there is still no left coalition , which the president also said in his speech . 
  if you read the article , you 'll understand there 's nothing wrong in the president 's decision and everyone expected him to do this, 
  what difference does it make ? 
  besides , it 's always good to have allies . 
  if you ask me , i prefer russia to the us , but we ca n't really choose given our geographical location and our history, 
   they do n't need a formal agreement , if the first party ca n't gain the confidence of the house you let the second party try , and see if they have the votes necessary . 
  informal coalitions happen all the time , the votes are all that matters . 
  parliamentary democracy 101 . 
  that 's what will happen almost certainly . 
  what 's the problem , then ? 
  it has got nothing to do with what you said . 
   is that the impression you got when he ranted that a leftist coalition would be economic death of portugal and he had to do everything in his power to prevent it ? 
  really ? 
  the impression i got was that he stated his opinion . 
  if they present a majority government proposal , he ca n't refuse . 
   do what the minority incumbent wants , or else !, 
  yes , that 's not an affront to parliamentary democracy at all . 
  or else what ? 
  did he make any threats ? 
  he 's from the incumbent party and he was voted for president . 
  what he 's saying is what everyone already knew he thinks . 
  he 's not saying do what they want , he 's saying try to find an agreement because a left coalition would doom us . 
  what most people do n't understand is that he does n't believe there will ever be a left coalition , that 's why he 's saying that . 
  he never said he wo n't appoint them to government if they in fact present an absolute majority government proposal . 
   he heavily implied that even with a left coalition he would n't let them take a shot though , because he 's afraid of the markets responding to instability . 
  he said his opinion of what would happen if he let a left coalition assume the government . 
  he also said he would act within his constitutional powers . 
  i do n't see how he can not appoint them to government if they present a government proposal . 
  if he rejected , that would certainly lead to a constitutional crisis , but it has n't happened and i think it wo n't happen . 
  even if in an extreme case it did happen , most portuguese would agree with him and there would n't be a revolution or general dissatisfaction like most foreigners think it would . 
   he also tried to convince elected mps from the biggest left party to vote against the party 's stance . 
  that was the main purpose of his speech , yes . 
  i do n't see where is the problem , it 's his duty to say what he thinks it 's best for portugal and act accordingly . 
  found this one today and now i want to go to war https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgkaztrhxmi, 
   it is my duty , within my constitutional powers , to do everything possible to prevent where does he say he 'll never give them government . 
  if that 's really what the people want , he 'll have no choice . 
  however , that 's not what most people want , and nobody in portugal is even worried about it , but i guess we 're very different from the rest of the world he basically said his more than predictable opinion  so because the policies of the left coalition are too anti-eu and would probably screw over bankers hes not willing to let them take over ... and of course you had to be lefty and anti-eu , as all those who are making a storm in teacup, 
  did he * really * ? 
  although your analogy is almost spot on , there are two things that make it less fucked up : 1 . 
  the left parties did n't promise to back the liberals , they did n't reach an agreement other than saying they 'll not support the conservatives . 
  the president did n't say he would * never * appoint a left coalition , the speech was an indirect remark to the runner-up party stop acting like kids and let the conservative government pass, 
  probably , it does n't mean they 'll have their own budget, 
  what a fucking idiot, 
   i make that a leftist coalition with a workable majority of 7 . 
  i already said there is no left wing coalition . 
  nothing is signed , and i seriously doubt they could reach an agreement that would n't make each of the 3 parties ' electorate feel cheated . 
  so now you believe whatever the fuck you want, 
  slowly you go far , the best portuguese saying . 
  edit : also - fast and good , no one could ( the best rhyming translation i could think of ), 
  maybe foreigners have an anti-euro agenda and are making that up . 
  who do you trust more , citizens of the country or foreigner journalists ? 
  am i the only one who thinks the [ dutch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwbrr_g70re ) sounds like a christmas song ? 
  i prefer the irish . 
  the welsh sounds like church choir to me https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_gcpcfabnq, 
  there is no left wing coalition, 
  funnily enough , my favourites from the rugby sf are australian and argentinian, 
  what is your country , if i may ask ? 
  well yes , but the people that voted in those parties he criticized were only 18.5 % or something like that ... edit : 18,5 % of the voters , and it 's not far-fetched to assume the most extremist voters will have more drive to go voting than those more moderate and centered , so seeing abstention was about 50 % , it 's really less than 10 % of the population, 
  i do n't understand your point , where did he not follow the will of the people ? 
  i do n't like politics , so i liked what he said . 
  he said what he really thought , his true opinion , which is very rare in politicians . 
  i do n't know why people are so upset about it , it 's common knowledge that he 's conservative, 
  completely unbiased , it 's ours . 
  i really like the russian , german and italian . 
  what the hell , there is no constitucional crisis . 
  the president assigned the government to the party that had the most votes . 
  why is that so weird for foreigners ? 
  what the hell did i just say ?
