exactly , moscow is the third rome . 
  and they 're probably the most christian country there is , that 's also why they ca n't be trusted , because they wo n't always act for their economic benefit , they are not completely materialistic, 
  lucky bastards, 
  you 're right, 
   6th of december i think in spain they only deliver presents then because it 's the date the 3 wise men delivered their presents, 
  why would n't eu accept christians ? 
  that makes absolutely no sense . 
  europe always was christian . 
  and it has fought muslims , especially turkey , until very recently . 
  the only one who still is a declared enemy of the turks is russia , and that 's why they have such suport from persia in middle east . 
  of course not , you 'd have to be a terrible monster . 
  how do those palestinian dare to attack them, 
  ireland is the one that surprises most . 
  the netherlands were always rich , with commerce and banks, 
  yes , that 's exactly what i did op is the one who started . 
  i could have said country , but the idea is the same . 
  worse , these are the people we wanted to join europe . 
  then russia is the evil and wrong one, 
  strawman is arguing against something i never claimed . 
  i never claimed there were no alternatives . 
  i gave the american example as an alternative . 
  i never claimed invading a country was the same as selling culture . 
  i said it was an alternative imperialistic manifestation . 
  about those problems i do n't know much about , but they are not important for an argument of whether russia has reasons to do what they do or not . 
  i did n't say it was the same , i said there are alternatives , which is the opposite of what you said i said . 
  strawman everywhere and people have a choice if the american want them to have , which means that if america is really interested in a country they will force them to make business with them , like the british before them , under the proposition of `` freeing '' them . 
  like they do in middle east . 
  the only example i remember now of a country deliberately going against the us is cuba , but they are not that useful for americans to be upset, 
  it 's lucky that no one makes fun of jesus , then . 
   claiming they have no choice but to invade their neighbors i think one does n't imply the other . 
  there are many ways of being imperialistic . 
  america is also invading us with their culture , if you want, 
  i did n't say they had no choice , what are you talking about ? 
  the successor of the uk is the us , it 's pretty obvious . 
  the false countries the uk created , like australia and canada , do anything the us tells them to do . 
  you 're talking like russia has no logical reason to do what they do and they just do it because they 're evil . 
  i 'm just saying they have logical reasons , like the uk once had , and many other countries had . 
  i 'm not arguing whose idea is better , or who is right or wrong . 
  i 'm just saying russia 's reasons , i never even said i agree with them . 
  just like germany had reasons to start world war ii , the russians also have reasons to do what they 're doing . 
  russia is a natural empire , always was imperialistic . 
  they are too big and their location and geopolitical interests do n't allow them not to be . 
  their control of their surroundings comes from the fear of barbarians that traumatized them when they were conquered by the mongols . 
  their fight against the ottoman comes from being christian and thinking they are the third rome . 
  no , submit to the us means play by their rules . 
  be capitalist , democratic , etc. . . 
  the thing is the german and japanese are better at it than the us , but that 's a different story . 
  russia in this case is trying not to lose the part of ukraine they consider to be theirs . 
  fukuyama is great , but it 's about the all world . 
  `` the origins of political order '' and `` political order and political decay '' to start, 
  i know , i 'm also biased because i like their culture and think they 're the only true christians remaining . 
  western moral is a false christianism , especially since the 2nd world war . 
  i understand they did very wrong things in the past and are still doing in the present . 
  but they 're not the only ones , which is what most people seem to think, 
  ok then , i give up , russia is bad , i 'll keep it in mind, 
  i never said they were right , i was just saying their reasons . 
  i do n't condone war , i just do n't like anti-russians . 
  i also think russia is not preventing you from being independent , nor poland , only ukraine and it 's not even their independence , who for them always was russian and is their connection to europe . 
  you should know that , because you attacked it . 
   so beneath civilized ? 
  other wise known as ... second class !, 
  for me and any christian , every human is the same . 
  that second class must come from the american/english moral you have . 
  but i can see you 're just a bigot , unwilling to see both sides of the coin . 
  american are the best and only want to be safe and world peace , russia only knows how to start wars , without anyone attacking them . 
  pure evil was n't expecting anything else coming from an australian , to be honest . 
  you are just america 's bitches , like canada and england, 
  it 's not like lithuania and poland never did anything to them . 
  and it 's not me who thinks that , it 's the russian . 
  and barbarians does n't mean second tier , it just means less civilized . 
  they were traumatized by the mongols and since then tried to control everything around them . 
  but you 're right , the civilized are even worse because they make fun of russia and say they are right and smarter and we should all be in a single western empire . 
  but russia just says no we do n't , we are big and strong so with what right do you tell us what to do ? 
  it 's only natural . 
  they do n't want to lose ukraine to the west because that would mean they are out of europe , just another asian country . 
  what the hell , all of that and you just repeated what i said . 
  russia never wanted to rule the world , never messed with western europe , only eastern europe , the most western they got was east germany for obvious reasons , they are imperial by nature , they 're too big and messy not to be , like china , so of course they want to keep the `` barbarians '' under their control . 
  i 'm not saying we should submit to russia because they do n't want us to , but americans do and it 's not entirely optional . 
  the cultural part is important to understand their point of view . 
  i really ca n't understand all the hate russia gets when they never did any harm to the west and actually helped us quite a few times, 
  much before that https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kievan_rus%27 and you 're basically saying that russia should submit to the us . 
  is that not obvious ? 
  we are in an american empire , playing by american rules , and you 're saying russia , an enemy empire , culturally against western american/british moral ( russia was always the most christian country and thinks they are the third rome ) should join us . 
  russia never even wanted to rule the world like american do , they just want to rule their part of the world . 
  they never wanted more influence in western europe , they never entered any wars against europe before they were attacked , only against muslim and without them europe would n't have survived . 
  i for one am grateful for their work against turkey , since we ( portugal and spain ) also had to expell muslim from europe , and always fought them everywhere . 
  and america obviously wants them to rule as little as possible . 
  russia and the west ca n't be friendly because they 're two completely different and enemy empires , each fighting for more power and each thinking they are right . 
  the russians think moscow is the third rome and that western moral is just a false christianism . 
  even when they were communists the turkish probably never believed they were atheists . 
  the americans think democracy and capitalism is the best and want to impose it to everyone , to `` free '' them . 
  regarding your previous comment , is n't that what russia always did ? 
  use their power to bully the little guys ? 
  is n't that what america also does , in a way ? 
  probably only the belarusians like them . 
  but did n't the russian empire start in ukraine ? 
  do they not have rightful reasons to think they belong with them , or at least not against them ? 
  i 'm not even talking about the economical benefits , etc. . . just culturally and historically . 
  obviously ukraine does n't want to , but it should still be acting as a tampon , not almost declaring war to russia . 
  i know , but russia not only lost territory , but has seen some of that territory turn completely against them and try to join the west ( enemy ) .
