maybe . 
  i need to ask that question to the people of afghanistan , iraq and libya . 
  edit : i forgot about syria . 
  did you noticed that those guys with torches were representing maidan protesters ? 
  hell 's branch office . 
  thanks !, 
  i hope that cnn and abc broadcast in the internet . 
  sounds not so good  is there good channel ? 
  why ? 
  i 'd say : they * think * that know more about our country than people that have n't been there once, 
  maybe . 
  omg . 
  keep calm already . 
  go the street and be happy that there are no russians around you . 
  i 'm so sorry that you are russian . 
  it must be very difficult to you . 
  but you need to be more civilized living in europe . 
  they explained that you will need to show your passport mostly in post office if you need wi-fi . 
  wi-fi at parks , subway , schools , universities and hospitals in moscow ( ??? 
  what about the rest of russia ? ), 
  is still no need for registration ( for now  ) . 
  if you know russian then you can read it : http://itar-tass.com/obschestvo/1368342 veeery strange explanation of this law . 
  you read some blogs written by schizophrenics . 
  very strange . 
  you watch russian news . 
  very strange . 
  you think that i 'm brainwashed but you know nothing about me . 
  very strange . 
  and you hate yourself for being russian ( and do n't like russians ) - i 'm sorry . 
  but you did n't answer me - where blogs were forbidden ? 
  they were n't . 
  rules now are much more strong , but blogs are not forbidden . 
  and you were wrong about that crazy theory that is `` mainstream theory in russia '' . 
  no it 's not . 
  our politics are veeeeery bad but you do n't need to demonize russia and russians . 
  you live in eu , that 's great . 
  be happy with it . 
  but no , you go to the internet and write some untruthful so called `` facts '' about russia . 
  if you hate to admit yourself that you are russian - then do some good things . 
  help people or animals or do something else . 
  maybe it will help you . 
  i live in russia . 
  you can find conspiracy theories about every big event in the world . 
  and the main theory in russia about that plane is - that it was shot down by ukrainian army . 
  and btw trusting russian or ukrainian media is a really big mistake . 
  they are different . 
  american propaganda is more intellectual i think . 
  our propaganda is more straightforward . 
   blogs are already forbidden . 
  where ? 
   the sad thing is that this is a mainstream theory in russia . 
  where did you read this ? 
  you are not from russia , i guess . 
   many people still think they live in the empire . 
  about what places do you talk ? 
  where are these people . 
  and we do n't have internet . 
  not on russia but on russian leaders and big businessmen ( businassmen ) . 
  definitely no . 
  experience . 
  our politics do n't want more land . 
  western people do n't like your comment . 
  never . 
  so , no total war ? 
  shit . 
  better to check it with dosimeter ... 
  most of it was done by our hands :(, 
  perestroika . 
  by idiotic and deleterious way . 
  as a russian i 'm only sorry for yeltsin . 
  i hope that he is burning in hell now . 
  gorbachev is on route . 
  and let total war begin !, 
  map sellers conspiracy . 
  plus it will bring closer global warming , 
  damn . 
  my country is terrible energy dependent from russia . 
  yarosh is almost dead . 
  he must remember ernst r\u00f6hm . 
  `` collateral damage '', 
  chechen , russian - what the difference ? 
  where i can grab damn gun ?? 
  but how it refers to polish embassy ? 
  so you watch other toxic tv or press . 
  however i hope that south-east region will stay in ukraine . 
  and ukraine will become a part of eu ( after turkey ) . 
  why kiev ? 
  because i know a few people from kiev . 
  same opinion . 
  so , you know nothing about russians . 
  i got it . 
  it 's sad that here on reddit there is n't even one real russian `` nationalist and imperialist xenophobe '' that live in russia . 
  so you ca n't ask him about `` russians are nationalist and imperialist xenophobes '' and 282 article of the criminal law . 
  how many nations live in russia ? 
  are they all nationalists and xenophobes ? 
  i live in national republic with only 39,7 % of russians . 
  and we are all `` nationalist and imperialist xenophobes '' . 
  ok-ok . aaaaand look at chechnya and % of russians there before two wars and after . 
  work of russian `` nationalist and imperialist xenophobes '' . 
  and keep in mind that all ex-ussr people on reddit are not typical for ex-ussr .
