it 's ok poland , we ca n't quantify our feelings towards you either :p, 
  my favorite currently is [ the canyon observer - our universe , written in blood ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brvzgkkb_qg ) sadly youtube seems to only have a poor quality live version of it . 
  i 'd say the pet theory is more likely . 
  we have a karst shepard at home and it 's not very uncommon for him to howl . 
  this comes to mind [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_jmfze52i8] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_jmfze52i8 ), 
  honestly , how else would you do it ? 
  say you do n't agree with any of them . 
  vote for the lesser of evils ? 
  we tried that the last time and look at how it panned out . 
  ofcourse it 's financial opportunity , why else would anyone do it . 
  you ca n't do something just because you love doing it without having something to support it financially . 
  but the point still stands . 
   why so ? 
  by exploring space you find many , many planets in different states , different cosmic environments . 
  studying how planets are affected by those conditions in turn tells us more about earth . 
  also it will lead to more efficient , possibly quicker space travel , which would be helpful for , among other things , potentially colonizing other planets . 
  i believe space is the best solution for to the overpopulation problem . 
  and lastly it will help us identify threats ( for instance , asteroids ) to our planet in advance . 
  space exploration and social equity can both exist without sacrificing the other . 
  there are people dedicated to one problem , and people dedicated to another . 
  new technology is pretty much always expensive at first but gets much , much cheaper as time passes . 
  while i do acknowledge that social equity is a problem i do n't think allocating the funds going to esa will resolve the issue . 
  fruthermore , while this may seem a bit heartless , i believe it 's much more risky to further limit space exploration . 
  i am no expert , but social equity seems more of a political problem than a financial one . 
  i beg to differ . 
  [ here ] ( http://spinoff.nasa.gov/pdf/shuttle_spinoffs.pdf ) are the so called spinoffs that were developed thanks to the shuttle program . 
  [ nasa spinoffs site . 
  ] ( http://spinoff.nasa.gov/ ) the best way to make new , interesting and helpful solutions is to explore the unexplored . 
  yeah ... 
  i was disappointed by that . 
  i 'm pretty sure the result would be different if there would be a better turnout . 
  i does n't say it kills the smoker . 
  walking around trying to kill yourself only to leave death behind you . 
  i can use neither :(, 
  my personal take on it ? 
  it 's acceptable to say `` fuck you '' to a person who without actual legitimate reason says `` fuck you '' to a person he most likely does n't even know . 
  i mean seriously . 
  hating a person for being something they did n't really choose and actually does n't affect anyone in any way but their prejudice ? 
  i personally can not understand the logic behind being anti-gay . 
  i 'm actually quite convinced they know exactly what they are doing . 
  the placement of the shield is also different . 
  yeah , i forgot about that . 
   go live the life of a 5-10 year old growing up along side a main road . 
  implying that driverless cars will be as bad as drivers who do n't pay attention . 
  that 's the whole point to do these kinds of cars . 
  to eliminate the human error . 
   ahh yeah , fuck the poor they do n't have jobs to go to anyway . 
  any technology that goes into mass production will eventually become cheaper . 
  case and point : computers . 
  this should n't really be a concern at the moment . 
   as a utopian ideal it 's something of a failure then . 
  well , mostly an ideal is an abstract idea that is almost impossible to achieve . 
  there are things relatively close to it though . 
   your information will be tracked , perhaps like the 5th element in time . 
  certain people may or may not get restricted access via gps . 
  so it changes nothing . 
  a lot of people are using gps navigation as well as a lot of phones have it built in . 
  this issue is much broader than limiting it to driverless cars . 
   so think of a networked car system relying on intercommunication and external services . 
  if a driverless car has to significantly rely on this then it is a fault . 
  even military grade equipment is n't faultless in communication . 
  driverless cars should mostly rely on its own sensors . 
  intercommunication should not be necessary . 
  just think about it . 
  accidents are usually caused by either drivers not paying attention or having late reaction time . 
  machines are far better at these kinds of things . 
  even though i love driving my car i do n't see this as a necessarily bad thing . 
  having the car deal with congestion by itself giving me time to do stuff on my laptop for instance . 
  my car driving home by itself after i drove it to the airport to avoid parking fees . 
  going to a party and not caring how much i drink because the car can drive me home . 
  not to mention people who ca n't drive cars themselves but would benefit from personal transportation ( amputees , blind people , ... ) . 
  in time overall safer driving by ridding the streets of bad drivers . 
   driverless cars are still going to be cutting through residential areas and killing people . 
  i 'd like to hear the reasoning with this . 
   they do n't help the poor . 
  well , that 's not the point of this . 
   they do n't ease congestion in any significant manner . 
  not until the majority of the cars on the road are self driving cars , no . 
   they wo n't create places where people want to live and play . 
  this is n't the point of these types of cars either . 
   also have we forgotten everything about the nsa and google ? 
  in what way is this relevant ? 
   we have n't even been able to secure webservers . 
  and we most likely never will . 
  it should be noted that the really juicy ones are usually taken from our southern friends . 
  while pivo is the correct term we usually use `` pir '' ( pronounced peer ) . 
  at least in central slovenia . 
  good news !, 
  to be fair , a lot of emails go through gmail . 
  even a lot of companies have their email account set through gmail . 
  you can try to limit it but you ca n't really avoid it unless literally everyone changes providers . 
  i thought that the us government scanning gmail and other google services ( or simmilar free services based in the us ) was public knowledge even before all this . 
  guess not . 
  indeed they are . 
  went to their concert in april . 
  was not disappointed . 
  but i think they could have used more fire . 
  typical ? 
  how so ? 
  that may or may not help .
