i 'm okay with this . 
  [ i got a tip that there 's a nordic-imposter among us !, 
  ] ( http://satwcomic.com/imposter ), 
  the only problem there is that he has a bear he pets in his lap instead of a cat . 
  any plan involving retaking constantinople is a good one . 
  i like this plan . 
  conflict of attrition so just fight during summer and spring ? 
  oh so odin himself does n't have the right to use the trademark ? 
  i for one wellcome our new german overlords anyways . 
  they 'll even claim it if someone farted in the whitehouse . 
  well go ahead and kiss him he 's irish . 
  maybe that way we could have known '' why did constantinople get the works ? '', 
  sorry mate but you got ta pay iran egypt ect ect . 
  the change of name wont let you get away from paying britain , france , spain and italy ... germania . 
  then the winged hussars arrived !, 
  could not ressist . 
  nope mordor is n't even in europe it 's in new zeeland . 
  or you know take the potato out of their mouth . 
  i guess luxembourg is a sick country . 
  but ... they 're already broken ... 
  did you also steal our moose sign ? 
  wait they 're diffrent countries ?!, 
  i 'm surprised the entire ocean is still here . 
  i go with the safer bet and say da vinci jr. 
  yea what nerds !, 
  why ca n't they joust like normal teens ? 
  but that 's sexist to charge a woman with curruption . 
  lets hope the ferris wheel does n't lean aswell . 
  no they have horned helmets and therefor is racist towards vikings . 
  you are already in scandinavia it 's estonia we refuse to let in . 
  your master plan was to be surrounded so you can attack in all directions !, 
  what if we take germany in aswell and let them be in charge this time ? 
  because anything but letting the danes be in charge !, 
  would you like some fries with that ? 
  yea why do people have to hate on chaplin ? 
  hey we just planned way ahead so the commies would n't destroy it . 
  also we kinda did the same to alot of german states before that . 
  there is a yo momma joke in there but i 'll let someone eles do it . 
  no we 're not . 
  also you should n't ask so many questions . 
  ( cough ) he knows to much . 
  ( cough ), 
  do n't forget the russian law that gives a citizen the right to arm bears . 
  blue to trump , red to putin , i still do n't know what white might be for . 
  now the question is who had the better hair . 
  my bet is on the bad guy from pirates of the caribbean . 
  so now i have to call leprechauns sensei ? 
  i want both aragon and flanders to become it 's own countries just to mess with the americans minds even more . 
  he wants to see what he desires to see that blind sultan . 
  because your goverment ca n't follow simple ikea instructions . 
  this is why brexit have n't happend they ca n't build the chairs for the meeting . 
  you sir reinvented greek fire . 
  i was talking to the new guys . 
  but yea kinda fun fact that germany wanted to go with it aswell . 
  [ damn it beat me to it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fswimoo8zne ) edit : on a side note better fix your nordic cross flags if you want to stay that way . 
  i think they 'll be fine with it aslong the pope or some cardinal bless the fast food . 
  [ a self protrait . ], 
  [ we 're way ahead of you thinking that . ], 
  ( http://satwcomic.com/new-nordic ), 
  yea i would n't survive a day without times new roman . 
  atleast he is n't being burnt down almost every year . 
  well shit got real . 
  so what you 're saying is that the luxembourgers are the new jews ? 
  75kg of cheese in the car , take one down , pass it around, 
  cheesus *, 
  swiss banks ? 
  pffft bitch please that was so yesterday it 's all about those swiss bunkers now . 
  and denmark as the accident . 
  so you try to lower the price for your liking what are you a jew ? 
  oh do n't pretend that you exist . 
  it is unless liam neeson will find them and kill them . 
  i was n't talking about her i was talking about a normal pencil . 
  yes i can already hear the pen writing angry letters asking him to step down . 
  wellcome to dictatorships may i take your order ? 
  i did not expect spain to be the next country in this . 
  all i imagne is disneyland with rides based on historic events and people and instead of taking photos with disney charaters you do it with like vlad the impaler and voltaire . 
  our cheap cheif weapon is embargoes . 
  embargoes and trade trading , two weapons are embargoes and trade and impossible to understand system of what and how the goverment is voted in , three weapons embargoes trade and impossible to understand system of what and how the goverment is voted in . 
  and a almost fanatical devotion to unite europe , amongs our weaponry are such things as umm i 'll come in again ... 
  it was his brows was n't it ? 
  so a tittie commitiee ? 
  look on the bright side this way polish companies can into space . 
  this is the internet anyone can talk to someone eles about it for like 5 minutes and than claim they 're the the absolute genius on the matter . 
  and somehow the finns sounds less drunk . 
  i think it more depends on how drunk the person is . 
  normal drunk or norwegian drunk ? 
  well if they ca n't into nordic they will hack themself in ? 
  we need a bigger firewall !, 
  i would n't be worried about the plate i would be more worried about the extra cloth padding you wear under said plate . 
  in other words father to charlemagnes father pepin the short . 
  what if someone define theirself as a woman ? 
  no make charlemagne happy and move it to aachen . 
  because the most extreme neo nazis are out of a job because they stole it . 
  they took our jobs !!, 
  siri : well nowhere , you killed capitalism remember ? 
  by the way as you killed it that means apple is no more therefor i am out of a job so good bye . 
  * turns of *, 
  so the next things of europe will be lunatics of europe ? 
  nope he played the fiddle while rome was burning . 
  depends if you count in anatolia or not .
