i 'm broke and no job experience ... 
  cause it 's hot and my body does n't like it at all . 
  i 'm built for cold climates . 
  i live in the orange parts http://jmj41.com/meteo/temp_moy.png believe me , i really want to move out to norway , canada or sweden ... 
  who cares about an award ? 
  on top of it , why mention that he is dutch ? 
  i find odd to be dutch and have family in a shit hole like gaza . 
  this story means nothing . 
  where was it originally headed to ? 
  does it really contain missiles and guns ? 
  even if it 's supplies for rebels , why does that matter anyways ? 
  i 'm a little skeptic here . 
  does this occur often in this cold country ? 
  is this ironic ? 
  because gm food focus on profits and efficiency , while many countries have a culture of gastronomy and good food . 
  the two are not always compatible . 
  it might be true that gm food are safe , but on the taste level , it 's really hard to really tell . 
  gatronomy and culinary arts requires diversity . 
  many places in europe are praised for their food , so it 's obvious they do n't want to change that . 
  also , they 're suspicious on anything coming from the us , and i do n't think they 're wrong . 
  it 's hard to know what is good and bad in gmos , and it 's a little easy to say it would solve world hunger . 
  also decades of agriculture and traditions i guess . 
  well yeah i guess you 're right ... still those things wo n't put them in jail ... 
  i think it 's an excuse to put him in jail , to stop what he is doing with wikileaks . 
  anyhow , you can still wonder why the media would talk about this rape instead of any other rape . 
  you mean the other way around ? 
  this affair reeks of a setup . 
  `` kill the messenger , dismiss the message '' . 
  even if he did rape those girls , why would that change anything about wikileaks ? 
  those are 2 separate things . 
  that 's an environment issue , not an immigration issue . 
  i think western people would colonize the rest of the world and re start from scratch , just like it happened in the us . 
  i do n't think those people either get their paperwork , a job , or the right to live there . 
  they 're stacked in big camps , put in trains back to their countries , or anything else . 
  they 're not educated , so at best , they increase consumption , which is not a bad thing . 
  increasing the population is overall a good thing . 
  the fact they 're not educated or are prone to be criminals , does n't mean they 're invading us or taking over . 
  basically we take the oil in their country , so we 're in a palace , we peek outside , and we scream in horror , afraid that hazardous or strange people can reach us . 
  oh my i though it was a house of cards joke , but it 's not ... 
  italy what are you doing ? 
  is n't there some central database of passports ? 
  i mean with data it would be easy to authenticate a passport . 
  you 're reinterpreting the law . 
  those people come from a country at war , that 's the important part here . 
  do n't be pedantic . 
  have you seen what their country looks like now ? 
  it 's not rebuildable . 
  i can really see how migrants are such a threat to the european culture and people . 
  you 're totally right !, 
  it 's an invasion !, 
  kill them all !, 
  because there is europe and hungary can not absorb so many . 
  well at this point both europeans and migrants are poor then . 
  you just prefer europeans poor than migrant poor . 
  europe had the support of the us after the war . 
  even after ww2 europe was still wealthier than the middle east . 
  jeez you 're confounding everything . 
   however we should be thinking about european welfare first and foremost . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i think you ca n't really call their country a home anymore . 
  it wo n't be for a long time . 
  it is totally sound from their pov to just start a life somewhere else instead . 
  why do you think they should not be discouraged to rebuild their country ? 
  they are human first , citizens of their country second . 
   do you expect me to believe that anyone in europe had any real plan to deal with saddam ? 
  the plan was not dealing with him . 
  period . 
  it was an american mess to begin with . 
  that 's my only opinion . 
  the world is america 's battlefield . 
  i 'm okay with it . 
   particularly if the people they take in do not assimulate well . 
  i agree , but what then ? 
  europe does n't police the world like the us do . 
  basically europe just has migrants coming to them due to whatever is happening to the middle east , because europe is just closer to the middle east . 
   if europe wants to do something useful then help find a way forward instead of just supporting people like saddam . 
  i do n't think europe supports saddam hussein . 
  it 's just that there are other ways to remove a dictator than just invading . 
  there is not a simple `` forward '' in international politics . 
  there are shades of `` less worse '' . 
   they are not perfect but they have converted to democracy so it is possible . 
  you can convert a few guys that comes into your country , but converting a whole country is a whole different story . 
   if europe wants to help then they should help defeat isis but that would involve real sacrafice which they do not want to hear about . 
  europe is not so much involved in the mess that was the iraq invasion , and syria is at its door step . 
  i do n't understand why you 're assuming europe is involved or should get involved . 
  us is always about intervention , and has been for decades , and that 's how they can grab influence and power . 
  europe does n't work that way , or much , much less . 
  she is offering to those already migrated , she did not tell syrians to come to germany when they were in syria . 
  i do n't think you can compare 1930 germany and iraq when it comes to dictators . 
  it 's all about what kind of government you replace it with . 
  iraq is mostly about oil , and the us did not really manage the power transition very well . 
  the middle east is unstable by definition , saddam was not a good guy , but he ruled and kept things in check . 
  it 's known that democracy can hardly happen in the middle east . 
  i think removing a dictator has a human cost , since it means war and a power vacuum , that 's all . 
   you are literally not capable of caring less about how many people die . 
  well i do care , but you do n't want them dying in europe . 
   syria then yes you are actively luring them . 
  she did not say that when they were still in syria . 
  nobody lured them to come in europe . 
   the young men you see travelling to europe are the ones who should be defending their homeland .
