  everybody likes to accuse arabs while riding their oil . 
  no surprise . 
   are we assuming that there will be no future conflicts in the world after this ? 
  if you want peace , just work for it . 
  it 's one of the hardest job of the planet . 
  i dont think anybody has a viable critic of the eu . 
  nobody is prepared for so many immigrants . 
  its just a political nightmare . 
  comments are awful here . 
  generalizing about those people is sick . 
  to shut you all up we should put all those people in camps , to see how proud europe would be about that . 
  opinions are the only thing found here . 
  but you need a little more political maturity and a view from above to look at the middle east in the eyes and see the reality of it . 
  the act of voting and free speech criticizing is almost cultural . 
  i meant avoiding was with its neighbors . 
  and yes of course democracy ca n't always happen , but soft power can take several forms . 
  you 're right on the fact that bringing democracy failed because it was meant as a pacifier . 
  but i think it 's the way democracy was brought up to them . 
  the issue is that democracy can take several forms and adapt depending of the culture . 
  also saying their culture works best with a tight fisted leader sort of means they ca n't have anything else that something authoritarian , which means there ca n't be progress . 
  i do n't entirely agree with that . 
  europe has the un and decided to avoid future by all means wars after ww2 . 
   did something magically happen in the 90s where democratic expansion became impossible ? 
  well the middle east does n't seem to have recovered from ww2 , it is a stage of conflict because of oil and cold war influences , not to mention how influenced it is by other more powerful countries who just want its resources . 
   does n't preclude any possibility of democracy evolving nearby conflicts can cause a lot of ills , and wo n't allow a society to develop healthily for a long term . 
  economic development and democracy are things that benefit each other . 
  i think political history also has a part to it . 
  you ca n't have redistribution of wealth without some kind of democracy and free speech . 
  different times . 
  also the middle east is much more prone to conflict for so many reasons . 
  no we cant . 
  unless democracy has tight roots its not possible . 
  its the reality of politics . 
  are you high, 
  i do n't think that 's possible anyway also you ca n't really compare europeans and immigrants . 
  no need to be a good doctor , just checking that the person was a doctor back there . 
   and yeah they invest more money that half of european population see in a year i do n't see the logic there . 
  well you can quickly give them tests to see if they are a doctor or qualified in any sector . 
  for the rest intelligence agencies can do their job . 
  you can also ask the police to evaluate them , and list them as suspect . 
  it 's work still , and i agree that it 's an awful situation , but no country is an island . 
  of course why not kill them one by one , i 'm sure that would satisfy you and reassure many people , right ? 
  if there 's no solution for those people , just live and let live . 
  do n't forget most invested a lot of money into it , i do n't think they came to just make a mess . 
  i 'm sure anti-terrorism services are doing their job . 
  if there is any violence being the consequence of illegal immigrants , like a riot or violent attacks against people , rest assured that developed countries have everything in their hand in term of force to clean it . 
  so with that in mind , until it 's only happening on your tv and not on your doorstep , do n't panic . 
  well democracy exists exactly because of people like you . 
  your opinion is just compensated by the one of others . 
  fortunately it dilutes in those . 
  i think those immigrants do n't pose a big threat . 
  they are a problem though , but there are bigger problems . 
  you just have an opinion on everything . 
  you like to confirm every little detail . 
  you know what ? 
  you go there , put those people in boats towards their home country , and i 'll watch . 
  you do it . 
   im not afraid of anything , horror is happening 2000km away , but what does the eu do to stop it ? 
  it 's the game of international politics and resources . 
  look at the iraq war and how all the middle east is unstable . 
   the amount they pay for the trip half of european average working people dont see in a year . 
  yeah , talk about money , that will solve the problems . 
  do n't forget about the smugglers too . 
  they 're the cause of this . 
  not the immigrants . 
  the immigrants wants to flee for religious and persecution reasons . 
  sending immigrants does n't mean a country can tell another one what to do . 
  also i doubt those countries can really control their people who emigrate . 
  you 're blowing a problem out of proportions . 
  you 're afraid of ghosts . 
  that 's it . 
  horror was happening 2000km away from you , and not that it 's closer to you , you 're getting much more frightened . 
  you just all sound like sheltered idiots in a palace full of glitter who ca n't stand the idea of being splattered with 3 drops of mud . 
  you living standard depends of the country those people come from , and you ca n't realize that , welcome to the world . 
   nobody has a right to tell us `` us '' who is that ? 
  in a country we have to live together , it 's difficult and some compromise are being made . 
   well , look at australia , they dont accepted them and they stoped comming . 
  you mean the british empire stopped sending people ? 
   we have right to decide who will live here and who not well this is democracy and you lose each time . 
  unless you elect some new dictator which i hope you wo n't . 
   your grandmother dies i do n't give a shit about my grandmother . 
  what can i tell you ? 
  get elected and find real solutions . 
  do you think detaining them and spending fuel to send all those people back there will solve the problem ? 
  it will cost a lot for nothing . 
   they will live on welfare haha . 
  you 're really mistaken . 
  and again , welfare stimulates the economy , and it 's not like they live the dream you 're jealous of , but it 's surely better for them . 
   thats invasion if that 'd be the case the military would be involved . 
  do you see them systemically pillaging , raping , influencing our system of economics and politics , etc ? 
  no , so rest reassured . 
  it 's a minority of people , not all of them are behaving like that , so do n't listen to the media blowing it out of proportions . 
  do you know that currently , 1/3 of the population of libya are syrians ? 
  do you think all those people come here to conquer us ? 
  please . 
   thanks to being territorial we are able to live in europe we know today . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  this is a minor event , those people are weak and disorganized . 
  the europe we have today is thanks to good climate so that we can have steady agriculture . 
  the rest is history .
