  do n't pretend you deserve your piece of land because of some historic ancestry bullshit . 
  if she 's getting provocative towards the immigrants or even towards officials , nobody will help her . 
  that 's why i think acting like a cunt wo n't solve her problems . 
  i 'm not seeing her trying to help the human beings in `` jungle '' . 
  calling it the jungle is exactly what will get your home robbed . 
  just saying a little diplomacy will often be the best protection . 
  many people feel the police is entitled to protect them . 
  that 's not how things work at all . 
  well the police is not always there to protect you at the time you 're a victim of a crime , so if you deliberately provoke people and get hit , i find it a little hypocritical to call the media to cry about it . 
  that 's what kids do to see the other kid they hate get punished . 
  that 's just using the police . 
  that woman is complaining that the government is not doing anything , but at the same time she does n't seem to trying to avoid this situation , while she just rambles about politics . 
  you ca n't cry telling the government is n't doing anything while advocating some political opinion , do n't mix due process and political ideals . 
  she deserves attention , because obviously she 's been wronged , but i will never appreciate people who ca n't stay calm and have a little humility about the situation , especially with something like this which is exceptional . 
  the police wo n't solve all your problems , police officer are not robots either , they ca n't be everywhere at the same time , and the government do n't owe you security , the government will try to solve your problem in the realm of the law and if it 's possible . 
  you want my opinion ? 
  she surely has some relatives and could have done something a little more productive , like having a dog , having more people around , getting a gun , etc. 
  obviously she has been a little stupid because she got filed by the police , so she has not been very smart about it , and i 'm sure she yelled at immigrants thinking it would solve anything . 
  obviously i 'm sure there are many people around that would love to just get a gun and murder all those immigrants because they think it 's fair and that 's what they deserve etc. 
  fact is , there is a declaration of human rights , and people have to live up to it and learn about how to be better than a territorial idiot . 
  but you 're glad you were born here and not in the country those guys were born into . 
  you got nothing to complain about . 
  you have been sheltered in one of the few countries of the world that have a high standard of living . 
  that 's the hard truth . 
  not to mention a huge part of this high living standard comes from pillaging resources from those poor countries . 
   for the first time , im glad i live in a shitty country there is no `` shitty '' country , take a step back at history , public opinion and how politics work . 
  you 'll realize you live on the nice side of earth . 
  those immigrants are not such a big danger to you or to europe . 
  they do n't come to pillage the whole country , they 're not enough . 
  crazy how you can be jealous of a few poor people like that . 
  do n't be so territorial . 
  national tv is not your average media . 
  and i doubt youths and illegal immigrants are the same thing , you 're overreaching . 
  i want to live there for all the time . 
  she sounds like a cunt . 
  i do n't know , but she might be provocative towards the immigrants , and that might be the reason for the break in , even though it 's not justified . 
  i agree that it 's a problem , but her attitude wo n't really improve anything , it might attract attention . 
  this whole `` france country world war i vive les francais '' i just ca n't listen to such patriotic shit . 
  if she really wants to see some change , she should have shot the intruders while she could . 
  that would have made the news and that would have been building political capital for this situation . 
  a speech and a few political opinion wo n't solve nothing . 
  you have to bring the media into this . 
  title doesnt make sense . 
  cool comment, 
  so what , you help out of pity or necessity ? 
  if the us gets powerful , it has interests in protecting the whole world . 
  problem is , they cant do it , so power built on influence is indeed fragile . 
  i never understand why american help feels so painful an leaves craters sometimes . 
  in term of labor law they are, 
  yep . 
  except germany and uk , all of europe is anti liberal . 
  and i mean both economies and the culture . 
  too little flexibility in case of crisis . 
  fuck those french unions . 
  they are the new bourgeois who shelter themselves away , and then judge the unemployed for being moochers . 
  i hate people who argue about merit . 
  in modern civilization there are no heroes . 
  everyone is the same . 
  sorry but as a long time aldi customer i must disagree with you . 
  well i live in the south of france and it 's not pretty . 
  well thanks that seems to make sense . 
  so to put it simply , actually a grexit might be be good for europe and bad for greece . 
  also has n't it been known that goldman sachs was involved with greece 's debt ? 
  the problem , i think , is that modern , western , developed countries are much less religious than your country . 
  people will have more faith in their civilization and thriving socio-economic system than in their christian religion . 
  it 's a fact . 
  so , from there , most individuals already consider religious people who actively practice their religion to be annoying . 
  they do n't have faith in religion , only in their country . 
  it does n't change the fact that there is a freedom of religion . 
  so if on top of that , it 's a religion that did not thrive in their country , it 's going to be very difficult for them to tolerate it . 
  cultural integration is always a problem for immigrants . 
  i ca n't tolerate people who will consider their origins first , and their citizenship second . 
  you ca n't be a citizen that way . 
  you 're either a tourist , but it will not be possible for europe to tolerate people who want to come here and have the same laws they did in their countries . 
  you ca n't take your laws with you . 
  so to answer your question , a minority of muslims will be felt like a threat if they want to effectively come to europe and declare `` that 's how i did it when i was in my country , there 's no reason for me to change '' . 
  it 's not because there are clusters of muslim in europe that they get to create some muslim neighborhood . 
  that will be felt like an invasion . 
  i 'm talking mostly about opinions and how i think people would react , i might be wrong , but i can tell you that many people are fleeing some neighborhoods because there are muslims who just make their own laws , and i do n't think any civilization can effectively tolerate this even at a minor scale . 
  it 's not about hating islam , it 's about how some practice their religions . 
   stop comparing yourself with geniuses . 
  everybody is smart . 
  i 'm just pissed that some get sidelined for arbitrary reasons , like behavior or inability to blend with others . 
  people put many things on a pedestal , and it can introduce problems . 
  intelligence does n't really exist , but the fact that i 'm failing again and again at school proves that there 's a problem , i agree that i have some , but the inflexibility and rigidity can be very frustrating . 
  i have no interest in failing at school and complain about it . 
  i might be retarded , and i 'd be so relieved to know i am . 
   teachers say things like that to students to motivate them . 
  well it 's not working , and teachers might need to be more persuasive or use other tricks . 
  teaching is not always about explaining some content , it 's also about being on the side of the students and convince them that they 're not just here to learn and shut up . 
  i do n't see a job where you have to earn the confidence so much than a teacher . 
   you do n't want to play the simple game of school and then you yell injustice . 
  i ca n't always compare myself to people living in third world countries , then tell myself i deserve a worse treatment . 
  people naturally seek progress . 
  when a country invest in infrastructure , it 's normal to expect the best of it . 
  first world countries are better because leaders give to the people what they want , and that 's the root of progress . 
  complaining is natural in a first world country . 
   to play the simple game of school i 'm not here to play `` games '' . 
  i do n't intend to play at life like there should be winners and losers . 
  that 's immensely retarded .
