  well they do n't , so obviously your opinion does n't matter here . 
  and who are you to decide what they should do or not ? 
   who are you talking about doing these killings ? 
  you only need a little bit of intel and a small jet to do it . 
   if isis is not defeated in syria/iraq then where will it be defeated ? 
  it 's ideology calls for constant growth . 
  by the people who will reject it over time . 
  guerrilla warfare ca n't last for so long . 
   that is because the americans are largely the only ones who will take on international problems . 
  iraq did not need to be invaded , and saddam hussein was fine . 
  american presence stirred a lot of problems , and made the region unstable . 
  you call it international problems , i call it influence and trade . 
   europe is the one stirring up trouble in the area without actually trying to defeat isis . 
  please tell me how so , because i feel very ignorant . 
  if europe does n't try to defeat them , maybe it 's because they do n't have any interest in this conflict ? 
  i agree that some nationals came there and came back though , but it 's not the biggest problem . 
  islamic terrorism has been mostly an american problem . 
   europeans are also the ones that drew all the borders in the area without regard for local groups which leads to the current border disputes . 
  mmmmh okay i 'm not convinced it 's a good enough cause . 
  i need more sources about those borders . 
   again if you want to lure away anyone who would defeat isis then what is your plan for dealing with isis ? 
  the trouble with getting involved is that then you are involved . 
  i do n't understand where you got that `` lure '' thing , and i do n't really understand it . 
  i do n't think europe is really involved . 
   then what is your plan for dealing with isis ? 
  the usual , you know . 
  accurate targeted killings . 
  but it 's way past that now . 
  isis is being instated as a legitimate power because people them ca n't fight them . 
  now it 's a matter of opinion fight , and convincing the non military people over there to not go along . 
  there is no way to deal with isis in a clean manner , their roots are deep now . 
  if a whole country feels like they want to go along islamic terrorism , then so be it , that 's just too bad , because it will mean more people will die . 
  that 's how politics work , sometimes whole swathe of people join a losing side . 
   but are you saying a better answer is to leave it to isis ? 
  not saying that , but in terms of international relations and interests , it 's tricky , because all you have there fighting are enemies . 
  assad and isis are both enemies to everyone . 
  attacking one would mean helping the other . 
  so what is happening , is that we prefer having 2 bullies killing each other off that risking getting friendly with a bad guy . 
   i do not think europe should create incentives for conflict . 
  europe does n't , the us and russia do . 
  and all nation crave those sweet resources against influence that you might be enjoying . 
   if they do not support any current faction then form their own . 
  that does n't happen just by snapping fingers . 
  there are war , leaders could get easily killed . 
   the basic question remains the same if europe is going to focus on luring away all of the decent people luring away ? 
  those people are fleeing the war and all the poverty that it creates . 
   europe is not big enough to take the worlds population in . 
  no , it 's just that you want more room for yourself . 
   is this policy supposed to go on or will europe close its doors the next time a conflict spreads?is this policy supposed to go on or will europe close its doors the next time a conflict spreads ? 
  it 's like a chess game . 
  europe is just getting free pawns , meaning cheap labor . 
  also consumption and the population size directly empowers the economy . 
   then groups like isis will win every conflict and it will lead to more and larger conflicts then buy a gun and go there , and kill those guys . 
  what do you want me to tell you ? 
  do you think isis is a real threat ? 
  i do n't think it is . 
  nothing in the middle east or africa has enough firepower to even annoy 10 people inside the borders of europe . 
  stupid questions will lead you nowhere . 
   where are their families now they 're probably waiting in a refugee camp or in another slum  also most of those men are not married and do not have families to bring . 
  so fucking what ? 
  you prefer cute little women and kids ? 
   again if these men are not expected to defend their homeland then who is ? 
  if decent people always just flee when faced with difficulty then what type of people will win every conflict ? 
  so what are you saying , that they should get involved and fight ? 
  are you even involved in the military to say that ? 
  why would you pretend everyone should join and fight ? 
  and join which faction exactly ? 
  are you accusing refugees of not defending their country , knowing there are so many factions fighting each other ? 
  ( assad vs. fsa vs. isis etc ) . 
  the conflict is very very messy . 
  what type of people will win the conflict ? 
  what kind of question is that even ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
   if isis behaves badly and is rewarded by getting what it wants will it stop or continue behaving badly ? 
  isis is just power hungry people seizing an opportunity to do things how they like it . 
  they just happen to put themselves in a political vacuum , and as you can see nobody really gives a shit as long as they can be comfortable at home . 
  only when refugees start pouring in , people start caring . 
  you 're asking stupid questions . 
  men come in so that they can bring their families after . 
  do n't pretend they abandoned their families . 
  you 're just pretending that the truth is black and white . 
  it 's not . 
   you think it is fair that the live for the people in the neighborhood got so much worse ? 
  did you help solve the situation in syria ? 
  well too bad . 
  you do n't live in an island . 
  borders wo n't always protect you from the problem of the world . 
  grow up . 
  well so far you 're on planet earth . 
  you 're pretty happy to benefit from world trade . 
  you live on the roof of the world , of course you wo n't like immigrants . 
  stop being such a baby . 
   if the eu wants to help then maybe the place to do that is syria not europe . 
  how do you want that to happen ? 
  it 's another middle east game between russia and the us . 
  war is part of life . 
  it just happens when peace management fails . 
   where does this process end ? 
  it ends when countries like the us will stop destabilizing the middle east . 
  invading iraq might have fueled the events .
