  i 'm not yelling injustice , but everyone , at one point , has some societal moral statement about how things should be , and they often just do their job by applying their opinions , and it 's not constructive . 
  society is just more exclusive than it is inclusive . 
  people will sideline others because they do n't say hello , because they smell or for any stupid reason . 
   in france like in any other country there are special programs for gifted students . 
  students that are bored with the curriculum because they are so good . 
  you are not one of those . 
  students who get bored with the programs and have problems at home end up failing at school . 
   you will just say that those things are irrelevant and the system is broken . 
  i would not say that , do n't put words in my mouth . 
  but you ca n't really pretend all kids got the same change at getting a good education . 
   you are the kind of kid who quits at the first obstacle , thought he was too good for the world , refused to play the game and lost . 
  and now you are wondering why you are not winning . 
  you 're putting school on a pedestal , like it 's the only true thing that is good for people , and pretend the rules are always fair and good . 
  rules are only a compromise . 
  i really do n't need a lesson from somebody who clearly is in success , give lessons to all the one who failed , and defend his position because being wrong would bring down his position . 
  you stand on your high horse and refuse to listen or understand why people fail at school . 
  you do n't seem to be sensitive to the frustration of what school can be to people who just fail miserably in life . 
  like obama said `` there are plenty of smart people out there '' . 
  if you ca n't get my point , and do n't want to understand my point of view , i ca n't bring it to you . 
  i heard this high horses speech so many fucking times . 
   yeah that 's it , let it all out ... there there little genius . 
  i do n't give a shit about my intelligence , i just feel bad and angry when professors are nice and tell me i have `` capabilities '' , it 's just another way to tell me i 'm smarter than other and it 's disgraceful . 
  it 's just so hypocritical . 
  you 're just trying to make me feel bad and pretentious , but the truth is that i felt rejected , i got depressed pretty early , and my parents did not give a shit . 
  it 's so easy to make me feel bad for this shit , so much easier than just help individuals like me , socially or by friendship . 
  that 's what i hate society and civilization in general because of people like you who defend it like it 's sacro-saint . 
  i thought good will hunting explained this problem very well , but for some reason you do n't seem to even care . 
   so a genius like you goes for a bts ? 
  silly me that thought that you were aiming for a grand ecole ... 
  i got depressed and was put into this . 
  i was almost about to kill myself and become homeless . 
  you do n't know me , so do n't judge me like that , it 's hurtful . 
  at the end of the day you 'll have a better job than most . 
  but if you want to keep spitting of the rest , and consider it 's righteous , then you might be part of the problem . 
   i 'm sorry this ` crowd of stupidity ' was too complicated for you to pass an exam . 
  it can be excruciating to get up from 8 to 6 for a whole year , and wait for that `` exam '' and feel that my intelligence was irrelevant . 
  most of the time you just have to be there because of administrative reasons . 
  i know all this shit , give me a simple exam , do n't make me linger for months and ask quizzes for shit that 's irrelevant . 
   i 'm sorry that we , the teachers , never realized your genius . 
  they did , but ca n't defend my case or find ways to motivate me . 
  the mass prevails first . 
  you have to justify hard work incentive or either , nobody try no more . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equity_theory  i 'm quite sure that there are no good computer scientists with degrees that are n't employed . 
  i was talking about bad computer scientists with degrees . 
  that 's the ones i 'm so mad about . 
  but again , maybe society does n't need geniuses , because the group need order if it wants to work better . 
  they 're too disruptive and are not able of teamwork . 
  they 're so egoist with their talent !, 
   and yet one silly exam was too much for you . 
  when you spent so much time and you learn nothing , it 's difficult getting stimulated and motivated by exams that are not relevant to what i consider computer science . 
  i really start to doubt the utility of the bts . 
  maybe this particular degree was not ambitious enough for me . 
  bts were meant to get the working class easier education . 
  the fact that it teaches programming is a little odd . 
   oh yes you do . 
  and you hate it  that 's why i just avoid saying it out loud , i get crucified for it . 
  people hate it when you stand out , they immediately bring you down . 
   and then they go and bitch about the system . 
  i went into many sub quality bts schools , most of the time it was not about problem solving , only fake projects and other english and mixed high school stuff . 
  you seem to just live in a gardened environment i never went into because it 's so elitist and fenced and gentrified . 
  in univ students need to be well raised , autonomous , already be confident and know everything so it can be smooth for them . 
  i never really went into univ because i failed at school so many times for personal reasons i became bitter very quickly . 
  personally it began when my mother in law just looked down at me when i was just a teen and advised me to get into manual labor schools . 
  my parents are not teachers . 
   if you are so smart go ahead and prove all those teachers wrong and get that piece of paper . 
  i do n't have time to waste to prove i can do 1 +2 = 3 and do n't require a degree for it , and expect to be called arrogant for it because it looks tedious for others . 
  i have no fucking time for this shit . 
  i do n't feel pity for myself , i just feel pity for the system and other students that i regard as slow , i do n't care if i get a phd or not , it wo n't make me happier , but it feels odd to see people getting a job i could land , because they just repeated what they teacher taught them . 
  like i said , school is mainly for the masses , and unfortunately it will sideline people who have true passion and talent , because they will fail at networking and get a job into the field , and get extremely frustrated because school is not stimulating , and they can see it rewards unintelligence , and it 's painful for them . 
  i know public schools are important to the republic , but for christ sake if you want to find talented student who have other things in mind that just debugging android apps you have to use other ways . 
  scholasticism has this tendency of formatting students . 
  it 's not for nothing that there are schools for gifted students . 
  i just stop pretending i 'm better than others , i just talk to nobody and let them sort it out , but at some point it becomes another social stratification , and i turn into bitterness . 
  ca n't you see i 'm just awfully angry that i can remember math teachers used to remove points from my exam because i was not writing the whole math proof and describing it to them ? 
  i get that society must lift the mass from the misery , but in france , some liberal management would be nicer to have . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  teaching is hard , but if it 's teaching the many , you 're doing your job right , but there will always be that small percentage of student who is worth much more and wo n't be able to teach them properly , because it 's just not what your job is meant to be . 
  and i 'm okay with it . 
  tldr : happy reading . 
   then it will be no problem for you to pass the exams . 
  the exams for the first years are mostly there to filter out bad students , and those exams are often filled with irrelevant subjects . 
  the class i was with was aimed towards generalist subject , so at the second semester students could choose to do physics or chemistry or computer science . 
  i was already disappointed to fail my previous exam , so to meet the same kind of people , with the same grinding of irrelevant subjects made me realize school is for the masses who ca n't do their own research . 
  until you realize you must pass this crowd of stupidity to get into higher levels and learn new things . 
  like i said , it feels like a barrier . 
  i do n't like to spend ages and ages in a classroom while i 'm learning nothing , and i really felt i was just rejected by the previous degree for failing to `` integrate into society '' , which is , to me , irrelevant to computer science . 
  if schools ca n't evaluate which student is good/interested in such subject , then the school system is skewed and it becomes a protected garden . 
  in short , no wonder there is unemployment if the people who get the degrees are just disciplined people but ca n't think for themselves . 
  in short , france wo n't be competitive , and that 's what france is right now . 
  a stubborn , unflexible , cartesian country . 
  it feels dishonest to say that i deserve to get a better treatment , but i often encounter people who feel sorry for me and who say i 'm smart and deserve better , but like everywhere , people will argue my behavior is unacceptable and that i should not get merits , while i often find to be more knowledgeable that people who get the fucking degrees and the job i 'd like to get . 
  i do n't think i 'm special , but most of the time i do n't even work in class and i already know my stuff . 
  school has been boring for my entire life , but it has been so unstimulating that i ca n't bother anymore , so do n't come to me and tell me to `` work hard '' . 
  a degree is a piece of paper that is effectively preventing me to have the slightest access to an environment of science where i could motivate myself to work something . 
   education is free in france , i would love to hear you bitch about inequalities if you had to pay for it . 
  i agree with you , but it does n't make it any better . 
  the us still has the best universities in the world . 
  then why uk in particular ? 
  i 'd rather go to canada or alaska than uk . 
  i 'm broke already , how do you want me to just go in uk , spend my money in uk while not finding a job , get even more broke and come back crying in france ?
