  but hey , let 's focus on arguing about who did what instead , it 's nice to be able to blame each other so we can all ignore the suffocating pressure of problems with the single currency we 're all signed up to . 
  edit : nice ninja-edit btw . 
  ecb/ez is responsible for making the euro work . 
  if they ca n't find a solution to keep greece within the euro , than will they accept their responsibility in letting the euro stop being a monetary union and instead a hard currency peg ? 
  decisions , decisions ... 
  why ask syriza when the ecb/ez is the responsible body ? 
  it says volumes for this whole event when people are more concerned with political questions over what is actually needed to make the monetary union work . 
   scratch a little and you start to discover a eurosceptic who never wanted greece to join the euro , indeed who already foresaw with remarkable prescience in this paper in 1998 that emu would not bring about the convergence of the core and peripheral countries . 
  he was miles ahead of the amateurs religiously touting the benefits of emu . 
  it 's funny , the idea was that forging ahead would encourage greater integration ... and at the time europe was as a whole a more positive experience , the eu was helping periphery nations develop their infrastructure , the common market was healthy , the eu as an international trading bloc was doing quite well . 
  it built up in to a delusion that was destroyed when subprime popped , all of a sudden when the bill was presented , the table erupted in to an argument about who should pay . 
  what europe now fails to realise is that it is actually how you behave in times of hardship that reflects true character . 
  now the personality of europe is revealed not to be quite what it was during the good times . 
  i 'm not sure the level of conditions attached make transfers ( which program are you referring to ? ), 
  in the eu similar to the american model , and completely agree that eurobonds will help a lot , just will we get them in time ? 
  [ yep , we 'd rather beggar our neighbor instead . 
   the thing about the us though is that we have a say in the politics of the poorer states though . 
  in fairness , you are a completely different system as well . 
  feel free to correct me , but i think california is a good example , there was little the other states could do to stop them bankrupting themselves , yet i 've never heard anyone complain about profligate californians spending borrowed money on themselves and partying too much . 
  more integration is needed , but our taste of europe to date has been excessive regulation inspired by a french style of top heavy bureaucracy in a union where some get to ignore the rules and others are expected to abide by them . 
  i certainly do n't want to be part of a federal union in a superstate that i feel no affinity for nor that i experience nothing in terms of citizenship . 
  so that 's where we are , europe is great for free markets , freedom of movement , and as a development bloc to compete in international markets . 
  but as a governance body that rules over a unified citizenry , it 's way outside it 's comfort zone . 
  the euro is suffering structural problems as a result of these realities , and sadly politics is failing in letting localism guide political positions over the entire ez . 
  it may feel good to vent frustrations about negative perceptions of greece , but it does nothing to resolve the very real problems facing europe as a whole . 
  sadly , we as a whole are not grown up enough to take a non-emotional , less political view . 
  except it 's not nationalism other than finding a voice after so many years having undergone suffering and humiliation . 
  greece are not finding dignity in feelings of national supremacy , military spending , or territorial conquest but through simply exercising democracy . 
  german 's wonder why they are celebrating ... perhaps because the greeks are now willing to find their own in way in the ez or outside it . 
  europe now needs to accept that regional transfers as you already have in the us are part of having a single currency , or that the single currency is a voluntary pegging in which members may leave . 
  cheap moral opinions about who owes who matter for nothing now in the face of necessary technical decisions about the future of the ez , it 's that simple , decision time whether german 's , or whoever else feel disdainful about greeks or not ... edit : just to be a complete dick on the matter ... downvotes wo n't save the euro either :-), 
  i remember a time when a subjugated humiliated german nation found cause to celebrate when it 's dignity was restored ... it did n't end well , but you think by now german 's might have enough experience with the extremes of history to have a little bit more understanding of what it 's like to lose it all and find hope again . 
  i do n't say this to throw history in our german friends faces , just as a reminder that they are more uniquely placed to understand it by way of cruel experience . 
  or the fact that it was widely known at the time and yet ignored in favour of letting greece in . 
  heh , even now , it 's a case of looking the other way and ignoring the euro 's structural deficiencies in favour of a cheap moral narrative ... the sooner this shitcan topples , the better . 
  [ what ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=08&amp;v=poweesrrnk8 ), 
  dear alogicalpenguin , we sincerely hope that this may become the commenting format of europe in the years to come . 
  one does enjoy pretending to be a victorian protagonist writing wistful letters to friends in far off lands , long may it continue . 
  regards , thefreemanliving, 
  dijsselbloem ... king or emperor of europe ? 
  was there a ceremony ? 
  romania can in to crab people ? 
  there 's a complicated answer for that . 
  ireland was still part of the uk who used the promise of home rule to get irish people to enlist . 
  irish republicans said fuck that , and then used the war as a way at striking out while the uk was busy fighting in europe which in turn started us on the road to independance . 
  too late , the tour buses have landed :-p, 
  * urge to invoke nasty german stereotypes rising ... *, 
  are n't we lucky perception is on our side . 
  not that i 've given much thought or analysis , but the current status of europe is one where there seems to be a general pan-european christian democrat style conservatism in action . 
  ireland 's government and conservative commentariat are also partaking in the same anti-greek sentiment . 
  were it not a chance to kick the euro , i 'm sure the brit 's would be kicking greece instead . 
  how many members of the eu are currently run by governments that are conservative in character ? 
  400bln , about 200bln less than our government wrote off for their billionaire tax non-resident donor , same guy that was found by a tribunal to have corruptly obtained the mobile operator 's licence that made him a billionaire in the first place ... ai n't it wonderful ? 
  [ ; _  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60fqp2rlur4 ), 
  by that logic , only a dictator is ever only responsible ... hail kim jong un the responsible !, 
  what 's the difference , they are acting . 
  maybe others have the luxury of not having to respect their electorate , and as such do n't have to , but that says more about their respective system than it does the greeks . 
  fallout 5 confirmed !, 
  `` latvia today '' ... `` russia tomorrow '', 
  sorry , but ireland and greece are apples and oranges . 
  ireland actually had an underlying export economy , we lost it all on a construction boom , but when the dust settled that underlying knowledge , export , competitive led economy was there as a cushion for us to emerge from the darkness . 
  greece has a far larger population in a more infrastructurally weak context where the austerity program destroyed 25 % of gdp which means that not only was 25 % of the functional economy lost in terms of subsistence , but 25 % of output was lost as well . 
  had the same happened to ireland , we would not be here discussing this . 
  ireland fails to recognise how much shit it still is in based on the recovery , we are fine under the current conditions , but any economic headwinds , or increasing interest rates would change the current situation extremely quickly . 
  gladly we turned around our productivity/income levels but that helps appreciate how high value an economy we are . 
  we are near the top in terms of knowledge driven economies , it did n't take much in terms of pay reductions to turn that in to international competitiveness because that 's the level we operate at despite our inability to appreciate it . 
  we remain a high cost economy because of this . 
  greece is n't this , and on top of that they are a far bigger country with a far higher population . 
  ireland is sustainable in the current conditions , greece is not !, 
  greece can not be !, 
  it 's unbelievable that people ca n't appreciate the importance of sustainability . 
  sadly , this appears to be the case , not that i wish it so but politics has ruined the chances of the euro reaching it 's potential for a positive outcome . 
  strange as it is , i think the opportunity for a single european currency has n't been yet extinguished , but fec me , the stakeholders would want to get their shit together to make it work ... now ... immediately !, 
  politics has no place in a greater project . 
  i must be the most conflicted euroskeptic ever :d, 
  is n't that the problem , there is no realistic solution to keep a common currency among a number of nations that refuse to give up sovereignty , have extreme differences in economies , and ca n't even get it together to defend themselves against a common threat . 
  call it a eurodelusion that somehow the dream of europe will outweigh the realities of the world . 
  putin knows this , the americans worry about this , and the eu delights in aggravating the problem . 
  were people not suffering for it , it would be exceedingly entertaining . 
  german industry wants to leave the euro ? 
  what a fools errand the euro will turn out to be in the end . 
  sharing a currency requires sharing sovereignty and creating systems that are protected from petty regional politics . 
   if electing a nutjob leftist to power means i get money for nothin ' and chicks for free , then , to the polls , comrades !, 
  unfortunately , that 's not how the real world works . 
  yep , you get an mba instead and have sovereign states bail you out for your bad decisions . 
  where 's all the hand wringing for the failure of simple principles of capitalism where poor judgement are not rewarded ? 
  why no upset that the german and french banks who did n't do their due diligence in basic risk analysis were payed back by the eu 's taxpayers by proxy of greek debt ? 
  oh wait , it 's not part of the narrative comrade . 
  if it becomes normal that meddling in the democratic affairs of other sovereign nations we 'll all pay . 
  the quote is lifted from the article verbatim . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_jogmxpe5i in all seriousness , i think it 's a case of i might as well blow my own brains out rather than suffer any longer . 
  good stuff , about time a little clarity was added as to whose interest the ez and eventually the eu serves . 
  alles klar !, 
   `` preventing a grexit at all costs is detrimental , because it sets a bad precedent . 
  if europe continues to reward anyone who does n't play by the rules , then the next thing we 'll see is that ** spain will elect protest parties such as podemos . 
  ** '' what an extremely anti-democratic statement , and how nakedly political their concerns are . 
  this is not about economics , or the wider long term prospects for the euro as a currency , this is about power , simple as . 
  the masters of industry now feel that they have a right to dictate how people in other countries should vote and we should all feel threatened by this . 
  but the eu is working as hard as it can to see the impossible made possible !,
