  i 'd like to be wrong ... but it feel 's like a long time being disappointed . 
  even the american 's are starting to move past austerity ... we 've barely begun qe . 
  is n't it somewhat startling that the american 's have leapfrogged europe in not letting economic ideology get the in way of policy ? 
  if the tide has started turning , i see nothing of the signs . 
  i 'd guess that it 's only natural that you feel good about the outcome , you are on the right side of the divide . 
  you can hope that greece take the chance , and then when more people are homeless , the greek economy shrinks , and everything follows traditional normal trends for these type of programs , deny any responsibility whatsoever and blame it fully on the greeks as we have just done with the last program . 
  good for you i guess . 
  not so good for those of us on the other side of the euro divide . 
  how you translate this in to reassured faith in european solidarity is beyond me . 
   in the end , some bleary-eyed diplomats emerged unsure who had prevailed in the marathon session . 
  but they seemed agreed as to who had suffered most . 
  `` they crucified tsipras in there , '' a senior eurozone official who had attended the summit remarked . 
  ** `` crucified . '' ** have we woken up in the nightmare or are we to wake up one day and see our existence in europe as a nightmare . 
  for the greeks , i 'd say they have already have a good idea of the answer . 
  the euro is as much a prison built on a cliff , to escape it is to throw yourself on to the rocks below . 
  and you 're comment might apply were i greek , but i 'm not . 
  and absolutely delightful to see how magnanimous and gracious you are . 
  change of plan , we 're going to build an empire instead !, 
  behold the success of `` reforms '' !, 
  it must warm the cockles of cold northern european hearts to see that other people are paying for the crisis as well . 
   how they react tomorrow should reflect the immediate reaction of thousands of professionals monitoring and judging the situation , their collective reaction sure as hell means more than your ** ideologically bisaded amateur guesses . 
  ** and so what if the euro fails ? 
  that just means that the currency is flawed and that it would be good to kill it off . 
  nice jibe , but if you 're so smart then how can you think that the failure of a currency wo n't be a disastrous event with millions suffering as an outcome . 
  well done there genius , someday you might even be a finance minister . 
   lol , twitter-politics . 
  well you keep dismissing as if people do n't have a counter opinion to your own ... they do , and it 's more than 500 ;-)  we 'll see how the markets react tomorrow , im guessing an average of 2 % drops on the major exchanges , just like last time greece almost left . 
  the question is n't how the markets react tomorrow , but how they react in the long term should grexit happen and how that affects the euro 's viability as a currency . 
   but that does not mean that letting a dysfunctional country leave the ez will make people dislike eu as a whole , come on . 
  that depends on how the eu conducts itself in how it let 's greece stay or go . 
  and importantly it will affect the markets outlook on the sustainability of the euro . 
  right now the eu is making a nasty hames of it 's conduct towards the greeks , and people do n't like it : http://www.pappaspost.com/thisisacoup-trending-globally-on-twitter-as-hundreds-of-thousands-take-to-twitter-to-urge-alexis-tsipras-to-leave-eu-summit/  yeah , and the opinion is for letting greece go , you are the minority . 
  a single yougov poll in a about 5 countries does not indicate a majority . 
  in fact it 's pretty galling that just because northern europe think it holds an opinion that it goes for all of europe ... but it 's in line with the expected attitude i suppose . 
  ironic coming from you considering that sweden said no to the euro in the first place . 
  the eu will decide how many remain positive in thought towards it by it 's chosen actions . 
  that 's how opinion works . 
  edit : yeah ... 500  almost 100k tweets for #thisisacoup, 
  if europe says no to greece , than i will say no !, 
  to europe . 
  i suspect i wo n't be alone in thinking this , europe 's future will be decided by the outcome of this event . 
  there was an irish catastrophe , where we were a net exporter of food . 
  i 'm completely agreeable that history is up for debate , but nonetheless , millions died for the sake of `` policy '' , and the nature of the peoples outlook was changed irrevocably to a point where it became acceptable to continuously vote in ff/fg in the sake of some illusion of `` stability '' . 
  we 're a fucking basketcase , no point in pretending that we are n't ... 
  that 's the thing , no one wants same in three years , but the metrics are fucked , we have creditors demanding austerity ... but no qualifying conditions to hold anyone responsible should it be a disaster . 
  so on one hand we can complain about the greeks should they fail to meet the programs demands ... but who is responsible should the program fail to meet its targets ? 
  none apparently ... that in itself should be a major red flag . 
  i do n't expect the world to end , it never does ... . but that 's the problem , the world does n't stop turning and as ever the little people pick up the pieces ... same as it ever was . 
  and they do want to pay ... at no time have they asked for a write off , what matters is the pace at which they pay it off ... of course , it seems you did n't care to actually consider the detail . 
  but nonetheless it came from the office of one of the most powerful finmin of europe , serious statement of intention . 
  maybe it 's just politics , maybe just press bomb , but if there 's even the slightest hint of sincerity behind it , i 'd be extremely worried . 
  grand , we 'll all suffer together . 
  small satisfaction that it will be . 
  i really have to wonder , is pointless suffering just hardwired in to europe 's existence ? 
  wars over greed and idealism , self destruction for our principles , fate over determination ... happy days : /, 
   where was the greek solidarity in recent weeks ? 
  i agree that the european leaders did a terrible job handling the crisis , but you ca n't accuse the european people that they were n't willing to help . 
  and now greece wants almost 80 billion euros , three years more time and a debt restructuring , and all of that on the back of the taxpayers in the other eurozone countries ? 
  after all the drama they have caused over the last few months ? 
  of course the people have their doubts about greece . 
  it should n't be on other tax payers , were the euro a functional currency union like america , we 'd be issuing eurobonds to fund the debt on the markets . 
  but even still ... the country 's bitching about contributing ... is the amount they would contribute going to create austerity in their countries like the level of austerity they demand ? 
  is it fuck . 
   p.s. 
  : and read the proposal please !, 
  they do n't want to kick greece out the door let them die outside . 
  they still want to assist greece , but in arrangement that allows greece to operate outside the limitations of the eurozone . 
  are you fucking crazy ? 
  that 's doublespeak !, 
  greece outside the `` limitations '' of the ez is greece on its own to fend for itself , if they survived why the fuck would they want back in with such a bunch of conceited fucks ... . assuming the conceited fucks still have a pegged currency to still speak of ... ... 
  oh do n't worry , you 'll pay plenty once the penny drops the euro is nothing more than a currency peg , you 'll wish you had another chance to pay for what might have saved the euro . 
  be careful what you wish for , what feel righteous now will be poor consolation for the disaster it brings down upon you . 
   here 's the sch\u00e4uble grexit plan everybody is talking about - via @sven_giegoldpic.twitter.com/zywteyx4q5 jesus christ !!!, 
  this is fucking insanity !, 
  so this is the solidarity of europe , we either slice you up and feed you to the dogs ... or we kick you out , leave you at the mercy of the elements and then expect you to be grateful when we open the door again assuming you 're alive ? 
  this is the solidarity of europe ? 
  the great european project ? 
  the vision of the builders of post war europe ? 
  let 's just say europe is on notice , the choices it makes now will decide how appealing it is in the future , enjoy your crying about who pays now , it will taste like ash in your mouth should you fuck it all up for short term politics . 
  edit : thank you gilder , i want a europe of friendship ... i fear we 've moved on past that noble point :-( some say in ireland : `` tiocfadh ar la '' : our day will come , a day of unity , a day of peace ... i 'd really love to think that europe still has this in it 's destiny ... but alas , it 's behaviour will destroy it so , and when it 's gone ... oh boy will they cry about the very monster they created :-( [ `` slip sliding away '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_h-ly4jb2m ), 
   mainly they want that greece spends as much money as its economy can afford . 
  by destroying its economy in the process ? 
  fuck you man , there was an irish genocide because of a laissez faire british attitude that exported food because they wanted starving irish people to `` spend as much as they can afford '' , ie nothing . 
  how fucking easy for people like you to spout such ignorant platitudes as you ignore the suffering your polices cause . 
  if this is europe , i want it to burn . 
   -- paul mason ( @paulmasonnews ) july 11 , 2015 ( 2/3 ) in other words the exact same situation as for 6 months . 
  but germans now openly pushing for grexit , imf for debt relief , eu paralysed endgame euro ( pe ) . 
  there is that plane meme ... funny in an extremely distasteful [ way ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3sv5285hh1rtdr3mo1_500.jpg ), 
  heh , not sure if it was n't downvoted because people approved ... or because they failed to get the reference ... best consider it not malign . 
  ... hopefully !, 
  and yet the eu looked the other way as goldman sachs manipulated the metrics necessary for greece to enter . 
  who exactly was meant to be the governing body again ? 
  germany has everything to do with it , shit can be thrown one way but not the other without hypocritical butthurt it seems . 
  and as if to add confirmation bias , you say yourself :  today to be quite truthful . 
  dijsselbloem has n't even given his press conference yet , and here you are tearing at the leash to give credence to a disgusting image of an extremely ignorant and negative stereotype . 
  yay europe , wonderful place , wonderful people !, 
  with friends like this , who needs putin ? 
  ahh , so it 's okay for the germans to complain about their jimnies being rustled by insignificant greek papers publishing similiar offensive images , but when it 's the other way around , it 's an inability to accept criticism . 
  pray do tell me and entertain me , what exactly is the constructive criticism of this wonderful contribution to human cultural heritage ? 
  leave your wonderful sex shops and coffeeshops out of this nederlander !,
