high speed rail in ireland would be wondrous . 
  i have the option to work in a really cool job in cork but am hesitant because i 've a good job/house/etc . 
  in dublin ( which is where i 'm from ) . 
  high speed rail means i 'd simply commute . 
  sure it takes me an hour to get into the city anyway !, 
  i ca n't claim to be a legal expert by any means but basically , currently under irish law it is illegal for a woman to have an abortion under any circumstances . 
  recently a woman in galway died because the baby she was carrying caused complications . 
  she would have survived had she been offered an abortion . 
  this sparked a huge debate , and brought up the [ x case ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eighth_amendment_of_the_constitution_of_ireland#the_.27x_case.27 ) , which the government has been quite poor at addressing . 
  it 's controversial because ireland still has a huge number of old school religious zealots who want to ensure the bill does n't pass ... 
  ** ireland ** * anglo irish bank ( the major reason the irish economy collapsed ) had tapes of conversations between top execs who knew they were taking the irish people on a wild ride . 
  [ sunday newspaper report ] ( http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/give-us-4bn-shower-of-fking-clowns-29400725.html ) . 
  * the controversial abortion bill was put before our parliament , and in the first round of voting by politicians , was passed 138 to 24 . 
  [ report ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/tds-who-voted-against-abortion-bill-975441-jul2013/ ) . 
  * katie taylor wins another gold medal in boxing . 
  [ report ] ( http://thescore.thejournal.ie/katie-taylor-wins-gold-eu-finals-981719-jul2013/ ) . 
  * irish woman becomes the first person to get a green card following a same-sex marriage . 
  [ report ] ( http://www.irishcentral.com/news/irish-lesbian-makes-history-as-first-woman-to-receive-green-card-after-her-same-sex-marriage-214465031.html ) . 
  the story is n't about going to war , though . 
  it 's about training soldiers in combar & etiquette ... 
  sorry , old habit , 
  i 'm not saying that the irish , un or british armies are superior to the us one . 
  obviously that 's not the case . 
  however , culturally it appears ( from the outside ) that the us army is not built to deal with other cultures in the same way other armies that have been involved in recent conflicts have . 
  the british have a wealth of experience with places like northern ireland where the plan was n't just to fight until no one is left standing , but to reform the territory . 
  this is also the case with the un . 
  the irish army , as part of the un mostly , are taught to be civil & passive when training others & have found this to be a tactically better option than the us standard which is , kind of like the movies show , about `` hell week '' and breaking soldiers down to build them back up as lean , mean fighting machines . 
  i bet the type of training matters . 
  the irish army ( particularly the rangers ) are a class above the rest & regularly out-perform their us counter-parts . 
  i would bet part of the issue in afghanistan is that the americans played too much a part of the training . 
  had they left it up to the un or the british it might have been more effective . 
  dublin also has a bar called the ` czech inn ' . 
  both . 
  merkel is right : having an open policy to immigration is still fine & still long-term beneficial to the economy long-term . 
  even if you play a percentages game , it 's a tiny number of recently immigrated people committing these crimes compared to the total numbers who 've arrived into europe . 
  however , if anyone is caught committing a crime or being seen to actively attempt to not integrate to our society , deportation must be the only option . 
  exactly . 
  they * have * achieved incredible things with tighter budgets . 
  consider , too , that eu science funding goes to various places ( cern , for example ) so a dick-waving competition between nasa & esa 's achievements would n't be quite fair unless you take the bigger picture . 
  a moon base project would require bigger budgets into the esa , for sure . 
  but i doubt the esa would do it alone . 
  other scientific agencies ( oh hey , cern ! ), 
  would be drafted . 
  as would collaboration with russia & nasa , unless they want to do it alone . 
  also keep in mind , when we talk budgets , a * huge * portion of the budgets from nasa were for the shuttles . 
  if esa was to build moon base technology but contract spacex , costs would be reduced significantly . 
  i live in dublin but commute to london every two weeks or so . 
  never visited as a tourist but my impression is that london 's awe-inducing for americans . 
  for europeans the food & drinks culture would be more appealing , i reckon ( of course there 's history but it 's blurred by awful modern architecture , etc. ) . 
  i do love paris , but it 's not somewhere you 'd visit regularly . 
  for me berlin is my favourite . 
  but i 've made it a mission of mine to visit new places this year . 
  vienna 's on the list , and i 'm visiting lisbon next week . 
   and europe had no part in that to be fair , nasa was founded in '58 and completed moon landings between '69 & ' 72 . 
  esa was founded in ' 75 . 
  it 's not like the esa could have been part of the moon landings . 
  and even today , the esa has around a third of nasa 's budget . 
  getting the eu member states to agree to pump money into the esa ( which has done tremendous work over the last few years , not least with the iss ) is tough given the current economic climate . 
  well that 's the the fundamental argument between pro/anti immigration folks . 
  my argument is that they 're not choosing to come to europe . 
  i would imagine most syrians or other migrants would much rather stay at home and build their lives there . 
  but they ca n't because of war/poverty/etc . 
  so the eu becomes a safe haven for them . 
  most of these people will accept they 're entering a very different universe to the one they 're used to , and do their best to fit in . 
  those ones usually have kids , and the kids will adapt fine because they 're young & do n't know any better !, 
  some , of course , wo n't be able to adapt and either leave or ( hopefully not ) worse . 
  for those who leave , i suspect some of it might come down to lies sent home from others . 
  chinese whispers in effect . 
  what happens is people in syria ( for example ) are told that if they make it to germany they 'll be given a house and a minimum wage supplement to keep themselves going for a few weeks before they get a visa/passport . 
  obviously not true . 
  but it 's hard for any government to prevent chinese whispers . 
  i 'm pro-immigration but this point is one big issue people are afraid of . 
  it 's not religious differences ( for the most part ) , it 's whether or not this wave of immigration is bringing individuals who can adapt to how different our life is here to theirs back home . 
  apple employs ~ 5000 people right now . 
  today , google employs a similar number and other tech companies are n't far behind . 
  and there 's lots of employment growth going on in these companies & others that have come as a result of ireland attracting the top dogs . 
  the spill-over is that more tech companies setup shop here , and more people get employed right out of college into good jobs . 
  and those jobs are generally high salary ones , which come with high income tax bills . 
  successive irish governments made a conscious decision to compete with our neighbours on price by having a low corporate tax rate . 
  the benefits being obvious . 
  we 're a small island off the coast of europe , remember . 
  we 're punching far above our weight . 
  in any reasonable fight , 5000 apple employees should * probably * be hired in london , not cork . 
  noonan has to appeal or he 'll make these successive governments look foolish and corrupt . 
  but the will of the people is likely that they 'd love to get that cash to pay off some debt or build new infrastructure ; but we 'd rather have the jobs than the cash . 
  ( * i 'm not defending apple or the irish government here , just stating a few points . 
  the conservatism is what has europeans scratching our heads . 
  if any leader offered up `` universal healthcare '' in europe we 'd take it ( if we did n't already have it , of course ) , but in america half of the population seems to think it 's evil . 
  it 's a mentality we just ca n't understand . 
  our most right wing people still feel leftist compared to the fox news types in the us ... 
  one thing i found very strange here , and in other similar incidents involving muslim people getting angry at `` art '' is that there 's generally a good mix of young & old . 
  usually with catholic `` extremists '' moaning about a film or some such rubbish , it 's old people predominantly . 
  but this video , and others like it , make me wonder why people with such extreme views have bothered to be in europe in the first place ? 
  the claim `` we pay taxes so turn off the film '' is ridiculous in the western world , where free speech is so important . 
  even if that speech goes against your beliefs . 
  europe has had such free speech laws before they were born . 
  i do n't want to sound like a right-wing nutter , but if you dislike your surroundings ... you can leave . 
  the other issue is that these crazies are a tiny population of european muslims , and now all those muslims are painted to be extremists who 'll chant `` muhammed '' in a cinema at the very sight of something offensive . 
  the lack of `` relatable romney '' memes in here is disturbing ... 
  i could n't possibly as i 'm not involved with the site ... however looking at the interest generated on twitter etc. , i could n't imagine why not .
