lol !, 
  seldom have i read such nonsense . 
  up until now merkel tried to pressure the uk to stay in , which invalidates your whole argument . 
   [ currently , the ] largest gas lighting network in the world is that of berlin . 
  with about 44,000 lamps , it holds more than half of all working gas street lamps in the world . 
  source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gas_lighting edit : the gas lamps are exclusively in west-berlin . 
   so , what about that photo of berlin taken by andre kuipers ? 
  it 's explained in the article . 
  it was also previously discussed on reddit and if i remember correctly it 's a bit of a mystery . 
  there may be several reasons . 
  one may be that for historical reasons gas lamps are still very common in west-berlin ( although they are getting phased out ) while they are non-existent in east-berlin . 
  another may be that there are still certain differences in such a wide-spread infrastructure network that are difficult to eliminate even after years . 
  in any case , differences in street lighting are hardly an indicator for the economical system failing the east . 
  also , the progress that many infrastructure networks have made since reunification is striking . 
  most notably , the street and traffic network and the communications network have been upgraded from communist era wrecks to the same standard as in the west . 
   what is it with chemnitz ? 
  no idea . 
  chemnitz is located in saxonia . 
  saxonia is one of the most successful states in east-germany . 
  they least of all have reason to complain that the economical system is failing them . 
   i feel east germany deserves even better , being an east-german i could n't agree more . 
  still , your characterization of our current economical system `` failing '' east-germany is way too overstated . 
  there is room for improvement and their always will be but their is also state-of-the-art infrastructure throughout the east that almost completely replaced run-down communist era infrastructure , thriving businesses , successful education , a respected justice system , wildly creative cultural institutions , a stable social net and a respected political system . 
  i live here and this system does n't fail me and it does n't fail my neighbors . 
   i would say that currently , capitalism is failing eastern germany . 
  well , you are wrong . 
  i 'm a born east-german and capitalism saved this part of the country from total collapse . 
   let 's face it : orban administration is directly opposite ideologically to obama that administration is directly opposite to almost anybody anywhere . 
  no wonder obama is smashing his fist on the table with the hungarian government . 
  wtf is `` estmark '' ? 
  google gives me nothing . 
  would n't one of those sousa marches be a way cooler us national anthem ? 
  i mean , the us anthem is okayish but those marches . 
  hot damn !, 
   too many communism buzzwords , the whole text was dropped in the early 70 ` ies when it became highly embarrassing for the government how the anthem referred to germany as a `` united fatherland '' . 
  from then on the it was strictly an instrumental only anthem , no singing . 
   germany what ? 
  when ? 
  yeah , if there were people who believed that , but there are n't . 
  it 's just kremlin propaganda that nobody takes seriously . 
  nobody ever believed otherwise , not even the russians . 
  notwithstanding their assertions . 
  it 's because brits probably still think they are an empire . 
  that 's not a conspiracy theory . 
  the people who call themselves reichsb\u00fcrger in germany are just copying the pseudo-legal argumentation from british and canadian `` freemen on the land '' and american `` sovereign citizens '' . 
  the goal of all these groups is exactly the same . 
  they refuse to pay taxes and debts and follow any law which they find inconvenient while claiming all the rights and protections of the law . 
  because they see putin as standing up to western democracy and western democracy is what the far left really hates . 
   it 's about the current oppressive government , it 's not just about your oppressive government . 
  it 's also about a judicial branch that is independent of the government in any country under the rule of law . 
  not so in turkey where the judicial branch does the government 's bidding , where journalists are in prison and where there is no freedom of press . 
  what an awesome country . 
  makes me want to move there right away . 
   who will likely be losing power in the elections next week . 
  lol !, 
  do you think the journalists imprisoned in turkey will tell me it 's not a terrible place ? 
  let me remind you , turkey is one of the leading nations in the world when it comes to imprisoning journalists . 
  what an awesome country . 
  hahaha . 
  that 's not what the imprisoned journalists think , [ of which you have one of the highest numbers in the world . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_arrested_journalists_in_turkey ), 
  yeah , a country where the highest politician can threaten journalists without any fear of consequence , one of the countries with the highest numbers of imprisoned journalists , such a country sounds like heaven on earth . 
  where do i sign up for permanent residence ? 
   i actually like neo-ottomanism . 
  and how do you like your `` increasing isolationism and paranoia towards other countries '' ? 
  secular turks must have a great time under the current rulers . 
  makes me really want to leave terrible berlin and move to heavenly turkey . 
   sadly this means people favor neo-ottomanism , isolationism , and paranoia towards other countries more . 
  yeah , have fun with that . 
   over here it 's a bowler hat that bankers are supposed to wear so they did n't have the exact kind of hat at hand and took some other somewhat similar looking kind of hat . 
  oh no , that ca n't be it . 
  they clearly wanted to portray a jew . 
  because that 's what the politically correct german state media always do . 
  jew jokes . 
  am german . 
  can confirm that our tv channels and newspapers are full of antisemitism and jew jokes . 
   i 'm a banker and i do n't wear one . 
  that 's why i said that germans ** think ** that british bankers look like that . 
   it 's not even ambiguous ; he 's dressed exactly like a hasidic jew . 
  lol !, 
  i guess [ this guy here ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/migration_catalog/article5158582.ece/alternates/w620/pg-6-silly-walk-bbc.jpeg ) must be a hasidic jew then . 
  the actor was dressed like germans imagine british bankers are dressed . 
  get over yourself . 
  edit : yeah , i know they did n't have the exact kind of hat at hand and took some other somewhat similar looking kind of hat . 
  oh no , that ca n't be it . 
  they clearly wanted to portray a jew . 
  because that 's what the politically correct german state media always do . 
  jew jokes . 
  am german . 
  can confirm that our tv channels and newspapers are full of antisemitism and jew jokes . 
   lenty of people seem to think the guy potraying the brit looks like a jew he had one of those hats which germans think british bankers wear . 
   or is it more just easy targets yeah , it 's an easy target . 
  most germans are fed up with the british and wish they 'd leave already . 
   lazy racism racism ? 
  where was there racism ? 
  berlin , germany ? 
   imagine that some of the people in the cabin might have managed to put on masks quickly enough and not faint . 
  with consciousness lasting from 30 to 60 seconds at explosive decompression most people in the cabin would have managed to put on masks . 
  it 's quite baffling why the pilots should not have been able to put on their masks . 
  well , the feeling is mutual .
