that one pullquote you present is not the point of the rebuttal . 
  it 's a propaganda site because they failed to disclose any actual repeatable problems , but rather went to the media first , and were anyway invited by the central party who has a vested interest against e-voting . 
  that is a propaganda site you link to . 
  here 's a [ response ] ( https://www.ria.ee/e-voting-is-too-secure/ ) . 
  it is as if a million shills suddenly cried out in being caught in their lies , and were suddenly in a loss of fud . 
  i fear something straightforward has happened . 
  okay , then try reading what i actually wrote . 
  i did not comment about the verdict . 
  what i did comment was the judge 's scientific illiteracy and his use of an old , obsolete paper as proof . 
  and this has absolutely nothing to do with what you just said . 
  try reading the article maybe ? 
  to make a joke ? 
  to be honest i think by now you 're just being wilfully ignorant . 
  i assume this example is an attempt to demonstrate how a contradiction between an ideal and everyday practice leads to an apparent contradiction . 
  ( in passing : your argument depends on idealization , devoid of any actual legislaion and legislative practice , so you 're already on very thin ice , but let 's not do philosophy here . ), 
  well the problem is that , once again , such general things like the human rights are premised on the idea that if there is such a conflict , we should change our practice to be more closer to the ideal , rather than abandoning the ideal the moment we see a conflict . 
  it * is * an ideal , of course , but it 's a great idea , and i abhor anyone who thinks that they are in the position of passing judgement on others outside any due process , and that laws should be changed based on someone 's prejudice . 
  which is what you were originally advocating . 
  * so you do n't deny that human rights are being ignored all the time , including in europe ? 
  * so do you think that ideals are a boolean switch of either/or , so that they must either be implemented perfectly everywhere , or if not , we should right now change the laws based on current events because of terrorists ? 
  right now , you are approaching an ideal with sixty or 300 years of attempts of putting it into practice like a light switch . 
  but perhaps i 'm just an optimist . 
  your reaction seems to be : `` if no perfect x , therefore no x '' . 
  mine is : `` if no perect x , then let 's try better in favour of x. '', 
  you do understand that there are literally thousands of pages and cases that analyse and comment on this , as well as court decisions and practical outcomes for every one of these examples in most western countries ? 
  it 's not like the idea of universal human rights was just invented and nobody had a problem with them before today . 
  the `` we '' is the abstract subject of human rights , and the practical consequences of this decision have been debated and lawyered about for 60 + years now . 
  are you sure that you now know the lynchpin that will upset all of this thoroughly debated , assessed , analysed thing called the human rights ? 
  the answer is : no , you do n't . 
  you do n't have a `` this one trick that destroys all human rights '' card . 
  i 'm almost wanting to demolish all of your examples , but i 'll limit myself just two things : first , learn what the [ castle doctrine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/castle_doctrine ) is , and second : `` freedom of speech '' does not imply freedom from the * consequences * of that speech . 
  in fact , it never has . 
  it seems that you may not know what human rights are . 
  in this context human rights are things like prosecuting them based on general principles such as evidence , right for a fair trial , and so on . 
  what human rights are not : `` kill or imprison them because people like me are scared and shouting emotionally . '', 
  call me an idealist , but `` we will not sink to their level '' is good enough reason for me . 
  yes , these are individual words that you typed in . 
  human rights laws are enough to deal with the situation . 
  no-one can or should be able to simply arbitrarily decide who has these rights and who does not . 
  maybe i 'm misreading you : i thought you said that if human rights protect everyone , then change the laws , and that if somebody calls somebody a terrorist , they no longer have such rights . 
  but actually it should be the general human rights that allow us to decide whether somebody is a terrorist or not . 
  anyway , most countries , including the uk , already have laws against these sorts of situations , so farage is just being his usual populist asshole self . 
  ah , well in case yes , it 's a moot point . 
  i was mostly reacting to my perhaps mistaken perception that many people in this thread are saying that human rights , such as in the universal declaration , must be rethought because of is . 
  what you describe is indeed the case . 
  i 'm still wary of where this might lead . 
  one of the things that the universal declaration of human rights is used is to avoid parochialism . 
  it is a declaration that there are certain ideals that apply universally despite local , contingent situations . 
  it is in fact the feature and not a bug of human rights that they turn situations simplistic . 
  so basically , i get your point , with the caveat that those returning should be arrested and prosecuted when they arrive . 
  what should not be done is rethinking human rights . 
  first , because what `` most people think '' is not a legal argument , nor one that human rights have to follow . 
  but second and more importantly , there are already laws that can be used to prosecute these people . 
  there is no need to upturn general human rights because of this one populist manipulator . 
  you may have this thing backwards . 
  it 's not about first deciding who is a terrorist and who is n't , and then selectively applying human rights . 
  it 's about human rights being used to decide who is a terrorist and who is not . 
  it may feel stupid and annoying and frustrating in particular cases such as this one , but it 's still better than the might-makes-right that would otherwise follow . 
  [ special pleading ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/special_pleading ) is a thing . 
  it 's not a good thing . 
  also , the courts are there in order to decide about what you 're complaining about . 
  indeed . 
  just two things to add : 1 ) the commission 's members , being scientists and not pr people , expressed a scientific understanding of probability , which is different from most people 's understanding of it , leading to misinterpretations in the media about the actual level of threat . 
  2 ) the old paper presented by the prosecutor notes that their model is probably wrong , and an expert witness confirmed . 
  yet the judge , being scientifically illiterate or perhaps uncaring , ignored this and used it as evidence . 
  pretty much this . 
  for me the worst part ( except the unneeded deaths of course ) was precisely the judge 's scientific illiteracy and , worse , his dedication to remaining so . 
  `` i decided to sell my hoover ... well it was just collecting dust . '', 
  - tim vine, 
  i was just making a joke , based on what the sentence sounds like . 
  and canada is how old ? 
  or you 're probably just a random russian shill who chose canada as a flair randomly . 
  in that case , never mind and fuck off . 
  i do n't think you know what the words you are using mean . 
  a mission for you : name countries that are less than 1000 years old . 
  start with canada . 
  do i have to give you a hint ? 
  we in estonia have the sam ... d'oh !, 
  if that means `` finland sucks at war '' then that is incorrect . 
  e : so people here think finland * does * suck at war , even after whipping the ass of the soviet union during the winter war ? 
  or do people not understand the sentence `` it is incorrect that finland sucks at war '' ? 
  of course putin wo n't invade . 
  he 'll just send a humanitarian aid convoy . 
  what are you gon na do if you lose ? 
  odds are stacked against you ... 
  my first thought was it was perhaps my accent . 
  but also it was in a completely random really tiny pub near queen mary university and they actually did n't have any bitter . 
  and then a british friend from edinburgh said it was more of a northen thing anyway . 
  in retrospect , i 'm still confused . 
  not * all * of it . 
  there 's snow between the dirt road and the forest . 
  the seal 's ? 
  you guys sure have it easy ... 
  my greatest wonder ( ment ) from the uk was when i was determined to have the true british experience and go to a pub and ask for `` a pint of bitter please `` and the bartender just looked at me puzzled and said `` what ? 
  do you want a beer ? '', 
  this name is simply asking for an `` englished '' version of it . 
  i mean like eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull is really eyjafuckyouall . 
  alfslutdick sounds too obvious though ... 
  7 wonders from estonia ? 
  hmm ...
