it 's win-win situation . 
  we get refugees , they flee to germany , germany wo n't give them anything because they are supposed to be in here , refugees refuse to leave germany and force their kids to starve as protest . 
  ngos will blame germany not helping poor refugees running from soviet czechia and everbody will be happy . 
  and in case this whole multi-culti-think-about-kids will fail , we can say `` we told you so '' . 
  meanwhile red cross and other organizations that do actually help in turkey and middle east are begging for money , but nobody gives a **** , because accepting few thousand people to eu makes you look much better then saving few milions in the east . 
  no , but being outvoted does n't always mean that it 's different then dictate . 
  it 's from amnesty so ... 
  i can give you study where 98 % mens say they wear miniskirt at home , when nobody is watching , based on same , thrustworthy ansvers , the same agency also says that 90 % of roma kids in cz are placed in `` special schools '' though there is law that strictly forbids any kind of database of kids with information about their ethnic , it would be racist . 
  so their data are pretty much bull **** generator . 
  putin won elections . 
  his party also won elections ... yaaay democracy . 
  it 's a nice joke . 
  i 'm glad i live in cz , you can make such joke here without worry of being killed by security guard . 
  though it 's questionable , should it be so easy to get on roof of presidential palace ? 
  well , nobody takes security of czech presidents very seriously , even their bodyguards ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nhojed2dri, 
  do you understand that sit at street and beg for money , steal , distribute drugs or blackmail in germany/sweden/uk / france will make much more money then money and housing we can provide in poor eastern countries ? 
  imagine this : 5000 migrants get to cz . 
  almost impossible to learn czech language ( try it yourself ) , bad soviet-like housing , money just enough to live with . 
  now they log-in to facebook and read how their friends in germany get 20x more money , got nice , clean housing , can speak their own language because there are so many of them in germany thanks to mother merkel open arms policy . 
  why would they stay in sh * thole like cz ? 
  for the terrible housing and low money ? 
  they will sit on first train to germany . 
  now germany will blame cz , that poor immigrants do n't want to stay there because we do n't give them enough money and nice housing . 
  ( we just got from economic crisis , yep , this year ) but germany now have lot 's of immigrants that are supposed to be in cz are in germany instead . 
  will you let them starve ? 
  you will face amnesty international everyday blame `` look poor kids starve !!!, 
  germans did n't change , they are still nazi ! '', 
  ( they know that nazi blame works on you , even though i think you should not let manipulate with yourself so easy because of nazi history . ), 
  ps : the money eu will send to every country for every migrant they accept will never get to them in cz . 
  czech politicians will distribute it between themselves . 
  germany needs people that will do manual work for minimal wages . 
  with high level of education and lifestyle , nobody wants to do the `` dirty work '' . 
  generousness is just for media . 
  it 's just matter of time before you get sticker `` racist '' in media ... 
  it 's obvious you hold them in the trains against their will so you can fill the train with gas . 
  welcome to eastern barbarian-nazi-xenophobe group denmark !, 
  `` eu is considering imposing sanctions on countries that do not want to take part in a proposed new relocation scheme '' `` countries that do not want to take in refugees would be offered an opt-out clause , but they would have to pay to use it . '', 
  did you ? 
  the countries of eu must agree on accepting refugees from other countries , if they wo n't , there will be no quota . 
  and eu ( read germany ) says that if members of eu wo n't vote the correct ansver , they will have to pay for that . 
  last time we got quota for 1238 refugees , we refused the quota and we will take more then 1700 `` on our own will '' . 
  i do n't care about acepting few thousands of refugees `` on our own will '' , but we ca n't accept quota system that would force us accept 2,34 % out of 100,000 migrants , then 2,34 % out of 1 000 000 attracted by your nice social system , for end of times . 
  `` sanctions are a normal enforcement mechanism within the eu : you do n't follow the law you got ta pay '' sir , there is now law that bounds eu members to quota system . 
  thats why they vote about it for gods sake !, 
  what frau merkel is saying : if you wo n't vote as germany , the \u00fcber nation commands , you will be punished . 
  that is not democracy . 
  thats germany ruling europe . 
  people here are getting really **** . 
  release from 40 years in slavery of soviet just to become slave of germany . 
  denmark worse then hitler !, 
  they inform migrants about their asylum rules !, 
  what a xenophobic bunch of people . 
  the goverment has obviously gone mad and must be replaced . 
  czech people were againts eu even before greece and immigration crisis , though it was like 50 % / 50 % . 
  ( i have no idea tbh ) a lot of people have still no idea what are the benefits eu . 
  goverment fails to use the money eu gives us and it 's often connected with corruption . 
  then there was the greece crisis , so everybody is happy that we did n't accept euro . 
  and now europe says that we must accept immigrants . 
  ( we fail to integrate few ten-thousands of roma people for 50 years ) still the most important part is : lots people have no idea about benefits of eu . 
  about russia ... lot of kremlinbots spam social media but it 's nothing serious , though i personally think that `` not talking to evil russians '' wo n't solve the problem . 
  china ... well every country in the world have some business with china and its hypocritical not to come to their celebration of end of war when money from your country ( smartphones and all ) did pay that weapons ... 
  v4 will never agree with this madness . 
  it would be political suicide for those , who would accept it against will of so many people . 
  well , greece people can always vote for different party . 
  then the party will say `` we do n't feel bound to fulfill promises syriza made to eu '' then , germoney will be sad ... you do n't want to sadden germoney . 
  thank you for that . 
  http://www.bezlepek.cz/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/tatra-salko.png in czech republic it 's pretty much in every shop . 
  it 's sweetened . 
  it can be used into coffe , it 's used a lot in cooking and it 's really great with ice cream or bananas ... 
  it is often boiled in water ( the whole can ) before used in cooking . 
  `` we went down to the train and there is no gold at all !, 
  no gold i tell you the truth . 
  oh and have you already seen my new boxster spyder ? '', 
  `` european values '' europeans did murder each other 70 years ago . 
  figuring how to kill as many people as possible as cheap as possible and as painfull as possible . 
  70 years is not even length of human life . 
  do n't talk about european values . 
  they do not exist . 
  it 's a myth . 
  where were european values during cold war when half of europe was in grasp of ussr ? 
  im getting that feeling that when your country is in danger , the right thing to do is leave your old , woman , children behind and get yourself better future in another country , and if any kind of problem emerges in that country , just repeat the process . 
  in 100 years there would be no safe or civilized country on this planet . 
  during ww2 , when a country was occupied by germany , nobody would join army in that country ofcourse , it would really be same mess as in syria now . 
  they fled to neighboring country that was `` the next on the line '' , helped to defend it and later freed his country . 
  `` want to risk their life in war ? '', 
  i do n't think fins during winter war were super-willing to die . 
  few in numbers , with far less aircraft , tanks and other military equipment . 
  however they are the reason why you are not speaking russian today . 
  you won freedom for your country , as many other countries in europe did . 
  now while we are enjoying peace paid with milions of lives , some other people are comming here , people who are not willing to fight for their country , it 's more easy to hide in europe and let foreign soldiers fight their fight . 
  ( not all of them , but look at conflicts in camps between refugees from different countries ), 
  lol :d you made my day sir :d, 
  just wait a little while and you will learn that he is also drunk and populist there are 2 extreme groups in cz . 
  for one group is president the public enemy no . 
  1 and each time you speak about him , you must not forget to mention that he is russian funded , drunk , xenophobic and hates inteligence . 
  the second group loves him and think every s *** he say is holy . 
  that he is the only independent politican of eu and the only one in eu that has the guts to say what others are not , because of political correctness . 
  both groups are same dumb but it 's fun to watch them fight :d, 
  do you have an idea how many people in here care about `` god '' or that thousand years old book full of non-sense rewritten and re-translated so many times it losts it 's original meaning like 1800years ago ? 
  but when the few decide to do something nice for their co-believers , why should we stop them ...
