not regular jobs , but the kind of crappy jobs illegals do everywhere . 
  no ids in uk & they mostly speak ( basic ) english only . 
  it 's therefore much easier for them to find jobs in britain . 
  so is the new channel tunnel calais to dublin ? 
  schuman declaration , 1950 : the pooling of coal and steel production should immediately provide for the setting up of common foundations for economic development as a first step in the federation of europe . 
  ... by pooling basic production and by instituting a new high authority , whose decisions will bind france , germany and other member countries , this proposal will lead to the realization of the first concrete foundation of a european federation indispensable to the preservation of peace . 
  1954 : bulletin from the european community for coal and steel # 1 : [ towards a federal government of europe ] ( http://aei.pitt.edu/43475/1/a7384.pdf ), 
  i do n't think that 's the reason . 
  no matter if i buy on fr/uk/de / it , it 's always billed by amazon eu sarl in luxembourg . 
  the way i see it , it 's no longer about right or left , even though i wish it still was . 
  i mean , we have people who actively want to destroy the basic ideas post-1945 western liberal democraties were build on , and they are actually winning elections . 
  it 's a matter of damage control for me at this point , hopefully fighting this wave just long enough for trump/brexit to fail and discredit populist ideologies elsewhere . 
  then we 'll come back to normal politics , i hope . 
  so far , 2017 has been going well enough . 
  trump ca n't even rule its own party , much less the usa , the uk still has no idea what sort of brexit it wants , the netherlands rejected populism massively and it looks like france is headed to elect its most pro-eu president yet next month . 
  i 'm cautiously optimistic that everything might be okay in the end . 
  it 's consistent ( and at the same dates ) because it 's an eu regulation since the 90s . 
  maybe the uk will choose its own different changing dates now just because . 
  we are not , it 's quite a hard process to get a schengen visa then naturalisation . 
  i worked with a muslim phd student from tunisia who had to go though a lot of questioning/paperwork in order to first get her visa and eventually naturalisation as a french citizen with a right to live in france & the eu . 
  it took years and she had to renew her yearly visa months in advance each time until her naturalisation was accepted . 
  today , that 's true . 
  a few hundred years back and until the 19th century , radical christians murdered people and took over country just the same way . 
  if changed happened in christians countries when they developped , i do n't see why it could n't be the same for muslim countries . 
   the eu works do you ? 
   here 's an example : in the 80 's sure , if we dissolved the eu today , terrorists groups would go : `` hey , we can stop planning attacks in paris , brussels & london , they dissolved the eu ! '', 
  the problem is that most people do n't care to know . 
  everything is available on the various eu websites on every languages . 
  too many retreats . 
  populists take over countries and we fall back . 
  they assimilated the uk , us , and we fell back . 
  not again !, 
  the line must be drawn in france , ... this far , no further !, 
  i think the fact that , 25 years on , we still call eu citizens moving though the union `` immigrants '' shows us part of the issue . 
  even if if the current eu fail , i believe a core france-benelux - germany will reappear soon afterward . 
  really :o . 
  that 's very weird . 
  no idea . 
  so much unknown . 
  it 's the same with things like warranty . 
  pretty much all electronic i have today has a eea-wide warranty . 
  hopefully , if the uk will keep at least minimal integration with the eu ( the same way canada is with the usa in nafta ) . 
  i 'd rather avoid having a government that will leave the euro and devaluate my saving , destroy the eu and fuck the economy for as long as possible . 
  it 's down to this . 
  great idea , i 'm near calais to receive , just need an accomplice over in kent to form a post brexit amazon drone smuggling ring :d . 
  yes , and like norway . 
  but those countries are still part of the single market , so you only have limited customs/rule of origin to worry about , that already simplify matters greatly . 
  and even then , it 's not as open as the irish border today . 
  in many places , there is still customs stops and some places are fenced off to prevent smuggling . 
  [ http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/106171696.jpg] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/106171696.jpg ), 
  well , bluray are still the best way to watch a movie/tv show . 
  it 's still above streaming as for video compression . 
  since i have the newest seasons on bluray , i feel a compulsive need to buy the rest of the show on physical media as well in order to have a consistent collection . 
  french here optimistic about the future elections ? 
  not me , i 'm 28 and in every election in the last 4 years , i have voted for someone i disagree with on most things in order to avoid someone even worse . 
  yes , we do . 
  i also buy a lot of kindle english book though amazon ( so uk books that are available to other amazon europe stores ) . 
  i liked the part about ireland as well . 
  we 'll somehow maintain the cta , an open border and leave the custom union . 
  with `` somehow '' yet to be defined . 
  that 's the point . 
  we might as well get it over with . 
  as of today , trump is not yet in office , the uk is still in the eu . 
  yet we know those will change and there 's nothing to be done . 
  i wish it was 2020 and everything was done . 
  i do not enjoy seing the western world i was born in burn and disappear in slow motion . 
  in a funny way , as someone who live in northern france , i hope it means going to the uk will be cheap again when duty free comes back to life on ferries and eurotunnel . 
  yes , or fr/it/es , since it 's for the time being the same thing . 
  but the uk wo n't be leaving the eu overnight , there 's still at least two years . 
  if i 'm fast enough , i should be able to order the rest of bbc classic doctor who dvds before customs are back up :p . 
  today , amazon uk , fr , de , it , es , are 5 differents fronts of the same thing . 
  amazon eu sarl . 
  if you order from uk , your order could be sent from anywhere in those countries since those are all amazon eu and they share their warehouses . 
  post brexit , amazon uk will probably be split and become independant . 
  so orders will only come from the uk and will have to go though customs . 
  me too , and i think strengthening organisations like the eu , nafta , asean , south american union was the most likely way to eventually reach a global common market based on the same rules and values . 
  i do n't see it happening anymore after 2016 . 
  wait a second , what was the point of 6 months of preparation to basically say `` we 're leaving everything and that 's it . '', 
  american do n't have the right for their state to leave their union . 
  last time some tried , it ended badly . 
  an id card is enough for any eu/efta country ( even non schengen members ) . 
  really ? 
  i was born in calais and i always saw england like this multiple time a year on sunny/clear days . 
  one french provider started offering eu roaming for free in 2014 , others followed and hence for the last year and a half , most people have had eu-wide roaming already . 
  indeed , be careful with switzerland . 
  since it 's not in the eea , it 's very often way more expensive . 
  many french networks have already allowed eea wide roaming for the last year in advance . 
  the only downside i can think of is that you need to really remember to disable roaming when leaving europe . 
  since i move a lot between france / uk / belgium , i have kept roaming on all the time for the last year . 
  took a plane to china , roamed for 2 min there when i turned my phone back on before noticing it . 
  cost me 20 $ . 
  there need to be an eea roaming option on phones . 
  still , they have a right to complain about the government vision of brexit , especially since the final destination in unclear . 
  i mean , nobody know for sure where the uk-eu relation is going at the moment . 
  it could go all the way from eea-lite to hard full brexit with something nafta-like ( fta , easement for workers to work in each other coutries and some common regulation ) in between . 
  but why do you think all those people are campaigning ? 
  it 's to keep the issue/debate alive until things can change eventually , not plan for an armed coup against the british government . 
  if i were british , i 'd do anything i can to help with the fight . 
  ( to be honest , even not being british today , i feel bad enough about the situation to want to do something ) . 
  that 's the exact same thing .
