last time i 've checked they were hunting `` reactionaries '' on reddit . 
  that does n't sound moderate to me . 
  i do n't think sex segregation would work here . 
  a violent person probably wo n't stop being violent just because they are segregated . 
  so , some guy , instead of raping a woman , will rape another guy , or stab him , or something else like that . 
  i think it would be better to closely monitor everyone and quickly get rid of any person who instigates violence . 
  put them temporarily in another place until they get deported , so that those asylum seekers who are peaceful can live in peace . 
  i think it 's kind of silly to turn the conversation into some kind of `` my country is better than your country '' contest . 
  it 's irrelevant , because a single person does n't represent a country . 
  i 'm from poland , but it would be wrong for me to claim to represent poland , because there are all kinds of people living here . 
  some would agree with what i post , and others would totally disagree . 
  a person 's national/cultural background might influence their views , but it does n't define them . 
  and still ... despite thoroughly browsing through my comment history , you have n't found even one statement that would suggest i have `` reactionary '' views . 
  what makes you think so ? 
  i only made a post suggesting that your use of the word `` reactionary '' makes you seem like you 're from soviet union , because of how eager you were to apply that label to others . 
  then you posted a definition of `` reactionary '' and claimed that i am one . 
  so i challenged you to find my posts that fit that definition . 
  and you failed to find even one . 
  so , what you 're saying is that after about 2 hours of replying to me on here , you still have absolutely no evidence for your claims . 
  you 're quite persistent , digging through my comment history like that . 
  but still , no evidence for your claims . 
  actually , it does n't show anything like that , because i 'm not a part of any internet mob . 
  so it ca n't show something that 's not true . 
  i also do n't use the word sjw to label people who disagree with me . 
  i rarely use it at all , and when i do it 's only about people who are actually nasty towards others in the name of `` social justice '' . 
  anyway , the definition of `` reactionary '' that you 're trying to apply to me did n't say anything about using the label `` sjw '' . 
  it said that reactionaries support traditional gender roles , monarchism , libertarian economic system , and oppose egalitarianism . 
  please give an example of a post in which i express these kind of views . 
  well , the soviets labeled the people opposing them as `` reactionaries '' , so they did the same thing as what you 're doing here . 
   such as you . 
  please give some evidence that shows me supporting traditional gender roles , monarchism , libertarian economic system , opposing egalitarianism , etc. 
  i do n't see anything about sjws there . 
   seriously , using the word sjw automatically tags you as a reactionary . 
  you 're calling someone a `` reactionary '' . 
  are you a time traveler from the soviet union ? 
   this neo liberal agenda you guys have where europe needs to be a continent where free travel is permitted for any natural born white male or whatever is retarded . 
  i 've never seen anyone on here say that . 
  it seems that this pride parade is organized by an actual lgbt rights activist . 
  from what someone else wrote on here , this pride march is organized by jan sjunnesson , who has been a lgbt rights activist for many years . 
  so it makes no sense to view the counter parade as the `` real '' one . 
  it appears that both of them are pro-lgbt , only with different views on immigration . 
  but patriotism has nothing to do with being unkind to immigrants . 
  i think it 's more because ussr is much more recent . 
  there are many people who personally remember the totalitarian communist government , while there are n't many people who personally remember the nazis . 
  it does look similar , but there 's a saturn store right at the bottom , so it must be somewhere in europe . . 
  i guess you 're right , a political discussion can be good , but only as l long as it 's open minded and respectful , without the `` us vs them '' mentality . 
  unfortunately , political discussions often turn into preaching and `` my politics good , your politics bad '' and i think that should be kept away from gaming . 
  it 's divisive , and in my opinion gaming should bring people together regardless of their background . 
  and how about more of both ? 
  there are all kinds of people who like all kinds of games . 
  i want them ( the good ones , not the ones who send threats ) so they definitely are wanted , at least by some people . 
  as for toxicity , i think most of it comes from politics . 
  that 's why i think politics should be kept away from gaming , it just creates a lot of hate , because the `` us vs them '' mentality is very common in politics . 
  the problem is that it 's not gg that made gamers look like dicks , it 's journalists . 
  of course there are people in gg who are total dicks , but singling them out to write `` look at these bad gamers , they are bad and should feel bad '' articles is 100 % sleazy journalism , because you could write dishonest articles like that about any group . 
  it seems to me that it 's all because of the power imbalance - gg mostly consists of just ordinary gamers with no individual power , while there 's a lot of money and influence behind their opponents , like popular journalists , even quite a few celebrities . 
  the only way for ordinary people to take a stand against people with a lot of influence is to band together . 
  if gg dissolved and some other group was formed , even if it made much more effort towards keeping the dicks out , their opponents would still have much more influence and would use it to paint the group in a negative light . 
  i agree that there 's some nasty stuff on gg 's side , but there 's also a lot of good stuff . 
  there are transphobic people , but they are also people who are open-minded and accepting , even actual transsexual people . 
  gg is very diverse . 
  personally , i support the good things about gg , like ethical journalism and defending gamers from the `` gamers are over '' stuff , and i hope the positive part of the movement succeeds in the future . 
  on the other hand , i see a lot more nastiness on the side of people actively fighting against gamergate . 
  they often claim to support diversity , but that claim really conflicts with the way they treat others - so much contempt , snark , negative attitudes towards people with different political views or even different experiences in life ( there seems to be an undercurrent of negativity towards nerdy and awkward guys - `` neckbeards '' , `` basement dwellers '' , `` desperate loners '' etc ) . 
  when i compare both sides when it comes to empathy and openness , gg definitely wins ( although it 's still far from perfect ) . 
  you seem kind of hateful . 
  [ here 's an interesting alternative viewpoint from someone who was formerly very anti-gamergate as well . 
  ] ( http://geekswithwives.com/experiencing-gamergate-from-all-sides/ ), 
  well , i 'm from eastern poland but i 'd definitely want to stay safe . 
  i 'm quite patriotic and attached to my country , but i 'm just totally not meant for the military . 
  to be honest , i definitely would n't feel safe in a country defended by people like me , because even a mannequin would do a better job . 
  i 'm 99 % sure i would n't be able to even wear a uniform because of a weird rare skin condition i have . 
  ( i wonder if in case of a draft i 'd be able to avoid it if i got some kind of paper from a dermatologist ? ), 
  that would make mras a kind of feminists . 
  i think it 's actually an interesting way to look at it . 
   to be honest i think the prevalence of ` radical feminism ' is greatly overstated . 
  i think it 's just a case of using the wrong word . 
  people say `` radical feminism '' when they actually mean an aggressive , antagonistic kind of feminism that encourages gender wars and similar stuff . 
  i guess that 's possible , but from what i 've seen that 's not the case with tia . 
  when someone makes sexists , racist , homophobic , etc. 
  comments there , they tend to get downvoted into oblivion . 
  what kind of agenda ? 
  if you want to see tia without mocking militant sjws , you can go to / r/tiadiscussion and look there . 
  i do n't think there 's a single agenda there , because there 's a lot of people with very different views and usually they share these views in reasonable way , without insults . 
   anti sjw is an american version of modern conservatives and right wing activists . 
  you even know american memes . 
  that 's not true . 
  the term sjw is more like a part of internet culture rather than a strictly american meme . 
  and it 's not limited to conservatives and right wing activists . 
  it 's also used by moderates and even some left-wingers to criticize militant `` social justice '' activism ( that 's what the `` warrior '' part means ) . 
  sjws are people who push for a gender war ( claiming that men are oppressors , inventing gendered words like `` mansplaining '' , etc. ), 
  or a race war ( by judging and separating people by their skin color , opposing race blindness and equal treatment of everyone ) . 
  the opposite of a sjw is someone who treats people as individuals , not separates them by race , gender , etc. 
  i do n't really like / r/polska . 
  the problem is that poland has its own reddit-style site called wykop , and it 's kind of dominated by people with certain political views , and so people with opposite views went to reddit . 
  right now both places are mirror images of each other , very intolerant and one-sided . 
  i think it 's a great idea !, 
  there is n't much polish sci-fi , so i hope it will be good . 
  and i like the idea of showing poland as a superpower . 
  it might be totally unrealistic , but it can be very inspiring , if done well .
