  you see people walking down roads , with luggages containing their most precious belongings . 
  - family 's destruction , the loss of loved ones are depicted as well . 
  i rememer we had an essay written by a young boy in 1919 , in our history book . 
  in this essay , the boy was asked by his teacher to talk about his family . 
  the essay begins by the boy saying he has a mother and a father , then the father is drafted . 
  the essay brutally ends with the boy writing that is father was killed by a german bomb . 
  - civilians killed by bombings , or hunger due to the war . 
  - most teachers will tell you that the most saddenning part of all of the above is that people doing war are n't those who decided it . 
  we get a lot of examples of french state propaganda during ww1 . 
  papers wrote that life in the trenches was all fun and games ( i paraphrase but this is the idea , they wrote complete bullshit ) , soldiers letters when censored before being sent to their family ... - finally , in france you have to picture this : our two deadliest conflicts ( ww1 and ww2 ) were fought against germany . 
  germany is now one of our best allies ... several millions of death for what ? 
  we earned nothing with it . 
  european union has its flaws , but as far as we know it 's way better than war or protectionnism . 
  i know that it 's a very beautiful country , a great destination for vacations . 
  you had a politician named salazar who apparently ( i do n't know much about him ) was n't that great so a lot or portuguese came to france some decades ago . 
  thus we ( south west of france ) usually know some french who are born in portugal . 
  for some reason ( might be a cultural thing ) , they engage more in small talks . 
  this results in a picture of portuguese being nice and welcoming people . 
  other than that , you conquiered brasil and angola , you have a great football team and fernando pessoa is a great writer !, 
  hi , i work in education ( high school and colleges ) , although i 'm not a history teacher . 
   do your history classes incorporate moral judgments ( cruel/appropriate/justified / unjustified/right/wrong , etc ) ? 
  yes . 
  it 's hard to imagine a history teacher just saying `` so we sent several millions people in the trenches , more than one million died . 
  in the end other countries came to help , so the other side agreed in stopping the war . 
  now , next chapter '' usually teachers emphasize on how bad war is and that it would be a good thing if people tried to discuss things instead of using violence . 
   do your classes about the asian theater of ww2 mainly discuss the atomic bombs ? 
  my history lessons on asian theater during ww2 were something along the lines of ( granted my history teacher was n't really the type to overthink stuffs ) : - japan attacked its neighbors . 
  they had an emperor and they were allied to germany ; - they attacked pearl harbour , so * logically * , the us defended themselves ; - it was n't easy to fight on all those tiny islands and they had to help us ( france ) , so eventually they decided to bomb the place in order to show who was going to win in the end . 
  atomic bombs were used to avoid wasting of time . 
  - there were approximately 140 000 and 70 000 casualties in hiroshima and nagasaki . 
  you kids ca n't figure how much it is ? 
  no problem , japan surrenders , it 's the end of the chapter . 
  now , next chapter !, 
  so i could summerize by saying atomic bombs represent roughly 30 to 50 % of history classes about ww2 asian part . 
  i do n't, 
  hi , i do n't have one . 
  i do n't think my mom ( and her husband ) have any , and neither does my grandmother on my mother side . 
  my father 's girlfriend loves cooking , pretty sure she has one . 
  most people ( so under 30yo ) i know do n't own a deep fryer . 
  i should precise that i live in south west of france . 
  i guess that everybody has a deep fryer in the north . 
  you summerize it very well , but imo you forgot to mention how much of a poor attendance record they have . 
  some of them are very rarely in sessions . 
  there 's also the problem of sexism against female politicians during assembly sessions . 
  hahahaha are you serious ? 
  nobody use this !, 
  i thought it was only a foreigners joke ( and you might be joking right now ) . 
  when i was young ( before 2005 ) , nobody used that . 
  never heard someone referring to god ( god , if you like ) . 
  however , since the arrival of tv shows similar to laguna seca and social medias , young generations have a tendancy to `` translate '' english set phrases . 
  so while none of them are any kind of religious , they say `` oh mon dieu '' or even `` oh my god '' or `` omg '' ( those are easily pronuncable for french people as there is n't any * r * or * th * sounds ) . 
  i would note that nobody over 30yo does that . 
  so to answer your question : - people over 25 use `` oh my god '' or something along the lines very rarely . 
  - people between 15 and 25yo use it very often ( i 'm a teacher , i hear this a lot ) . 
  sure , no problem for a pm, 
  can you explain to me what are the difference between those two . 
  then , i might be able to understand why occitan would be a language and not a dialect . 
  therefore i would not repeat this mistake . 
  nobody said they were french dialects . 
  just that it 's an idiom that is spoken in ( but not exclusively ) france . 
  all french know that occitan and catalan are mostly spoken by non-french . 
  but , occitan and catalan are ( rarely , but still ) spoken in france . 
  hi , since you mention france , i suppose `` occitans and northern catalans '' refers to * people living in occitan and catalan geographic areas , no matter what your nationality is * . 
  it 's important because those regions are n't located on a single country . 
  which means you 'll have a different answer depending on people 's nationality . 
  i do n't know what it is outside of france , but being french means you have the french nationality . 
  and france has only one official language : french ( article 2 of our constitution ) . 
  other languages are considered to be regional languages and are only acknowledged because of ( or thanks to ) an european directive . 
  learning those languages is facultative in school . 
  and while i went to a school located in the occitan region , i never learned it . 
  almost nobody did actually . 
  iirc only 10 kids did it , mostly to get bonus points . 
  the only moment i hear occitan is when i use the subway in toulouse . 
  stations names are announced both in french and occitan . 
  ca n't tell about french catalans , i 've almost never been there . 
  i just do n't kow . 
  op asked for occitans and northern catalans . 
  he did n't specifically asked for spanish occitans , or french catalans . 
  so i guess anyone for those regions can answer the question . 
  op also cited perpignan and carcassonne , which are both in france . 
  that makes me think french people can answer this question . 
  of course , i 'm not saying that occitan and catalan are exclusively french regional language . 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/idioma_occitano ) , occitan ( as well as catalan ) is spoken in france , spain , andorra , italia and monaco . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** jolerigolo did n't say occitan or catalan were french idioms , he said they were spoken in some parts of france . 
  which is different . 
  in french , `` dialecte '' ( french word ) is n't pejorative . 
  that 's why `` dialect '' ( english word ) does n't seem to be pejorative for a french . 
   the one on your list i have experienced is trouble finding english-speaking staff yes , the fact is french usually suck at * speaking * english . 
  i emphasize speaking because while our schools do a decent job on the reading part ( ie : most french under 40 yo will understand simple sentences written in english ) , speaking on the other hand is really left aside . 
  it becomes a problem because if you 're used to hear english spoken with a french accent , this wo n't help you understand a native speaker . 
  the way i see it , it becomes a stereotype when foreigners say `` french do n't want to speak english because they 're so attached to their native language '' . 
  actually it 's just that they do n't understand english . 
  and when they do , they decide to speak english , but their french accent is so strong that english or americans think they 're using french words . 
  haha yeah !, 
  i forgot this one !, 
  in all seriousness , it 's probably because it 's the one that surprised me the most . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a woman with hairy pits . 
  the beret stereotype , for example , is really outdated ( my great-uncle wears a beret , and he 's 96 yo . 
  he does n't seem to know that we 're not in the 40 's anymore ) but i have met old people who were wearing one . 
  woman with unshaved pits , never .
