i did n't say it was bad , i said i would n't like to live in northern france . 
  it would n't kill me of course . 
  and for a good job opportunity , i might consider it . 
  i 'm french . 
  would hate to live in ~ ~ paris , paris region and northern france ~ ~ any french city above the fictional line between bordeaux and grenoble . 
  [ google maps here ] ( https://www.google.fr/maps/place/france/@45.8632264,-2.2846131,6z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0xd54a02933785731:0x6bfd3f96c747d9f7!8m2!3d46.227638!4d2.213749 ) . 
  some relatives of mine still live in spain . 
  cheese of course !, 
  or maybe red wine . 
  do you live in toulouse ? 
  if yes , which part ? 
   is there any discussion about this in politics ? 
  not really , progress has been made . 
  most cities encourage people to clean after their dogs in the streets . 
  and there is a spread of free public toilets in big cities . 
  so i guess mayors are trying to make their cities cleaner . 
  however there 's still a huge french habit consisting in pissing against a wall or between two cars rather than waiting for a public toilet to open ( drunk people tend to forget hygiene ) . 
  also we love to throw our papers and trashes on the floor , it 's too exhausting to keep it in hand 20 more meters to use a trash can / s, 
   this is a risky one why do you say that ? 
  there 's no reason to disagree . 
  rural france is usually clean ( because there are not enough people to trash it ) . 
  any big french city ( over than 100k inhabitants ) is filthy . 
  i live in toulouse : dirty af . 
  i 've been to montpellier , bordeaux , paris etc. 
  dirty too !, 
  some french like to pretend that it is n't this dirty , and that it used to be even worse ... 
  i say they should go check other countries !, 
  i just came back from lisboa , and despite all the tourists and partying during these * festas dos santos populares * everything was clean . 
  i was a lot more weirded out by your meal portions . 
  who can eat that much ? 
  no , as others have said a lot of countries outside of europe were involved . 
  also civil war implies that one part of the citizens do n't recognize their government . 
  it was n't the case here , there were n't fight between people who had the same nationalities ( with the exception of resistants ) . 
  i 'm going with two other people that i know well . 
  we booked the plane tickets and hotels . 
  i also bought tickets for a motorbike race , and i 'm gon na plan one day for mt fuji ascent . 
  aside from that , i asked people i know ( who have been to japan obviously ) for advices on how to behave and what to do there . 
  no guide , i do n't like too much planning . 
  we will probably hang out , visit some museum/monuments , taste their foods etc. 
  1 ) law in college , economics in high school 2 ) never been to japan ( nor asia ) before . 
  yes i am !, 
   is it too early to ask ? 
  not in my case  is your summer holiday coming up soon ? 
  yes , it 's kinda already here  do you usually take a summer holiday ? 
  yes , i 'm a teacher , so i have more or less the same holidays as kids  what do you usually do ? 
  it depends on my financial situation . 
  i like to go see my family , go biking , that kind of stuffs . 
   where do you usually go ? 
  usually i stay in france during summer . 
   what are your vacation/holidays plans ? 
  from tomorrow to monday , i 'm going to lisboa for a friend 's bachelor party . 
  in july i 'm going to japan ( tokyo and kyoto to be more precise ) . 
  i 'm not itsacaragor but i 'm also a young and `` educated '' ( meaning i have a degree ) french citizen . 
   would you , as a young and educated french citizen , say that this is true and that globalization does in fact take more jobs away from france ( probably mostly in production ) than it creates ( in infrastructure and services ) ? 
  imo , the question is n't wether or not globalization takes more jobs than it creates . 
  you ca n't reduce the problem to `` 1000 jobs created ( raw ) minus 500 jobs taken away equals 500 ( net ) jobs created by globalization '' . 
  the reason is simple : people who work in taken away jobs usually ca n't find work in infrastructures and services . 
  so even ** if ** globalization created more jobs than it destructed , it would n't matter . 
  what matters is the ability for a laid-off employee to find another job . 
  now , * personnally * , i think this problem ( massive unemployment rate for people without diplomas ) has more to do with the french system than globalization . 
  first of , it 's not ( only ) globalization that destroys production jobs . 
  it 's the factories trying to make more profits . 
  to achieve this goal they have to spend less . 
  outsourcing in other countries is just a way to achieve that . 
  but if outsourcing was n't legal/possible , thay would use machines instead of workers . 
  they would n't employ that much people . 
  right now factories outsource because it 's cheaper than machines . 
  but machines woul be cheaper than domestic workforce . 
  recently , our economy is based on services ( tourisme being very important ) . 
  which means you have to be adaptative . 
  french education is n't really adaptative ( source : i work in high schools and college ) . 
  also , job training during careers and retraining are still a rarity in france . 
  politicians did n't adapt training to the jobs market changes . 
  you might also note that it 's not easy to train a 30 or 40yo who started working at 16 or 18 , with very few inital training . 
  so basically , the problem is n't globalization or what it has done . 
  it 's the fact that people in shitty economic situation want that situation to change . 
  it 's easier to accept the fn ideas ( `` shoo shoo go away globalization , and we will be fine '' ) on economics than accepting you probably wo n't be doing the same job for 40 years like your parents did . 
  same thing goes for the fact that if you do n't have diplomas you 're 5 times more likely to be unemployed if you 're young . 
  also if you work in service , you can sometimes adapt and work freelance , that 's not possible if you 're a production worker etc. 
  there are a lot of explanations for what destroys production jobs in economically developped countries . 
  none of them seems perfect , and very few solution appear . 
  i think that 's why desperate people prefer to believe what the fn says , it 's dumb but it 's hope . 
  and they need hope more than great theories about economics . 
  neighbor is n't done on purpose . 
  if i had double checked , i 'd have written * neighbour * as for pearl harbour , i figure ( do n't know if it 's true ) , that * harbour * is the old spelling , and * harbor * the recent one . 
  since in my mind * pearl harbour * is rather old ( more than 76 years at least ) , i used the `` old '' spelling . 
  but following your message i checked , and the place * pearl harbor * is spelt like this . 
  so yeah , two mistakes for the price of one , 
  german do n't like to go on strike and are n't rude enough to be french / s also there 's this stuff about our contry looking hexagonal . 
  we ca n't change the border unless we keep the hexagonal shape . 
  even from the winner 's point of view , war is a bad thing . 
  the winner 's side also has casualties . 
  history programs give casualties ' numbers ( or at least they gave them when i was in school ) . 
  from what i recall , and after asking a history teacher who work in the same high school as me , here 's some ideas : - first of , war means people directly killed in combats ( obviously ) ; - then you have the wounded and missing persons . 
  for the wounded , ww1 usually gives the `` best '' exemple , with the [ gueules cass\u00e9es ] ( https://www.google.fr/search?q=gueules+cass%c3%a9es&amp;safe=strict&amp;client=firefox-b&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewixvdgzqrpuahxdpxokhc1lbcqq_auicigb&amp;biw=1339&amp;bih=794 ) ( literrally : broken faces ) ; of course the same thing happened for german soldiers . 
  famous german painter otto dix made * die skatspieler * about it . 
  - there 's also the problem of population displacement . 
  when there 's war and bombings just near your house , life stops . 
  there 's no school , no outside games , etc. 
  usually we see pictures of french people trying to escape the german troops in 1940 .
