  ** tl ; dr : i do n't care about not having the right to take a pt whenever i want . 
  and while french ca n't take pt just `` to be sure '' , a judge can order you to take one if you 're denying being the father . 
  so , this law does n't allow any woman to get cs from any random guy **, 
   less succesful than his nephew napol\u00e9on 1er if i 'm not mistaking , napol\u00e9on iii is napol\u00e9on ist nephew . 
  so he would be less succesful than his * uncle * napol\u00e9on 1er, 
  i read often on reddit that a vast majority of french people smoke . 
  all french do n't smoke . 
  only 32 % of french over 18 smoke . 
  smoking in closed public places is now forbidden . 
  i only spent 3 days in ireland ( dublin ) , and the only disturbing thing was the fact that cars come from the other way , which i was prompt to forget early in the morning and late at night . 
  people where really nice and welcoming , beer and food are good . 
  however i did n't expect high taxes on any beverage stronger than beer !, 
  imo whisky should be more affordable in a town that has the jameson museum . 
  i 'm not advocating alcoholism , and i understand that irish government may have its reasons to do so , but i found that very surprising . 
  yeah , i think most people know * la marseillaise * , and probably some verses too . 
  it 's easier to remember if you watch sport often . 
  why would it be ? 
  i think he does n't understand that left-wing people are usually against sanctionning a whole country because some of them ( arguably least than 40 % of voters , which would be least than 30 % of us residents ) voted for a guy , as crazy as he might be . 
  since we 're 65 millions , i ca n't speak for all french . 
  but i do n't think ( and i do n't know anyone who thinks ) that swiss are crazy and emotionnaly unstable . 
  on the contrary , they 're seen as relaxed but serious people . 
  generalizations are usually false . 
  and i do n't see how an entire population of crazy and emotionally unstable people could manage to keep their country afloat when their neighbours are france , italy and germany ( i 'm thinking 1914-1918 and 1939-1945 ) . 
  when we speak about switzerland , and swiss people , the things that come to mind are : - neutral , they do n't want to be involved in our shit and do n't want us to tell them what to do . 
  it 's something that i have a strong respect for . 
  - swiss alps , you 're supposedly very good at skiing . 
  - cheese . 
  just look at * asterix chez les helv\u00e8tes * front page . 
  - chocolate , branding chocolate as swiss makes it look better . 
  like most people , i love toblerone ( and i 'm pretty sure it 's swiss ) . 
  - swiss knives , at least something useful and efficient that has not been invented by the germans !, 
  this is self explanatory . 
  - i heard that the fine 's cost are adapted to people wealth . 
  a rich guy will pay more than a poor for the same offense ( i think it was for driving offense ) . 
  - your banks are full of gold and our politicians money . 
  - francophone swiss accent is close to french but with long vowels and silent * e * at the end ( unlike southern french accent ) . 
  example : `` en suiss , on paarl cooooomm \u00e7aaaa '' . 
   france - `` sophistication '' : take the trashiest french citizen and line him up with his english or american counterpart , and they 'll look like high-class royalty every time . 
  as a french i strongly disagree with that . 
  we 're as much trashy as any other country . 
  we 're even trashier , since we 're better at everything / s to answer your question : - germany : `` efficiency '' - switzerland : `` discretion '', 
  some people in my family are actively trying to emigrate to canada , so i 've thought about it . 
  i 've never been there , so my opinion is n't very precise . 
  if i had to make a rating of all countries depending on where i would like to go if france did n't exist , i think canada would be in the top10 , maybe top5 . 
  marple syrup is ~ ~ ok ~ ~ * great * ( trying to fit in ) , i think i might get used to cold weather and hockey , and apparently people are open-minded . 
  depends on what your native language is . 
  the sounds that * r * and * u * make in french do n't exist in english , but they do in german for instance . 
  as a result , it 's very hard for an english speaker to get it since they 've never pronounced these sounds before . 
  the opposite is true for french who try to speak english . 
  we have a lot of issues pronouncing * th * ( we say * z * ) , and some other sounds . 
  there are many reasons for someone to ( try to ) learn french . 
  in any case , i think it 's great , because learning another language is always something positive . 
  my advices : - focus on pronunciation . 
  it 's not that i do n't like foreign accents , it 's just that if you do n't respect silent letters , and say * r * and * u * correctly , french people wo n't understand . 
  just like you would n't understand if i said this with the typical french accent . 
  - unless you 're learning to get a degree in french . 
  do n't pay to much attention to gender and articles . 
  people will understand what you 're saying . 
  - if you 're asking yourself how french manage to speak and write french correctly , just know that 50 % of us ca n't ( source : i teach in high school and college ) . 
  apparently , the * code p\u00e9nal * forbids outrages against our national anthem and our flag . 
  if one of these things is done during an authorised demonstration , it can lead to a 7500 euros fine , and 6 month in jail . 
  however , i 've never heard of someone prosecuted for this . 
  it 's also important to note that it 's very rare for a judge to give someone the maximum sentence . 
  for all i know , during footbal ( soccer ) games , french anthem is regularly booed and the french flag is sometimes burned , nobody really cares . 
  i have a hard time picturing a decently brained redditor hating the us for trump . 
  you can think what you want of trump , but for all we know , he has been elected . 
  hating people for voting trump is hating them for not thinking the same as you . 
  you do n't have to like them , but there 's a huge gap between liking someone and wanting to destroy him/her . 
  you 're basically asking us if we think that the decision of some should result in the extinction of all . 
  you 're either a troll or a more troubled guy than the one you 're criticizing . 
  to summerize , you would be viewed as an intolerant moron . 
  i 'm not italian , but i can say that they have a weird similarity . 
  they both seem to use cheap paint ( eventhough they 're rich ) to make themselves look tanned . 
  i find this very disturbing . 
  also , french medias hate them both . 
   wise old mage juppe yeah , i have no problem with you liking jupp\u00e9 , but i do n't think he deserves the adjective `` wise '' . 
  first , he has been convicted of fraud ( fictionals jobs ) . 
  also , he might have changed and made amends , but he sees the situation in terms of economy and figures . 
  i 'm not sure he understands what france needs , at least not to the point of being called wise . 
  however , it 's true that compared to other right wing candidates , he seems like a good choice ( or not as bad ) . 
  why this obsession ? 
  i once met a guy in a bar ( in france , i 'm french ) . 
  he was only speaking english and said he was canadian . 
  being bluntly honest when i 'm half-drunk , i told him his accent seemed very american to me . 
  he admitted he was from the us but feared that french would give him shit for that . 
  i told him it was very unlikely . 
  it was actually a good thing that i knew he was from the us , because i ( and so are most europeans imo ) know a lot more about the us ( while not being an expert , obviously ) than canada . 
  i 'm pretty sure the pros ( good way to start a conversation , almost everyone loves an american movie , tv show ... ) would overshadow the cons ( getting jokes about the us ) . 
  imo , if people hated you because of your nationalty , that would mean they hate you because of something you ca n't change . 
  hating someone for where he was born is very close to racism . 
  usually it 's not a great loss to not talk to a racist . 
  however , french will be french . 
  if you do n't engage a conversation with `` bonjour '' , most people will find you rude and be rude in return . 
  also , a lot of french do n't speak english fluently ( it 's very different from french and the accent is super tricky ) , so they may appear very cold due to them not understanding you . 
  ** tl ; dr : do n't pretend to be canadian , 99 % of people wo n't bother what your nationalty is **, 
  the * charte de l'environnement * is part of the * bloc de constitutionnalit\u00e9 * , it 's not part of the constitution . 
  i know that sometimes * constitution * is used as a synonym for * bloc de constitutionnalit\u00e9 * , but the two are different . 
  the constitution refers to the text edicted on october 4th 1958 , the * bloc de constitutionnalit\u00e9 * includes all rules that have to be respected by laws and other legal texts . 
  that 's true . 
  and depending on people 's tastes , it might not even be the greatest .
