  it was just some reggie shit but i had almost an o. 
  exactly : you have no motivation because you 've been smoking too much . 
  put down the piece and try something different . 
  let 's do it together . 
  this guy is a troll . 
  / r/againstmarijuana is a joke subreddit . 
  just stop , brah . 
  you can become an ordained minister and legally perform weddings . 
  but seriously , while the dura-ace 9000 influence is clear , i ca n't help but feel that this is an unwelcome departure from the classic campagnolo design scheme . 
  the front mech and levers look nice , but the rear mech and crankset are fairly unappealing . 
  i beg to differ ; while the lever action is n't as clean as sram or shimano , the quality of campagnolo is really impressive . 
  `` so technically , in australia , you 're safer fucking a prostitute than picking up a girl at a bar '', 
  - jim jefferies, 
  you made the right move . 
  bmcs are excellent . 
  i have this asshole neighbor who i 'm pretty sure steals from everyone on the block . 
  tools , planters , hoses , hubcaps , and a bunch of other things constantly go missing . 
  he also likes to `` borrow '' things from people and then never gives them back . 
  anyway , a few days ago i was out doing some hard work when this schmuck pops his head over the fence . 
  this guy is so brazen that he calls over to me and says `` hey man , i need to borrow some money . 
  i 'm like `` wtf dude , why would i lend you money ? '', 
  he says , `` oh come on man , i only need about tree fiddy . '', 
  it was at this moment that i realized that my neighbor is actually a 300-foot-talk monster from the paleolithic era . 
  i told him `` you goddamn loch ness monster , i ai n't givin you no tree fiddy ! '', 
  such is life in my neighborhood . 
  light wallet saves weight . 
  it 's a game of grams . 
   not afraid of a a plane . 
   afraid of a cat . 
  bird logic . 
   i hard core brogre, 
  dead . 
  should buy a tarmac . 
  i honestly do n't understand what you 're trying to say . 
  also , [ here you go ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=miscreant ) . 
  that 's fucking brilliant . 
  upload an image , set the privacy to `` only me '', 
  between 29th and thomas jefferson, 
  it is n't . 
  it 's more about the simple satisfaction of seeing karma in action , not necessarily about feeling warm and fuzzy . 
  maybe it 's not for everyone , and i certainly think this subreddit is more of a feel-good place . 
  rip in peace, 
  i mean it is n't feel good . 
  i know this is off-topic as fuck , but where is the gif from ? 
  this has always been my favorite, 
  x-post to / r/gaming tomorrow morning . 
  ... smoking the reefer . 
  * shadnesh, 
  yeah , you are freakin out ... 
  man . 
  imagine if it were though . 
  dat ride quality . 
  this is a client side issue . 
  update or change your browser . 
  hehehe i 'm also a dude, 
  m ` lady . 
  fletcher 's boathouse ? 
  this is why people think there will be neckbeards . 
  plates ? 
  no doubt . 
  / r/unexpected, 
  th-that 's b-b-bullshit . 
  this also might not be a spider . 
  the large front legs may actually be pincers . 
  white markings on abdomen . 
  himself, 
  ca n't dodge the rodge, 
  the bends comes from breathing compressed air and having the bubbles expand in your bloodstream . 
  but if you have n't breathed at bottom of the sea , you 're good . 
  hint : to get the proper experience , sort by controversial . 
  why did you post this here ? 
  `` that husband of yours , i hope , will always treat you well , because otherwise my specter shall come at him , like black smoke , like a demented giant , and pull him apart nerve by nerve . 
  and do not pity c.q. 
  one had to choose between him and h.h. , and one wanted h.h. 
  to live at least a couple of months longer , so as to have him make you live in the minds of later generations . 
  i am thinking of aurochs and angels , the secret of durable pigments , prophetic sonnets , the refuge of art . 
  and this is the only immortality you and i may share , my lolita . '', 
  that was my guess, 
  sherman . 
  it 's the name of a tank , so you both win . 
  not since the accident, 
  is that an asymmetric chainring ? 
  how does that work ? 
  i could n't deal with that . 
  op is going big . 
  i like it . 
  i love how bad this is . 
  team sky is on di2, 
  i hope your parents come down to the basement and take away your thesaurus . 
  i do n't even understand . 
  how does neuroscience figure into this ? 
  jesus christ , how do you concoct this inane fuckery ? 
  exactly, 
  op has extra chromosomes and extra commas, 
  that cat looks so bewildered, 
  it 's old dura-ace 7800 , which has n't been top of the line in years . 
  not to be a dick , just pointing stuff out . 
  i never said it was di2 , did i ? 
  can you remind me when we found about about his history with the guy in college ? 
  they hatin,
