  here 's your answer . 
  yeah , it 's a torn pec . 
  yeah ... nope . 
  is that a beer bottle cap ? 
  oh ... guess i 'm going to hell then . 
  alternatively , smoke weed to come down toward the end of a vyvanse high without the withdrawal effects . 
  oh my god hahahaha `` safety car '', 
  at work we always take those off because they look awful , opting just to adjust the limit screws properly . 
  we call them dork discs . 
  tarmac pro sl4 with sram force . 
  it 's light . 
  vomit on spaghetti already , mom 's spaghetti . 
  he 's nervous , but on the surface he looks calm spaghetti to drop bombs , but he keeps on spaghetti . 
  what a coincidence , i am too . 
  call of duty edition jeep wrangler . 
  oh god . 
  reducing speed would do nothing but increase travel time and cause delays . 
  steel on steel is an incredibly ineffective braking surface and it takes a huge distance to stop a train . 
  it does n't really matter how quickly the train is moving because you ca n't stop it in time anyway . 
  people find a way with broken arms too . 
  thanks for the advice , i suspected as much . 
  i 'm probably going to go for the specialized enduro with a 1x10 . 
  can confirm , i have made that mistake and literally refuse to pick up a hammer . 
  i 'm a mechanic at a specialized / bmc / indyfab dealership , so i 'm choosing between specialized enduro and bmc fs02 . 
  i 've never been a fan of trek but maybe i 'm just weird like that . 
  my rm01 looks lonely and needs a friend . 
  we do n't sell them , so i ca n't get a discount :(, 
  the bmc urban challenge uc01 has a continuously variable transmission , which means that it has an internally geared hub with an infinite number of gear ratios . 
  you should try a bike . 
  i would recommend the specialized allez comp ( $ 1350 ) or allez race m2 ( unsure of the price ) . 
  105 or tiagra groupset and dt swiss axis 2.0 wheelset . 
  the allez has the same geometry as the carbon tarmac , which is considered one of the best-handling best-climbing bikes on the market . 
  i met ssg spraktes at a recent military event . 
  he and i talked for quite a while and he gave me a signed copy of his book ( it 's called selfish prayer and you should read it ) . 
  he 's a really nice guy . 
  [ and then there 's this . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aef6yti.png ) that 's a bmc tmr01 , which will set you back around $ 7000 . 
  zipp 808 wheels are another $ 2500 or so . 
  mechanic here . 
  i walked into the shop and asked if they were hiring . 
  had no previous experience in the industry so they gave me a bike in a box and had me build it up . 
  i did it well and they told me to come back the next day for work . 
  or maybe #baldforbieber, 
  maybe op has figured out his/her preferred configuration . 
  flipped stems are n't for everyone . 
  stop telling people to sacrifice their healthy posture for aesthetics . 
  give them to the homeless, 
  a man is complaining to a friend about some problems with his dog :, 
  - `` i 'm really frustrated by my dog . 
  he 'll chase anyone on a bicycle . '', 
  - `` what are you going to do ? 
  leave him inside all the time ? '', 
  the owner replies : `` no , i think i 'll just confiscate his bicycle '', 
  i 've heard virgin airways does bikes for cheap / free, 
  there is no right answer to this debate . 
  everyone has their preference . 
  i got confused by the title because race machine is an actual road bike ( made by bmc ) . 
  for a second i thought someone else had the same bike as me !, 
  nice ride though . 
  haha no problem at all , it was just confusing . 
  bmc ? 
  they make the track machine ... 
  i think the 2 % part is bullshit , but i had a lot of fun solving it . 
  good point . 
  bmcs are not cheap . 
  source : bmc owner, 
  / r/outside, 
  m. night shyamalan, 
  `` sometimes i have twenty to thirty people on my dick at the same time '', 
  fucking lost it . 
  check out those deck-als . 
  i 've heard good things about 25c-nbome for good visuals without the introspection and headspace . 
  some add medications are dextroamphetamine . 
  extended release vyvanse is lisdextroamphetamine , which is just a variant of it that breaks down slowly . 
  start with 30 or 40 mg ( medically recommended dose ) to see what happens . 
  edit : facts, 
  that 's a really good way of putting it . 
  buy a third hand cable puller . 
  thank me later . 
   no photographs were ever taken of the moon until the 1850 's . 
  this probably has to do with the fact that chemical photography was invented in the 1830s , and cameras were sufficiently rare that nobody bothered to point one at the fucking moon for a while . 
  / r/tumblrinaction, 
  thanks , quagmire . 
  i feel similarly . 
  i 'm a pacifist with a total ww2 boner . 
  i read stories of battles and pore over the technical details of ships , aircraft and guns . 
  it 's incredible how much time , effort and ingenuity we put into killing each other , and how fascinating it all is . 
  that 's reasonable . 
  if you feel that weed makes you sluggish or temporarily unmotivated , then by all means put your work first and smoke later . 
  that 's how i feel . 
  incredible acceleration . 
  smoother over minor bumps . 
  noticeably stiffer frame and fork . 
  really light . 
  livelier handling and faster braking . 
  plus smooth and effortless shifting every time . 
  try out a selle smp . 
  super expensive but one of the best saddles on the market . 
  if you can get over the price , it 's a great buy . 
  precisely how much informational discussion do you think people can have about bicycles ?
