  there was no specific shop involved . 
  i do n't own a cervelo . 
  but i have heard stories from multiple sources that cervelo 's warranties are unreliable . 
  and the cracking bb shells ? 
  you have n't denied that . 
  goats , mostly . 
  what . 
  i work at the shop and occasionally mention it ( anonymously ) on reddit , so i do n't want to give the name . 
  but all specialized dealerships should have the same type of deal . 
  what alternative do you suggest ? 
  i 'm thinking you 're right . 
  i just have a soft spot for bmc because i own one . 
  any idea of the enduro 's weight ? 
  so probably about 28 for the non s-works carbon model . 
  that sounds pretty nice . 
  thanks , 
  i know a bike mechanic with a dog named spokes . 
  on a tangentially related note , how do you like the te01 ? 
  i 'm looking at a tf02 and i was also wondering if you 've tried one out . 
  plus you have to turn the downtube shifter bosses into cable stops with barrel adjusters . 
  and that 's going to be a bit of work . 
  i 'm looking at the 29er . 
  i need something that can ascend but also has 150ish mm of travel for descents . 
  i prefer 29ers for their ability to roll over anything . 
  whatttt . 
  i honestly did n't know that was a common replacement to make . 
  the more you know, 
  the l street bike lane has a long stretch protected by white posts ... except for the part where cars have to merge * into * it to turn left . 
  as in , there 's a gap in the posts where the cars drive in . 
  yeah , dc is n't as bike-friendly as it seems , and all the taxi drivers are nazis . 
  `` mankind has conquered mars . 
  now it is time to venture even further . 
  there 's a beautiful gif of a bicyclist almost getting hit by a u-turning cabbie , and then a police car appears out of nowhere and serves justice . 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  funny how it starts on baby blue , just the opposite of the series , which ends on that song . 
  i 'm a big fan of rocket scientist , the song that plays when jesse blows walt 's rv money on strippers and alcohol . 
  do you ever feel like you 're talking to a tree ? 
  hey , that 's my fluorescent `` swag '' tanktop too . 
  ahhh , you mean * inertia-ups * :, 
  you 're goddamn right . 
  you can log in any time you want , but you can never leave . 
  yeah bitch !!!, 
  science !!!!, 
  s-works enduro 29 . 
  sram xx1 1x11 shift set with shimano xtr brakes . 
  roval control rims laced to chris king hubs . 
  dropper post and remotely adjustable fork lockout . 
  there . 
  nah , this is a buddy of mine . 
  this was last week and he 's already riding again . 
  who the fuck knows, 
  that 's true . 
  i just meant that i ca n't fathom what was going on . 
  i know this will be buried , but here goes :, 
  1 ) in mainstream television and cinema , the good guys almost always win . 
  so many stories are based on the exact same formula . 
  sometimes it 's nice to take a break from clich\u00e9 and wallow in debauchery instead . 
  2 ) it 's cathartic . 
  it provides a way for us to live vicariously through a fictional character . 
  the adrenaline rush from watching somebody do something bad is exciting and liberating . 
  it 's the same reason we play gory video games or foster violent fantasies . 
  even if we never plan on carrying out anything evil , it 's satisfying to see it play out in a fictional setting . 
  if i 'm taking some big drops , i 'm not shattering my carbon rims . 
  enves on a sworks epic world cup edition though . 
  but how do i power it ? 
  is there a control box that i need to buy ? 
  i can math it , thanks . 
  i just wanted some ideas . 
  i just need to use v = ir and set up a proportion using the area of the cross section of the wire . 
  this is not justiceporn -- while it is satisfying to see the legal system in action , this could just as well go on r/worldnews . 
  / r/adviceanimals, 
  ah shit , i was just about to guy buy an elephant tusk . 
  thank you for stopping me . 
  there is literally no way to know how many chameleons are in your room right now . 
  you take dogecoin ? 
  / u / _ vargas _ makes your day , but / u/definitlynotarapist makes your hole weak . 
  good choice !, 
  next step , clipless pedals . 
  you mean ... a pocket radio ? 
  like the ones available at radioshack ? 
   the stem needs to attach from underneath the steer tube, 
  what ? 
  please elaborate on this one . 
  ah , i see what you were saying . 
  i was thinking about it in terms of traditional bikes . 
  leaving this here for your consideration ( from / r/4chan ) http://i.imgur.com/qyhjk.png, 
  yeah , i have a nice leather riveted saddle that i 'll put on . 
  honestly , i have a few nice bikes , and i 'd only be buying this for the bling factor . 
  good point , although i may be able to find a bb adapter . 
  i 'm okay with campagnolo , since it would suit the brand . 
  ahhhh ... you get it ? 
  ahhhh ? 
  guys ? 
  no more than juan tablespoon, 
  yeah , i 'm thinking about a custom wabi special now . 
  the hottest girl i know drives a jetta . 
  this is a strange phenomenon indeed . 
  yes . 
  very good . 
  full suspension , carbon , xt ... this is an excellent bike .
