  it 's a totally legit mflb , with pamphlet and all . 
  it says free shipping for me :(, 
  that 's a girl, 
  still better than ray william johnson, 
  it 's grammatically convoluted . 
  and also you did n't capitalize felina and walt . 
  but thanks for sharing the video , sorry for getting on your case , 
  call albuquerque vaccuum repairs and order a new dust filter for a hoover max extract model 60 . 
  check the b screw . 
  make sure you are n't cross chaining . 
  and also check your front derailleur adjustment and cable tension . 
  most likely the upper limit is off . 
  i think you may have thrown off the front limit . 
  totally disconnect the cable from the front mech . 
  put the rear in the lowest gear , aka largest sprocket . 
  put the front on the smaller chainring and adjust the limit to where the mech cage is as close to the chain as possible without rubbing . 
  connect the cable and shift to the large chainring , and to the smallest cassette gear . 
  adjust the upper limit to where the chain is close to the mech cage as possible , but not rubbing . 
  then , adjust the cable tension to where it shifts smoothly . 
  the more you know, 
  are you riding with a guy named ben ? 
  yes . 
  that is an old-ass dura-ace gruppo , so it is likely this bike was not bought as a complete . 
  those wheels are as fake as a stripper 's boobs . 
  there is no tild\u00e9 in pinarello . 
  bmc buddies, 
  ohhhhhhh . 
  well then definitely mess with the lower limit on the rear and report back if you manage to unfuck it . 
  otherwise , i can probably give you more suggestions . 
  aww man . 
  i have a friend named ben who is riding the appalachian trail in a group right now . 
  risky click of the day . 
  this is porn to me . 
  it might be because i 'm really high , but that just left me with the strangest feeling of insignificance and emptiness . 
  it just struck me that one day , when the sun goes out and our solar system becomes a cold dark void , the particles that composed my body , and everything i 've ever seen , and everywhere i 've ever been , and everyone i 've ever know , will be floating around in the infinity of space . 
  in the grand scheme of things , we are absolutely nothing . 
  that 's incredible, 
  any reason you switched the brake levers around ? 
  this is so not funny . 
  people hate the mflb ? 
  i love that shit . 
  toke on , my friends . 
  not at all though . 
  there 's an indicator light that shows whether it 's on . 
  you can feel the heat on your tongue too . 
  it 's so simple and it fits in your pocket . 
  i love mine . 
  classic germans finding numbers to be so funny . 
  mflb - magic flight launch box . 
  it 's a small vaporizer in a wooden box . 
  it 's fucking amazing . 
  this post sucks . 
  why are you complaining ? 
  sounds like a formula 1 car, 
  dumb . 
  there 's no reason that reddit would change during the summer . 
  there is nobody who only uses reddit during the summer , therefore the content is n't any different . 
  not new . 
  been here for two years . 
  i never saw any changes . 
  plus , if you think the quality decreases , just stay off / r/funny, 
  all my friends are on reddit in school . 
  have you considered ... 
  * wait , this is going to blow your mind *, 
  that i have had other accounts ? 
  shiiiit op , i 'm imagining you falling off and having little glass shards go through your face, 
  even weed ca n't save you from severe facial lacerations . 
  yeah but that s-works shiv tt though . 
  * more commonly called sodium thiopental . 
  pentothal is the company 's trademarked name . 
  you know me ? 
  critical mass dc ? 
  mflb, 
  let me pop a jaunty little bonnet on your purview and ram it up the shitter with a lubricated horse cock !, 
  i heard that they 're planning a 105 di2 . 
  any news on that ? 
  it came out for 2013 as far as i know . 
  i think 105 di2 will be around in 2015 , along with xtr di2 . 
  geraffes are dumb . 
  stupid long horses . 
  that 's the most complicated suspension linkage i 've ever seen . 
  . _ o o, 
  when it gets so short you ca n't hold it , but still want to smoke the last bit . 
  holy shit , i 'm 6 ' 2 '' 145 and i know the feeling . 
  i eat 3000 a day and have n't gained weight in months . 
  stay strong , bro . 
  one day we 'll both be swole . 
  recommend serving with 1 packet of stevia . 
  i ca n't eat a lot in one sitting , and packing myself full of 5000 cal would make me throw up . 
  i need to eat a ton if of snacks , which i ca n't do because i 'm in school . 
  `` rom jeremy makes it easy '', 
  please excuse my ignorance , but is this footage genuine ? 
  or is this some fictitious account \u00e0 la ghost hunters ? 
  it 's a joke that plays on the mindset that fixed gear riders are somehow bad / rude / morally bankrupt . 
  nope . 
  source : had quando hubs . 
  i love jackson hole !, 
  you win . 
  team machine slr01 . 
  it 's designed to work with either di2 or mechanical , so the routing is perfect .
