  they sent us the same thing . 
  i do n't know why they stoke the flames of paranoia . 
  yeah we are n't really laughing about it over here, 
  yes . 
  source : i pay myself millions of dollars every day . 
  do you live next to my philosophy professor ? 
  exactly . 
  they did their job perfectly . 
  it was just a badly executed stunt . 
  oh shit what 's up dudes . 
  dc fixie fam for life . 
  ( styles to the styles ), 
  or thermal countermeasures in bureaucrat speak, 
  or they could be a public defender and earn 30k a year selflessly fighting for justice and giving the poor a fighting chance in a twisted classist legal system . 
  but you know , fuck lawyers . 
  it sounds like you 're implying that public defenders are law firm rejects . 
  that 's unequivocally false , and to claim that they 're in it for the money or that they do n't care about their clients shows that you do n't understand the field . 
  i would advise you to watch a film called gideon 's army to get a better sense of what public defense is really like . 
  and the hashtags on the right . 
  \\ #bravoonomekoovouprati = congrats to anybody who catches this, 
  \\ #legendasimajkemi = you 're a fucking legend, 
  what the fuck, 
  fuck up some commas, 
  one of my favorite smoke spots . 
  if you ever get the chance , go up to the monument base and lay down on the ground with your feet against the monument . 
  it looks like you 're standing on a white stone road disappearing into space , and you feel like you could walk towards the stars . 
  it 's one of the coolest things i 've ever experienced . 
  nope , friend of mine . 
  because the more time you spend pursuing women , the more money you have to spend . 
  theoretically , there exists a proportional relationship between the two . 
  why he always lion ? 
  upvoted for the clever title, 
  it 's the greatest thing . 
  also if you 're on acid . 
  is only game . 
  why you hef to be mad ? 
  any advice for a future public defender ? 
  currently in my freshman year of college hoping to be either a trial or death penalty appellate attorney . 
  thanks for everything you do . 
  i actually did that this past year and fell in love with it !, 
  smoke weed and drink water . 
  that 's really all you can do . 
  thanks !, 
  best of luck to you too . 
  the back of his shirt says '' ... offender '', 
  whaddup x, 
  that awkward moment when ... 
  i 'm wondering what sort of procedural changes you 'd like to see in congress when it comes to voting , amendments , committee workflow , etc. 
  also , have you considered running for any elected office ? 
  i just want to say all wash out is my favorite song in the world , and please come to philly this spring !, 
  of course . 
  that 's the point . 
  if you 're going to extend the bill of rights beyond what was envisioned at the time , you have to be willing to do it across the board . 
  i want gay married couples to be able to protect their marijuana plants with assault rifles . 
  fetty wap . 
  i got rejected from my dream school , took a gap year , applied again , and got in . 
  can you take a gap year ? 
  that 's because it 's a picture of the same thing ? 
  how about people experiment with gettin a job ? 
  yeah , a little . 
  but i would n't go down there once i had seen him . 
  i do n't believe so, 
  mash mash mash mash, 
  if it 's stupid and it works , it ai n't stupid !, 
  this is so dumb but i absolutely love it, 
  not sure if 1990 or yesterday, 
  not a chassis . 
  this is a monocoque . 
  france is bacon, 
  i 'm imagining you saying this like slippery stair . 
  `` twenty five shme-kels !! '', 
  source : am croatian, 
  i have no idea why people are telling you this is fine . 
  it 's bad and i 'm not surprised people do n't like it . 
  it 's because the layer of relatively cooler lava on top was broken , allowing the hotter percolating lava to come up . 
  this set off a chain reaction that broke more and more of the top layer , allowing more to bubble up . 
  fucking abu hajaar ca n't do anything right . 
  he 's like jerry from parks and rec . 
  his name is alex ebert , and yes he does like to improvise , hum , and omit lyrics just for the sake of being weird . 
  `` gomel '' - probably a reference to gomel , belarus . 
  that 's a hydrofoil , and they were [ commonly used in the soviet union ] ( http://www.messynessychic.com/2016/04/20/river-rockets-of-the-soviet-space-age/ ) . 
  `` kiev '', 
  `` city day of dnipropetrovsk '' - a holiday dedicated to celebrating the city , according to some google sleuthing, 
  hope this helps , 
  if you 're looking to ball on a budget , stay at the flying pig !, 
  make sure you go to the gray area coffee shop too , 
  most ssris take up to 6 weeks to take effect . 
  but this is n't a question for us - talk to your doctor !!!, 
  and do n't go cold turkey from ssris . 
  psychiatric drugs are not a game . 
  great point , thanks for the correction . 
  and yes , norepinephrine is used to regulate basic physiological arousal , the parasympathetic nervous system , and mood levels . 
  it 's so integral to your basic functioning that you need to be extremely careful with it . 
  where was this taken ? 
  no reason to use law of cosines if you regard the triangle formed by the legs and the floor as two right triangles . 
  even if you applied the law of cosines , if the height from the floor to the penis is c , the angle c is the angle between the leg and the floor . 
  i 'd think tweezers would be better . 
  probably pretty painful but no chance of cutting yourself in a very very bad place, 
  it appears to be an acura, 
  nothing can really prepare you for serbia,
