  we all know what will happen . 
  the administration will unleash their full fury on the pacific federation , assuming them to be responsible . 
  the resulting war will topple both governments . 
  mutually assured destruction . 
  hundreds of thousands will die , but those who survive will be free . 
  it is better to fight for survival in chaos than be secure in tyranny . 
  humanity was not created to sell liberty for a peaceful life . 
  nobody is above being sacrificed for the cause . 
  tomorrow the world will wake up and smell the ashes . 
  i was riding on a trail when a squirrel ran out of some bushes and right into my bike . 
  he did n't get all the way to my wheel , though . 
  i kicked him :(, 
  needs more logos . 
  except i think most people will agree that clandestine basement torture \u2260 justice . 
  i have a mountain biker friend who wears flannel and has a dog names spokes . 
  i need to show him this . 
  i would love to talk to them about the logistics . 
  it seems so complicated to carry clothing and supplies , as well as to get visas for each country . 
  sworn statements all refute meyer 's claims . 
  nobody but meyer says that he was swarmed by taliban , killed one with a rock . 
  everyone else says that meyer was not in that unarmored vehicle . 
  that 's why when the pres read swenson 's citation , he said will and * a marine * got into an unarmored ford ranger and went back into the kill zone . 
  he did n't say will and * dakota meyer , who also received the medal of honor * got into an unarmored ford ranger . 
  it 's because he knows that everyone refutes meyer 's story . 
  read up , motherfucker . 
  yeah , i 'm not denying that he deserved it . 
  sworn statements give him the medal , and i agree he earned it . 
  the marines did not have to embellish his narrative and he did not have to go along with it . 
  i 'm not trying to tarnish his reputation , i 'm explaining that he and the marines lied and fabricated a fake story . 
  moreover , these sources are all from mcclatchy because jonathan landay was * there * . 
  he saw what happened with his own eyes . 
  i know a lot more . 
  i can not tell you my connection to this case but it is a very close one . 
  as soon as further evidence is revealed , i will be able to discuss it . 
  stop blindly defending your fellow marine and understand that he is a liar . 
  also , he received an invitation to swenson 's ceremony . 
  he was not there , because he did not want to face all of the other people there . 
  people at the battle who know his narrative is untrue . 
  the medal of honor society automatically invites all living medal of honor recipients . 
  so there 's no way he can claim he was invited . 
  `` lost '', 
  packet was quietly killed because his narrative conflicted with meyer 's . 
  general david petraeus is currently under investigation for terminating swenson 's packet without permission . 
  the fact that mcclatchy is the only paper writing about the unreliability of meyer 's narrative does not mean that they are wrong . 
  people directly involved in the battle also discredit meyer in their sworn statements . 
  oh god , i did this when i was a kid . 
  i started saying something funny in my high-pitched voice and passed the fuck out mid-sentence . 
  tears are streaming down my face [ 6 ], 
  dengfu is correct . 
  it 's high-quality generic carbon frames . 
  cheap because there 's no branding . 
  this one is trying to be a pinarello dogma , but they also have venge-knockoff , tarmac-knockoff , and others . 
  i 'm thinking of getting the venge frame next year . 
  some people are wary , others swear by them . 
  i think the problem is that although they are good quality , you ca n't be 100 % sure that your particular frame will stand up to the rigors of riding , whereas name-brand manufacturers have state-of-the-art testing systems . 
  check out the dengfu fm098 . 
  for as long as i can remember , my mom told me how smart i was , how well i understood things , and that i did n't need to work as hard as other kids to succeed . 
  i internalized it and eventually stopped working hard because i thought i could do just as well without trying . 
  i spent years with no work ethic getting bs and cs , and it took me a long time to realize intelligence means nothing without a work ethic . 
  do n't tell your kids how smart they are . 
  complement their work ethic and reinforce hard work . 
  not really . 
  if your valves get damaged , they ca n't be pumped anymore . 
  might as well keep the caps on for protection . 
  your lbs may have them in different colors to match your hubs . 
  bike mechanic here !, 
  there are a couple reasons this could be happening :, 
  1 ) your tire is rubbing against your brake caliper . 
  if this is the case , get a narrower tire . 
  2 ) your brake track/rotor is rubbing against the brake pad . 
  adjust brake pads or true wheel/rotor if out of true, 
  3 ) your hub is too tight . 
  this requires a mechanic , so take it to a shop . 
  4 ) your freehub body is broken or otherwise warped/damaged . 
  see previous remedy, 
  living proof by bad meets evil, 
  fool , money ai n't got no owners . 
  only spenders . 
  sounds like he came and went at the same time . 
  oh my god , it emits sonic sound * too * ? 
  that 's the genius of it . 
  just like alex 's therapy made him unable to listen to beethoven 's 5th . 
  kubrick makes you averse to a song by associating it with violence . 
  every . 
  thread, 
  specialized venge with sram force groupset . 
  most of them come with dt swiss axis 4.0 wheelsets . 
  i 'm not as think as you drunk i am . 
  the allez is amazing . 
  it handles beautifully and weighs slightly more than the tarmac . 
  the only difference is that it does n't dampen vibration as well . 
  if you have the money , go for a higher end groupset ( ultegra , rival ) and upgrade the wheelset . 
  i had a marine corps general complement me on my eldridge knot and ask me where he could learn to tie it . 
  so there are exceptions . 
  does n't matter , got compliment . 
  the taxi driver to took a left turn in front of me at at a red light from the middle lane and almost killed me would be to differ . 
  exactly . 
  i just installed mine with 5/16ths steel lag bolts . 
  if you put it on with something a bit more hardcore than the screws they provide , you 're gon na have a great bike shelf . 
  my dad 's ripped out of the wall with the flimsy screws they gave him , and his bike is carbon .
