  you ... you too . 
  this will probably be buried , but [ here ] ( http://www.mcclatchydc.com/2014/03/04/220161/cia-monitoring-of-senate-computers.html ) is the original article from mcclatchy . 
  i happen to have a close connection to the lead journalist in this investigation . 
  is there any interest in an ama ? 
  fixie noob here , why the tape on the top tube ? 
  hahaha holy shit i know you irl, 
  uhhh , i do n't know what to say without giving too much away . 
  i hung out with you and dj tebbs in georgetown last year . 
  do the ones you linked to come with a warranty ? 
  ordereddddd, 
  carbon wheelset , you fucking plebeian . 
  smoke shrek every day . 
  new mexico . 
  specifically , albuquerque . 
  bitch . 
  i 'll start : / r/artisanvideos . 
  it 's mesmerizing and calming and informative at the same time . 
  i highly recommend paying a visit . 
  i 'll check it out . 
  is this dc ? 
  cause i think i know you , dog . 
  nice , i thought i recognized cr in that photo . 
  and those wheels are dope . 
  bikes do n't belong on the sidewalk . 
  more than $ 1 ? 
  i just got one for 75 from ebay . 
  new , warranty , three day shipping . 
  check it . 
  yes . 
  / r/foxes, 
  this . 
  synthetics such as spice can lead to neuromuscular damage . 
  smoke the real green . 
  truth by alexander, 
  integration by parts . 
  sounds like i found my new rap name, 
  very different than this . 
  this is the new sram hydro r. it 's a hydraulic brake system . 
  woooooo , a fellow sram fanatic, 
  this would be incompatible with your frame , most likely . 
  this is sram 's hydraulic brake system . 
  that groupset is probably five years old . 
  wheels are fake as hell . 
  thank you !, 
  now i understand . 
  probably by dragging the accused person into the street and executing them without a fair trial . 
  this happens all over the world , and it is not far-fetched or unrealistic at all . 
  people allow their emotions to govern their actions instead of sticking to procedure . 
  so we should allow murders to go unpunished ? 
  human nature is such that we act rashly and unpredictably . 
  you can never prevent violence . 
  why waive our right to punish wrongdoers ? 
  even with a progressive and human prison system like norway 's , you still have to do something to discourage crime and detain violent offenders to be reformed . 
  i 'm not saying that murderers should n't be helped . 
  by all means , if it is possible to humanely and compassionately reform someone , then it should be done . 
  but suggesting that people only commit murder because they 're oppressed ? 
  that 's really stretching the truth . 
  as far as i can tell , shunning people does n't provide an adequate deterrent for murder . 
  you ca n't just be forgiven for taking the life of another human by `` making amends '' . 
  under your system , murderers would get a slap on the wrist and then walk free ? 
  imagine that you are a murderer with the intention of killing three people . 
  never mind the motive . 
  there are three people who have wronged you , and you wish to kill them . 
  you kill the first , and you are discovered . 
  you are excommunicated from your community , but you are not punished or detained . 
  do you a ) come to some moral apotheosis , realize the error of your ways , and make amends , or b ) take advantage of your freedom and kill the other two . 
  let 's be realistic . 
  it 's always going to be b. 
  people have to be removed from society if they harm another human . 
  not permanently , but long enough that they change their behavior . 
  no , you 're clearly misunderstanding . 
  i am advocating the use of trials in a court of law where irrefutable evidence is required before punishment is carried out . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that we need to have some sort of justice system beyond giving people a slap on the wrist . 
  again , i believe that there are better prison systems than america 's . 
  norway has an excellent prison system . 
  but there must be some sort of disciplinary system . 
   so to put it short , governments do not deal with crimes anyway , so why have them ? 
  it somehow seems more reasonable to overhaul our legal system than to devolve our society into some sort of chaotic free-for-all . 
  and what do you mean governments do n't deal with crimes ? 
  that 's patently false . 
  you 're grossly oversimplifying this issue . 
  the evidence on which sentences are based . 
  i think this is simple . 
  match the number of gears on your cassette to the indexing on the shifter, 
  utterly idiotic . 
  buy a bike that you like and put lights on it . 
  do n't buy a shitty bike just because it 's shiny . 
  looks like mike from breaking bad, 
  okay , let 's make murder permissible then . 
  i have n't even started . 
  / r/tumblrinaction, 
  looks like you threw chalk at a blackboard . 
  you have good ideas . 
  just make sure you 're not cluttering them up . 
  ohm man , i bet it does . 
  10/10 video . 
  i just bought this . 
  three day shipping , full warranty , discreet packaging . 
  75 dollars and free shipping . 
  i love it .
