  u wot, 
  this . 
  i just bought a soma rush and i love it . 
  it 's amazing . 
  i ca n't recommend it highly enough . 
  the 1-inch threaded fork is no problem at all . 
  cane creek makes a 1-inch threaded headset . 
  i am putting a chris king headset on it tomorrow . 
  also , threaded fork means quill stem , 
  good point . 
  although the rush is threaded so it most headsets wo n't any good anyway . 
  alllll righty then, 
   3 million, 
   krospost, 
  genijalno, 
  that may require op to rebuild their rear wheel , unless it 's a mavic wheel . 
  feed him to the hungry rats for dinner ? 
  okay , captain beatty . 
  i am a bicycle mechanic . 
  i play around with bikes , make my own hours , and listen to the grateful dead while i work . 
  ama . 
  some teams use xtr cassettes for mountain stages . 
  yeah , you simply replace a wheel while the rider rides on it . 
  simple . 
  sram and shimano wheels are interchangeable , in a pinch . 
  however , campagnolo riders need different neutral support . 
  myers-briggs is the psychology equivalent of a buzzfeed quiz . 
  no , they 're always apologizing . 
  i believe it 's 420 , but i could be mistaken . 
  it 's 105 5700 , which was produced from around 2011ish to 2014 . 
  you went to the what, 
  or you could clamp by the seatpost like a normal person . 
  cool . 
  sorry , but that is false . 
  as a mechanic i can definitively tell you that both carbon seat posts and aero seat posts can be clamped . 
  a good quality stand ( not one that closes with a cam ) can be tightened in small increments to ensure that the seatpost is not cracked . 
  as for aero seatposts , a stand can accommodate even the most aero of tri seatposts . 
  i have never clamped a bike in any other way , nor has any other mechanic worth his salts . 
  how 's a georgetowner supposed to watch netflix ? 
  what 's his name ? 
  i. . . i actually would n't mind getting atlas shrugged in my mcdonald 's . 
  it puts the lotion on it 's skin !, 
  / r/objectivism, 
  awesome !, 
  i 've been a big fan of rand and her works for a while now , and your comment reminded me of the objectivist principle of rational self-interest . 
  i wish the sub were a little more active , though . 
  a tip of the \u0161e\u0161ir to you, 
  i do n't know what ungodly quantity of lsd you would have to take to see these types of visuals . 
  as an lsd user , i can tell you that this is very different than any normal trip . 
  edit : for everyone asking me what an lsd trip looks like , check out [ this gif ] ( http://imgur.com/j2wwm0r ) . 
  yep . 
  with some serious shaders and a couple of texture mods . 
  constantly consuming convenient culinary constituents to clinch countless carbohydrates . 
  my cows were asleep . 
  i 'd be straight up about it . 
  `` so ... did you just swipe right because you know me , or did you really mean it '' or something similar . 
  i actually avoid swiping right on friends , because it 's usually awkward . 
  if i ever did , it would be because i wanted to bang her , not as a joke . 
  i can always do that because my last name was created by a typo , so there are less than 50 people who share it , and my first name is pretty rare . 
  i think you accidentally spelling . 
  you just went full retard . 
  never go full retard . 
  the only smart comment in this thread, 
  either the bmc slr01 team machine or team sky 's pinarello dogma f8 . 
  105 5800 chainrings are proprietary shimano parts , which means you have to go to your lbs or the internet and order new 5800 chainrings in the size you want . 
  please do not listen to the people who are telling you to just match up the bcd and look online , or to use ultegra chainrings . 
  5800 hollowglide rings are specially shaped and attach differently than fsa , rotor , sram , etc. 
  and 5800 uses an asymmetric 4-arm design while most other manufacturers use 5-arm . 
  you need to use shimano chainrings . 
  and ultegra and dura-ace chainrings are different colors and materials than 105 , so you 'll end up with a mismatched crankset . 
  just look for 5800 chainrings . 
  that 's probably what comes standard . 
  absolutely . 
  if you 're only going to do one drug in your life , do shrooms . 
  / r/shrooms plug, 
  i work in a bike shop and i can tell you that that is very cheap compared to what most serious riders have . 
  try 32k hahaha, 
  not at all . 
  bikes can crack without falling apart . 
  [ bmc impec designed by lamborghini ] ( http://www.citylab.com/design/2013/03/introducing-32000-lamborghini-bicycle/4954/ ), 
  i love lamp, 
  usually it 'll be a hairline fracture instead of a clean break through the tube . 
  many times , a cracked bike can be ridden slowly back home . 
  as a mechanic , i see [ this ] ( http://i36.photobucket.com/albums/e49/c957/p1050999.jpg ) a lot :(, 
  i thought this was on / r/artisanvideos and thought to myself : '' / r/asmr would * love * this '', 
  as it turns out ... 
  ridiculous . 
  i ride a bike with no brakes and i still think this guy is a stupid cunt . 
  i do n't think so , they 're just not attention whores like jens , 
  \\  buy a di2 gf01, 
  \\  ca n't patch a tire, 
  op , you so silly . 
  thank `` you '', 
  that 's acute thing to say . 
  try the [ haka . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdmcav6yd0y ), 
  what ? 
  you mean this guy was n't floating in the sky above the city ? 
  the soldier was participating in combat in order to satisfy his own desire to contribute to a greater cause . 
  in a roundabout way , contributing to the collective can indeed be an act of rational self-interest , as long as contributing to the collective allows the individual to achieve satisfaction or self-actualization .
