  however , i do n't know why she would do that , as she is not being implicated in a crime . 
  if she refused to testify against op 's friend , she could be held in contempt , or if the government does n't care , the case could be dropped . 
  but i do n't see a reason why she would involve her fifth amendment privilege in this matter . 
  i love it too . 
  mfwtk if he can get gay married to his criminal accomplices to invoke spousal immunity in a potential trial . 
  then i 'd say she would probably testify against your friend , unless she decided for some reason not to . 
  now , if the tape were incriminatory , i would make sure it did n't ever see the light of day . 
  if the tape was n't obtained with a warrant , then it probably could be excluded . 
  the tape was n't obtained by law enforcement so it would n't constitute warrantless surveillance . 
  oops , yep i think we are . 
  she could n't invoke the 5th but if she wanted to , she could dodge the subpoena and see what happens . 
  it 's steel , so no . 
  are you looking for simple songs for children , or iconic croatian songs in all genres ? 
  in dalmatia , i would say that da te mogu pismom zvati is probably one of the most iconic folk songs . 
  it 's comparable to sweet home alamaba in terms of popularity , i.e. 
  everyone has heard it at least once . 
  so jealous . 
  been hoping to see rtj live for so long, 
  as someone who is planning to get a motorcycle , i 'm going to ignore your comment and pretend i 'm making a reasonable and safe decision . 
  i would get married just so i could fly it, 
  it 's funny that our society treats this like its totally safe and healthy , but weed is still illegal, 
  edit : sorry for sounding like an asshole . 
  i 'm not questioning your life choices at all . 
  i 've been known to drink a little too much too . 
  not a problem . 
  i 'm just amazed at what we condone and what we criminalize . 
  sorry if i sounded like a douche . 
  / r/prettyreasonablerequest, 
  eighth = 3.5 grams, 
  quarter/q = 7 grams, 
  half = 14 grams, 
  ounce/o/zip = 28 grams, 
  source : high school, 
  first time on the internet ? 
  joke, 
  you, 
  that 's / r/drugs, 
   country, 
  i do n't want to rain on your parade , but you should probably get baked before going into the theater , rather than trying to covertly vape inside . 
   suppository, 
  i would hope not, 
  no no no , that 's all wrong . 
  you forgot to conjugate it . 
  it should be, 
  now write it a thousand times by morning or i 'll cut your balls off . 
  true true . 
  i wonder if kurdistan even has a flag , since it 's nothing more than a region . 
  i just learned how to drive stick this past weekend . 
  i 'm never going back . 
  stick master race reporting in for the first time . 
  i 'd keep it low . 
  200 max . 
  above that , the crowd can get overwhelming and you may not have fun . 
  it 's a children 's book called sheep in a jeep . 
  it was my fave circa 1999 . 
  there 's a cop in my city who has a spider web tattoo on his neck . 
  people call him spiderman . 
  except that chancellor palpatine , by virtue of being self-appointed , is anti-liberty and therefore not a good guy . 
  but he killed civilians along with them . 
  that 's an obama move . 
  my point still stands . 
  dc cyclist here . 
  bike party is bigger , slower , and more open , whereas critical mass tends to attract the more dedicated cyclists , and sometimes turns into a bit of a race up at the front . 
  pretty stupid , tbh . 
  drop bars with riser brake cluster , aero bars , v brakes , painted brake track , and it is n't supposed to be a road bike anyway . 
  haha they 're all just terms for the same thing , really . 
  bike party is just more family friendly and open , critical mass is smaller , more tightly-knit , and a little faster . 
  we also have mash out monday ( fixed gear only , fast ride ) and sunday centuries for us truly insane . 
  that toooo, 
  nigga what the fuck, 
  why should you limit their pay ? 
  more money makes the position more competitive . 
  sorry we ca n't all be millionaires . 
  i do n't think they did anything wrong , i just love that this guy thanked them for detaining him . 
  i would feel dirty if i smoked out of that abomination hahaha, 
  out of curiosity , why do you want bar ends ? 
  i 've always found them to be pretty unnecessary . 
  hmm . 
  definitely possible that it 'll be nice , if you 're used to holding your hand like that . 
  looks a little wonky , but look at the brake . 
  the hallucinogenic effects are beautiful and you may actually enjoy them . 
  check us out at / r/shrooms, 
  hey op , talk to your attorney about your rights under the federal youth corrections act , 18 usc \u00a7 5021 , which may allow your criminal record expunged and your rap sheet wiped clean . 
  this is correct , but it 's worth it if you want to avoid checking the box on every employment application for the rest of your life . 
  op , many public defender services have free legal advice clinics where you can meet with an attorney one-on-one at no cost to discuss options . 
  what jurisdiction were you convicted in ? 
  i believe it 's two years with no new arrests but i am not a lawyer ( yet ), 
  i did a bit of light research and it turns out that in nevada , reckless driving that does not result in bodily harm is a misdemeanor , even when a conviction on that charge is the result of pleading down from dui . 
  a lot of employers will only consider felony conviction when hiring so you may not need to make a criminal history disclosure to future employers anyway . 
  either way , talk to your attorney or a public defender , and see if you can get that record sealed in two years . 
  feed him to the hungry rats for dinner, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  he did n't legally fight his way out of a charge . 
  they continued it for friday . 
  / r/amibeingdetained, 
  when starting from a stop , treat the rear brake as a clutch . 
  engage the brake and turn the throttle until it hits the catch point and the engine starts to rev , and then release the brake to get going . 
  it allows you to get a smoother start , rather than using the throttle , which can be jerky when starting from a standstill . 
  knife of dunwall was perfect . 
  what 's your question ?
