  i could never smoke every day . 
  too expensive and i imagine it would lose its appeal after a while . 
  i accept that , and i recognize that some people who smoke are lazy . 
  but i think that their decision to smoke is a manifestation of their laziness , and not the cause of it . 
  honestly , i know a decent number of very accomplished ents , and a decent number of lazy ones as well . 
  do whatever makes you happy , i guess . 
  i agree . 
  but there are people who only ever post about breaking bad , football , cello , or alcohol . 
  lots of people are very one-track-minded , and that 's not limited to marijuana . 
   the sigma will still exist, 
  no , i think that the stigma would fade as a consequence of legalization . 
  no worries , i did too . 
  oh my god . 
  i lost it at bees, 
   when 20 dollars costs 20 dollars a pound, 
  paying $ 20 for a pound of 20s would actually be an easy way to make free money . 
  that 's bullshit , come over to my soundproof basement and i 'll prove i 'm not . 
  going out on a limb here , but i do n't think that that would call for police boats . 
  i was going to say bill murray, 
  yes . 
  the prices do n't get any better than that . 
  i would suggest that you buy it . 
  give it some time to find out if you 'll be drug tested . 
  i just watched her pet a dead bird for three minutes, 
  that was art . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  that thing has full suspension , it can handle any terrain . 
  get out of here with your nay-saying . 
   to be honest , bike repair is n't that hard to learn . 
  i beg to differ . 
  if someone asked you to set up an internally routed di2 system , would you be able to do it off the top of your head ? 
  what about re-building suspension ? 
  converting a bike from ultegra 7900 on a bb86 to sram red on a gxp bb ? 
  pressfit headset cups ? 
  re-build a shifter and make the ratchet and pawls work perfectly ? 
  glue a tubular ? 
  it 's not easy to do , and most people ca n't be bothered to adjust limit screws , much less learn the difference between bottom bracket standards . 
  edit : not entirely sure why you would downvote this , as it is fairly relevant . 
  that 's roadmaster 's proprietary flex-tek system . 
  the wood adds compliance . 
  brain suspension * what * ? 
  as a white person , i understand your pain . 
  another version i 've heard is `` kinky means using a feather , a fetish means using the rest of the chicken '', 
  this is an ad . 
  / r/mildlyinteresting, 
  please let that be the proper name for a group of puffins . 
  not nearly as cool, 
  actually , the winter version of the [ olympic ] event was created by moderators of the ioc guild in 1.9.24, 
  dc begs to differ, 
  source : every avenue here is spooky and diagonal, 
  the fbi has better things to do than chase down underage porn viewers . 
  it 's a joke / hack / scam , as far as i know . 
  i 'm at least 2 % sure that new york and rhode island avenues are diagonal , among many others, 
  bmc ran a computer simulation of 34,000 different combinations of geometry , tube cross sections , and carbon lay-up to make the slr01 . 
  a lot of research and design goes into carbon bikes . 
  yes , but design correlates to quality manufacturing , at least in theory . 
  you 're damn right it is, 
  this is actually not a real word . 
  but then all words are made up . 
  this is called * semantic satiation * . 
  should 've used a box . 
  sorry about your arms . 
  someone reposts this every week . 
  just stop , please . 
  would n't that have looked better welded from the inside ? 
  `` if i was a girl , i 'd be preg - '', 
  shut the fuck up, 
  fuck , i just heard about it yesterday . 
  nice , but it is n't very trees . 
  wow , all of the elementary schoolers on / r/science will love this . 
  i really hope you bought it , right , op ? 
  if you want it to be better , post good content and lead by example . 
  ... to cook with, 
  `` she got a big booty , so i call her big booty '', 
  -2 chainz , lyrical god, 
  come down off the cross ; we could use the wood . 
  `` flip that candy '' is a reference to the combination of mdma and lsd , called a candyflip . 
  the more you know . 
  i let a troll kill her . 
  motherfucking usb plugs . 
  i 'm usually wrong three times before i get it right . 
  i have , thanks though !, 
  it started to fuck with my head very quickly . 
  hell of a book . 
  i reported a shitty til from a fake account . 
  you get a til point for it each time . 
  the more cheese there is , the more holes there are . 
  the more holes there are , the less cheese there is . 
  therefore , the more cheese there is , the less cheese there is . 
  discuss . 
  pro tip : cut the tip off a presta valve cap and unscrew the valve plunger , then put the cut-off valve cap back on . 
  boom , instant schrader valve to be filled with a schrader pump . 
  this is important . 
  if it 's got ultegra , it 's a great deal . 
  if it 's got 105 , maybe not so much . 
  my shop has ultegra tarmacs for 2300 . 
  do n't do it , op . 
  cervelo has had problems with broken bottom bracket shells and poor customer service . 
  honestly , you would do well to buy a caad10 or a tarmac . 
  stores are still clearing out 2013 inventory .
