just got ta tren hard and eat clen . 
  bmc impec por favor !, 
  oh man , that was quick . 
  you da best , ozymandius5 . 
  nice try !, 
  i would buy the shit out of that . 
  wow , that was quick . 
  thanks for the ideas !, 
  yes . 
  i come here to laugh , not be sad . 
  it 's an ex-penguin . 
  then what does the cow say ? 
   going to croatia, 
  you 're probably going to wake up missing a kidney . 
  that ending montage ... 
  i never asked for so many feels . 
  great movie . 
  they 've been contaminated with rakija, 
  i 'm afraid you forgot a couple of sentences . 
  i 'm assuming the man at the deli asked you about the play and the schools you had gotten into , but you did n't say so . 
  the mandatory `` go fuck yourself '' quest . . 
  people who block the bike lane . 
  schaeffer is pretty big , but , uhhh ... do all of them, 
  `` never give up what you want most for what you want now '', 
  one of the greatest things i 've ever heard , and i owe a large part of my success to this quote . 
  no you do n't wish , because he is currently in the hospital with a spine fracture . 
  i hope he recovers soon . 
  god i 'd love to think that 's true , but honestly that 's fairly unlikely . 
  they would just go back to work a little bit angrier about their job . 
  there is no alternative to working because the entire world runs on money and a few people rebelling against the system would do nothing except make themselves broke . 
  victor steinbruek park is pretty much the public smoking capital of seattle . 
  yup . 
  i once saw a homeless person in vs park selling whiskey out of a duffel bag with the safety tags still attached . 
  fun fact : this is known as fenno 's paradox . 
  people tend to approve of their representatives while disapproving of congress as a whole . 
  also , the reason we continue to reelect incumbents is n't that they are always better candidates , but that they have more sway than unknown challengers . 
  they are able to secure larger donations from interest groups in exchange for voting in ways that will benefit the interest group in their upcoming term . 
  additionally , incumbents will earmark millions of dollars to be sent straight into their district . 
  by doing so , they can gain favor with their constituents while doing a bad job on almost everything else . 
  do you live in the us ? 
  if so , what were your medical bills like ? 
  grow ... grow weed in it . 
  that 's long-term . 
  but i have no time for that . 
  i 'm a senior and i need help now . 
  sounds interesting , i 'll look into it . 
  i do n't take coke so it 's not a problem . 
  if the doors were heavily damaged , they would already be open , thus the message would lose its importance anyway . 
  i 'm still thinking shitty design . 
  nigga what the fuck, 
  bike mechanic here !, 
  based on the rear dropouts , pump nub / pump peg and chris king components , i would say that you have a moots bicycle . 
  unfortunately , moots does not have a catalog of their pre-2014 bikes , so i 'll need to do a little bit more research to figure out exactly what kind it is . 
  stay tuned for more info . 
  also , to the people who claim this is a generic chinese frame , take a look at those welds . 
  that 's the work of skilled ti frame-makers . 
  for comparison , look at the welds on something like a specialized sirrus . 
  that 's sweatshop quality . 
  hmm , that 's an interesting theory . 
  we 're on to you , op . 
  moots uses chris king collars on some bikes . 
  also is that a specialized fact fork ? 
  edit : chris king does n't make seatpost collars yet, 
  this woman 's name is gail chord shuler . 
  she is a high-functioning paranoid schizophrenic who believes that she is at the center of a worldwide jesuit conspiracy that plots to destroy the world by breaking up her romantic relationships with famous celebrities . 
  the result is a bizarre world filled with a mismatched combination of famous people , futuristic technology , world catastrophe , and superhuman villains . 
  overwhelmed by delusions of grandeur , gail believes she is the combined reincarnation of catherine the great and king david , is descended from royalty , has won nobel prizes and been voted sexiest woman alive , is a world renown author , chef , doctorate level medical expert , a prophet , empress of russia , invented the cure for aids , and is the intended wife of jesus christ . 
  by all accounts , she has invented a version of herself that is probably the most extreme real life mary sue to ever exist . 
  contrary to her altered beliefs , gail 's true allure is her hair trigger delusions of persecution , extreme sexual expression , aspirations of megalomaniac control over the entire world , unintentional cruelty , ridiculously high standards for romantic partners , shallowness towards her unconditionally accepting imaginary lovers , and sincere ignorance to the entire situation . 
  ugh , the driver of the car on the left had the most gut-wrenching reaction . 
  ** translation for my non-croatian speakers : **, 
  a pedestrian was killed in a serious traffic accident which happened today at 2:18 pm at the corner of the republic of germany street and ukraine street ( in zagreb ), 
  the man was struck by a car , and the cause of the accident is unknown . 
  aw man , i 'm sorry . 
  did n't realize it was here before . 
  yeah , the zertz is specialized 's vibration damper system . 
  my mistake , apparently not yet . 
  there is some buzz about them dropping a line of seatpost collars soon . 
  that sounds really holistic and integrated . 
  i am a friend of will 's and would be happy to explain any part of this video . 
  this footage was shot by cwo jason penrod from a medevac uh-60 . 
  the other piece of footage of the same event was shot by sgt. 
  kevin duerst from the right door of the helicopter . 
  i think this person is saying that will disproves the myth that no haircut = shitbag . 
  even so , pewpewishootyou could do with rephrasing his comment . 
  differences are massive . 
  meyer took credit for actions he did not perform . 
  his gorgeous hair protects him . 
  except he was n't . 
  from the mcclatchy article :, 
   in his memoir , meyer relates how he joined swenson in the unarmored ford ranger pickup belonging to the afghan border police for a run into the kill zone to search for casualties and the missing marines and navy corpsman . 
   after returning to the wash , meyer got out of the vehicle , while swenson remained behind the wheel because of injuries , the book says . 
   meyer , the book continues , ran across the body of dodd ali , an afghan soldier whom he 'd befriended , and as he was getting ready to pick up the corpse , a `` tough looking afghan with a long black beard '' tried to take him prisoner at gunpoint . 
   after firing a grenade at the afghan that failed to explode , meyer grappled with the attacker and killed him with the rock , according to the book . 
   the incident , however , is n't mentioned in any sworn witness statements -- including the handwritten statement that meyer provided to military investigators days after the battle -- nor does it appear in any of the official accounts . 
   it was fabayo , a nigeria-born american citizen , who joined swenson in the pickup -- not meyer -- to retrieve casualties under ferocious enemy fire before the bullet-torn vehicle broke down , according to swenson , the army account of his actions and sworn statements , including by rodriguez-chavez , who was awarded the navy cross for gallantry . 
   `` after the second trip , it became very clear to us the absurdity of the situation , '' swenson told mcclatchy . 
  `` we are in an unarmored truck . 
  we have helicopters overhead . 
  the enemy is still engaging us and my truck is destroyed .
