  i guess i got what i deserved, 
  i just noticed something !, 
   off to my right i see five mounted cowboys, 
  exactly how many police cars passed through the frame when walt entered the meth lab . 
  i guess i got what i deserved ... 
  i never thought that i 'd forget - or i 'd regret - the special love i had for you , my baby blue . 
  lydia ? 
  i have one and i can tell you that these things are the tits . 
  all that time , without a word . 
  or i 'd regret, 
  my baby blue ... 
  upvotes are not only encouraged ... 
  they are permitted . 
  [ i 'm a big fan of the second version ] ( http://youtu.be/ppolzyx-unw ), 
  edit : i 'm a dingus, 
  oh haha , thank you for pointing that out, 
  yes . 
  awww . 
  this is the most fedorable thing i 've ever read . 
  not googling that, 
  how do you feel about the ridiculous and occasionally misspelled ads on the sides of your website ? 
  my friend [ found this one ] ( http://imgur.com/wgm1shs ) ( nsfw ) a few days ago and we think it 's quite funny . 
  also thank you for the info . 
  absolutely . 
  [ i found this video this morning on the bus , and it 's surprisingly well-made for a fan tribute . 
  i watched the whole thing . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahiprtnrlfu ), 
  this comparison kicks ass . 
  yes . 
  that 's exactly the same image i have , especially on the venge and tarmac . 
  like it 's pouncing on something . 
  + tipfedora / u/accidentallywut 420, 
  some say ... he 's not . 
  well not quite sneaking , but i managed to get a camelbak full of jack daniels into a music festival under my coat . 
  no faggot , the text on captcha is distorted so only a human can decipher it . 
  a computer program can read plain text , even if it 's in an image . 
  plus , the fucking nsa can probably solve a captcha . 
  mhm , yep . 
  let 's take away their comment karma , that 'll show them . 
  thanks for being so brave . 
  sorry for being an asshole , but there are better ways to fight hate than by voting on reddtit . 
  no idea how this abomination passed inspection . 
  thank god they pixelated her vagina . 
  i would n't want to see anything gross . 
  make a better fucking guitar out of scraps in a refugee camp . 
  i dare you . 
  fyi , you switched them around . 
  i broke up with my girlfriend and bought a bmc a month later . 
  the bmc is sexier . 
  cycling is all about nitpicking . 
  anything to save a few grams . 
  tdu ? 
  oh man , cadel evans is leading team bmc . 
  and he 's on home turf . 
  i would n't be surprised to see him in ochre . 
  i do n't know about this particular video , but try this :, 
  find a youtube video of his recording, 
  find a youtube video of the end of felina, 
  start them so that they end at the same time ( if the confession is 2:10 long , start felina 2:10 from the end ), 
  mute felina , turn up confession , play them at the same time . 
  hard to fit that on a plate . 
  i honestly did n't like that part . 
  he said it too casually , as if cooking meth was something he was happy to do . 
  i have a two inch scar from crashing my bike into a chainlink fence at 7 years old . 
  it counts as an injury but it deserves a bit of special recognition for the sheer retardedness of it . 
  i think that 's what they mean . 
  just anything acquired in childhood . 
  brain damage is a precursor to 4chan . 
  i am no exception . 
  come in , we are aladeen !, 
  flip, 
  sorry , we are aladeen . 
  things you do n't want to admit irl , ya dingus . 
  3 guys 1 hammer . 
  fuck that shit . 
  op here from the post you refer to . 
  thanks for this !, 
  that 's why i do n't want to watch it . 
  i already have a negative view of the world , but i try to run away from the bad and hold on tightly to whichever slivers of beauty i find . 
  the very last thing i need is to see the worst of humanity and the soul-crushing misery that it brings . 
  off to bed . 
  see you later , world . 
  elaborate !, 
  why ? 
  who are you keeping it from ? 
  what would happen ? 
  i think that confusion over sexuality is pretty common . 
  i guess all you can do is give yourself time . 
  best of luck . 
  / r/lgbt or something similar is a great resource . 
  correct !, 
  a fellow ideas member i see, 
  i do not . 
  yeah , it 's a little weird . 
  di2 stands for digital integrated intelligence . 
  it was initially only available as a variation of dura-ace . 
  when shimano introduced ultegra di2 , a lot of people thought that the d in the original di2 referred to dura-ace , and that the new ultegra version should be called ui2 . 
  the ui2 name took hold , and how it 's regarded as an unofficial name for electronic ultegra . 
  ah , the old ejaculate and evacuate . 
  i 'm also planning to tour in vietnam soon .
