  i respect all opinions . 
  this is a cool bot though . 
  i can use the umbrellas to build muh roads, 
  yeah , we tried letting people build their own roads and then the whole subreddit collapsed into somalian anarchy . 
  sending people to jail is not awesome . 
  why would i have said that ? 
  some people rightfully end up in jail . 
  but it should only happen after they have received the best possible defense and been tried and convicted by a jury of their peers . 
  also it quotes trotsky, 
  you 're right . 
  the capitalism we have today is not a moral system . 
  it 's government-abetted cronyism . 
  if it worked well , then everyone would be able to raise their standards of living . 
  but the answer is less government involvement , not more . 
  certainly . 
  capping wealth is a terrible idea . 
  it removes incentive for people to develop ideas and stunts the economy . 
  everything you said is correct, 
  imagine a world in which personal earnings are capped at , let 's say , 10 million dollars . 
  an entrepreneur creates a product that earns him 11 million dollars , so he takes 10 and has to give up the rest ( marx would be proud ) . 
  now , he comes up with an idea for an amazing new product . 
  but of course , he wo n't make any money off of it at all . 
  so what can he do ? 
  does he put it on the market and give away all of his earnings ? 
  if anything , developing the product and bringing it to consumers will result in a net loss of he can not earn a profit . 
  will he give the patent to someone else ? 
  no , why should someone else get rich in his product ? 
  so what does he do ? 
  nothing . 
  he has no reason to keep developing his ideas . 
  gdp per capita may increase , but it increases even more if you do n't limit people 's profits . 
  yup . 
  i crashed at 18 mph yesterday and i 'm currently suffering from a concussion and some road rash . 
  doctor said that the helmet probably saved my life . 
  it 's shattered but it took the punishment instead of my skull . 
  helmets are cool . 
  i ca n't recommend the specialized prevail enough, 
  seems to be the big s, 
  i posted it here because i do n't believe it . 
  that 's the point of this subreddit . 
  unless i 'm misunderstanding you . 
  ek\u0161n, 
  this is a sub my friend created . 
  i know he 's not a hacker so i know he did not subscribe you to it . 
  but still , ???? 
  dishonored, 
  what the flying fuck, 
  i live next to the ritz in georgetown . 
  never seen this one but there 's a chrome aventador that rolls around here a lot . 
  that belongs to a family friend who lives in the apartment next to what used to be cafe la ruche, 
  there is a fairly large difference between a fixie - fixed gear bike - and single speed , which is what this is . 
  a lot . 
  3500 a month for two bedrooms , 1.5 baths . 
  my house is 11 feet wide . 
  i 've measured . 
  it 's also pretty old . 
  location , location , location . 
  this is the right answer, 
  your friend needs to get a fake id . 
  future public defender here . 
  i really like how you explained this . 
  the wire . 
  no doubt . 
  besides all of the defaults , i 'd love to see steam and the microsoft office suite . 
  gates carbon belt drive, 
  ayyyy it 's the aqueduct bridge . 
  i used to hang out there a lot . 
  this fucking thread is killing me, 
  from the wiki :, 
  northrop had investigated several means of applying directional control that would least infringe on the aircraft 's radar profile , eventually settling on a combination of split brake-rudders and differential thrust . 
  engine thrust became a key element of the b-2 's aerodynamic design process early on ; thrust not only affects drag and lift but pitching and rolling motions as well . 
  four pairs of control surfaces are located along the wing 's trailing edge ; while most surfaces are used throughout the aircraft 's flight envelope , the inner elevons are normally only in use at slow speeds , such as landing . 
  to avoid potential contact damage during takeoff and to provide a nose-down pitching attitude , all of the elevons remain drooped during takeoff until a high enough airspeed has been attained . 
  fixed gear dc all day, 
  dc what 's good, 
  nope, 
  dc used bicycle marketplace on facebook . 
  or fixed gear dc on facebook . 
  it 's so they ca n't see you coming . 
  rakija is some serious shit . 
  i wish you luck in your quest . 
  as for the kikiriki , are you looking for smoki , or something else ? 
  [ so delicious ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/3e/88/fb/3e88fb82917fc9c5433570721eb03ba6.jpg ), 
  op looks like a young quentin tarantino, 
  he 's so nice . 
  he puts all the emphasis on ` street ' when he yells it . 
  ** street ** ^ sense, 
  string : shorty was a cop . 
  and she ai n't dead . 
  i thought y' all 'd 've learned to write better, 
  this . 
  every time i see an a full ultegra bike with some fsa crank and big shiny chainrings , it makes me want to cry . 
  full group or gtfo . 
  no , specialized does this on their tarmac which uses their osbb shell . 
  it can accommodate a shimano crank . 
  edit : i guess whoever downvoted this comment is an fsa fan . 
  well ???? 
  what happened , op . 
  thank you , but i already found someone . 
  i appreciate the offer though .
