  lay on your side and spoon . 
  have him wrap his arms around you . 
  plus you can turn your head around and kiss him . 
  it 's amazing , trust me . 
  i had this too , for years !, 
  it drove me insane and made it impossible to have sex more than once a day . 
  to solve this problem , just pee right after sex . 
  boom , no more pain . 
  at least for me . 
  i hope it works for you . 
  fwiw , i did this for my girlfriend before we parted ways for the summer and it worked out great . 
  just ask your girlfriend , and if she 's apprehensive , encourage her to be open minded and give it one try . 
  put down some towels and just go for it, 
  even if they cared , they 'd never know . 
  i had to stop after 20 seconds . 
  that fast forward chipmunk noise is awful, 
  district cycle works on p street . 
  your friend is going to have to be more specific, 
  because the water is washing away the natural lubrication . 
  but bruh , if you want to help your friend have good sex , you 're gon na need to be able to say the word `` vagina '', 
  because the water is washing away the natural lubrication . 
  but bruh , if you want to help your friend have good sex , you 're gon na need to be able to say the word `` vagina '', 
  holy shit i recognize this bush . 
  i walk past it every day on my way to class . 
  i 'm not kidding , man !, 
  i know this bush !, 
  i used to train at the sailing club about 30 feet to the left of this pic !, 
  you write like john steinbeck and i love you, 
  the fact that the mayor 's name is polish makes this 10x better . 
  at least he can go by rick, 
  you were probably hyperventilating . 
  try to slow your breathing next time . 
  historical fun fact : these guys fucked up bad, 
  this is so cringy, 
  well as a bear , you already have the right to bear arms . 
  what about monegasque ? 
  there 's an upcoming movie directed by rob reiner about how this conspiracy was assembled . 
  mary lord is honestly the best candidate, 
  lord honestly has been around the longest and has the most experience . 
  lmaooooo she 's a family friend and she does dress mighty strange but we love her, 
  just wan na add that there are no other types of zoloft , but you can ask for a different type of ssri, 
  this is the quality content i need, 
  classical conditioning control system from an animal behavior lab . 
  read about pavlov , skinner , and milgram !, 
  nice find !, 
  dr. matt is a national treasure, 
  using boot camp, 
  i only take calculated risks . 
  but man , am i bad at math . 
  where to buy, 
  nope , i do n't even know what that is haha, 
  i love that yesterday someone suggested you use the sleeve and today you have it on . 
  and they say reddit never helped anyone . 
  rest in fucking peace . 
  i hope you can walk tomorrow . 
  beautiful . 
  my one concern -- why a top charger ? 
  rip your nose . 
  talk about a top-mount intercooler, 
  roll cage ? 
  why is everyone supporting this sort of action ? 
  either do n't take his weed away , or do n't smoke it . 
  you 're imposing a ridiculous double standard . 
  if it 's bad for him to do it , you should n't do it either . 
  alternatively , if you 're doing it , you should allow him to . 
  are you in bosnia ? 
  serbia ? 
  hey man i think there 's always been plentiful beaver in college, 
  happens to me too . 
  some theories i have are 1 ) makes you more interesting 2 ) makes you more enthusiastic 3 ) makes it seem like you know what you 're talking about 4 ) causes you to make eye contact and focus on the interlocutor . 
  maybe some combination of these . 
  fuck , do i love adderall . 
  i would pay to suck simo 's dick, 
  ( no homo ), 
  the great shitsby, 
  wow , did n't think i 'd get a fantastic reply so far down the road . 
  thank you so much mate !, 
  will this open calendar based on what interaction shortcut i use in preferences ? 
  for example , ctrl + click , ^ + click , etc ? 
  is this the guy at the dunn loring metro ? 
  2900 block of gallows road ? 
  i was expecting a car bomb, 
  it opens ducts that allow sound in from beyond the firewall . 
  can confirm , all my friends make fun of me because i use it any time i have the chance to, 
  it thicc, 
  i go to swarthmore , which is n't too far away . 
  i 'd do it but i do n't have a car , plus it 's finals week . 
  if you post on our classifieds page , you might be able to find someone who 's willing to do it . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm running on coffee and adrenaline over here . 
  how did you know, 
  you can see at several points that they 've been replaced with fake snakes . 
  good . 
  organic farming is a sham and a health risk . 
  i 'm more impressed by the obviously fake ign quote, 
  can i help you ? 
  fiat 500, 
  we could never burn him as badly as the inevitable meth lab explosion will, 
   some lengthening, 
   some,
