  you 'd think gray would be smart enough to not make the same mistake as every single one of his recent predecessors . 
  that 's true , but barry was a catastrophe and fenty was n't much better . 
  i just hope bowser is a breath of fresh air , although i was really hoping for catania . 
   eating in car, 
   post-apocalyptic, 
  i 'm dying, 
  i had that too . 
  a reboot cured it . 
  yeah , i nearly got hit by a u-turning cab in that exact bike lane last month . 
  i just took 250 . 
  happy sunday . 
  sexuality is genetic , and not a matter of preference . 
  but i think tripping may allow you to become more comfortable with who you are and allow you to love yourself and your identity . 
  also , fuck labels . 
  call yourself whatever you think sounds nice . 
  you too !, 
  sending you good vibes . 
  just came up . 
  time is starting to bend . 
  like the music i 'm listening to is becoming really slow and then really fast ... 
  i 'm sitting on this blanket thats full of fractals . 
  it 's waving in the breeze . 
  i wish you could see this thing . 
  i tried videochatting with my friend and i could n't even hold it together because his face kept flowing and morphing . 
  this keyboard is really messing with me right now . 
  do psychedelic drugs . 
  ]  not asking for an sls, 
  i honestly ca n't believe you 're advocating burning down the home of a defense attorney . 
  you should be ashamed . 
  understood , and i do not stand with the protesters either . 
  however , as someone who works in criminal defense , i want you to understand that defense attorneys are some of the most honest and moral people , who are dedicated to upholding the founding principles of this nation , and therefore should be exempt from the public rage that has been gripping ferguson . 
  aventon carbon forks break so easily . 
  yep , they snap at the crown . 
  common problem . 
  my friend almost died when he hopped a kerb and snapped his aventon fork . 
  he fell right in front of a car . 
  hnnnnng ... sworks enduro . 
  so sexy . 
  i 'll allow it . 
  whatcha riding ? 
  what , no brokeback mountain ? 
  thanks for the suggestion , but money :(, 
  yes, 
  go to the woods !, 
  public defender ? 
  edit : nope , probably a corrections officer, 
  i want to be a public defender too !, 
  currently interning in a public defender 's office and loving every second of it . 
  i 'm actually going out to take a statement in a few minutes . 
  i will lay down my life for my associate of african descent, 
  most likely i will perish with my digits clutching my firearm, 
  i could n't agree more . 
  jesus , these comments are terrible . 
  the thirst is unreal . 
  turn back now . 
  haha just starting college . 
  not even close to being an actual attorney . 
  i 'm really lucky that my home town has a really good public defender service with an internship program . 
  most jurisdictions are not so lucky . 
  what stage are you in ? 
  nope . 
  my short girlfriend is perfect for me . 
  unilad, 
  yeah , it really hertz to read these comments . 
  watch out , cheatdeath gabe is going to steal it . 
  cheatdeath gabe stole a bunch of bikes and everyone around him turned on him and he lost his job and got exiled from the fgnyc community , so then he got his jimmies rustled and threatened to kill some people . 
  i am in the same position , same age too . 
  are you me ? 
  seriously , i have no idea how to go about doing this . 
  help me pls, 
  knowingly aiding and abetting a crime generally carries the same sentence as the crime itself . 
  generally this sentence can be reduced with a good defense and usually ends in a plea deal . 
  but if i give someone my gun with the knowledge that they will commit first degree murder , then the prosecution will petition the court for a first degree murder sentence for me ( generally from 25 years up to a death sentence ) . 
  6 ' 2 '' represent . 
  lawrence v. texas for the win . 
  if that 's your thing . 
  you 're going to need a bigger bike . 
  so cool !, 
  although he is singing about moldy bread . 
  i usually have a bigger mug and empty the whole french press into it at once . 
  but muh loose leaf, 
  black dog . 
  martha 's vineyard , ma . 
  if tony stark were cool , he 'd ride that bike . 
  u wot m8, 
  as a bmc owner , i could be biased . 
  hey neighbor !, 
  1000 block of 31st street represent . 
  jealous of your view though . 
  rekt, 
  any threadless 1-1/8 stem . 
  basically any stem . 
  those are lengths . 
  they all work equally , but it 's down to your preference . 
  objectivists and anarcho-capitalists are two completely different things . 
  the fact that you put them into the same box shows that you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  i 'm an objectivist and i care very deeply about the needs of the poor . 
  i 'm just not going to force you to do the same . 
  well shit , ya found me . 
  i 'm not downvoting here .
