  in serbo-croatian , the crosswalk is called zebra . 
  source : croatian, 
  cat . 
  no need for a more powerful motor . 
  just use a gear ratio that favors power over speed . 
  it might take longer , but you can exert a surprising amount of power with a mindstorms motor simply by using mechanical advantage . 
  shit , i did that too . 
  burned almost all the skin off my right hand . 
  i told my mom it was boiling water and to this day i have n't told her . 
  spitroast !, 
  google translate says :, 
   when is the nunst\u00fcck git and slotermeyer ? 
  yes !, 
  the beiherhund or flipperwaldt gersput . 
  either this is a bad translation or your joke is very topical . 
  technically . 
  but who 's counting ? 
  or eat edibles before you get on the plane . 
  if the weed is already in you , it ca n't be detected by a drug dog , and if you time it right it wo n't kick in till your seated . 
  oh it 's ok man . 
  you were driving drunk . 
  no problem at all . 
  i live in georgetown . 
  have not seen marie yet . 
  please explain . 
  square taper has bearings inboard of the bb shell . 
  sticky eyes, 
  ride it 's on !, 
  national bike month . 
  * her, 
  i think you 'll find that 29 is far superior for xc riding . 
  i sell enves , and i see them every day , yet i still love looking at that logo . 
  entropy is n't what it used to be . 
  the mobs are great . 
  i have a cat and the ai is pretty bad but the texture is wonderful . 
  plus , cat bestows a +2 happiness boost . 
  / u/jiffybot 0:04 -0:09 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=almlfmns5io, 
  it 's an srm power meter . 
  there 's a highway right in front of the pentagon . 
  the plane would have flown right over it . 
  on a busy weekday morning . 
  do you really think that a missile could have been used , considering the number of witnesses ? 
  i 'm sure somebody would have come forward and said that they did n't see a plane . 
  well this just got dark . 
  can anybody identify the song in the background ? 
  looks good . 
  go and ask to test ride it . 
  check for cracks in the frame and fork . 
  check the bearings in the wheels and bottom bracket . 
  and see how it rides . 
  wow . 
  that is fucking mind-blowing . 
  i think i understand . 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  yeah , maybe appoint a few people to lead the whole thing to streamline the process . 
  fuck government !, 
  and yet organized societies have proliferated while your `` anarchist-compatible communities '' are composed mostly of mud huts . 
  yes , because invariably , the life associated with them is one of disease , poverty , and stagnation . 
  do n't tell me you would be willing to forgo the comforts of modern living to instead live in some little dirt poor agrarian commune . 
  so is everyone else . 
  sunday is a popular group ride day . 
  i was out riding with my shop and i probably saw 200 other cyclists on the road . 
  yeah , i have old exage levers with this feature . 
  it 's super convenient . 
  do you think that anybody wishes to be oppressed or subjugated ? 
  everybody wants individual liberty . 
  haha , of course there would be 29 subs in that list . 
  that has nothing to do with internal governmental structure . 
  this is what reddit was made for . 
  fyxation straps . 
  best thing out there . 
  you should use the matching fyxation pedals . 
  or if you want to use your own , make sure there are two holes through the pedal , parallel to the axis of rotation . 
  congress recently decided to let the hog stay for a few more years . 
  his screams at the end really hurt to hear . 
  this is the core belief of existentialism . 
  electric boogaloo, 
   belgrade, 
  choose one, 
  actually , no . 
  d. . . r. . . i. . . n. . . k. . . y. . . o. . . u. . . r. . o. . . v. . . a. . . l. . . t. . . i. . n. . . e, 
  i 've seen that setup before . 
  it 's possible that op has a dinghy that the outboard can be attached to . 
  maybe the picture was taken from the dinghy , but the motor was n't attached to it . 
  also , is anyone else trying to get clean off a drug ? 
  i need someone to check in with . 
  is there anything like straight-edge but less dogmatic ? 
  i like the idea of the sxe movement , but their tattoos and punk music and judgmental groupthink makes me dislike them as a whole . 
  if the student is referring to the proliferation of private ownership , then this is fine . 
  yeah man , let 's check in once a week . 
  congrats on making a big leap . 
  i ca n't smoke at all . 
  i have pretty much no moderation . 
  so yes , going straight edge will probably be for the best . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i did n't sink low enough to really fuck up . 
  i think i caught myself just in time . 
  done with high school so i 'm heading to college next year and i 'm happy to be feeling better . 
  damn . 
  i gave mine away cause i felt bad throwing it out .
