  you probably should n't be fuckin somebody who you think has hepatitis anyway, 
  i do that all the time . 
  marshals stare at me . 
  no fucks . 
  you should send this to / r/fixedgearbicycle . 
  i love the facial expression people make when they ask to borrow my bike and i explain to them that it does n't have brakes . 
  i assumed it was a fixed gear if it has no brakes . 
  why does your brother ride a mountain bike with no brakes ? 
  commenting so i can give you gold when i get back to a computer in a few weeks, 
  consider something like the specialized globe daily or detroit a-type as an american alternative !, 
  i think theyre speaking bosnian . 
  long reach v-brakes , or old school cantilever brakes will do . 
  the wrong key would raise it . 
  she lives in the u.s. 
  i 'm in europe for three months . 
  we text a lot though . 
  she 's super chill . 
  i will !, 
  i 'm going to make it a great summer . 
  sorry it did n't work out for you . 
  why not ? 
  prosecutors will lower the charge in exchange for an plea . 
  people rarely ever plead guilty to the original offense . 
  they plead what 's known as a `` lesser included '' offense . 
  for example , someone charged with armed robbery might get a plea for robbery , and be sentenced for robbery alone . 
  that 's how plea bargaining works . 
  that 's only a $ 6,800 difference . 
  yeah op , what 's the big deal ? 
  they throw thousands of condoms at the dc pride parade , which we all appreciate :, 
  i love rick and morty but i agree, 
  looks like frank sobotka from the wire, 
  where can i find this bruh, 
  oh my god . 
  `` the government is requesting 1322 ( b ) ( 1 ) ( a ) '', 
  `` they 're offering a plea under 48-904 ( e ) ( 1 ) even though the defendant is in box d '', 
  you do have to give it a very slight stretch when applying it . 
  once you ride properly applied lizard skin , you 'll never use anything else . 
  i would n't . 
  once you 've ridden carbon , even the best aluminum is depressing . 
  nope . 
  this is civil law . 
  robbaz here , king of sweden . 
  i love bmc bikes . 
  the color scheme is impeccable and they added a damper on the rear stays that gives it a cm or two of travel . 
  want . 
  hey , can i squanch in here ? 
  no thanks , i 'll take your word for it . 
  it sounds like an area fraught with risks, 
  danger zone . 
  wait a minute , op . 
  what about the post where you 're a 21-year-old virgin ? 
  you know , the one you posted this morning . 
  i got you !, 
  take your pick . 
  ----- e ----- e ----- e, 
  i would never treat m ` lady poorly . 
  * tips fedora *, 
  ftfy, 
  some white-knight fuckery about self-respect and how he would never say that to a woman . 
  never mind that everyone says it 's a turn on . 
  your friend should probably take advantage of the fact that he ca n't find it , and use this time to seek counseling . 
  yep , i was at infieldfest in baltimore when i heard him add the fourth . 
  you could tell the whole crowd felt it . 
  swore i was gon na be someone , and growing up everyone always does . 
  they actually did n't get the real killer . 
  one of the key witnesses recanted their testimony and the guy the convicted is being granted a new trial . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  it 'll be a really good case though . 
  if you live in dc , hop on over to the courthouse . 
  oh fuck dude , that slayed me . 
  why the long face ? 
  this . 
  charge reductions are the result of plea bargains . 
  generally the government will charge up though . 
  they 'll ask for murder 2 and then they 'll also try to get a conviction on a lesser included ( voluntary manslaughter ) if they ca n't get m2 . 
  before the 15th ? 
  i 'm still waiting for them to pm their address . 
  so i guess i still need help . 
  i 'm still waiting on a pm so i still need help . 
  please pm me . 
  i 'll be there on the 11th , staying til the 15th . 
  and i 'd just drop in near the end of my stay , or meet you in town . 
  whatever is easiest for you . 
  ayn rand ( yes , i know , come crucify me ) argued that in man 's natural state , human actions are driven by rational self-interest , consciously or not . 
  therefore , if you accept this theory , then you should be altruistic because it gives you enjoyment or contributes to self-actualization . 
  wow , so alpha . 
  very authoritative . 
  looks like your ex dodged a bullet . 
  i would n't , as they may confiscate them due to some obscure law . 
  i 'd put them in the most innocent thing you can find . 
  stick it to an old card and slide it in your wallet , or on the bottom of a shoe insert . 
  oh darn , you 're right . 
  wrong subreddit . 
  but thank you anyway !, 
  no , the metro is closed for repairs again, 
  way down in the hole, 
  i had both open and probably clicked the wrong tab when i went to post, 
  does anyone know where this is from ? 
  i think i know that guy . 
  i think op was saying that she might refuse to testify under a 5th amendment privilege .
