  the nuvinci n360 . 
  it 's a hub that features two plates sandwiching 12 steel balls . 
  the balls are each mounted on an axle . 
  as the angle of the balls on their axles changes , the distance between the input plate and the middle of the balls changes , and the distance between the middle of the balls and the output plate changes inversely . 
  so basically it uses the principles of mechanical advantage by connecting two large `` gears '' ( the plates ) with a smaller `` gear '' ( the balls ) whose radius can `` change '' . 
  [ here 's a diagram ] ( http://electricbikereview.com/wp-content/uploads/nuvinci-n360-cvt-hub-diagram.jpg ), 
  it 's really hard to figure out , but stare at it long enough and it makes sense . 
  as long as you understand the concept of gear ratios , you 'll get it . 
  if you 're still confused after a while , i 'll draw another diagram that might help . 
  edit : science, 
  there 's also the gf01 , which is the endurance-style bike that they use in the paris-roubaix . 
  they also used to have the rm01 , which was a less expensive and slightly lower-tech version of the slr01 , but it 's been re-branded as the slr02 . 
  sweet jesus . 
  otherwise known as buzz killington, 
  yes , i agree . 
  that and dancing with ribbons or whatever you properly call it . 
  & # 8710 ; even the few comments i got did it for me . 
  while i still believe that curling requires little strength or conditioning , i now see that it requires a lot of skill and precision , and the ability to aim and regulate the stone 's speed is hard to master . 
  why thank you . 
  maybe , or strip the sprint shifter till it 's just wires and a switch . 
  pull out the ratchet and pawls from the shifter . 
  as the paddle moves in , it engages the first switch , which would be glued to the inside of the shifter body and attached by a rubber elastomer . 
  pushing past that point would compress the elastomer and allow the lever to engage the second switch . 
  that would cancel the first and shift in a different direction . 
  but this would be expensive and ridiculous . 
  realistically speaking , i would just use the real di2 shifter or wait for sram 's electronic doubletap to be released . 
  as a sram fanboy , i am incredibly excited for the new electronic groupset . 
  i 'm really fed up with mechanical , but i do n't like shimano too much , and doubletap feels great . 
  plus , having a dedicated brake lever that does n't move sideways is a big plus . 
  itt : `` better call saul '' and variations thereof, 
  for that money , the cannondale caad8 is the best bike out there . 
  as much as i 'd like to rep the brand that i work with ( specialized ) , the caad8 gives you a full 105 groupset , instead of cutting corners with generic brakes and a tiagra front derailleur . 
  the caad 8 and caad 10 are cult classics , and you probably wo n't find better aluminum bikes for that price range . 
  true , but i think it 's more important to have a good front mech than matching brakes . 
  the synapse is more expensive for a comparable build . 
  if this is your first proper road bike , go aluminum . 
  sorry , but i never heard anything like what you described . 
  moderator here . 
  as you may have heard , we are working on changing the guidelines for what constitutes justiceporn . 
  sit tight and bear with us and we 'll have the sub running at full power again . 
  tip : sort comments by controversial . 
  the minimum wage for tipped workers in the us is somewhere in the 2-4 dollar range per hour . 
  do you suggest raising this ? 
  being a waiter is hard . 
  you have to be on your feet for hours at a time , mentally remember long lists of complicated orders , know about every dish on the menu , and carry large amounts of food through a crowded restaurant . 
  stop bumblin ', 
  meth . 
  at least he did n't kick the private 's privates . 
  that actually sounds pretty cool . 
  we have x-rays , mris , cat scans , and testing equipment . 
  but to detect prostate cancer , we still have doctors stick their fingers up patients ' rectums . 
  this is called * semantic satiation * , thought to happen through habituation : basically , after repeatedly encountering the same stimulus , the brain tunes it out , which is why the word becomes hard to understand . 
  real housewives of parking wars, 
  talk about bikes . 
  pls respond, 
   chinese, 
  we outsource to china more than anywhere else . 
  i thought this would be pretty simple to understand . 
  nothing good costs $ 500 new . 
  consider buying used or expanding your budget . 
  look to buy a used cross bike , and do n't forget to consider single-speeds . 
  look on facebook for a local used bicycle market , or check craigslist . 
  find a frame around size 57 or so . 
  let 's see how long it takes for someone to sign up as / u/elephant _ fister, 
  something something tree fiddy, 
  are we assuming it has unlimited tensile strength ? 
  not sure if you meant to write boobs, 
  as a mime ,, 
  i will never be that smooth, 
  that was n't even remotely funny . 
  i think girth is the more relevant dimension, 
  your friend is a speed shitter . 
   procrasturbating, 
  ftfy, 
  hahaha , i love cryptic humor . 
  no , but apparently you can do that if you 're autistic . 
  lydia rodarte-quayle , because she 's a neurotic cunt . 
  waiting for college admissions decisions , i feel your pain . 
  this is actually really clever ... 
  for those of you who do n't get it , / u/cinnabontrance is referring to a condition called astigmatism . 
  marijuana . 
  i am a responsible citizen , voracious reader , athlete , and an a student . 
  but there are people who would condemn me as a failure and a washout if i told them i smoke weed . 
  am american , can confirm it still is n't funny . 
  okay , how else do i convey that i read a lot ? 
  no , but i am fun at parties . 
  we should smoke some timmmmme, 
  correct . 
  edit : why downvote this ? 
  it 's literally one word . 
  not yet . 
  there 's another vote scheduled and them the mayor has to sign it . 
  i never said that i represented the entirety of the weed-smoking population . 
  i just think that the stigma surrounding weed is unjustified . 
  there are plenty of people who smoke weed and are unsuccessful in life , but there are as many non-smokers who are also unsuccessful . 
  i 'm not here to make sweeping generalizations . 
  i just want to say that it is possible to smoke and still be a good person . 
  please remember the difference between causation and correlation . 
  once a week at most . 
  sometimes i bake a batch of edibles and eat them every day till they 're gone , but that 's rare .
