  get ready for a shit blizzard . 
  i saw one of them in monaco a few days ago . 
  nothing to write home about , sadly . 
  i kinda wish bugatti had made the galibier instead . 
  get ready for a subpoena, 
  allegedly, 
  i do n't know if you missed this part along the way , but in the united states , any defendant is presumed innocent until proven guilty . 
  maybe you do n't like it , but that 's the way it is . 
  the number of witnesses or the strength of the evidence does not overrule the presumption of innocence until conviction . 
  and yet the presumption of innocence still stands , regardless . 
  why ? 
  provide one . 
  except that , in cases of civil forfeiture , the tangible item is presumed guilty , not the person who possesses it . 
  it 's a terrible system , but essentially the person who owns the item has the burden to prove that it was not connected to a crime . 
  however , we are talking about a criminal matter against a person , not asset forfeiture . 
  my point still stands . 
  that 's just completely false . 
  i do n't know where you 're pulling this information out of . 
  statutory rape functions the same as any other offense . 
  you still have to be proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt . 
  there is no provision for the suspension of the presumption of innocence . 
  i do n't think you understand what the presumption of innocence is . 
  it 's not just something that our society expects . 
  it 's a jurisprudential principle . 
  it says that someone who has not been proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt must be considered not guilty by default in the eyes of the law , and that the burden of proof is always on the government . 
  you 're simply wrong . 
  additionally , you wo n't be convicted of cp if the government can not prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the person in the pictures is under 18 . 
  if there is a reasonable possibility that they are over 18 , the jury has a responsibility to acquit . 
  please stop making unfounded claims . 
  you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  he probably meant e ^ i * pi = -1, 
  extended release adhd medicine like vyvanse xr . 
  do n't listen to the people telling you to shorten !, 
  terrible idea . 
  stick screwdrivers through the stick links and gently bend them opposite ways . 
  haha take less i suppose, 
  even if there are headwinds everywhere , zipp has n't made the 606 in a while . 
  303 or 404 would be nice . 
  that 's where my mom 's family is from , so i can truthfully say i 'm half dalmatian . 
  yep . 
  those are old 606s with the aluminum brake track . 
  all new zipps feature carbon brake tracks except the zipp 60 ( previously known as the zipp 101 ), 
  dude i 'm in dalmatia right now and i 'm crispy brown after one day at the beach . 
  working on my spots . 
  it is n't on your side . 
  it 's on the government 's side . 
  i genuinely believe that for the army , the security of the american people comes second to the security of their own credibility , image , authority , and careers . 
  maybe i sounded a little edgy , but it 's hard to put it in other terms . 
  the effects of our military prowess in the international realm ? 
  do you have a handy list of foreign policy jargon and sophisticated-sounding buzzwords next to your computer ? 
  the effects of our so-called military prowess is currently an entire region of the world destabilized and fucked , drone strikes conducted without the authorization of congress , the proliferation of radical anti-americanism as a result of those strikes , crippling debt , thousands of homeless and hungry veterans , a loss of credibility among our allies , a bloated military budget that saps funding away from programs that could actually benefit out nation , not to mention the loss of american military and foreign civilian lives . 
  why would i ever imply that the army is its own branch ? 
  the president , as the civilian commander of the military , is part of the problem . 
  what part do n't you understand ? 
  a die-hard stormcloak through and through . 
  right , and according to the war powers act of 1973 , the president can not conduct military action in any country for more than 90 days without congressional approval . 
  recent visitor to barca here . 
  it 's only a perfect grid downtown . 
  the rest is the hilliest , most confusing infrastructural fuckery in the world . 
  i absolutely love it . 
  some of the streets are so steep that the sidewalk is stairs . 
  [ this is what i mean . 
  ] ( https://www.google.hr/search?q=barcelona+steep+streets&amp;rlz=1cdgoyi_enus590us590&amp;espv=1&amp;hl=en-us&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sboxchip=images&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cayq_auoawovchmiifhv2f7-xgivrfouch2tlgej&amp;biw=320&amp;bih=492#imgrc=_ ), 
  i think anything is on the way to park guell depending on where you 're coming from  but that is the hilliest area hahaha, 
  you need to post pictures of it . 
  is the crank loose , or is the bottom bracket loose in the frame ? 
  the pedals themselves bolt onto something called a bottom bracket , which is a axle that goes from one side of the frame to the other , and rotates in a set of bearings . 
  the bearings are threaded into the frame ( i 'm oversimplifying but bear with me ) . 
  so sometimes the bottom bracket is loose , and sometimes the pedals are loose on the bottom bracket . 
  what part do you tighten to make it work better ? 
  perfect . 
  thanks for the vid !, 
  what you 've got is a loose bottom bracket . 
  you need to go to your lbs and have them pull your cranks ( or you can buy a square taper crank puller ) and then remove the bottom bracket , grease it , and tighten it back up super tight . 
  you do n't need to buy any parts , as far as i can tell from the video . 
  good luck !, 
  raptor badger, 
  yep , you 'll want to have them measure it since there are soooo many different standards . 
  even today there are 13 or 14 different bottom bracket dimensions , some of them measured by width , and some by diameter , and some by circumference . 
  bb90 , bb86 , bb30 , pf30 , bbright , gxp , etc. . . back in the 80s , there were even more options , some of which were specific to only one company or frame type . 
  all of this is to say that you ca n't just hop online and order a bottom bracket , sadly . 
  you need a mechanic to figure this one out . 
  the good news is it should n't cost a lot to buy one . 
  the biggest cost here will be the installation . 
  there 's also a small chance that your bottom bracket shell threads need to be faced and chased . 
  this is a bit of a bitch , so hopefully it is n't the case . 
  your mechanic will know . 
  best of luck !, 
  subway : eat flesh . 
  the way i see it , john galt 's vow to `` never live for the sake of another man '' means that you should never do anything that is detrimental , destructive , painful , or otherwise harmful to you in the name of another person . 
  that does not mean that you ca n't serve others . 
  do for others as much as you want . 
  just do n't let it destroy you . 
  remember , rand was never opposed to people choosing to be altruistic ; she opposed a moral code based on altruism , and she opposed altruism by coercion . 
  also , if living a life of service gives you a sense of satisfaction , then it is rationally self-interested to seek that satisfaction . 
  in this way , you can reconcile the principles of objectivism with a desire to help others . 
  i am not a lawyer , but i 'd say no , because a bottle of smoke is neither marijuana nor paraphernalia , and since there 's nothing to test , they ca n't prove its marijuana smoke anyway . 
  you could say it 's anything . 
  but why a bottle of smoke ? 
  it 'll go stale and it 'll be gross .
