  what filter do you add to your photos to make them so distinct ? 
  meow, 
  no , no , do n't do this . 
  it 's too much money and it may not work . 
  just take off your cog and put a 3mm spacer where it threads on . 
  then replace cog and lockring as normal . 
  i 'll post a pic when i can . 
  these spacers are a purpose-built part and most track bike manufacturers sell them . 
  nobody is fucking anything up . 
  yes it will . 
  the spacer just moved the cog over . 
  here 's my less professional diagram of where the space goes . 
  i drew it on a motion cause i 'm cool . 
  here are the spacers , in red . 
  those damn letters , man . 
  always rotating and shit . 
  ahh , the torx . 
  affectionately referred to as the jew screw . 
  that 's my fuckin ' problem . 
  whenever i have to maintain my composure like that , i try to remember the last set of autopsy photos i viewed at work . 
  holy shit i have that same tapestry in my room . 
  i actually got it after the first time i did shrooms . 
  i was ^ such ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ stupid ^ ^ ^ ^ kid, 
  probably the adx in florence co. . home to such infamous offenders as ted kaczynski and terry nichols . 
  it 's basically a place out of a comic book , where supervillians sit in concrete cells for 23 hours a day . 
  great point . 
  though it 's impossible to give a numerical rating to reasonable doubt . 
  generally during jury instructions the judge will explain that reasonable doubt is anything which would make a reasonable person doubt the defendant 's guilt , or which would make a reasonable person hesitate in the graver matters of life . 
  yup . 
  civil liability was found by default judgment . 
  no burden was met . 
  i have the exact same helmet . 
  i love the blue and orange look !, 
  - cannabis, 
  - mac, 
  - cheese, 
  i was pretty severely depressed for almost 6 years and i attribute most of my recovery to my first shroom trip . 
  it was an absolutely incredible experience and profoundly transformative . 
  i 've been almost completely depression-free for a near now , and while i still occasionally feel down for a day or two , i am absolutely a different person than before i tripped . 
  some asshole came prepared with a square taper crank puller tool . 
  i hope he gets caught . 
  future lawyer here . 
  i smoke a decent bit . 
  i work for an actual lawyer right now , who also smokes . 
  so do a lot of the people in the law organization i work for . 
  and yes , i made that intentionally ambiguous . 
  certainly the type of law we do requires you to find some way of unwinding . 
  when you do n't get to chose your clients and you sometimes end up on the bad guys ' side , the going can get tough . 
  i would n't trade it for anything though . 
  and yes your comment made lots of sense, 
  bakke vs. university of california regents et al. 
  that 's actually completely false, 
  edit : why are people downvoting me ? 
  i live in dc and i climb hills all day . 
  where 's all this hate coming from ? 
  yep . 
  i beg to differ . 
  maybe civil is slow ( god i hate civil ) but criminal is a wild ride . 
  i 'm an defense investigator and i sit in on trials that i 've done investigations for ( if i 'm not going to be called as a witness , of course . 
  they 're usually absolutely fantastic . 
  sure , voir dire is the worst thing ever , but i 've seen brutal cross examinations that left witnesses in tears , gruesome crime scene photos of stabbing victims , police testimony , impassioned closings , experts getting torn apart , and a confession of guilt by a government witness . 
  it 's amazing every time . 
  nope . 
  engine braking works by restricting flow to the intake manifold , thereby forcing the piston to create a vacuum in the cylinder on the intake stroke , which slows the engine . 
  compression release braking , which is what the jacobs does , has a rocker arm on the cylinder head that opens all of the exhaust valves on the compression stroke , so the compressed air in the cylinder stops pushing on the piston on the combustion stroke . 
  you know it, 
  fuck outta here with that caiman, 
  / r/evenwithcontext, 
  fool me once , fool me twice ... fool me chicken soup with rice . 
  nice username, 
  well i found the bottom right pretty quickly . 
  now for the other three . 
  are those two white tubes part of the same item/connected to each other ? 
  no doubt . 
  excellent . 
  i 'm selling an rm01 with full ultegra . 
  pm for deets . 
  no problem . 
  thought i 'd put it out there :, 
  plug for / r/dishonored2, 
  it was a fowl . 
  they 're both playing characters, 
  the house was popularized ? 
  looks like oscar the grouch is getting another dui, 
  qualifying foreign law practice ? 
  no , i was just guessing . 
  they have a very similar lanky orangutan but it has a different nose . 
  this may be a three-way tie . 
  public defender . 
  hvala anyway !, 
  awesome . 
  i 'll hit you up for sure . 
  hvala !, 
  when i 'm riding my bicycle , i always greet flaggers or give them high fives . 
  what a shitty job . 
  step 1 ) be attractive, 
  step 2 ) do n't be unattractive, 
  i 'm staying until mid june , so i think we 'll miss each other by a few days . 
  i guess i 'm a quarter serbian and a quarter croatian , but when i 'm in serbia i 'm half serbian . 
  baby on board !,
