  even a wood floor is comfortable when you 've eaten 3 grams of mush . 
  they last forever , look fantastic , feel fantastic , run smoothly , and get style points . 
  that too . 
  correct !, 
  crank is wonderful . 
  frame is drilled for both brakes . 
  it 's quite stiff and it handles hard acceleration and skids very nicely . 
  also style points, 
  i 'm a straight dude and i think you 're good looking . 
  do n't be too hard on yourself , my friend . 
   there are plenty of guys out there who love to go down on women . 
  as one of these guys , i can confirm this . 
  i just ca n't see what there is to dislike about it . 
  if you think your kids are going to become drug dealers because of an action figure , you probably need to raise your kids better . 
  a little learning is a dangerous thing, 
  drink deep or taste not the pierian spring, 
  where shallow droughts intoxicate the brain, 
  and drinking largely sobers us again . 
  bicycles, 
  oh my god . 
  it 's a banana for scale . 
  amazing . 
  do you mind expanding a little on that question ? 
  i can probably answer once you give me a better sense of what you want to know . 
  let 's think a little more critically here . 
  a job that pays well generally requires some sort of higher learning . 
  most people without a college degree can not get a job that pays more than minimum wage . 
  a college degree is not cheap . 
  as much as i appreciate the american educational system that requires people to pay for their own schooling instead of dipping into the pockets of others , it needs to be understood that someone earning minimum wage can not afford to pay for their own education . 
  whether the prospect of earning good money incentivizes people to gain new skills or not , some people simply ca n't afford to educate themselves . 
  how are you supposed to `` learn more job skills '' if you can barely afford to eat , much less educate yourself ? 
  what we need in this country is to evolve into a system where people vote with their money and give their money to companies that treat their workers equitably , and thereby encourage companies to be conscientious in the way they pay their workers . 
  that would effectively raise the de facto minimum wage without a government mandate . 
  pay your workers well = get more money from consumers . 
  look at this article from usa today : [ container store pays workers on average $ 50,000 ] ( http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2014/10/17/container-store-salaries-retail/17426865/ ) . 
  this is an example of how companies paying their workers well ( without being forced to ) can actually bring that company more money . 
  just my opinion . 
  feel free to argue a counterpoint . 
  anecdotes = / = statistics , but i applaud your hard work and grit all the same . 
  i feel like my phone is a portal connecting me back to my real life , and i trip to take a break from real life so i really do n't like having my phone on me . 
  i usually turn it off , and then i start to think about how a small thing plays such a large role in my life , and how amazing it is that the entire wealth of human knowledge can be found through it , but i do n't ever turn it on . 
  `` your darkness is shining , my darkness is shining, 
  have faith in myself '', 
  can you post a diagram ? 
  some dude posted a picture of himself in a suit and tie with a caption something like `` well hello there '', 
  that 's my bmc rm01 , 
  damn , 38:16 ? 
  do you climb mountains all day ? 
  maybe even vertical surfaces . 
  most likely imma die with my finger on the daedric sword of flames, 
  sounds like drinking culture has a cycling problem, 
   it looks like she 's trying to smuggle a raccoon . 
  my sides are on fire, 
   i , two , struggle with homophones, 
  ftfy, 
  same here !, 
  i would do a decent amount of shrooms . 
  / r/objectivism, 
  you need continental gatorskin hardshells . 
  those fuckers will roll for months . 
  it 's the glossy grey . 
  it just looks black . 
  breaking bad season 4 finale . 
  lily of the valley . 
  the real question is : how far does it squish ? 
  interesting , thank you !, 
  but ... muh slaves !, 
  obviously my philosophy of individual liberty , non-coersion , self-reliance and pacifism makes me a slave owner . 
  when i tell people i 'm an objectivist , they look at me like i just told them i 'm a nazi cannibal . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
   it 's when you say one thing but fuck your mother . 
  what do you mean , that walt did n't do it ? 
  that 's because he * did * do the thing . 
  spoiler alert !!!, 
  walt used an extract of lily of the valley to poison brock , and then he got jesse to believe that gus poisoned brock to turn jesse on walt . 
  that way , walt got jesse to help him kill gus . 
  this is correct, 
  if he hits a pothole , that shit 's going to fold in half . 
  shit son , you 're in for an adventure . 
  have fun , dude . 
  sure , let 's just give prisoners guns and send them into a militia . 
  arming violent offenders and is sure to alleviate crime rates . 
  what are you even asking , op ? 
  i ca n't imagine why they would bother buying a fleshlight of all toys . 
  rip, 
  wait , is that app at the bottom left designed to tell him which direction to face for prayer ? 
  that 's so cool !, 
  you think someone would do that ? 
  just go on the internet and tell lies ? 
  probably fish guts . 
  the fishermen sort their catch at the dock early in the morning and throw the unwanted stuff into the water . 
  source : croat, 
  or reporters , for that matter ? 
  damn , thats two blocks from my house . 
  i need to go look for that car so i can drool over it . 
  m street . 
  saudis in audis all day . 
  that seems like a subtle way of saying that you can smoke weed in there . 
  for fuck 's sake , why is it a tradition for every single mayor to be caught up in a corruption scandal ? 
  why ca n't we have a single honest politician ?
