  as for self-sacrifice , even the individualist may choose to give his own life , because doing so constitutes the fulfillment of his self-designated purpose . 
  basically : `` i will die , but in doing so , i will spend my last moment on earth in an act of heroism , the prospect of which gives me satisfaction . '', 
  in this way , contributing to the collective and acting in one 's rational self-interest are not always mutually exclusive . 
  another way of looking at it is a simple equation : if i fall on this grenade , i will die , but if i do n't , we will all die . 
  objectively , if you 're choosing between one death and many deaths , one death seems more favorable . 
  in this case , sacrificing one 's life is actually a most rational and calculated action . 
  i hope this answers some of your questions . 
  this makes me really uncomfortable . 
  you ca n't see the handlebars ? 
  did you tell him to suq madiq ? 
  google it and there will be a million explanations . 
  first , you need to buy bitcoins . 
  these can be purchased through any number of online retailers . 
  then , find a bitcoin tumbler and put your bitcoins through it . 
  then , make an account on silk road , find the vendor , and place your order . 
  do not tell them your name , only your address . 
  check on / r/darkwebmarkets or / r/silkroad for more info . 
  be careful out there . 
  link for the lazy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duejnfjyn2i, 
  these are awesome !, 
  also the first 7 all look like vaginas . 
  still awesome though . 
   one billion, 
  what, 
  this is absolutely adorable . 
  she seems like a great person . 
  good luck , op . 
  if you 're against us , we hate you . 
  if you 're with us ... we also hate you . 
  i 'm 6 ' 2 '' and the girl i 'm dating is 5 ' 4 '' . 
  i have to bend down to kiss her , and she has to stand on her toes . 
  it 's adorable . 
  he 's talking about his town and the local land ownership , but it 's hard to tell because he has no teeth and is talking through a cigarette . 
  i think only one of them can be behind . 
  my parents did the same thing to me , so i ended up buying them from a friend . 
  my sat score went up 150 points . 
   all over soh fury shit jih ` ej drown, 
  i rode an rs-x and it was the most comfortable bike i 've ever ridden . 
  it was stiffer laterally than my carbon road bike and more compliant too . 
  i 'm actually thinking of buying one . 
  this is correct . 
  as a speaker of all three , i would liken it to the difference between german and swiss german ( schweisse deutsch ? ), 
  or english and shakespearean early modern english . 
  it 's verifiable . 
  boo did materials testing on their frames and determined that their qualities were measurably different than those of most carbon frames . 
  i 'll see if i can find proof . 
  i 'm not sure if you forgot that hobbes is n't real . 
  he 's just a stuffed toy . 
  everything he says is a figment of calvin 's imagination . 
  i 'm so meta , even this acronym . 
  do n't take it too seriously . 
  it was probably just a gag gift . 
  this is true . 
  i ride 46-14 and some people i know ride even harder . 
  i know a guy who rides 59-15 . 
  i do n't understand how he even, 
  yes , i guess i was thinking of early modern . 
  pardon the confusion . 
  this bamboo was chosen for it 's consistency and predictable properties . 
  i spent a day with the owner of boo and grilled him about the brand . 
  boo uses specially selected bamboo from vietnam . 
  * first-degree murder, 
  as shown , somewhere between 6k and 8k . 
  good call . 
  the s-works venge is one of the nicest bikes that specialized makes . 
  couple that with the 404s and this is one sweet ride . 
  wait . 
  hold the phone . 
  is that ultegra 6700 ? 
  that groupset that came out in 2011 . 
  and a 105 5700 rear mech ? 
  neither of those groupsets belong anywhere near a brand new s-works venge . 
  this is obviously a frankenbike that someone put together when the frame and wheels broke their budget . 
  1/10 does not pass the snob test . 
  dude , throw a 6800 on it and it 'll be absolutely stunning . 
  ah , another fg nyc reader . 
  sounds like a fucking terrible public defender . 
   the train stopped stations away from my stop . 
  i forgot the line closes early . 
  i can narrow it down to 2 or 3 . 
  [ that 's a lockring wrench . 
  ] ( http://www.missinglinkschool.com/images/product/spr_hcw_17.png ), 
  you get gold because we need more 200lb bearded tattooed assholes teaching people to be respectful of our planet . 
  yep , that was my first thought . 
  [ street view for comparison . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@38.8977913,-77.0336409,3a,75y,41.02h,80.66t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1s3chn0fxytuf6f0_j8giouw!2e0 ), 
  yes . 
  as far as i know , the trek \u00c9monda slr takes the cake . 
  if you 're completely mad , you can swap out the brakes and crank for ones made by thm . 
  i do n't see the difference, 
  based on the number plate , i think this took place in or near split , croatia . 
  that 's probably from having the wind knocked out of him . 
  the rear end of the cervelo is so stiff that you could ride it without the seatstays . 
  they 're just there for a bit of extra lateral stiffness . 
  they 're hardly even load-bearing . 
  they can smell your cum, 
  no , i think everyone smells your cum the same way . 
  i know . 
  i 've done it . 
  it is !,
