  a jake brake is compression release braking , which is different than engine braking . 
  not all trucks have one , though . 
  diesels can engine brake without one . 
  xaphoon jones , ryan lewis , el-p . all white dudes . 
  op delete this fuckin post bro, 
  if the prosecution finds it , you 're fucked . 
  yes . 
  i worked in the justice system and i know for a fact that disclosures over social media are constantly used against defendants . 
  be smart . 
  delete this post , and your account . 
  this is your life and liberty at stake . 
  just remember to always always always be honest with your defense attorney , never talk to the police , never talk to the prosecution without your attorney present , never agree to inform in exchange for leniency , and never say anything about the case to anyone , as any of your friends could get hit with subpoenas . 
  do not discuss the case over text or email . 
  do not go back to selling weed , and make sure to stay 100 % out of trouble for the next few years , as you can have certain felonies expunged from your record under the federal youth corrections act if you play your cards right . 
  if you ca n't afford an attorney , you will be given a public defender . 
  love your public defender . 
  cooperate with your public defender . 
  you can get through this and you can recover . 
  best of luck , my man . 
  yep , you contracted a condition known as a cold . 
  this is not at all related to sex . 
  you should be good in a few days . 
  have fun with your so !, 
  no problem !, 
  and congrats , 
  serbian government logic . 
  the pax is $ 280 , while a comparable , and arguably even superior vape , the arizer air , is $ 150 . 
  just shop around before you throw down for a pax . 
  could be the chain catching on the front d\u00e9railleur cage or it could be at the back , maybe a badly adjusted b-screw where the chain catches on itself between the cassette and the upper d\u00e9railleur pulley . 
  also could be pitted or un-lubricated hub bearings , so maybe try different wheels and see what happens . 
  does it happen when you coast or only when you pedal ? 
  pedal bearings ? 
  but i 'd try a different rear wheel first !, 
  he chose a poor line . 
  something must have happened further back that caused him to go left instead of coming into the turn on the outside and clipping the apex like a racing driver . 
  nobody should take a turn on the line this guy was taking . 
  this . 
  rand paul is regarded by norml as the most pro-pot candidate currently running . 
  planes do this crazy thing where they generate lift, 
  the thing is , that would require a new hub . 
  a hub that 's designed for a cassette is a completely different hub than one designed for a freewheel . 
  so you might as well change the wheel at that point . 
   us airline deregulation just resulted in a race to the bottom and turned the domestic carriers into shit . 
  i did n't realize flight attendants were only friendly by government mandate !, 
  i do n't give a flying fox . 
  man , fuck prosecutors . 
  they 're one of the main reasons i 'm on my way to becoming a public defender . 
  dimethyltryptamine , 
  sometimes i feel like i 'm the only person who loves that book . 
  that 's a super duper logically sound argument if i 've ever seen one . 
  holy shit you 're a dense mother fucker, 
  dude the good vibes on this subreddit are out of this world . 
  i love you all . 
  yep . 
  specifically this is the nosecone of the port side pratt and whitney j-58 engine . 
  this warrants a warrant, 
  i had $ 138 cause i ca n't math . 
  changed it immediately , 
  you 're right . 
  new round at xx :36, 
  sorry i 'm late , y' all . 
  college wifi has no chill . 
  + correct, 
  damn , son . 
  penn and h !, 
  i miss my city . 
  mind quickly sharing how you got it ? 
  rue ben assila, 
  new round at xx :30, 
  sorry , that 's not it . 
  a year is fine . 
  nope , sorry . 
  + correct, 
  well done !, 
  yep , it is n't a well-known building , even amongst locals . 
  congrats on figuring it out !, 
  it 's the washington canoe club at 3700 water street nw , washington dc . 
  built in 1904 . 
  fort corcoran is right across the river , so you 'd be looking at it in this picture . 
  badger, 
  fox, 
  yep !, 
  go for 105 if it 's the 5800 generation . 
  honestly this hella sucks, 
  i 'm dying, 
  all of your classmates secretly hope that your dad does n't own any guns . 
  how much did they pay you to be the model for the npcs in morrowind ? 
  oh man , i love that song . 
  thanks for being a good sport . 
  i could n't finish it . 
  the dogs got to me . 
  i still ca n't stand the thought of playing it again . 
  lol . 
  tougher on crime . 
  just what we need in america . 
  i had an antares and it was an instrument of torture . 
  got an aliante and never looked back . 
  waterfront park at wisco and and k , or georgetown harbor . 
  dude almost lost his hand between the rollcage and the ground, 
  swarthmore checking in .
