  yes . 
  that 's a brand name i have n't heard in a long time . 
  it brings back so many dangerous memories . 
  my friend and i built an 11-foot long potato cannon that had a range of more than a football field . 
  when we fired it the first time , the potato got stuck so instead of firing the potato , it fired its own barrel about thirty feet . 
  glad i could brighten your day, 
  yes , in theory . 
  oh in-deeed, 
  split ? 
  wait what ? 
  do they have a dura-ace reel ? 
  it 's a good thing they 're good architects , because they ca n't speak for shit . 
  no , they all use this horrible , tortured , broken english with a smattering of important-sounding words to make up for it . 
  the assistant professor used the phrase '' ... not as a way to exude their prowess , but to get at a particular formal agenda '', 
  that 's hardly a real sentence . 
  i do n't even know what thought he 's trying to get thorough . 
  it 's terrible diction , no matter how you look at it . 
  if you want the bones , try to put lye on it to break down the flesh . 
  wrap it in plastic too . 
  i like your comment , but i still feel that he uses needlessly trumped-up vocabulary that sounds awkward and self-important . 
  he speaks like someone who has learned a lot of big words , but not the context in which they 're meant to be used . 
  now that 's a familiar tool . 
  i used one about 7 times a day in my bike mechanic days . 
  serious question : why not a morphine overdose ? 
  you 're guaranteed not to cause the prisoner any pain , and it ensures that at least the prisoner 's last moments are warm and comfortable . 
  please let this be real, 
  the defense calls ... ghostbusters . 
  the jury foreperson can write notes to the judge during deliberation and the judge writes back . 
  usually , these communications are an opportunity for the jury to inquire about precedent or the admissibility of certain bits of evidence . 
  also , there is no requirement that the way each person voted be kept secret . 
  attorneys frequently conduct polls of the jury and ask what each juror 's position is . 
  this usually only happens after a hung jury , because a verdict has to be unanimous so there should be no split in the jury when there 's a verdict . 
  i do n't think you meant to post this here . 
  naw he texted me this morning, 
  i never realized until now that the wire opens and closes with jimmy mcnulty . 
  maybe even agg assault . 
  crosses fingers . 
  close enough . 
  yo fuck exactly everything about this, 
  you could probably stand inside the differential . 
  what up , m street ? 
  everything by rob english . 
  also please say hi to nick from boo bicycles . 
  why not zoidberg ? 
  ayyy i got that too . 
  got rejected from three ivys though . 
  yaaassss, 
  do it !, 
  haha i feel like i probably know you, 
  drops all day, 
  incredibly proud of the dc public defender service for this victory . 
  although i may be biased ... 
  i love this line, 
  this is oc . 
  please stop triggering me . 
  [ are you me ? 
  we have almost the same bike . 
  thank you !, 
  i generally ride brakeless but i rock a brake for fast rides or alleycats . 
  i do n't use it but it 's there . 
  i took it off for the photos though . 
  damn , really ? 
  i 'm flattered . 
  where are you from ? 
  shameless plug for / r/dishonored2, 
  the rush only has one set of bottle cage bosses , on the seat tube . 
  aw rats . 
  i 'm from dc . 
  i was hoping we could go for a cruise on our matching bikes . 
  are you fucking stupid ? 
  i speak croatian . 
  yes but what about the other words in the song ? 
  what about the description , which is clearly written in serbo-croatian ? 
  it 's all yours !, 
  judging by the stickers that say `` lemond '' and `` zurich '' , i would hazard a guess that this is a lemond zurich . 
  you should probably have it set up so the spare click is the second one , just how you had it before . 
  you should set the front derailleur limit screw so that you ca n't even make a second click because the derailleur reaches its limit after the second . 
  take it to your lbs if you can . 
  also , i do n't think that will damage the mechanism in any way . 
  seems strange that you would comment on the song then, 
   reporting for booty, 
  clarkson , you * cock * !, 
  you can put that little right front coin pocket to good use . 
  dae white people suck ???? 
  for smoking weed , er , tobacco ? 
  what about the homicide part ? 
  what, 
  village arts and crafts on wisco, 
  campy went to a four arm design this year . 
  and no , you ca n't use a five-arm crank on it , nor can you do so on shimano . 
  i 'm fucking crying, 
  dat limited slip differential, 
  yep , i mean a five-bolt chainring , but there 's no cross compatibility, 
  it 's good to be skeptical . 
  i 'm basing that on the fact that the bolts on a 5-bolt chainring are equidistant , whereas the bolts on a 4-bolt chainring are not . 
  buy a better stem, 
  i 'm petty sure most women do n't shave their arms . 
  judy is a bro . 
  i do feel the need to point out that this is not a part of the criminal justice system , but rather civil arbitration . 
  i immediately recognized this as being owned by the same person as that slr02 that popped up a few weeks ago , and the blue tarmac before that .
