  we had to return ; we had to get an armored vehicle . '', 
  read more here : http://www.mcclatchydc.com/2013/10/14/205341/videos-contradict-medal-of-honor.html#storylink=cpy, 
  and god help us if dakota meyer gets elected for anything . 
  swenson is standing on an exposed piece of flat ground with an orange flag as he signals his position to pilot cwo jason penrod . 
  as the helo lands , swenson , capt. 
  ademola fabayo and mcclatchy reporter jonathan landay carry sfc kenneth westbrook over the wall behind which they had been hiding , and into the helo . 
  the group had been taking fire from the camera 's left , and sfc westbrook had been shot through the neck and shoulder as he returned fire . 
  swenson applied simple medical treatment to westbrook as he called in air support and returned fire with his m4 and a grenade . 
  in gunner sgt. 
  kevin duerst 's video , swenson can be seen leaning in to kiss westbrook on the head as he leaves to continue fighting . 
  not as good as the tarmac , but still handles incredibly well . 
  except ... not really . 
  at all . 
  \\ # 15 is giving me some trouble . 
  obviously the author does not understand correlation vs. causation . 
  does he/she really believe that you will earn a higher salary when you ride ? 
  it 's more likely that many decide to take up cycling because they live in cities , where bikes are more convenient . 
  and because city jobs tend to pay better than rural jobs , you see a correlation between salary and bike ownership . 
  rip that guy 's hands . 
  nah , specialized has some really cool paint options for the crux , tarmac and venge, 
  [ peter griffin 's bunker bustin ' mega ultra super ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekvgudb6otc ), 
  showed this to my friend . 
  now whenever i ask him if he wants to smoke i say `` come over here in the grass , man '', 
  that was beautiful . 
  ooh , i know an ex-seal who served in vietnam . 
  i 'll talk to him, 
  solid work . 
  thanks for the story !, 
  just for the record , i may later submit my own writing to my own prompt . 
  is that bad ? 
  i need this in hi-res so i can change my mom 's wallpaper to this . 
  i love that ending . 
  i never viddied it coming . 
  submitting my own because why not . 
  but first , an explanation . 
  you see , i decided to take a few snippets of the other stories submitted here and work them into my own . 
  so , uh ... 
  i hope nobody is bothered by that . 
  i just thought i 'd pay homage to the other commenters ' work . 
  as i wake up , sickly orange light creeps into my room , casting long shadows on the yellowed walls . 
  the sky is so polluted that i can not judge the time of day . 
  on our dying planet , we exist neither in light nor shadow , but cower in a diseased penumbra . 
  i roll over to the edge of the bed and put my feet on the floor . 
  as i make my way to the window , the floor under my feet groans in feeble sympathy . 
  four floors down , three sooty children are sitting in a doorway . 
  the oldest one , no more than thirteen , inhales deeply from a small hand-rolled cigarette . 
  it 's hard to get real cigarettes anymore , so the lower class smokes grubs , which are cheap cigs made from leftover tobacco clippings that the factories sell in string-bound bales . 
  not many people live like this , though . 
  the administration keep everyone pacified , so most people can live comfortably . 
  unfortunately , this was the only place i could go . 
  for twenty-one years , i played by their rules . 
  i became an officer , climbed the ranks , and served without question . 
  they adorned my grey uniform with medals , insignia and flags . 
  i found myself a complacent cog in their spiteful machine , but i saw nothing wrong . 
  then , two winters ago , i happened upon a dirty , tattered bundle of paper in the ruins of a building we had destroyed . 
  the book was a woeful sight ; little more than parched pages bound in cardboard . 
  yet when i later delved into the decrepit tome , what i found amazed and terrified me . 
  it told of a past when people were not afraid , when free thinkers were admired and the people who spoke out were not beaten into silent submission . 
  the urgency and fear was palpable , and the words invaded my consciousness and wrapped themselves around my brain . 
  clutching those pages that had been forged in desperation , i was crushed by guilt . 
  as i uncovered a past i had never known existed , i realized i had been complacent in a system that stifled intellectuality and individualism , substituting instead mindless entertainment and consumerism . 
  the machine had set to work mechanizing , homogenizing , and computerizing . 
  those in power wanted to make sure it stayed that way . 
  other nations could n't take away our liberties if we did n't have any to begin with . 
  for a long time , i thought about destroying the book , reasoning that it was too dangerous to keep . 
  i imagined holding my pocket lighter to the book and letting the brilliant tongue of flame lap at the pages until they curled and turned black . 
  instead , i kept it hidden at home . 
  it was dark when the came for me . 
  i do n't know how they found the book , but i knew then that i should have destroyed it . 
  they knew i understood the system , and they were afraid of what i was going to do . 
  i was accused of plotting to overthrow the administration , and put on a truck headed to a prison camp . 
  cast out of my comfortable career , fell to the level of a common criminal . 
  as per standard procedure , all prisoners were partially sedated for transport , so i can recall little of my escape . 
  as luck would have it , one of the guards assigned to my truck was a friend from my youth . 
  he turned his back while i dragged myself into the security of the forest and fell asleep under a pile of brush . 
  when i awoke , i found my way back to the city and took refuge in the industrial sector . 
  i dared go no further into the filthy metropolis , so i opted to find a room in an old railroad workers ' high-rise . 
  once occupied by steel workers , the concrete monoliths now stand half-abandoned , a bleak testament to the city 's once-thriving industry . 
  now , as i maneuver to soak up the noonday sun , i am well into my second year of living in this grimy hell . 
  though i miss the comfort of my previous occupation , i do anything i can to make the best of my current predicament . 
  i make a living doing repairs in the building , which means i do n't have to risk being seen by cameras and drones . 
  even so , i leave my apartment with little fear because i do n't think anybody bothered to expand the surveillance system to this part of town . 
  someone must have reasoned that nothing ever happens here . 
  ordinarily , they would be right . 
  we meet at yuri 's house as the sun set over the wastelands . 
  seven of us huddle around a plastic table in the basement for the fourth time this month . 
  we represent a few hundred like-minded individuals who have grown weary of being pacified and silenced . 
  few of us at the table get along , but our common predicament unites us . 
  we were all once successful within the administration , or so everyone claims . 
  these days , nobody tells the truth . 
  ideas were tossed around at previous meetings , each greeted with support from some members of the assembled party and derision from others . 
  there was never a reason to delude ourselves into thinking that a cold and drunk group of misfits could orchestrate a rebellion , so we discarded that suggestion weeks ago . 
  instead , we opted to take a more circuitous route to unleashing chaos . 
  today , our plan has come together . 
  united against a common enemy , citizens are less likely to be bothered by the trespasses of their own government against them . 
  to fully capitalize on this , the administration ensured that it was in a state of perpetual conflict with any and all possible foreign nations . 
  as the last oil fields began to dry up , the administration moved its armies into a standoff with the pacific federation . 
  the whole world stood on high alert , the leaders of each blood-thirsty nation ready to send other people 's children to their untimely deaths . 
  tonight , there will be a ball at the home of the governor . 
  instead of wine , the barrels delivered today are filled with a potent explosive .
