  no , it 's pretty wrong . 
  source : actual real-life bicycle mechanic . 
  out in the west texas town of el paso ... 
  dat time doe, 
  has anyone ever been as far even as to go to do to look more like ? 
  wow , / u/stickleyman commented on my post . 
  i 'm so honored . 
  there was a guy called / u/stuporcollider with the same type of issues . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  * hugs *, 
  good for you . 
  i hope you fucked him ( ? ), 
  for anyone wondering , i know / u/anonymous123421 irl and most of our conversations go like this anyway . 
  il hook you in the gabber , cunt . 
  do hallucinogens , explore the mind . 
  y-y-you too . 
  welcome to dc , you poor bastard . 
  my friend and i were tripping on lsd the other day and he told me i look like the eiffel tower . 
  a prius in my neighborhood has the tag dat mpg . 
  rip . 
  zyzz died for our gains . 
  it 's the ciiiiiircle of liiiiiiife, 
  awwww , thanks ? 
  the closest thing outside has to fast travel is a means of transportation that allows your character to rest and wake up in a new location ( i.e. 
  plane , overnight train ) . 
  otherwise , it 's slow travel all the way . 
  pshhhh sounds like your character just needs to get the balls perk . 
  that 's true , i guess your character is just being reasonable . 
  i do n't know about the rest of the us , but in dc it 's legal . 
  perspective , how the fuck does it work ? 
  what 's the song from the video ? 
  yup , i had quandos and the same shit happened . 
  i skidded and completely annihilated the cog threads . 
  are you me ?? 
  there 's one in dc . 
  if you 're ever in the area , come check it out . 
  yes . 
  some wonky bike with a bent top tube . 
  usa . 
  dc to be exact . 
  you ? 
  and what kind of bike was it ? 
  nice . 
  if you ever come to dc we can ride our shitty bikes together . 
  i would love to . 
  maybe one day , / u/gusjns . 
  wooo , me too !, 
  what 's wrong with the derailleur hanger ? 
  hehehe, 
  actually , it does n't . 
  op can make that decision on their own . 
  you forgot how physics works . 
  brakes are a useful feature for beginners , but are fairly superfluous to the experienced rider . 
  still , it 's a debate that will never be settled , and it 's ultimately up to you . 
  that being said , brakeless is cool . 
  ja zivim u sad , al radim u trgovini za bicikle . 
  coooo ^ oooo ^ oooock, 
  bollocks . 
  what a colossal waste of flowers . 
  the land and water used to grow these things could have been used to grow food . 
  do you think those were grown there ? 
  probably in a field , instead of occupying a large area of open space in a city . 
  no slr01 ? 
  i 've heard it 's a better ride than the impec . 
  last ones ? 
  are they done making them ? 
  and what 's ep for a frameset ? 
  ebay , local used bike facebook pages , friends , chinese knockoffs, 
  employee price . 
  what you pay . 
  that 's a great point . 
  i work at a bmc dealership so out of curiosity , would you mind pming me ? 
  i asked at work about employee pricing a few weeks ago but i could n't get a straight answer from the bosses . 
  i 'm looking for a new bike so i 'd love to know what price i 'd be looking at . 
  let 's make it happen . 
  stop right there , criminal scum . 
  oh my god , fucking dishonored is my favorite game of all time . 
  i would give anything to forget it and replay it . 
  it 's the first game that truly pulled me in , to the point that i went around whistling `` the drunken whaler '' for weeks on end . 
  the world design , the characters , the powers : all of it is just so damn perfect . 
  i ca n't wait for the sequel . 
  the idea is that the upward motion of the seatstays causes the seat tube to flex forward , rather than transfer force upward into the rider . 
  i think air france 447 counts as a disappearance , although it was found a few years later . 
  `` shut up and go back to sleep , cunt . '', 
  jim,
