turkey is generally better than eastern eu in terms of wages . 
  but mainly because these comments are basically spam at this pointb, 
  no , we are aware we are not europeans , geographically and culturally . 
  but we want you to acknowledge that turkey is an important part of european politics , trade etc. 
  also term european is the main issue . 
  what is european ? 
  why is cyprus considered in europe for example when island was a part of anatolian mainland . 
  if cyprus and malta are geographically european than you need go include turkey in europe too , same can be said about georgia and armenia being considered european . 
  i only downvoted this because when something happens about kurds , it is posted and nobody says kurdish majority cities are not in europe . 
  but when something good even in literally european turkey happens , there is atleast 2 comments saying turkey is n't in europe . 
  yeah we are not . 
  just do n't forget it in post shitting on turkey . 
  that 's what he wants . 
  everyone is related by blood , that 's my point . 
  no one is native . 
  just because you were here 500 , 5000 years ago does n't make you native . 
  we are related to apes too , what does that make them ? 
  related by history ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  religion ? 
  maybe that 's one thing you can argue you are related but that makes you christian europeans , as there is no christianity 2000 years ago and there are non european christians . 
  that 's a retarded logic . 
  everyone is invader . 
  turks and english are 500 year apart from invading turkey and england . 
  they been saying there will be an earthquake in the next 15 years since 1999, 
  he is talking about islands that were n't in specified in agreements . 
  they are close to our mainland and their ownership have n't been agreed upon . 
  but it is mainly a dare to erdogan 's government since they talk like they made turkey glorious and we are the strongest , and he is calling their shit by saying what about those islands . 
  he is saying turks have been in balkans longer than settler americans were in america, 
  did you know that half of the country is women ? 
  it is , literally, 
  lol again . 
  erdo\u011fan did n't do these . 
  lol, 
   it used to be illegal to speak kurdish in turkey yes , used to . 
  they can now , as it is their right to speak . 
   non-muslims had to pay higher income taxes ( varl\u0131k vergisi ) a couple years in wwii, 
  yeah well they were n't turks . 
  turks were n't muslim back then also, 
  what is in 722 ? 
  not because it is not a turkish word , because it meant something different in turkish as you said . 
  you are talking about governments though , and ypg , not kurds again . 
  it was really bad for kurds , nobody can deny that and i am happy that they got the rights they were denied just 2 decades ago . 
  but you are saying turks see all kurds as pkk , which is false . 
  there are more than 2 million kurds living in istanbul right now , you would think such a big number should give you a hint that kurds that do n't support pkk are normal citizens in the eyes of government and people . 
  and of course there are racist people . 
  maybe more than europe is used to , certanly not more than america . 
  except only proof you got is `` surviving armenians said '' . 
  other proofs of `` genocide '' does n't point to a genocide . 
  does n't matter what you think of pkk , nobody says kurds are all pkk , it is an important thing here . 
  erdo\u011fan has a narrative saying that pkk is not kurds , but atheists/armenians ( that propaganda goes back to before him but he uses it ) and kurds are good citizens and muslims . 
  so no . 
  lol i just translated what you could n't understand , then explained their intentions . 
  of course i became `` people like me '', 
  general staff 's statement to those who say `` tsk shot civilians '' they were carrying weapons they are basically defending the army agains those who shit on it by saying they shot civilians . 
  they wrote general staff 's statement . 
  not unless they can back it up with solid evidence . 
  fucking hooligans everywhere . 
   they were being deported to be slaughtered this one you ca n't prove . 
  if armenians did n't flee to other countries , there would be an armenian reservation in syria , if turkey did n't lose syria . 
  pontics fled to greece too , rest was exchanged . 
  it does n't even suprise me that everyone that attacks atat\u00fcrk is greek . 
  i could have explained you why you are wrong if you had given me a normal answer , but instead you are making low-effort comments . 
  do n't spread lies . 
  `` k '' is all you got because you do n't know anything about turkey . 
  i already explained you what grey wolves are . 
  wikipedia is n't reliable in politics, 
   turkish nationality was built on the same ideology by the young turks no, 
  what you need to understand is grey wolves ' name in turkish is '' \u00dclk\u00fcc\u00fcler '' . 
  \u00dclk\u00fc means ideal , so everyone who identifies as a patriot and muslim is \u00dclk\u00fcc\u00fc , my mom included . 
  does n't mean they are racist and want to genocide every greek and armenian . 
  the ones you mention is mostly youth and have a mafia like structure . 
  it is mostly passive for a while . 
  no , kemalists were never in power after 1950s . 
  only time they held some power , they were in coalition with other parties . 
  i wonder why it is always greeks that shit on atat\u00fcrk and kemalists . 
  without anything to back up their claim, 
  what do you expect us to do ? 
  i know he does that and of course i am not okay with this . 
  even some of his supporters are being arrested . 
  but there is nothing we can do . 
   i asked for proof that those who are being arrested are guilty . 
  there is none . 
  to be fair , they all do some connection . 
  like , they have an account on the bank that belongs to the cult ( which is a bullshit excuse for arrest but my point is , they are not being choosen randomly ) . 
  and yes , he is using this `` coup '' to cleanse all opposition . 
  just last week , 900 judges were appointed , 800 were akp members . 
  most of them had like 50-60 points while they did n't appoint the ones with 90 points . 
  what kind of proof do you want ? 
  what possible proof i can show you of someone being in a cult ? 
  only thing we can be sure of is there were some g\u00fclenists who tried to do a coup . 
  while there is no proof linking g\u00fclen himself , you would be a fool to think they could do something like a coup without g\u00fclen 's approval . 
  not saying erdo\u011fan had nothing to do with it , i believe he is involed in some level . 
  do you not believe there is a g\u00fclenist cult in turkey when everyone in turkey says so ? 
  i have an experience with g\u00fclenists back in 2009 i think , abiler ( brothers , kind of normal educated persons who help children study and teach them islam , families think this is a good way for their children to be pious ) helped us study . 
  i have gone to their house maybe 5-6 times , for a few hours . 
  they had g\u00fclen 's book everywhere and spoke very highly of him . 
  they befriend you , help you and then make you read g\u00fclen 's books , after a while you will begin to see him as a saint or something . 
  they do this when you are a teenager so you believe them . 
  they help poor families , give them money so they can go to school .
