  how many of them really believes is one thing . 
  but i think more important question is : how many lives accordingly to the teachings ? 
  and that 's my point - most of these * `` catholics '' * just uses the religion as an excuse for everything they do n't like and as a mean for everything they want . 
  people who live as the bible says , who respect other people as the bible says , are rare . 
  russia is too big to be considered anything but * russia * . 
  and * russia * meaning enormous and diverse . 
  you , considering russia european , are telling some kid from siberia that they 're not really russian . 
  they may consider themselves something else first and then russian but how about we leave that choice to them , shall we ? 
  you would n't be able to distinguish [ just by look ] a russian from the west from a pole , as well as you would n't see the difference between a russian from the east and say a mongolian . 
  and yet these two russians have a common factor - * russian * . 
  [ edit : and i 'm not talking about race here . 
  at least not only . 
  there 's different look , enviroment , history , experience , religion , mindset - but they still have a common factor - the russian one . 
  take for comparison belarus and mongolia [ geographic extent ] and you have next to nothing in common . ], 
  in that terms i say russia is in its own class . 
  and its culture , however close to european in some aspects , is still distinctive . 
  various as views during the trans-siberian railway journey . 
  russia is in its own class , really . 
  totally agree . 
  seriously ? 
  i always thought that aznavour is like piaf , brel , sinatra , martin , presley , the beatles or queen - meaning well-known and well-loved * everywhere * . 
  on the other hand , i always assumed that an average frenchman has no idea about okudzhava , vysotsky or kaczmarski , so i guess we 're even . 
  by the way , okudzhava 's mother was armenian , i remembered that just now . 
  yeah , i 've been staring at the map for the past hour and i figured that this is an example where the border is more of an area than a line . 
  mainly because the seas are treated this way and this part of the land squeezed between them is quite tricky . 
  also , i wonder how is it that we as the europeans have so many different * views * as to where that border is . 
  i always assumed that there is one universal version that is taught throughout europe and that seems not to be the case . 
  i was taught , as follows : * the pechora river * the ural mountains * the emba river * the caspian sea * the caucasus mountains * the black sea * the bosphorus * the sea of marmara * the dardanelles how is it in other countries ? 
   maybe we should have a series of posts where people can write about the respective , preferably smaller , less known , countries of europe . 
  great idea !, 
  soad , oh yes . 
  tankian is one of my favorite voices ever . 
  also charles aznavour is of armenian origin . 
   geographically , no , since it 's further east than turkey whose `` europeanness '' is highly disputable . 
  the border between europe and asia runs through the caspian sea , then the caucasus mountains , and then the black sea , so everything between the seas is european . 
  holy shit . . 
  i think you 're right . 
  :( but it has to be pretty badass baboon if it could pass for a lion !, 
  right ? 
  seriously ? 
  the only one i had a problem with is the netherlands . 
  i 'm not sure about hungary but it dangerously resembles a potato ... 
  looks like sleeping lion 's head to me . 
  got a better idea ? 
  come to think of it , that might be because of the * sleeping * part . 
  so , basically , russia shits on our face even though we are a lion ? 
  croatia is my favorite . 
  i do n't know the exact procedures either but i 'm afraid the only problem was with the prosecutor being a moron who does not think on his own and ca n't prioritize . 
  even when there are rules a man 's life should come first when it 's at stake . 
  all it takes is to think . 
  so what if there 's more paperwork later . 
  yeah , i bet it 's because his textbook did n't say what to do with a face in such cases ( ca n't blame it , really ) and he was covering his ass , because idiots who do n't know that bureaucracy is for the people and not the other way around are our specialty . . and they 're breeding more and more idiots . 
  * rules are for the obedience of fools and the guidance of wise men . 
  because that 's where we keep our summer houses !, 
  lots of lakes and woods . 
  you forgot how it ended the last time they did ? 
  no , thanks . . , 
  among the others . 
   reading this made me happy . 
  same here  i hope i live to see that freedom in my country . 
  and i 'm not even gay . 
   second-largest cities in the various countries will often be a better choice to hang out in . 
  something about them  so true !, 
  europe ca n't afford war . 
  we 're broke and have enough problem as it is . 
  seriously . . 
  well , as history taught us , there 's a difference between a declaration of war and actually doing something, 
  til , thanks !, 
  well , do n't come to poland because what you wrote there could be used as an exact description of what 's happening here . 
  edit : we do n't have royals but the government is trying to royally f * ck us over so i guess it counts . 
  first reaction : poland big !, 
  aww ... and then i noticed i 'd be czech :d ambivalent feelings . 
  that 's because they do n't know that the opposite of love is n't hatred but indifference . 
  love and hatred are closely related . 
  polan trick yuo all . 
  polan yuo of genius !, 
  * the elephant in the room . 
  * and then there 's * germoney * , but we 're besties now . 
  and my favourite and the least obvious : the never-ending * polish-polish war * ... 
  czech 's looking good . 
  austria , points for arnie . 
  hi there , brother !, 
  if you ask polish kids about * winnie the pooh * they 'll stare at you but that 's just because he 's called * kubu\u015b puchatek * here . 
  you have great wine , we 're friends , and russia pisses you off as much as they do us , that 's bonding . 
  it always surprises me that people fail to recognize one simple thing : * alive people are more important than the dead ones . 
  * it really is that simple . 
  and i mean this with absolutely no disrespect to the dead . 
  it would be really to the contrary of everything that we should learn from the atrocities of ww2 to put the already dead before the still alive . 
   your central bank gold was saved before we could get hold of it we also had enough brains/luck to send it to the canadians who gladly gave it back right after the war . 
  i 've heard some have n't been that lucky and the safe place they put their money in became a new permanent home for it ... 
  i think romania had a problem with getting their gold back , but i 'm not sure 'cause reddit told me that one ... 
   they do n't clean old buildings ever you know nothing so why are you talking ? 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xlxai6v.jpg ) , first example from pozna\u0144 . 
  the other day i 've seen cleaning of some tenements in wroc\u0142aw . 
  maybe they do n't do it where you 're from , maybe they do n't do it enough , or often enough , maybe you have n't seen it yourself , maybe you have n't heard of it but to say that * they do n't do it ever * is just bullshit . 
  and because people like you , who have to say something even when they clearly do n't know what they 're talking about , most poles are convinced poland is a shithole where nothing ever gets done , and that everybody around have it better , brighter , richer , funnier ... and when various sources show that life here is constantly improving they say : * what ? 
  nooo . 
  we 're the worst ... * i 've been up since 5 a.m and before 7 i already managed to meet 5 complaining people ... in a shop , while walking a dog , neighbour , family ... holy crap , poles , why are you all always complaining . 
  here , that 's my complaint . 
  dear / u/skocznymroczny , it 's nothing personal , you just had the fortune to be one more complaining person i 've met today and i 've already had enough so this happened .
