  and there was no ad hominem on my part , just the truth , if you ca n't remember two simple words that are so obvious in this context then it 's not the add that 's at fault here . 
  i 'm not trying to be mean or anything but you said yourself that you watched this add two times and ca n't remember * safe bus * ... not to mention , you stated that most people are `` idiots '' and that your students are basically `` idiots '' too , and now you 're indignant that someone dares to think you are not the sharpest tool in the shed . 
  ** you say add has to be simple so that everyone , including not the brightest , could understand it , but then you bash it for simplifying things ? 
  that 's what adds do . 
  limited time . 
  varied viewers . 
  they need to boost the contrast . 
  good prince on a white horse . 
  evil one on a black one . 
  i said before to a british redditor that i do n't think being polish improves understanding of this video , but then that knowing about annual campaigns about safe traveling and faulty couches probably helps . 
  you do n't work in poland , you do n't live in poland , i take it . 
  did n't it occure to you that maybe you lack the context here ? 
  and experience . 
  honestly , all the assumptions you made in 3 . sound ridiculous to me . 
  as if you were trying really hard to find something so you could say it 's bad and wrong . 
  it 's obvious they wo n't destroy a bus just because someone reported it . 
  it 's no rocket science . 
  your further metaphore about young people vs. older people is just making things up in this context . 
  and i 'm not saying that is not a problem in poland . 
  but it 's not present in this add . 
  and i find it really disturbing that you are so keen to put there a problem that 's not there while you claim you do n't get `` the main point '' from the video . 
  suddenly you 're so perceptive you can see all the additional meanings , that may or may not be there , but fail to see the single main point ? 
  someone that observant should have no problem with understanding this add and remembering the adress . 
  unless they have a hidden agenda , that is . 
  and see it just fine but bash just for the sake of it . 
  so are you one of those who left poland and now all they 're interested in is saying how everything is wrong , bad and of ill intention here ? 
  because honestly , the fact that you seem to think it 's racism and old people that 's the subject of this conversation certainly makes it look like this . 
  ** you see racism in a campaign about safe travelling . 
  because some cartoon vehicle is * white * . 
  it is absolutely ridiculous . 
  when you see dark filthy bathtube and squeaky clean one in an add of some cleaning products you see racism there too ? 
  or dirty dishes vs. clean ones ? 
  or laundry ? 
  it 's all white , light , clean , shiny vs. black , dark , dirty , evil . 
  look at disney 's villains !, 
  that 's just simplification every add does so that it would be obvious . 
  again you say it 's not simple enough and then you do n't like things that make it simple . 
  and that 's not saying there 's no racism in poland , i know there is , i have an asian in the family so almost first hand experience . 
  here , my [ post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/28sd2g/polish_foreign_minister_caught_on_tape_saying/ciea7yc?context=3 ) from a few days earlier . 
  and that 's exactly the case here , too . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong but does anyone check the buses numbers when it pulls into the bus stop with the children ? 
  and since when such small kids travel by themselves ? 
  since when coaches that takes kids for summer vacation stop at bus stops ? 
  it 's not about a regular bus in the city . 
  it 's about bus that will take your kid from the tatras to the baltic and back . 
  this add 's main point is to catch your attention . 
  and at the end when you finally get to know what this is all about it an * aha !, 
  * moment . 
  i do n't think there 's a parent with school age kid in this country that did n't see/hear that unsafe coaches are a thing . 
  does n't matter old or new . 
  opening a page and entering a number is so easy and quick that most people will check even brand new bus just for the sake of it . 
  promoting tolerance and equality is not this add 's job . 
  there are separate ones for those purposes . 
  and if you actually tried to put it all in one add , and pull it off , it 'd fail miserably . 
  no one would probably understand . 
  you ca n't have it all at once . 
  i think this add is perfect for it 's target group , context and enviroment . 
  i linked you my explanation earlier . 
  and \u00e0 propos older people in hospitals in poland . 
  i have grandparents in their late eighties , for the past few years they 've been in hospitals on and off . 
  i live in a big city so we already had to do with five . 
  for all this time and people we 've met , only once happened an incident that the care they recived was n't as good as it should be . 
  and that was not this hospital 's thing , just one neglecting nurse . 
  once in a approx . 
  five years of being in hospital every few weeks . 
  it 's not nearly as bad as it is portrayed . 
  and we 're not some kinds of vips or rich . 
  we 're normal people . 
  as an afterthought , if you want something racist about this add , i 'd go for all the kids at the bus stop being white . 
  that would be racist in most places in the world , but it poland it 's really not because , let 's face it , 99 % actually are white . 
  white bus is just a white bus . 
  people usually do n't think about racism while looking at a vehicle . 
  you do n't have to answer me , i 'm also not looking forward to reading/writing any more `` novels '' , i 'd just like to know that you read it . 
  i think i put everything as clearly as possible here . 
  if you still think it 's about race and age then keep that thought and have a nice day . 
  we will have to agree to disagree . 
  just acknowledge the fact that `` race and age '' that you see there do n't make it a bad add . 
  it 's bad only if you really do n't understand the main point , which i think is not the case here . 
  cheers . 
  cool , do i get a prize ? 
  * awwschwitz * - that 's so clever and so wrong at the same time . 
  i 'm always fascinated by such things . 
  * wow . 
  * i 'm immune to little kids and cute animals but now my eyes are kinda sweating ... humans being humane . 
  * wtf ... * i once watched a documentary about ww2 and a polish veteran recounted that he was walking down the road with another pole and they walked on a wounded german soldier who was lying in the middle of the road . 
  and they stopped short and did n't know what to do . 
  help him ? 
  shoot him ? 
  leave him ? 
  and then he asked for water and the veteran telling the story said that that was it , sudden clarity , because : * when a man is asking for water how could you not give it to him ? 
  * he said that so matter-of-factly , i have no idea what happened later in this documentary . 
  our - poland , i assumed you see my flair . 
  this is spot-on . 
  at least the polish one . 
  though i think we could use the central part from the swedish ... looks just about right . 
  ** edit : ** the * theatrical , emotional * phase - [ example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rejtan_%28painting%29 ), 
  is he the one talking to our prime minister ? 
  hollande , merkel and tusk are the only ones i recognized , i 'm not sure about lavrov - fifth to the right from tusk ? 
  that 's europe , not just eu , right ? 
  then it 's not the spot that is at fault here .
