  it 's kinda involuntary , and not malicious . 
  we love them . 
  with bipolar disorder at that . 
  as a store , sure , but as a brand ? 
  teenage me loved reserved and house ( the most when they were still called * house of colors * , though ) . 
  another our brand is [ big star ] ( http://en.bigstar.pl/ ) and for whatever reason i was pretty surprised when i learned that they 're polish . 
  next thing you tell them jesus was n't polish !, 
  well , no wonder !, 
  it 's hard to open your mouth when you 're trying to keep the air in . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ underwater . 
   katy\u0144 plane crash * katy\u0144 . 
  * you misspelled smole\u0144sk , man . 
  to add insult to injury , what you wrote sounds very polish ... 
  i 'm so sorry . 
   calling lower back tattoos `` tramp stamps '' makes you look judgemental and sexist though ... even if i 'm a girl ? 
  maybe . 
  probably . 
  that phrase gets so tossed around it lost any meaning in my head apart from the location ; may be a linguistic thing . 
  though there 's a strong connection with the early ' 00s fashion and i do n't recall * that * fondly ... been there , done that , * nope * . 
  ( and it 's coming back !, 
  the horror ! ), 
  as a sign of the times , initially , i wrote * trump stamp * and it took me a good few seconds of staring to realise what 's wrong with that picture . 
  about the generic stuff , if it * is * the result the bearer wanted then fantastic , but if it 's a kid who 's going to regret that in the years to come , then * oh , boy * . 
  i have the same sentiment for the fashion mentioned above ... 
  that 's probably the most accurate response in this thread . 
  sincerely sorry for the wall of text , it turned out i have a very emotional take on the subject ... 
  * hmph . 
  * i constantly read over the internet how poles look down upon on tattoos , yet i see more and more tatooed people on the street ; it seems to be fashionable now amongst the young ( 20s-30s ) even . 
  and i 've never heard any such thing in person ( sans my grandma , but that 's grandma ... she thinks the same about holes in your jeans etc. ) . 
  i have three small text inks in black ( inner arm , inner upper arm , ribs ) and people only asked if i do n't regret them ( nope , love'em , and they all have a meaning for me ) . 
  quite frankly i do n't understand why people think they have a right to comment about what other adults do with their own body . 
  like how a girl * went from 10 to 2 * in their opinion because she 's had an ink done . 
  or how they would n't date her because [ put here whatever negative connotations people have with tatts ] and that it 's somehow below their standards or that she 's * tarnished * ... oh , the arrogance of comments like : * `` honey , it does n't make you more attractive '' * ( people seriously think that someone would do something permanent to their body to impress them ? ) . 
  it 's especially men toward women doing those comments , yet once again , i 've never seen it in person ; the internet 's a cancer , though . 
  i always wonder if they realize that that tattooed person would n't want to date them either and in this case it runs much deeper than the ink in the skin ... now , i have inks , you 'd think i 'm biased but there are things i would n't do to * myself * ; like big stuff , colourful , pretty pictures without any meaning to the bearer , all sleeves , anything on the face , feet , fingers , i hate stuff on the legs and tramp stamps with a fiery passion , yet it never occurred to me to judge the person that chose any of those for themselves . 
  it 's not my body , not my life , and i 'm a firmly * live and let live * kind of person . 
  but i still get all worked up when i read things that criticize the person because something as trivial as a piece of ink in their skin . 
  there 's also a bunch of things like all-sleeve that i like from the artistic point of view but i just would n't want that on the arm that 's attached to * me * . 
  it all boils down to the core conception i have with inks that it has to be yours , it has to be you , you have to feel it , believe in it , want it without any sort of hesitation , then you 're good and no one ever will be able to sway your confidence in that decision . 
  but hey , people change and there 's the laser treatment if the need arises ... got ta ad that my `` favourite '' * kind * on a high horse are those who asign mental problems , or lack of self-love , self-dignity , problematic childhood , lack of interesting personality or whatever bullshit to people with tattoos , and in that case i 'm more likely to judge the ones who judge , and then there 's pity because they really seem to think that they 're better . 
  it 's that quality of their character that makes me judge , not their lack/dislike of inks or attraction to people with one . 
  as a side note i sometimes have a little * oh , boy * ... feeling when i see a teenager with a very generic tattoo , something that 's * in * right now and they could meet five other people with the same thing on them walking down the street . 
  but that 's more in the line of * oh , kid , i hope you really like it , and did it for yourself , and not just 'cause you thought that 's gon na make you look cool * . 
  well , there 's also the idiots with things like a dick on their face , or a swastika , or any thing that would scream that it 's not the ink , it 's the person who 's the problem ... meaning i 'd judge the tatooed and not tatooed along the same standards , but it 's never occurred to me to think that someone 's better because of a tattoo they 're bearing so i do n't understand the reverse either . 
  there 's much more to a person , really . 
  one thing that occurred to me that i would n't have pondered upon even a few years back is that you may want to keep in mind you might meet * those on a high horse * with unfounded bias on your career path so it 's probably wise to keep the inks out of outright visible places , unless you 're sure it wo n't get in the way . 
  idealistic me in my early 20s thought * if they care they 're not worth it * ; me nearing 30 thinks you got ta get that job / $ / eat , or you may want * that * job/position more than your pretty picture . 
  but then again i 'm on my own and there 's no other boss to think otherwise so there are ways around that issue . 
  if your financial/living/whatever situation is comfortable enough that you can tell the naysayers to go get lost then do what you believe in and do n't look back , but just after you took a second to think it through , not all who criticize are biased morons . 
  all in all , i love the hell out of inks . 
  in moderation , but that 's just me . 
  but then every opinion you 're going to get is a highly subjective stuff , it ca n't be any different on something that personal . 
  and i think the best thing to remember is that your own opinion is just as good as any , and even more 'cause it 's your body and your life . 
  there 's one more thing , for some reason it makes me very self-conscious when people ask for the meaning of any of my inks . 
  i know i put it there and it 's all on me that there even is something to ask about , and i did n't have to put it on myself if it 's * that * personal , but this is precisely why i did it . 
  and i did it for myself to bear , not for them to look at . 
  so i answear their questions but there 's always that little ping inside that they wo n't get it , wo n't understand , will think it trivial , will , well , * judge * . 
  but not the tattoo itself but the reason behind it . 
  it 's kinda soul-baring . 
  but that 's also the reason i do n't regret it and people and their opinions are not able to change it . 
  like in that clich\u00e9 that an ink comes from the inside not the other way around . 
  it 's all a clich\u00e9 until it is n't . 
  but again that 's just me . 
  what do i care if someone got a pretty kitten on their arm 'cause they liked the design and did n't need a gut-wrenching story to back it up . 
  it 's their arm and their kitten and whether i like it or not means exactly nothing . 
  zero . 
  null . 
  maybe it makes them smile to look at it every morning , maybe they really think it 's the most attractive part of them , it can be a gazillon of things and judging something this personal is a no-no in my book . 
  also , i never ask about the meaning , people who want to tell you all about their ink will do it anyway . 
  * haha * . 
  i 'm female , by the way , if that 's of any importance . 
  hot summers but with frequent thunderstorms , cold winters with snow every year . 
  four distinct seasons . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty content . 
  my hometown is the warmest place in the country , usually that 's a good thing . 
   st martin crossaint is a local delicacy ( white poppy seeds filling ) mostly avaliable during this time . 
  and thankfully for the rest of us available across the country and not just in pozna\u0144 'cause the shit 's delicious . 
  we have whole one and a quarter of another , so , * yeah * ... 
  i 've been to both . 
  [ that 's sea islands - which i treat as the only * real * ones ] on the other hand , my hometown lies on twelve islands [ hail the river ! ], 
  and has over hundred and twenty bridges , so there 's that . 
  i had this ambitious idea to go and take a picture on every bridge . 
  one day ... 
  i snack on the dry stuff sometimes ... once i got distracted by a movie and before i noticed i ate much more than i 'd intended - proceeded with drinking a glass of milk and called it a meal . 
  i 've heard prince polo is a thing in iceland . 
  supposedly super popular - that 's what the internet had me believe . 
   traditional last ornament on the christmas tree and hidden among the branches . 
  the first to find it on christmas day receives an extra gift . 
  i love it !, 
  i do n't care if it 's real , i 'm going to do that !, 
  ;d thank you !, 
  i need to hear that story ... 
  scotland . 
  i like it gloomy ; wind and rain . 
  i do n't like heat or too much sunshine . 
  i like to eat weird things . 
  i offend my friends to show affection . 
  i can complain just fine . 
  i can drink . 
  i speak english ( surely , there must be at least * some * use for it there ! ) .
