  meaning you not only ca n't publish it because the copyrights are in place , you ca n't propagate the ideas it carries , which in themselves * are * banned . 
   are n't used book stores a thing in poland ? 
  the idea seems incredible to the point of impossibleness . 
  of course they are . 
  but if the book itself is illegal then selling even a used copy is illegal , not only publishing a new one , and copyrights have nothing to do with it . 
  but if you already have one , you can keep it . 
  but i do n't know if that 's true , and what changes when the copyrights not longer hold . 
  no idea about polish , but the english text just hangs there in plain view for anyone to see . 
  you do n't even have to download anything . 
   to torrent it i think that would be still illegal if it 's true that you can own that book but ca n't sell even used copies . 
  that would mean you ca n't share the contents because the idea it carries ; and while downloading via torrents you have to share at the same time . 
  that 's why i do n't use them at all . 
   i would n't want to own a paper copy just because of the absolute shit-storm one would find himself in if it was spotted by the wrong person . 
  i 'd probably have a problem where do i put it on the shelf ? 
  seems like a disservice to whatever sits next to it . 
   i put * the satanic verses * next to * the bible * once , and my family still thinks it 's hilarious to tell that story at a christmas table ... well , i was a kid , i did n't know what that book was , and they both had black covers of similar size ... it looked nice . 
  by the way , i actually saw a photo my friend took at his german friend 's home and the guy had * mein kampf * sitting next to * the bible * and if you stop laughing , and try to think about it , it kinda makes some sense ... but i think i 'd actually want a paper copy . 
  the new edition with all the background and commentary , or some really old one just because my * bookporn * addiction ... 
  a book is a book . 
  and that one has a history ; a bad one , but still . 
  apparently , there were three editions published after 1989 ; one got destroyed ( 1992 ) , one was totally illegal ( 2009 ) , not sure what 's with the third one ( do n't remember the date ) , but i 'm pretty sure they were all in polish . 
  there should be * at least * a red triangle on wroc\u0142aw ; [ pics ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/aula_leopoldina ) . 
  i 'd like to read that crap , if only i could put my hands on an english or polish copy . 
  i 'd be glad if someone could enlighten me what 's the legal situation with this one in poland ? 
  there was a wiki page that held all the info , which i saved for this very occasion , but it 's conveniently disappeared since . 
  i think it was legal to own but illegal to sell even used copies , internet seems to agree . 
  edit : nevermind , found full text on archive.org . 
  i 'm sure i 'm on some kind of a list already and they 're coming for me ... it was nice to know y' all !, 
  and that magnificent coat of arms !, 
  i 'm in . 
  you mean there are people who do n't ? 
  * opens map * . 
  holy sh ... o.o i remember that one friend who did n't wash her hands after going to the toilet in junior high . 
  we were eating chips straight from the pack and someone pointed out that she was about to reach for food while she did n't wash her hands . 
  she was mercilessly ridiculed ... 
  i thought that people who do n't wash their hands , especially * after * , are some * rare * beings , and here you 're telling me that it 's not the obvious course of action for 32 % of me countrymen ... 
  i feel dirty and i just washed my hands for no good reason five minutes ago . 
  i 'm aware . 
  lietuva , you 're handsome !, 
  i 'm not sure if i 'm a fan of your christmas tree but it looks like the moomins could live inside so that 's a plus !, 
  i understood everything to that point , i feel smart !, 
  how long have you been learning it ? 
  is it really as easy as it looks like ? 
  and do you have any practical use for esperanto ? 
   an italian person if they speak slowly . 
  does such a thing exist in nature ? 
  yeah , that works with the second definition . 
  sooo , you just like to fuck vampires ? 
  ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ show ^ ^ myself ^ ^ out ... 
   * beton ( concrete ) - something cool in polish that means something totally uncool , or that you just told a very dry joke . 
  it 's also a good way to describe someone who wo n't listen and consider new ideas/point of view . 
  `` making a whip out of poo '' romanian : face din rahat bici english : making a little go a long way interesting . 
  we have * `` z g\u00f3wna bata nie ukr\u0119cisz '' * - you wo n't make a whip out of shit , which means you wo n't be able to make something of use/value out of something unsuitable ; so basically the opposite . 
  we 're a nation of optimists , ca n't you tell ? 
  he 's been in office for a week . 
  i do n't foresee a long ministerial career for him . 
  he wo n't resign/be force to resign now , but give him a few more weeks when he 'll get a few more * events * like that under his belt and they ( the new gov ) wo n't be able to pretend it 's all dandy . 
  but they 're going to try , that 's for sure . 
   narrowminded , old-fashioned overbearing . 
  that 's our new government . 
  look out for next * fun * stories . 
  there were four or five already . 
  did i mention they managed all of those in one week ? 
  it 's not forbidden to say such things . 
  you 're free to say them , and whoever feels offended if they hear them is free to sue you for offending their beliefs . 
  that 's the problem with those laws that it 's not what you say per se . 
  it 's what someone gets offended by . 
  and people can get really creative ... 
  well , sometimes it sucks but i keep hoping . 
  i 'm sure those directly concerned have it worse anyway . 
  and i 'm from the western part of the country and in a big city ; people here tend to be * slightly * more open-minded , though that may be the fact that a great deal of people i socialize with are n't religious . 
   but it takes some humility to not set yourself as the perfect example in that matter . 
  you must be joking . 
  she was just being a giant hypocrite . 
  and agressive at that , but then again she always has that manner when she speaks . 
  did you actually watch/listen to that speach ? 
  maybe you should before you say something . 
  that case was one of those few when even pis voters commented that she is just harmful to the party with the way she acts and talks . 
   i didnt downvote / u/oberbuergermeister for that matter i did n't suggest that , it was just a way to express my surprise that five people found something worth a downvote in a question . 
   you are mentioning pis while the demonstration was organized by the onr yes , and that 's why i said : * and these people i 'm talking here appear moderate when compared with those who burnt the effigy . 
  *  as far as i know they are not even in alliance . 
  they * are * on the same side ( in terms of views , though onr is obviously * hardcore * , or maybe * brutal * would be more suitable word here ) , and they side with each other when it suits them ( nov 11th comes to mind ) , so i 'd think it 's fair play . 
  they did n't seem to mind when all the * left * got lumped together . 
  my point was that that side of our political spectrum , no matter how * far * , tends to contradict themselves quite often , or just not to make sense at all , even for their own good and in simple cases as in my example . 
  and it would appear that the further * far * it reaches the more logic is lost on them , and the more agressive they get . 
  and , by the way , you can always just reply for yourself , what 's the problem ? 
  he asked about the connection , how the jews got dragged into this . 
  ( because that does not make much sense , does it ? ), 
  so i presented the kind of logic they use , which most of the time is * none * . 
  i like examples so i gave one that speaks clearly . 
  your point ? 
  edit : and why on earth did that poor guy get downvoted for asking a question ? 
  and a fairly reasonable one at that . 
  i 'll give you an example of their logic : there were talks about the same sex partnership in the parliament once , and the main oppositionist party 's ( now in power ) representant came forward and said that homosexuals does not deserve the same rights as marriages because they are unproductive members of the society because they do n't reproduce . 
  the catch ? 
  this woman who said that is unmarried , childless , in her sixties and she 's from a party where multiple mps have more than 5 children ... and next spoke the leader of the party - a bachelor born in 1949 . it 's like a large part of the people from the right side here do not use their brains . 
  and these people i 'm talking here appear moderate when compared with those who burn the effigy . 
  but they all tend to behave like they 're the only ones with the right to live . 
  so a muslim ? 
  or a jew ?
