  but the work ethic of old people over here is kind of amazing . 
  there 's a reason why we do n't see it as that . 
  it 's not `` plastic '' . 
  we wo n't care about your whole damn life story but fuck we just want you to have a fucking good day . 
  yeah but you named one country , not the `` west '', 
  i 'm all for it . 
  oh shit russia 's going hard . 
  i fucks with this heavy . 
  dope stuff, 
  like / u/paravin said , do n't hate russia the country . 
  russia has a very rich culture and has gave the world good before . 
  just hate the government . 
  you can be proud to be russian , 
  jerk jerk jerk ohhhh yaaaa russia bad jerk jerk jerk eu good . 
  do i fit your strawman yet ? 
  sooo you 're pretty much just gon na reinforce what we learned from that doc with what you 're commenting ? 
  lmao go right ahead bud . 
  are you fucking kidding me dude ? 
  you need to go rot . 
  you can have all the opinions you want on immigration but fuck your dehumanizing , you 're a pos . 
  yo just fucking stop . 
  you sound like a fucking meathead my g, 
  and what exactly is wrong with the newsweek article ? 
  has this girl never opened a bottle before ? 
  lmao why she try to open it like that the second time ? 
  no wonder you guys were taxing the shit out of it then, 
  i think there is one but it probably light hearted and wishy washy . 
  ridiculous . 
  * twitch *, 
  i do n't even . . 
  i guess you have nothing to lose when you go bankrupt ... 
  lol i dont know why i thought this was so hilarious . 
  if you want a right wing evangelical maybe-theocracy , then by all means go for it ... lol, 
  you 're the only one posting anything on this so i 'm glad you kerp the sub informed . 
  keep updating to get the message out . 
  well in my opinion it is . 
  geographic location ; if you guys are n't going to let turkey in , it 'll be good to have greece . 
  they also have a considerable navy that can be used to limit immigration across the med . 
  sea if they were to be cooperated with . 
  and they have a population who is ready for work and investment . 
  there is a lot you can do with greece to not only better them , but the eu as a whole . 
  you ca n't just keep saying `` ugh this is sooo hard . 
  just kick them outttt ! '', 
  just work with them . 
  that 's it . 
  be sensible with their debt problem then when it 's fixed , invest invest invest . 
  i hope you guys get through this . 
  i only have pity for you with the way the eu is acting towards this crisis and reading all this wonderful yurop unity we got going on in this thread / s. 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  you guys are in my thoughts and have my support . . 
  if the eu is going to be put before national interest , they should fucking help greece . 
  it 's not in the eu 's interest to have a debt ridden country fucking up the value of the euro . 
  all that damn unity flies out of the door when it comes to help one of the member states . 
  i have a bone to pick with russia like almost everyone else on here but i support greece doing anything to get out of their crisis because the union that let them in does n't give two shits about them except for punishing them , which is so stupid with economics . 
  greece is n't some child . 
  people on reddit get mad at everything . 
  if it 's one thing i noticed the most about russia , is that they have big problem with projection . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm black but i only see kkk lol . 
  i wonder if this is where they got their uniforms from . 
  holy fuck , only 30000 in total ? 
  luuuuuckyyyyyyy . 
  compare that with the millions on millions poured in our elections . 
  christ . 
  some people can only process things in black and white . 
  its sad . 
  good on you mods . 
  of course some peeps are going to have a hard time now trying to hold their hate in for certain people but fuck em, 
  amazing . 
  im really starting to hate the word circlejerk, 
  this oil you 're taking about ... 
  it was the dumbest argument . 
  i do n't know why people get so butthurt over little shit . 
  you ca n't even say `` eh bump up that defense just a tad '' on here without someone saying you 're trying to start a war . 
  lmao, 
  not trying to defend us going in there but you do know shit that goes on in the world is more complicated than you 're trying to make it seem ? 
  and there 's more to history than the past 10-20 years ? 
  i do n't know . 
  he posts like this and some people in this country really think we 're fighting tyranny across the world all over . 
  sigh, 
  massacre tho ? 
  i can see why the atrocities happened in 90s when you have idiots like you with that kind of thinking , you drunkard, 
  the europe that only matters to some it seems . 
  funny how people forget about the yugoslav wars which only happened 20 years ago . 
  ooo enlighten us superior one, 
  what 's sad about this is that is what she actually looks like . 
  so you only care about the karmazzzz ? 
  do n't get butt hurt, 
  well when you look at the breakaway states as separate countries , you can tell they 're going to be incorporated . 
  i do n't see how they would sustain themselves independently . 
  i wonder if they 're going to do the same with transnistria sometime in the future . 
  like the article says , it seems our interests are lining up . 
  i 'm just trying figure out what exactly that is . 
  what a surprise . 
  do n't tell us that ... 
  what a cunt . 
  what he said seriously makes me mad, 
  wow . 
  that lack of empathy is profound . 
  ahh the selfie . 
  some people hate it .
