you do n't think they were in talks before getting invited ? 
  what was the tax going to be ? 
  i will never buy into the notion that iran wants to nuke israel . 
  that 's just the stupidest thing to do . 
  it 's sucks we do n't get that hype back home :( even during our football games , we do n't get that pumped !, 
  that 's what i thinking , cause when all the muslim hate was the rage in the us after 9/11 , people just assumed every arab or anyone that looked like them was a muslim . 
  i would guess the same is happening . 
  i do n't think we could possibly do that to our eu friends !, 
   ) ) ) ) ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ hope ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ so, 
  my favorite one that i 've read on / r/russia is that nato is a take-over-the-world alliance . 
  they said that since nato was first created to contain the su and now there 's no su but still nato , so we & all our eu allies want to conquer the world apparently . 
  also that we forced the countries into nato . 
  i can understand the view from a russian but really , a take over the world alliance ? 
  he does n't care about collateral damage , i think, 
  i would love to see a german leadership role in europe ( not the sole one of course ) . 
  germans , we 're not going to be spooked !, 
  man they make up everything . 
  call them, 
  dude go read a history book . 
  if someone called me a monkey irl , i 'm gon na be fucking pissed . 
  it 's amazing you 're this ignorant, 
  you are really not kidding when you say it 's so much better in the sub now . 
  it 's not so diluted now . 
   cum in me , putin . 
  a lot of people need to be reminded of this shit . 
  maybe it would make them think a little clearer about stuff in the world . 
  the whole free speech fiasco shit and this makes me think that too . 
  does this guy think far right parties are going to rise just because this subreddit puts its immigration threads here ? 
  lol that 's a ghetto ? 
  you guys are really scared to walk through a place like that ? 
  how is it a joke ? 
  i guess since it comes from the us , it has to be totally unhealthy, 
  no wonder greece is broke . 
  they go to starbucks so damn much . 
  yo that 's a big ass bottle of water . 
  dat common sense ... 
  jesus they oppose fucking everything in this country, 
  so you did n't read his statement at all then because that is not why he left . 
  yeah its the newspapers or you 're willfully ignorant of why he left, 
  taking a nap ? 
  you are so incredibly naive to sit here and say countries need to stop spying on each other, 
  germany played a significant role . 
  along with the other european powers . 
  personally , i like to blame austria-hungary . 
  an agenda against english ... hahaha, 
  i never knew what it felt like on the receiving end of stereotypes but this is interesting . 
  the country is changing , you can believe it or not . 
  yeahhh no . 
  the socialist label is losing its sting . 
  another recent poll found that half the country would vote for someone with the label `` socialist '' . 
  our country is diverse , it 's not all god , guns , and reagan . 
  dude he 's a progressive 's ( in the us sense ) wet dream . 
  his supporters are genuinely excited ( i am ), 
  do you live in the us ? 
  the us is moving left faster than you think . 
  sanders is rising in the polls across the entire nation . 
  bro this is sooooo off topic but i love your flair . 
  umm have any of you actually heard what bernie has had to say ? 
  he would be in the center on the european spectrum . 
  comparing him to ted cruz is just plain laughable . 
  as soon as i saw her , i knew what this comment thread was gon na be . 
  lol . 
  i need to go to greece, 
  he 's saying if the eu was a union like the usa, 
  if you seriously do n't see how that top comment is racist , you have some serious introspection to do . 
  that 's a bit of a reach eh ? 
  i did n't say anything like that, 
  now that i know you 're from america , your username makes sense . 
  exactly . 
  it is n't really a union . 
  especially given the history of europe . 
  anytime i see something likee this , i get reminded of that . 
  gives me hope for the mid east, 
  not complaining but i 've seen this pic on this sub at least 4 or 5 times . 
  i really need to subscribe to more subreddits . . lol, 
  `` purge '' lmao what 's with the buzzwords, 
  haha i think military spending does n't have a lot to do with the crisis . 
  im really starting to like him lmao, 
  damn i 've been eating these good ol american lab grown synthetic grapes the whole time reading this . 
  am i poisoned yet ? 
  i thought it was hilarious . 
  lmao . 
  yeah you need to chill and get out of your alpha mode buddy, 
  so does this mean they are trying get greater albania going ? 
  what does this mean ? 
  i saw xi . 
  what other world leaders attended ? 
  yupp if i had to , this would be it . 
  probably take just a second, 
  they got like 2 seats lmao, 
  good for you that you were presented the opportunity to generalize and spread your little agenda for today lmao . 
  yo this dude is a fucking g. 
  not gon na lie , i used to steal bikes when i was in middle school . 
  totally lived the stereotype, 
  it is nowhere near lmao . 
  im loving this bold poland taking initiative . 
  im totally saving this lol . 
  this is hilarious, 
  yeah its kinda pointless but someone else also pointed out a good reason why they have that . 
  a lot of old people in this country just do n't want to stop working and in some sad cases , they have to .
