  i guess it depends on where you are from . 
  also , i have to admit , i am not as familiar with teenage drinking habbits as this discussion requires me to , but still , i believe that there are many children out there who have no idea that energy drinks are bad , just like many adults are equally uninformed . 
  `` a feew centuries ago '' is not the smartest point to make to prove your point . 
  oh , i bet you i can find enough stupid kids around . 
  that 's not even a challenge . 
  sure , there are educated ones , but there definitely is an undeniable portion that has no idea about the risks . 
  please , show me those studies , i am not fully convinced . 
  also , define `` bad '' . 
  also , would be quite the waste to try and punish dead people , do n'tcha think ? 
  it 's still the decision of the parents , with the small difference that they have to grab the drinks while on their grocery runs instead of having the kids buy the drinks themselves . 
  do you understand that ? 
  minors buying energy drinks = banned . 
  minors drinking energy drinks = allowed . 
  i am very sure the majority of parents , if informed about the risks of the consumption of such products , would vote for a ban , maybe even just in order to be able to properly control their kids 's intakes themselves . 
  it is an educated and reasonable call the government made in order to maintain a healthy youth . 
  also , again , you do n't want to and should not control your children all day every day . 
  that leaves room for the kids to run to the store and buy drinks . 
  the new ruling prevents that and gives power to the parents . 
  are you implying twelve year old kids are usually more educated and informed than the average member of parliament ? 
  the threshold of the ban is questionable , but generally , i do trust the science this ban is based upon more than teenagers . 
  that would violate human rights . 
  everytime i see you , you make yourself seem stupid by loudly displaying your lack of understand of law and politics . 
  increased consumption of caffeine is a horrible thing for developing children as it induces many negative effects like headaches , increased heart rate/blood pressure and problems sleeping/concentrating . 
  that 's why it 's a good thing to regulate the sale of these products by putting these restrictions on stores et cetera . 
  it has nothing to do with bad parenting , it 's just that if you do n't want to monitor your children 24/7 , they can easily go to a store and buy a few cans of energy drinks , regardless of the fact you told them not to . 
  this has nothing to do with the `` state controlling the kids '' , this a law like every other , to prevent citizens from doing harm to themselves or others . 
  your reasoning is the same as saying `` making murder illegal is controlling citizens !, 
  we should teach ourselves not to kill and have no laws ! '' . 
  well guess fucking what , some people do n't care about what others tell them and generally disregard social conventions/advice , so a law is the proper way to set a standard that applies to everyone while still teaching kids about the dangers of caffeine consumption or have them wait to develop fully mentally in order to be able to ( ideally ) make educated decision . 
  if you disagree with the law and want to give your kids caffeine , you can still buy the drinks and give them to the kids - nothing illegal about that as far as i can tell . 
  also , '' [ ... ] , no ? '', 
  is not a proper way to end sentences , drives me nuts . 
  no , you 're just a troll with a mental condition . 
  if you really are thinking stuff like that , do n't fucking project it onto other , sane citizens . 
  meh , it 's possible to argue about that one . 
  he was fairly successful ( governor of lower saxony , one of the more important/influential states ) and probably could have made it into the german government in the future . 
  he was the youngest person ( 51 years old ) to hold that position since the foundation of the brd , so you 're right about his seemingly young age . 
  considering he was n't a `` real '' politician to begin with , i have to disagree . 
  also , on paper , he still is the highest-ranked politician in germany , no matter what . 
  yeah , i considered the opening ceremony at 8pm local time to be the official point at which they officially failed to deliver . 
  i know people are there earlier , i just tried to give them the fairest chance i could . 
  just say this out loud : `` just 47 hours left . '', 
  they have less than two days left to fix all the problems that arriving participants are confronted with right now before people can officially say : `` you fucked up , ladies and gentlemen '' . 
  weird , i 've been to france , spain , england , austria and many places in germany and never encountered it . 
  got lucky , i guess . 
  not at all in central and western europe , at least as far as i gathered during my travels . 
  this link has some of those mentioned and a few more . 
  it 's a fun read if you can disregard how miserable this actually is : http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2014/02/04/journalists-at-sochi-are-live-tweeting-their-hilarious-and-gross-hotel-experiences/, 
  i feel like proxmate has improved in the last few months , very little problems with buffering . 
  anyways , hope you like it , i 've been using it for a more than a year now . 
  i use proxmate because it has the option to unblock youtube searches , really helpful when you know the content you 're looking for is blocked . 
  those women decided to offer a service that is demanded frequently . 
  they exercised their free will and used the given liberties to their advantage . 
  if anything , this is people doing whatever they damn well please . 
  they are part of a work of art ( as photography is art ) , not an object . 
  and even if ** you ** consider them an object , it does not look like they care too much after they get their payment . 
  if you disagree , i am sure you will offer those women some good advice on how they should behave according to your ideals . 
  but whatever , your account is less than a day old , so you 're probably just some troll . 
  -------------------- [ the joke ] --------------  \u3164 \u3164 [ your head ], 
  i do share your wish for a contest that is mostly about the music . 
  but with the current system , there are too many factors needed to be eliminated in order for it to properly work . 
  there are always some pretty half-naked babes , some flashy dudes with weird hair , point-pushing between neighbours and other issues . 
  a neutral , music-focussed contest would not be possible unless they keep the candidates and their nationality a secret , would disallow flashy performances and basically only have truly neutral people vote ? 
  does n't sound like fun now does it ? 
  it 's not because they are different , but because they represent something positive . 
  if you think the esc is not political and music is the major factor people vote by , you 're wrong . 
  just remember conchita . 
  positive message + solid song . 
  that means we are gon na vote for them , right ? 
  i mean , i can fully get behind the idea of inclusiveness and a positive image/role model for mentally/physically disabled people . 
  combine that with pissing off intolerant people and you 've got my vote . 
  you realize that , at a public event/demonstration about , if everyone else tells you to kindly fuck right off with irrelevant propaganda , without the use of any violence and threats , there was no harm done to the freedom of speech of everyone involved ? 
  it 's an unnecessary parasitic hijack attempt , pretty obvious a controversial topic like theirs does not find much sympathy there . 
  defending the illegitimate invasion of a foreign region by an authoritarian regime 's henchmen is not the best thing to support at a demonstration that is about the protection of freedom of press . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  so what he meant to say was that the scale used to visualize the differences was flawed as it was unnecessarily wide and could have shown more detail if adjusted appropriately . 
  i can agree with that , but he really should have added a few more words to clarify . 
  i 'd call the gini fairly meaningful , even if not entirely perfect . 
  what problem do you have with the map ? 
  ah , i would not say that . 
  it 's a fit analogy , even if a little cheeky , but that 's the fun part . 
  if caricatures and cartoons ca n't poke fun at the authorities in every way they want , were in a bit of a pickle . 
  oh , do n't get me wrong , i knew you were quoting , i just expressed my uncertainty about that particular part of your interpretation :d, 
  yes , that is layer 2 , right beneath the reference to the movie . 
  i can hardly imagine the spartans yelling the name of their civilization every time they chuck someone into the chasm , so the reference to the movie is a given . 
  still , i like to imagine that it is not just a nudge referring a fairly popular scene in a movie and a historical story , but also a clever pun uniting joke and message , creating a third layer beneath the other two . 
  yeah , i figured he might have friends or suggestions that lead him there , if he is not proficient in german himself . 
  if it is a coincidence , it is a beautiful thing . 
  after all , i deem it a very clever and witty pun . 
  what kind of tips me towards `` intentional '' is the punctuation - why would he go for a dry '' . '', 
  instead of a '' ! '', 
  if it only referenced 300/sparta ? 
  possible , but the reference to 300 is definitely present . 
  the kick/push and saying `` sparta '' are direct references . 
  then again , deeper layers of the cartoon might adress what you said . 
  not sure if i agree with the whole `` unfit '' thing , but i see where you are coming from . 
  that 's the beauty of a good cartoon , there is a lot of room for interpretation , even though there is a final message which can be reached via multiple routes . 
  thank you , i appreciate the open-mindedness . 
  have a good one !, 
  i agree , it might not be as obvious as i said , but it is obvious that there has to be another layer beyond the reference to 300 .
