just allow them to forge the very sword they will be crippled by . 
  traditional media never really learned to understand power dynamics on the internet . 
  they are nothing but an expendable resource to google , other news outlets that oppose said law/tax will take their place and cause a massive loss of revenue for those backwards people . 
  that is exactly what is happening here . 
  websites want to be paid for being advertised , advertiser stops listing them instead . 
  gj , smart people, 
  first of all , yes , the behaviour displayed by those people is disgusting and bad . 
  question is , are there laws in place in spain ? 
  does n't matter if france , portugal or any other european nations have laws to prevent that - this happened in spain where spanish law is applicable . 
  if there are none , the police was right to not intervene - as long as nobody was in immediate danger and everything was kept within legal boundaries . 
  what you do n't want is a police force that acts outside of the law and does not respect freedom of speech , something way more dangerous than some right-wing extremists . 
  not kidding , that 's actually pretty close to a marketing slogan they are using . 
  it is a good step . 
  while it may not change anything about the current situation , it helps to limit propaganda and , by that , might help to limit the stream of new is recruits from germany . 
  also , i like to see people in favour of killing , beheading and raping being treated appropriately . 
  i 'd rather say they are sending a legal message - a message telling people not to behave like some stupid vigilante police . 
  it 's a fair warning . 
   you can call 110 every time you want ... and end up being punished according to \u00a7 145 stgb for abusing/misusing emergency measures . 
  the police president de facto considers their behaviour worrying enough to justify alarming police of their mere presence . 
  i do n't think you 've read too many police reports and statements . 
  they usually rather like to downplay stuff than to alarm and worry people . 
  she wo n't get patted on the shoulder just for doing that . 
  alright , if they do exactly what they were doing , you might be right . 
  but any tiniest step in the wrong direction might net them an arrest . 
  they already were on the knife 's edge with the coercion accusation . 
  dude , you 're changing the quotes to be in favour of your argument . 
  she , being the police president , or whatever that is called , most literally said `` call 110 ( 911 ) if you meet those people . '', 
  additionally , she expresses sincere worry about these people . 
  she should know . 
  i 'd take the prosecution 's and police 's word above yours . 
  i feel like they might be more qualified than you . 
  i know you 're a rational dude usually , but you 've really lost your shit over this one and overreacted . 
  the other dude was neither wrong nor racist . 
  he 's got just about the same amount of proof that you have for what you are saying . 
  possibly illegal in multiple aspects : http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/inland/salafisten-in-deutschland-islamisten-ziehen-als-scharia-polizei-durch-wuppertal-13137196.html forgot to add the link to my other comment , but it works here . 
  sorry , but he is not wrong and your insults are over the line . 
  their behaviour and their uniform is active impersonation of executive forces like the police . 
  of course they are careful enough to use the german name , but the english equivalent translation . 
  we do not even know what race those people were for the most part , only that some of them were german natives . 
  `` salafi '' is not a race either , therefor he is not racist in this context . 
  i do n't know why he should educate himself , as the faz confirms his statements :  \u201e diese westen werten wir als uniformierung `` , sagte ein sprecher der wuppertaler staatsanwaltschaft . 
  even if you want to go that way : it 's not ignorance , but it might be paranoia . 
  the vests are considered uniforms by the wuppertal prosecution . 
  the protesters reportedly approached `` young people '' and tried to hinder them from entering a club , an accusation that will need to be researched as it could qualify as coercion . 
  because that girl surely is running around and telling people what to do and what not , infringing on their freedom while she 's wearing that shirt ? 
  also , fashion police is coined differently than sharia police , so please , stop those bad comparisons . 
  also , a brightly coloured shirt is not the same as orange official-looking safety vests . 
  asterix used the wrong term for this case , actually , they got into trouble because of not registering their public assembly . 
  assembling a few people , putting uniforms on and preaching ideology or ideas in public qualifies as an assemby and might qualify as a protest . 
  as in , if they were okay with how things go , they would not complain , aka . 
  protest . 
  a report said they tried to stop teenagers from entering a club/bar , which qualifies as a real crime ( coercion/duress ) and seems to happen frequently in similar ways . 
  or maybe it 's being downvoted because people do n't want videos of people literally getting their head sawn off on their front page ? 
  that 's what voting is for , too - getting rid of inappropriate or bad content . 
  what an outrageous claim !, 
  no , it must be because this charming video is too much for this subreddit to handle as it confronts us with the fact that some europeans are real fucking stupid and evil and we ca n't handle that !, 
  / s or it might be because it 's nothing but gore and propaganda . 
  we learn nothing from this . 
  op is just helping to spread the word by posting a disgusting video of something that more than 90 % of the earth 's population never want and have to see . 
  any intelligent and sensible person will prefer an article from a credible and good source over ... this . 
  nah , it just sounded like you were one of those people . 
  disregard that part of the comment then . 
  it really is a weird issue that can be approached using different theories , but he really is a great example of integration of second generation immigrants . 
  erm ... he was born in germany , respects german culture and is a german citizen - so yes , there is no doubt he is german . 
  i do n't know what backwards view you have , but that 's all the criteria the german state and i need to say that . 
   and you 're continuing to spin the argument against turks when a turk finally made a movie that comes to terms with the issue . 
  akin is german . 
  it is a very clear signal , though , and may be indicative of future elections . 
  just hypothetically , if a party like that would get half as many votes in germany , there would be a riot , and rightfully so . 
  i can only feel disgust when i see a country that was torn to shreads by right-wing extremists 70 years ago vote for the same , updated bullshit . 
  in my opinion , just one vote is too many - 25 % of all votes is absolutely unacceptable . 
  i am ashamed of the 7 % a mild german right-wing party got . 
  and a quarter of those few that got their asses up to vote got together and agreed on a disgusting right-winged programme that spits right into the face of european progress and community . 
  sometimes i feel like people do n't learn from history , especially those that suffered the most . 
   the fn only got 25 % of the vote . 
  `` only '' is not the right term . 
  a quarter of all votes is something that smaller parties would kill for . 
  it 's not the majority , but it is a fucking lot . 
  well , to play devil 's advocat , `` them '' can refer to both gypsies and thieves . 
  however , i do fear your interpretation is the correct one . 
  as i said , moderation is key . 
  most food can be beneficial if you do not consume too much of it . 
  welp , energy drinks are not fundamentally bad , it 's just a combination of things . 
  - the false promise of giving you more energy/motivation without any downsides - the very high amount of caffeine included in those drinks , leading to the health problems listed above - other questionable ingredients with negative effects on consumer 's health - the sweet taste that seduces ( younger ) people into regular consumption as always , there 's nothing wrong with having energy drinks in moderation , but i know too many people that drink them daily or even a few cans a day . 
  ca n't be good for your physical health and possibly also your mental health . 
  and there you have the fundamental problem with democracy . 
  the combination of a lack of education and disgusting propaganda/censorship . 
  actually , he is dense as fuck . 
  i have no clue people vote for him or can trust him , even . 
  he 's just a bad person . 
   which science ? 
  what about energy drinks is bad for you except for the sugar ? 
  i do n't know what you 're trying to say , but i figured some sources and studies ca n't do no harm . 
  use google if you need more . 
  [ energy drinks lead to increased heart contraction rate . 
  ] ( http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/269569.php ) [ consumption of energy drinks during or before physical activity can lead to severe dehydration . 
  ] ( http://www.brown.edu/student_services/health_services/health_education/alcohol,_tobacco,_&amp;_other_drugs/energy_drinks.php ) [ increased blood pressure and disturbed heart rhythm . 
  ] ( http://blog.heart.org/simplescienceheart-energy-drinks-may-increase-blood-pressure-disturb-heart-rhythm/ ) there 's far more , but you get the picture . 
  well , maybe you should do some research before posting , because 50 years are not `` a few centuries '' . 
  anyways , the point you 're making is really retarded .
