  in case of a nuclear war ( and any war between major powers will certainly lead to a nuclear war ) , we would become a target , because we are part of the shield that is most likely supposed to defend the us from russian nuclear missiles . 
  ( the official story was that it protects europe from iranian missiles , but that 's so ridiculous that they no longer say it ) if we were not part of the shield , we would be so irrelevant that we might get by without being hit . 
  actually , in romania , we have the most private security guards per capita . 
  even the state hires private security guards instead of using police officers ( which are more expensive ) . 
   they are natives only in india they were born in europe . 
  their parents were born in europe . 
  in fact , their ancestors going back 700 years were born in europe . 
  how could they be natives of india ? 
   are slovak gypsies also your people ? 
  no , they 're slovak . 
  two of trump 's grandparents were born in germany . 
  his mother was scottish . 
  so he 's half-german , half-scottish . 
   gypsies live like that anywhere they are native finnish or swedish roma do n't live like that . 
  that neighborhood is cluj , too , not just the nice buildings in the center . 
  they are romanian citizens , too . 
  they are `` our people '' . 
   unless you are talking about budjak . 
  yes , because that 's the part we had in 1877 and the russians took away in exchange for dobruja . 
   you do know that dobrudja was given as compensation for the loss of southern bessarabia right ? 
  yes , and it was an excellent deal for romania . 
  dobruja is worth more for us than the arid stepes of southern bessarabia . 
  if we were not given dobruja , it would have been part of bulgaria , like the other turkish/tatar-majority parts of the ottoman empire . 
   looking back it turns out turkish overlordship was actually less hard than russian one . 
  you need to read a bit more history . 
  the southern part of bessarabia is not ( and it was not back then , either ) ethnically romanian . 
  it had a population mix of bulgarian , ukrainians , russians , gagauz and a few romanians . 
  the same was valid for northern dobruja ( which we got then and we still hold ) . 
  romanians made up 21 % of the population , whereas 53 % were turks and tatars . 
  ethnically , it was not romanian , but neither was dobruja . 
   i would rather be an american frontline cannon fodder than friends with the russians ( we all know how well that worked out in 1877-78 yeah , we gained our independence from the turks and the russians gave us the dobruja region . 
  awful , indeed . 
   so we were in nato in 1940 ? 
  get over it : in 1940 , we gave up that territory willingly , without a bullet fired , with the approval of our allies , nazi germany . 
   just suck on russian dick oh , i see , we have a very mature discussion here . 
  trump and iohannis are both of german ancestry . 
  i think nato ( especially the us ) is a danger for our safety . 
  i dislike being part of the `` shield '' as it is making us a target . 
  she was 54 when she married him . 
  russian invasion ? 
  but what if the aliens invade ? 
  we need to prepare for that , too . 
  it 's so awesome that we are able to buy weapons instead of providing our people with [ decent standards of living ] ( http://radioiasi.ro/wp-content/uploads/sites/6/2017/03/pata-rat-cluj.jpg ) and decent healthcare . 
  as a comparison : romania spends 6 % of its budget for the military . 
  sweden and denmark spend 2 % of their budget for the military . 
  yes . 
  the total death toll of wwii is around 70-90 million . 
  random fact : in russia , as in other eastern european countries , a bouquet containing an even number of flowers signifies mourning . 
  you do n't calculate tax as the percentage of the net pay , but as a percentage of the total income . 
   work taxes are around 75 % of net income the tax rate is around 43 % , even lower for some categories of workers . 
  the reason is that we 're poor . 
  yes , police occasionally does some raids , but it does n't stamp it out . 
  from the first article :  police say they believe that up to 7,500 women , the majority of whom are romanian , are living in slavery on farms across the region . 
  anyway , that 's not better than the life the workers live in china . 
  legal or illegal , it happens frequently and in most cases , the authorities turn a blind eye . 
   if you 're seriously suggesting that western europeans are enslaving romanians you 're out of your mind . 
  [ sicily ( a pretty good article ) ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2017/mar/12/slavery-sicily-farming-raped-beaten-exploited-romanian-women ) , [ 32 romanian slaves in portugal ] ( https://www.antena3.ro/en/world/romanian-worker-slaves-in-portugal-they-were-living-in-deplorable-conditions-236357.html ) , [ 15 romanian slaves in uk ] ( http://www.plymouthherald.co.uk/police-raid-plymouth-properties-remove-15-alleged/story-28889079-detail/story.html ) , etc. 
  also , slavery is not a matter of speech , for instance in the uk case , police actually arrested people using the `` modern slavery act 2015 '' . 
  and sex slavery is even worse , with tens of thousands of victims . 
  in the first years after 1990 , half of the employees were sacked . 
  with no welfare state , the amount of poverty was incredible . 
  many fled the cities to take up subsistence farming in the villages , as for the first time in our history we had a de-urbanization . 
  then we had millions of people to flee the country to work illegally in western europe , leaving their children behind . 
  even today you hear in the news about the mistreatment of romanian migrants beaten , enslaved , mistreated in western europe , particularly in italy . 
  the cost was definitely massive . 
  the economic policy that eastern europe followed came with a massive cost to the individual as well . 
  china followed its own economic policy . 
  eastern europe followed the economic policies imposed by the us , and later , the eu . 
   after decades of communism you just are n't ready for it yet . 
  ready for what ? 
  the eu is working as designed : the economic elite is getting the profits it wanted . 
  the rate of profits is the highest since the end of wwii and the wages started declining in western europe . 
  why are we poor ? 
  because the economic model imposed on us by western europe did not work , that 's very obvious . 
  in 1990 , bulgaria had 6 times the gdp/capita of china . 
  in a couple of years , they 'll be above them . 
  in 1990 , the majority of romanians wanted a swedish-style welfare state . 
  we were not allowed to have one . 
   send some germans down there to structure them . 
  i bet their privatizations will work as in romania : the western companies which buy natural monopolies come only to get rents out of the local economy , while doing the least possible investment . 
  there will be no german `` structure '' , there will be only optimization for profits : * they will give wages as small as possible , while complaining about not finding qualified employees who are willing to be paid 300 $ / month . 
  * the profits will be funneled out of the country to luxembourg or cyprus , in order to pay exactly zero profit tax in the country . 
  * they will fire employees who join a labour union . 
  * if most employees want a labour union , they 'll just threaten to fire everyone and move the factory/office in another country * they will fire employees who voice concerns over workplace safety . 
  * they will threaten and blackmail employees who suffer a workplace accident not to declare it to the state . 
  * when an employee dies due to bad workplace safety practices , they 'll blame the employee for not respecting the rules , even though he would have been fired if he respected them . 
  * they will bribe government officials to be able to raise prices for those monopolies . 
  * they will bribe government officials to give them millions of euros in subsidies . 
  * they will bribe government officials to buy products and services from them . 
  they still have assets to be grabbed by western corporation , so the charade will go on . 
   are you aware the whole spain was opressed during the francoist regime ? 
  there were different kinds of oppressions in spain . 
  the madrile\u00f1os did not get a foreign culture imposed on them by franco . 
   i 'm glad to be born a century late . 
  or this century , in a country not at war . 
  putin does n't understand democracy . 
  it 's supposed to be two opposing sides , that agree on virtually everything , except for irrelevant trivial things , such as in what bathrooms should transgenders go . 
  each of the sides have their own press ( calling the other side `` liars '' and `` fake news '' ) and there should be a very lively debates on these topics . 
  people would feel they have a choice both they 're voting and every day when choosing what tv channel they should watch . 
   that 's exactly what france needs at the moment .
