  the colonists needed the wood for building houses , boats and keeping warm during the winter , so now only 1 % is covered by forests . 
  there are plans to afforestate it back , but it would take a lot of money and the economic crash meant that iceland could n't afford to start such a big project , especially since it has a very small population . 
  those are soldiers in another country . 
  locals are paid at the local rates . 
  $ 1028/month is quite a bit higher than what the average police are paid in romania ( $ 300 for entry-level riot police to $ 600 for a regular policeman ) . 
  since somalia is substantially poorer , they 'll be able to find people willing to work for much less . 
  [ they did advertise with them : they occasionally had free lego toys with daily mail . 
  ] ( http://dadsbible.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/free-lego-toys-saturday-8th-october-and-sunday-9th-october-2016-poster.jpg ), 
  the yearly gdp/capita of somalia is $ 551 according to the world bank . 
  the average wage seems to be around $ 40-50 / month . 
  it seems high compared with the gdp because most people are not employees , but subsistence farmers . 
  if they were paid that average wage , the whole police force fund is worth around $ 0.25 million/month . 
  both saudi arabia and isis kill gays , witches , protesters , adulterers , atheists and blashphemers . 
  both saudi arabia and isis apply sharia , including its most barbaric customs such as cutting off hands for stealing . 
  both saudi arabia and isis do n't give equal rights to women , who must be draped in a burqa . 
  both saudi arabia and isis do n't support democracy . 
  actually , [ saudi arabia is an isis that has made it ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/21/opinion/saudi-arabia-an-isis-that-has-made-it.html ) . 
  the japanese system ( 2016\u5e7411\u670809\u65e5 ) ? 
  i would n't say that charlie hebdo is very representative of french humour . 
  for me : romania , hungary , bulgaria , greece , malta , italy , spain , france , austria , czechia , belgium , luxembourg , germany , poland , sweden , croatia , netherlands still missing : slovenia , slovakia , estonia , lithuania , latvia , finland , denmark , uk , ireland , portugal , cyprus, 
  or some kind of a husky . 
  too much rain . 
  they could n't assimilate while they were slaves . 
  you can integrate them , no question about it , but are you willing to do what it takes to integrate them ? 
  yeah , often the problem is not the law , but enforcement . 
  eastern europeans do n't have strong consumer protection institutions like western europe , so it 's harder to make a campaign to convince the producers to use better quality ingredients . 
   the food industry says differences in some products ' ingredients are simply due to the peculiarities of national tastes across the eu . 
  indeed . 
  eastern europeans have this taste pecularity : they like cheaper ingredients !, 
  when they buy fish sticks , they want it to have less fish !, 
   striga ( strzyga ) vampire that comes from slavic mythology   a strzyga is a female demon somewhat similar to vampire in slavic ( and especially polish ) folklore . 
  people who were born with two hearts and two souls and two sets of teeth ( the second one barely visible ) were believed to be strzygas . 
  hey , that 's borrowed from us and it 's of latin origin , cognate to italian `` strega '' , which means `` witch '' . 
  in romanian , it 's a female `` undead '' character . 
  the male counterpart is `` strigoi '' . 
  ( however , 80-90 % of the rest of romanian mythology is of slavic origin ), 
  the difference is that they have been in romania since the 14th century , they 're not recent immigrants . 
  without an big bad enemy , how can our governments justify the huge sums they spend for defense ? 
  how big is your kiwi farm ? 
  ( area / number of trees ), 
  everyone steals technology from everyone . 
  anyway , in this case , the chinese do n't actually steal technology , they buy the whole company . 
   they have instead improved struggling businesses post 1989 and expanded them improving poland 's economy . 
  the first romanian companies to be bought by foreign investors were those that made petroleum extraction equipment because we had an export market in the arab world , africa and south america . 
  they were , of course , closed down . 
  now those countries have to rely on western-made petroleum extraction equipment . 
  a car manufacturer ( aro ) was bought at a discounted price by an american investor ( who promised in the contract to invest some large sums ) , who then proceded to sell piece-by-piece the equipment of the factory before disappearing from the country . 
  and there are countless other factories , which were bought just for the land underneath , or the scrap iron , or the equipment ( for example , some had state-of-the-art japanese equipment , which could was worth far more than the sums for whcih they were privatized ) . 
  in romania , around 4-5 million jobs were lost in the process . 
  that 's why there 's a million romanians in italy , another one in spain and another one across europe . 
  now it 's not possible anymore because we no longer have enough capital . 
  however , you have to take into consideration that what happened in the 1990s was very unfair to us . 
  the eu and the us imposed ( through imf , mostly , like by imposing foreign exchange or banking policies ) onto our governments some measures that led to bankruptcy of many of our companies before buying them for a symbolic $ 1 . 
  if you want , i can give more details about what happened in romania , i can give you . 
  i heard that the same happened in other eastern european countries . 
  the result is that 98 of the top 100 exporters in romania are foreign-owned . 
  romanian capital is almost non-existent or was created just from speculations or corruption . 
  ( and which does not threaten western corporations ), 
  indeed . 
  let me quote from the human rights charter : * kids under 18 have the right to buy cigarettes * kids under 18 have the right to buy alcohol * kids under 18 have the right to buy sugary drinks . 
  it 's not rigged . 
  you have to take into consideration the fact that the pro-western parties were in power when the billion of dollars ( 20 % of gdp ) disappeared from a state-owned bank . 
  just because you 're pro-western , it does n't mean that you 're not a corrupt bastard . 
  young people are working in western europe or russia . 
   only in poland was there an underground organization devoted solely to helping jews what about denmark ? 
  the article talks about `` xenophobic far-right parties '' , not about centre-right parties . 
  i think those can become a problem in europe . 
  when all the politicians lie to you , it does n't matter that you fact-check . 
   it just boils my blood you know , this is democracy : people have the right to vote on what they think is their interest . 
  getting mad is pointless . 
  if they do n't trust us , they should not invest here . 
  corruption is a big problem when there is an `` investor protection '' law . 
  a foreign company can come here , bribe a governmental official to give them some illegal fiscal advantages and then sue the country for lost profit when the fiscal advantages are revoked . 
  this happened at least once in romania , when a company was supposed to receive around a hundred million euros in damages according to the ruling of one of those international business courts in the us using an investor protection treaty . 
  romania however did not pay after the european commission ordered it not to follow the ruling . 
  ( they actually said they will give us a fine if we 're paying the damages because the ruling was against european regulations ), 
  well , it 's definitely the most well-known bulgarian dish abroad . 
  in virtually every restaurant in romania you can find `` bulgarian salad '' in the menu . 
  look at romania , too . 
  well , it 's controversial due to the history of eugenics , which was mostly a pseudoscience that dictated policy in many countries before wwii . 
  from what we know , it seems that every population has pretty much the same bell curve of intelligence , from idiots to geniuses and part of it is dictated by genes . 
  however , it 's not as racists think : the intelligence seems to have been equally distributed across all populations , it 's as if for the survival of a community , you would need both bright and dumb people . 
  however , this potential intelligence does not always translate to real intelligence ( of which iq may be a very rough estimate ) due to environmental factors , such as inadequate food or lack of intellectual stimulus during childhood . 
  so the somali who was almost starving during his childhood may not be as bright as his gene would allow . 
  genes do n't matter , at least not at population level . 
  cultural values do matter . 
  the police is under the control of the government . 
  the government was the one setting up the rules that allowed multiple votes in the first place . 
  i 'm not talking about commercial isolation , even that would have been a major issue a decade or two ago . 
  i 'm talking about secret services doing their dirty tricks . 
  for instance , a kosovo could be triggered with the hungarian minority in romania and slovakia , with the turkish minority in bulgaria , maybe even with the russian minority in the baltics , etc. 
  or a `` colored revolution '' or a `` maidan '' could be triggered in the countries that are not `` pro-western '' enough . 
  that would have been not in the interest of western corporations , so we would have not been allowed to do it . 
  that 's a 2014 poll . 
  the debate over ttip was mostly fought in 2015 and early 2016 . 
  no , in romania , we actually have widespread fraud in elections . 
  and it 's not just that i read the newspapers and trust their reports : i have a few friends who were observers of some ngos in the elections in the countryside . 
  one of them was thrown out of the polling station and the mayor locked the door , so that only the representatives of the parties were allowed . 
  in another case , the village 's mayor fled with all the ballot papers ( i think the police intervened in that case and the mayor got criminal charges ) . 
  now , in the era of facebook , there were plenty of people who posted photos of the buses that went from village to village to vote .
