  there 's no rhetoric from the us against turkey like there is against russia . 
  the difference is that the state in those dictatorships does n't tell you how to live your life like the vatican does . 
  now it may not matter , since he is the dictator over a small hill in rome , but back in the days , the papal state controlled some regions in italy . 
  i remember seeing in a small town in italy a plaque commemorating the liberals executed in that place in early 19th century by the papal state for dissent . 
  if communism ca n't be excused , then why should christianity be excused from getting the nazi treatment ? 
  many of those `` impossible '' numbers are calculated using demographics statistics . 
  the problem is that this figure may include unborn children , people who died an early but natural death due to lower quality of life or inadequate food , people dying of disease , etc. 
  `` unnatural deaths '' does n't mean politically motivated murder . 
  if you do the same calculations on the us during the great depression , you would get similar figures ( i remember seeing this somewhere ) and this would probably be valid in eastern europe during the 1990s . 
  they do n't want to risk speaking to strangers . 
  right now , media credibility is at an all-time low in pretty much the whole world . 
  `` fake news '' websites would not be a problem if people trusted the mainstream press . 
   to foster distrust for the elected officials what if people distrust the elected officials for good reasons ? 
  for instance , stockholm has a serious ongoing housing crisis and the people are absolutely right to distrust the mainstream politicians ( both left and right ) , as they are unable or unwilling to handle it . 
  it did not question the fake information created by the us government about saddam 's wmd and it tried to justify the war using that fake information . 
   the nyt is n't controlled by the us government . 
  that 's right . 
  the us media is not controlled directly by the us government . 
  it is controlled by a handful of oligarchs who have very close ties with the us government . 
  the result is that in both countries , the people who control the government also control the media . 
  this is the government 's opinion of what 's the no 1 external threat . 
  i disagree with it . 
  i disagree with the official stance on what are the threats to romania . 
  i think the depopulation through emigration ( 20 % of the young people left the country in last decade ) and low birth rates are a much bigger threat to the country than russia . 
  if we keep things the same way , in a few decades we 'll see a collapse . 
  it 's a funny thing about the nation 's interest that it may change instantly when the government changes . 
  people are saying things i do n't want to hear . 
  i do n't know if you 've followed new york times back in 2003 right before the iraqi invasion , it contained a lot of propaganda in favor of the war . 
  i think thomas friedman 's nyt op-eds from that period are an excellent example of propaganda . 
  this was from the most `` liberal '' mainstream newspaper . 
  only after the war was started , their editorial stance relaxed and they allowed open criticism of the war . 
  hostile to what you think your nation 's interest is . 
  you 're mistakingly assuming that venezuela had a working economy to begin with . 
  somewhere on the internet there was a collage of photos of various psd leaders meeting soros back when he was not yet used as a scarecrow . 
  greece 13 % ? 
  there are so many cats on the greek islands and only 13 % own one ? 
  maybe because those cats are not owned by a household . 
  dark skin , roma facial features , some of them speak roma among themselves . 
  anyway , if you 're a bucharester , you probably know that most street cleaners are roma . 
  well , the low wages for less qualified people in romania is what drove many of them to western europe . 
  in sweden , they beg and dig for recyclables in the trash cans in metro stations and they gather around 4-500 $ / month from this , more than double the minimum wage in romania . 
  that 's funny : in bucharest , on construction sites , i see that most of the workers are roma . 
  on a construction site down my street , they are even roma speakers ( which means they 're probably from a village , as those in the cities tend not to speak their language anymore ) . 
  they work 6 days a week , 12 hours a day for a poverty wage of a bit over 200 $ / month , definitely not enough to lift them out of poverty . 
  the same is valid for garbagemen , for street cleaners , for green space maintenance , for janitors , for every kind of `` dirty '' and hard work that is paid minimum wage . 
  but let 's just repeat the stereotypes that they do n't want to work . 
  in bucharest , it 's higher than the minimum net wage . 
  * average 25 sq. 
  m apartment : 260 $ . 
  * minimum net wage : 206 $ . 
  it 's easier to improve if you are rock bottom . 
  actually , our currency is named after [ the lion on dutch coins which circulated here in 17th century . 
   i actually work in crop improvement . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , the gmo issue is europe 's creationism . 
  europe 's crop yield is higher than the one in the us and the yield growth during the last 20 years was similar . 
  also , europe 's usage of pesticides per hectare is substantially lower than in the us and , unlike in the us , it 's going down . 
  europe focused on productivity and the effect to the environment . 
  the us focused only on cost and profits . 
  maybe the us has something to learn from europe 's agriculture , not the other way around . 
  sometimes , a couple cents cheaper is n't worth the pollution . 
  gmos allowed american farmers to increase the amount of pesticides they used ( the most common gmos have glyphosate resistance genes ) , without increasing the productivity beyond what we have in europe . 
  that military base is n't nato , it 's us . 
  ( of course , it 's a stupid distinction ), 
  or `` bribes '' , as they are known locally . 
  we have a huge deficit of doctors ( mostly due to the low budget ) , so access to healthcare is often obtained by paying bribes to the individual doctor . 
   private spending is enormous in romania but goes unreported . 
  no , private spending is accounted for in those statistics . 
  what is not accounted are informal payments . 
  if it were not `` free '' , it would be even more expensive . 
  the us spends [ 17.5 % of its gdp ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/fastats/health-expenditures.htm ) for healthcare ( 2014 figures ) . 
  actually , the food of stockholm is pretty good , if you avoid actual swedish food . 
  locals seem to do that , too . 
  if you live in a bland food country , immigration is a pretty good thing . 
  well , they 're not trying to destroy europe , they 're trying to make it weak , disunited and irrelevant . 
  czestochowa ( `` often hides '' ) should get twinned with the romanian town of pite\u0219ti ( `` you 're hiding '' ) . 
  no , merkel can be controlled in other ways : most likely she collaborated with stasi in ddr . 
  this is the way they typically do it in eastern europe . 
  it was not part of the soviet union in the 1920s . 
  it seems that speaking english leads to fluoridation !, 
  fluoridation is not banned in the eu ; with the exception of ireland it 's simply not done . 
   that info came from a dubious blog with no source . 
  the numbers were confirmed by a former director as roughly correct . 
   but the western mentality of `` if you cry hard enough change happens '' is simply childish . 
  `` crying '' does n't help . 
  massive protests do help . 
  the government did back down on the mining project only because of the popular outrage . 
   i really do n't like conspiracy theories , but man everything points to this . 
  i truly think psd '' created '' that 's not a conspiracy theory . 
  every leader of the party came from psd as if they were given an order to move there . 
  the analysts and other staff comes from psd , etc. 
  our secret services ( we have at least 6 of them ) have more employees than the secret services of britain , france and germany together . 
  they have more full-time staff than the securitate used to have before 1989 . 
  we pay for law and order ( as a percentage of the national budget ) more than any other eu country . 
  but yeah , all of this is just a conspiracy theory . 
  unfortunately , it 's not because romanians do n't hold any extremist views , but rather bacause we do n't have a real democracy . 
  everything seems to be controlled by the secret services , including all parties , all the press , etc. 
  it 's mostly just a radical neoliberal party . 
  it 's definitely not populist because they do n't care what the masses think ... 
  for romania , it 's ( slightly ) wrong . 
  it was indeed first time legalized in the 1950s by the communist government which was under soviet influence , but ceau\u0219escu banned it again in 1966 after he got some independence from the soviet union .
