  placenta was named after the ancient roman cake , not the other way around . 
  it 's 2 % in absolute figures , but the number of poor increased by 35 % . 
  2nd world , please . 
  now that the brits are leaving the eu , we can modify english as we please . 
  i propose we have an english language academy in paris to regulate eu english . 
  the detonations cause earthquake-like tremors that will be detected by sensors across the world . 
   we 're too poor to give them enough money in pensions because that would ruin our economy . 
  we 're already paying 30 % of our budget into social security - i.e. 
  pensions . 
  maybe your budget is too small as percentage of gdp ? 
  government spending in latvia is much lower than the one of all other eu countries . 
  if you would get to the level of germany ( which is itself quite thrifty compared with france or scandinavia ) , you would have no such problem . 
  it depends on how you define `` employment '' . 
  subsistence farmers are occupied , but not employees . 
   university tuition was free for almost everyone i know then why are there so many people with student loans ? 
  `` approximately 43 million have student loans , with an average balance of $ 30,000 . '', 
   healthcare is provided by employers in the us . 
  then why are there tens of millions of uninsured people , many of whom are working ? 
  in the us , you make more money and you use that money to pay for medical insurance , university tuition , etc. 
  in sweden , the medical insurance and university tuition are included in those taxes . 
  so it 's not a fair comparison . 
  it 's a poverty wage . 
  in bucharest , you can rent a small studio apartment in the outskirts for 200 $ / month . 
  you need another at least 100 $ for utilities , water , electricity , heating , cellphone , internet etc. 
  that leaves you with 100 $ / month on which to live on . 
  the prices for everything else ( such as groceries ) are not very different from germany . 
  the employees number does n't include the subsistence farmers . 
  the 3 million is probably  98 % subsistence farming . 
   and you came to this conclusion based on what data ? 
  us spends 17 % of its gdp ( $ 9727/capita ) for healthcare . 
  # 37 healthcare system according to who . 
  americans live 79 years . 
  italy spends 9 % of its gdp ( $ 2726/capita ) for healthcare . 
  # 2 healthcare system according to who . 
  italians live 83 years . 
  there 's an even smaller difference between the hospital 's janitor ( minimum wage , 320 $ ) and a junior doctor ( resident doctor , 400 $ ) . 
   the state is overly inflated . 
  too many areas are state monopolies . 
  such as what ? 
  in romania , there are private schools , private hospitals , private electricity , private water , private gas , etc. 
  what is still a state monopoly ? 
   state-owned hospitals that suffer from corruption or inefficiency and provide mediocre service private-owned hospitals that suffer from corruption or inefficiency and provide mediocre service are better ? 
  i 'm talking about the us , which spends huge amounts of money on healthcare , but they get far less results than western europe . 
  the elephant in the room is that a large number of people are subsistence farmers . 
  during the communist era , they worked in factories . 
  now that the factories were closed , they had to revert to subsistence farming . 
   too many people employed by the state too many doctors ? 
  too many teachers ? 
  too many bus drivers ? 
  too many soldiers ? 
  too many policemen and gendarmes ? 
  too many firefighters ? 
  you 're probably talking about the 200.000 people working in local administration . 
  i do n't think that 's a huge number . 
  of course , you could improve the efficiency , but they are fewer than the teachers ( 290.000 ) or army and police ( 260.000 ) . 
  in romania , this discourse is working . 
  in bucharest , we have : * private garbage collection ( the mayor 's friends ) * private water and sewerage ( price increased 15 times since the privatization ) * private gas distribution ( price increased 5 times ) * private electricity distribution ( the company has to pay 400 million $ for not respecting the privatization contract ) * private fibre optics network ( again , corruption helps getting monopoly contracts ) * private lighting ( paid by the state ) * private ambulances ( when i called 112 a few years ago , a private ambulance came , contracted by the state ) * private hospitals ( the middle class avoids the underfunded state hospitals ) * private universities ( mostly just diploma mills ) * private for-profit schools ( subsidized by the state with the same money as the public schools ) * private trains * private street cleaning * private guards for all public buildings for virtually all of them , a bribe was paid to someone to get the contracts . 
  it 's embarassing because he 's making up figures . 
   a population of 24 million romania never had 24 million people . 
  not even in 1990 . 
  and since then , we 've had not just out-migration , but also natural decrease due to low birth rates . 
  the current population is 19.6 million . 
  this is the figure you should take in consideration . 
   pensions at an average of 300 euro , you 're making up figures . 
  the average pension is way lower than this , it 's around 900 ron ( 200 $ / month ) . 
  also , this average is affected the `` special '' pensions ( judges , prosecutors , military , secret services , police , etc. ), 
  of up to 3000 $ / month , so the median is even lower , perhaps around 150 $ . 
  19.6 million according to eurostat , but that includes people `` temporarily '' abroad . 
  without them , it 's more like 18 million . 
   only 4.61 million people are gainfully employed that 's half of the number of employees there were in 1990 . 
  this is what happens when you close down virtually all the industry . 
  ah , the good old argument that teachers , doctors , firefighters , administrative workers , postmen and other state employees are evil , overpaid , corrupt and they should be fired and replaced by private sector employees . 
  yes , i know the argument : 400 $ / month wage is already too high for the teachers and that the corrupt doctors do n't deserve more than the 500 $ / month wages they got . 
  an alternative fact , even . 
   14 ) newspeak - too early , we 'll see . 
   `` alternative facts '', 
  there 's a huge difference between the average performance and the performance of the elite . 
  they also have private funding from qatar and the emirates . 
  but yes , virtually all of the funds come from `` our allies '' . 
  this is exactly why even countries like japan ( which has a big population and little good agricultural land ) are net food exporters . 
  there 's one thing about not being neutral and another to be a propaganda paper of the clinton campaign , like washington post was . 
  for instance , [ it published hundreds of stories against bernie sanders ( including a famous streak of 16 negative stories in 16 hours ) ] ( http://www.commondreams.org/views/2016/03/08/washington-post-ran-16-negative-stories-bernie-sanders-16-hours ) . 
  this is not journalism , this is a hatchet job . 
  at least nytimes tries to pretend it 's neutral . 
  washington post does n't do that anymore . 
   the problem of greece , my country , is really simple : we spend a lot more than we earn . 
  even if you were to spend less , it is not possible to ever pay your debt . 
  the current gdp-to-debt ratio is 180 % of gdp . 
  this means that , without the `` special deal '' from the eu , you would have to pay ( at current market interest rates ) 13.68 % of your gdp just to pay for interest rates . 
  that 's simply not possible , no matter what you 'd do . 
  ok , then the map on wikipedia is slightly outdated . 
  you 're using a bullshit theory to convince yourself that spanking is the same as taking a child in your arms . 
  no , it 's not the same . 
   so how do you raise children ? 
  simple : without beating them . 
  the way millions of parents do it . 
  i was n't spanked by my parents and i 'm not spanking my son , either . 
  explaining to your children does work , even for 2 year olds . 
  also , you need to take in consideration that if your child has bad behaviour , it might be because they feel they do n't get enough attention . 
   for an example : taking a child and putting him by force into a room .
