   huge chunks of internal politics were left with some room for freedom for choice of the local government actually , if the local politicians did not respect what the soviets said , there 'll be a soviet invasion . 
  both hungary and czechoslovakia witnessed that . 
  in both cases , the reformists were far from anti-communists , they wanted a better socialism : `` socialism with a human face '' , etc. 
   once again it 's clear that western europeans should go through their own age of it to learn how terrible of a system and idea it is . 
  i am a eastern european , born in the socialist republic of romania and yet i do n't share your views . 
  of course the system in place in eastern europe was terrible , but dismissing `` socialism '' and `` communism '' because of that is like dismissing `` democracy '' because of what is happening in iraq and egypt . 
  why do you assume that you 'd have to be a shill or even support putin in order to upvote some of those comments ? 
  i strongly dislike putin , but i support the russian speakers of ukraine , just like i support the chechens and all other minorities that have been repressed . 
  i do n't believe in `` choosing '' one side and then sticking with that side 's government view . 
   in fact , if we replace our politicians with the swedish ones , we 'll become sweden i 'd say that this is not far from the truth . 
  i work at a scandinavian company and the top and middle management is mostly scandinavian ( mostly norwegian and danish ) and it 's very obvious how it changed the romanians working here . 
  the way romanians work in this company is closer to the scandinavian working style ( consensus decision-making , collaboration , relaxed , optimistic etc ) instead of the romanian working style ( individualistic , authoritarian leadership , argument-prone , stressed-out , pessimistic etc. 
   come to think about it , i 'm a software developer in romania ... 
  in bucharest , if you have a few years of experience and you 're paid under 10 $ / h ( gross wage ) , you 're most likely underpaid . 
  somewhere in bavaria ? 
  everyone should post this to their facebook pages . 
   being naked is different , and i do not think it 's comparable . 
  why is it different ? 
  both are cultural norms . 
  in parts of africa , australasia and the amazon , it 's perfectly acceptable to walk around nude , just like in parts of the muslim world is acceptable for women to walk around with the face covered . 
  but in many parts of eastern europe , we do n't really have welfare state . 
  certainly not in romania , unless you consider the 20 $ / month enough . 
  it was still practiced in the early 1990s in the village where my grandparents lived . 
  they would n't be allowed to issue british pounds anymore , but they can continue using banknotes already in circulation or banknotes issued by the bank of england . 
  romania : [ * paparud\u0103 * ( ** rain dance ** ) . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e5/paparuda-1905.jpg ) when there is draught , people gather on the village 's main street , they dress a young girl with leaves and branches and they begin to sing and dance while women of the village spill water on the girl . 
  the ritual was originally dedicated to the slavic god of thunder perun . 
  ( perun was the slavic equivalent of norse thor ), 
   how 's the romanian justice system ticking over these days ? 
  there 's a new generation of prosecutors and judges who is not corrupt , so every week they arrest a new batch of corrupt politicians and businesmen . 
  unfortunately , the people replacing the arrested people are just as corrupt . 
  the parties make sure that no honest person will get any power . 
   has the transition from a totalitarian system to democracy worked well ? 
  theoretically , we choose between various parties , but all people in all parties are the same . 
  if i , as a honest person , were to join a party , i 'd be kicked out soon . 
  they do n't want people who are not willing to support the corrupt clique . 
  it may seem wrong at first , but after a bit of thought it 's right . 
  war only exists because of the dehumanization of the enemy in propaganda . 
  the germans dehumanized the jews and the soviets , the americans and soviets dehumanized the germans , etc. 
  but everyone involved , even the worst of them , were still people . 
  we should never forget this . 
  alcohol consumption among working-age russians now 50 percent higher than in 1960, 
  i guess not having an army helps . 
  the way things are now , i do n't think this will happen in `` a few years '' . 
  maybe in 20-30 years , if we 're lucky . 
  currently , in romania , over 40 % of households do n't have an indoor toilet , which is basically almost all the rural houses and some of the urban houses . 
  ( mostly in the outskirts of the towns and cities ) many villages do n't even have water utilities and rely on wells that are tainted by the leakings from the outhouses . 
  many cities do n't fully reprocess their wastewater and they simply discharge it in the rivers . 
  bucharest 's first waste processing plant was only opened a couple of years ago and it can only handle half of the need . 
  ( the second sewage treatment plant will open next year ), 
  and polluting the aquifer . 
  iirc , romania , bulgaria and poland make up 90 % of the total number of eu 's dwellings without bathrooms . 
  i think op meant `` dwellings '' ( i.e. 
  apartments or houses ) , not apartments . 
  actually , the corruption investigations will only start after his presidency . 
  he 's got some immunity now . 
   since you believe the communism is the solution to all ills http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/straw_man, 
   i do n't think it 's related to communism . 
  it 's something much older in romania , bulgaria , yugoslavia , the emancipation only occurred during the communist era . 
  before wwii , women did not even have the right to vote in national elections . 
  he was attacked by evenimentul zilei , adev\u0103rul , g\u00e2ndul and other newspapers as well . 
  my bet is that his name wo n't be on the ballot paper . 
  we can be ally with the us without any american troops in the eu . 
  actually , i 'd agree with american troops in the eu as long as we can have some troops on us soil . 
  well , there are french ground troops in mali . 
  actually , a good percentage of the public sector wages do return to the government ( income tax , medical insurance , social security contributions , pensions , vat , etc. ), 
  and the spending does go through the keynesian multiplier that increases the gdp . 
  maybe he did n't use the best phrasing , but he 's not technically wrong : lowering the wages did decrease the gdp and state budget . 
  klaus johannis is definitely not perfect , but he 's far better than all the other possible candidates . 
  but even if he gets to be the joint candidate of the national liberals and democratic liberals , he would have zero chances without media support . 
  for instance , when he announced he could be the candidate , the whole press , regardless of political affiliation , began attacking him senselessly . 
  one reason they did that was that he opposes shale gas extraction , so they called him `` traitor '' , `` russian agent '' and what-not . 
  they probably studied it in school and they can hold a basic conversation . 
  change your flag to a nordic cross and pretend you 're scandinavian . 
  also , the problem is not just rapeseed , it 's also [ horizontal gene transfer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horizontal_gene_transfer ) . 
  sooner or later , a weed will get the resistance genes from the crop . 
  however , resistance to diseases is a good thing . 
  for instance , gmo papaya that is immune to the papaya ringspot virus . 
  yes , i can imagine it , and i think it 's the only way for europe to be successful in today 's globalized world . 
  the language problem is the greatest one . 
  we 'll need , sooner or later , to accept english as our main communication language . 
   american troops in my country are the most gentle and caring people our elders have ever seen . 
  my brother 's girlfriend 's grandfather was killed by a us army vehicle on a pedestrian crossing . 
  the soldier doing it was immediately taken to the us and he was not prosecuted because he had orders not to stop the vehicle for any reason . 
  a decade ago , we had a big scandal over a speeding drunk us marine who killed in a car crash a popular rock singer ( teo peter ) . 
  this soldier was also taken away from romania and cleared of manslaughter charges . 
  it 's safe to assume that their soldiers have immunity here and our government accepts that . 
  i would prefer a eu army and the complete withdrawal of the american troops from the eu . 
   us is pushing europe to spend more on defense the us has by far the highest weapons research spending , so if you want to spend more on high-tech warfare , you need to buy from the us . 
  so , of course they want europe to spend more on buying weapons from the united states . 
  exactly . 
  i am a supporter of the idea of gmo , but commercial gmos today are : * worse for the environment ( most of them are roundup resistant , which means farmers simply use more pesticides ) * worse in the long run for the farmers because they become dependent on one company * worse for competition in the seed production field * worse for everyone but monsanto . 
  it 's absurd that our patent system allows patenting what was created by nature . 
  what monsanto did was simply identifying what a gene does and then copying it to another plant and they get exclusive rights for using that gene . 
  when they 'll create a gene out of scratch , not take one which already exists in nature , i 'll agree with their patents . 
   fracking companies are 100 % exempt from environmental regulation in the u.s. 
  in europe , costs for environmental protection would make investments even less viable in western europe , yes , which is why france , germany , italy , austria wo n't allow any fracking . 
  however , in eastern europe , you can bribe politicians in order to get shale gas 100 % extempted from environmental regulations or even regular taxation . 
  does blocking tax investigations happens in the white house as well ? 
   on a second tape , which the paper said was recorded in february , a former government official is heard discussing a tax investigation of his wife 's business with a deputy finance minister .
