  publicly . 
  and , apparently , without chagrin . 
  ** all ** top politicians lie . 
  blatantly . 
  publicly . 
  and , apparently , without chagrin . 
  there are plenty of reasons to attack putin , but lying is simply part of the game . 
  it may be a nasty part of politics , but it 's so widespread that attacking just one politician over this is silly . 
  also , would n't it be more effective to attack his actions , rather than his words ? 
  ... or it might be the wrong side of the barrier , again . 
  actually , if russia had as much resources as the us , they would try ( and succeed ) in bringing down the mexican state . 
   failure to do so would show the 28-nation bloc was heading down the wrong path . 
  translation : `` if you do n't do what i want , you 're wrong ! '', 
  our ? 
  russia is definitely not my enemy . 
  it never has to do with the people , but it 's always that the people who are suffering . 
  reminds me how it had nothing to do with the iraqi people when the us made the embargo during the 1990s , but in the end , the led to the death of 500.000 iraqi children . 
  when madeleine albright was asked whether the death of 500.000 children was worth it , [ she answered yes . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0wdcycuj4o ) i 'm pretty sure the us , uk and france , if they could , they would n't blink killing a few million russians in order to get rid of putin . 
  of course !, 
  if we have 99 % of the articles anti-russia and 1 % pro-russia , the anti-russia articles are objective , fair and balanced journalists , while the 1 % are paid propaganda shills . 
   i 've learned to hate russians   all through my whole life   if another war comes   it 's them we must fight   to hate them and fear them   to run and to hide   and accept it all bravely   with god on my side . 
    [ ... ]   and you never ask questions   when god 's on your side . 
  oh , the cia is activating its propaganda journalists again !, 
  yeah , we should all support the only real alternative in syria : the jihadis . 
  because millions of montenegrins would move to london !, 
   what is the mainstream romanian opinion on how to deal with certain ethnically differing regions it 's simple : the union is simply not part of the mainstream discourse . 
  politicians of all colours try to ignore it and the press does the same . 
  now about regular people : there are many who think some kind of a deal with transnistria should be done . 
  for instance giving up on the parts were russians or ukrainians are a majority . 
  yes , but typically they 're not about foreign policy . 
  this would not be in the interest of either russia or the us . 
  russia 's opinion can be explained quite easily : they would lose another `` buffer '' country between nato and them . 
  the us opinion , recently voiced in a rather undiplomatic way by their ambassador , is also against the union . 
  i do n't know the department of state reasoning behind this , but most likely it 's that by an union with moldova , we might not care about russia . 
  what about the people ? 
  well , it 's obvious that romanians want a union , but there 's no mainstream politician who is an outspoken supporter of this . 
   where the state is unable to carry out its basic functions moldova 's state barely can survive on its own . 
  without the help of romania and the west , it would collapse . 
  moldova has had pro-eu/pro-western governments for quite a while , doing the reforms that westerners recommend and yet , no visible results . 
  when there was that $ 1 billion theft , pro-western and pro-russian politicians colluded . 
  well , those are n't necessarily eu propaganda , but american points-of-view . 
  for instance , the french and german leadership do n't necessarily view the uk departure as something bad , it 's the americans who dislike it . 
  putin being hitler is not the german view ( the german business community hates it , they like to do business with russia ) , but an american view . 
  the `` refugee '' policy does n't make much sense for europe from any point-of-view ( left or right , liberal or nationalist ) . 
  for instance , as a leftist i really dislike merkel 's policy because it led to thousands of refugees drowning . 
  actually , the eu does n't have its own propaganda because it does n't have clear policies . 
  what we see in europe is mostly american propaganda , with some individual countries ' propaganda ( mostly french , with some german and british , but they tend to adopt the american views ) . 
   the russian government is aggressively employing a wide range of tools [ ... ] to create the perception of failed states in the eu 's eastern neighbourhood if by `` eu 's eastern neighbourhood '' they mean ukraine and moldova , there 's no need to convince anyone that they are failed states . 
  you just have to look at the imf statistics . 
  in gdp per capita , ukraine is # 134 , moldova is # 137 . 
  that 's lower than the republic of congo ( # 133 ) and just a notch above india ( # 140 ) , definitely way below any other european countries . 
  i propose to lump them together with malaria . 
  `` russia , isis and malaria are destroying the world ! '', 
  could be the new slogan . 
  it 's funny that it 's president erdo\u011fan who has become a burden on humanity . 
  people leaving the country . 
  [ according to a bank of greece report , half a million greeks have left since the crisis started . 
  ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/210072/article/ekathimerini/news/nearly-half-a-million-greeks-have-left-bank-of-greece-report-finds ), 
  varoufakis may be a bit of a marxist theorist , but his ideas were definitely not applied in greece . 
  the marxist `` solution '' would have been nationalizing the banks and giving workers more powers . 
  what goodwill ? 
  was there any goodwill involved ? 
   did n't he do enough harm to greece already ? 
  of course , he is at fault for greece 's problems !, 
  pretty much . 
  we certainly had serfdom and it worked exactly the same for the peasants . 
  however , the system worked a bit different from what was in western europe , particularly in the relationship between the feudal lords and the king ( or rather , prince ) and the lack of `` divine right of kings '' . 
   selling is not stealing . 
  selling is sometimes stealing , especially in countries where corruption is rife . 
  in romania , a majority share in the national oil company was sold for less than the profit of the company the following year after it was sold . 
  of course , corruption was involved in the selling . 
   the war is won already . 
  it 's an ongoing struggle . 
  usd * can * lose its status as the universal currency . 
   it was won ever since the us was the only massive industrial power not damaged by two world wars . 
  and now it 's no longer the only massive industrial power . 
  the industrial output of china ( $ 4.61 trillion ) and the eu ( $ 3.92 trillion ) are already higher than the industrial output of the us ( $ 3.8 trillion ) . 
  actually , those 270,000 are romanian jews who were killed ( some of them sent by the hungarians to auschwitz ) , but romanians killed jews abroad as well , particularly in the odessa region . 
  in transnistria ( which was under the romanian occupation ) , around 100,000 jews were killed , mostly by the romanian gendermes , romanian military and german ss . 
   because people will confuse them with us . 
  and you think you can convince them to change the name of their ethnicity because you want ? 
   the confusion between gypsies and romanians is a huge pr disaster on our part . 
  the ethnicity is irrelevant ( and fluid sometimes ) , those people are romanian citizens anyway . 
   can we please just fucking stop calling them `` roma '' ? 
  why ? 
  that 's the way they called themselves for many centuries . 
  sweden first , then get the danelaw back !, 
  denmark wants to invade sweden again !, 
  exactly what i meant in my post . 
   it 's meaningless if we do n't do anything differently . 
  you can hear romanians saying it was a bad thing what we did to the jews , but at the same time , they say racist things on the roma ... 
  actually , there is a jewish museum in bucharest ( founded in 1978 ) which does does discuss the topic of holocaust in romania ( but obviously , it focuses more on their culture and history , so the holocaust is just a room in it ) . 
  trudeau 2015 is like obama 2008 . 
  you 'll get tired of him in a few years and you 'll have to choose between a corrupt lunatic and an orange blob having an impulsive urge to build walls and make others pay for them . 
  ww1 happened because a total war seemed unthinkable . 
  both sides thought it would be a quick war with few casualties . 
  due to the start of that war , probably several hundreds of million died , not only the millions dead on the battlefields of flanders and france , but the tens of millions who died of disease ( including the `` spanish flu '' ) , the dead in stalin 's era ( who got in power only because of the war ) and even wwii , which was basically a continuation of wwi . 
  there are some historians who argue that a swift end of wwi ( with either side winning ) would have been better for everyone involved . 
  yeah , but by paying taxes does not force me to be in a certain place for a year or so .
