  if the tories really had policies supporting small companies , i 'd expect the trend to be the other way . 
  literally all the commerce had been privatized by then , virtually all the services and small industry and much of the big industry . 
  this resulted in a loss of around 4 million jobs . 
  the is tory government is pushing neoliberal reforms , which are not helping small businesses , but the big finance and multinationals . 
  that was in 1990 . 
  starting with 1991 , they gradually did liberal reforms , and by 2000 , all the major companies in industry and commerce had already been privatized . 
  this is excluding people born in sweden . 
  only for the year 2015 figures and only people aged 16 + : * syria : 16506 * eritrea : 5051 * poland : 4440 * turkey : 2513 * india : 2412 * iraq : 2219 * germany : 2201 * finland : 2151 * uk : 2042 * norway : 2018 * china : 1986, 
  january-november 2016 figures : * natural growth : +26 k ( births +108 k ; deaths -82 k ) * net migration : +104 k ( immigrants : +146 k ; emigrants : -42 k ) [ source ] ( http://www.scb.se/contentassets/06aa855570cd4deb8c3b7a4208819730/be0101tab20nov_eng.xlsx ), 
   we could always bring it back the press ( which is owned by some large multinationals ) will ignore it , then attack it . 
  the secret services ( domestic and foreign ) will attack it , trying to set up scandals on the politicians . 
  the politicians ( left and right ) in the pockets of the multinationals will attack it . 
  of course , if you have strong people , you could overcome all this , but that 's not easy . 
  the living standards definitely went down by a lot during the 1990s , no question about it . 
  for instance , on january 1 , 2000 , the monthly minimum wage was worth 23 $ ( that was worth about 30 $ in today 's money ) . 
  it was only after we were allowed to go to western europe and millions of romanians left the country to work there ( illegally at first , then legally ) that there was a pressure on the domestic wages to increase due to shortages of workers . 
  i 'm talking about his economic policies , about which some leftists might care a bit more than his geopolitical and cultural ideas . 
   other liberals want to give people a lot more choice in the economy by reducing the power of large multinationals i think that kind of liberalism is pretty much dead virtually everywhere in the world . 
  i do n't see even social-democrats trying to take on the large multinationals . 
  he never said he supported racism or xenophobia or other `` nasty '' policies . 
  just because le pen supports a certain piece of policy , it does n't mean it 's wrong . 
  hitler supported banning smoking in workplaces , building motorways and infrastructure . 
  should we oppose these policies just because hitler liked them ? 
  that kind of liberalization typically lead to more inequality : less money for the masses , far more money for the elites . 
  even if the total gdp might rise , the living standards for the vast majority might go down . 
  it may not be a bad thing for france , but it would would a terrible deal for the frenchmen . 
  the press is less relevant than it used to be . 
  virtually the whole american press supported hillary clinton and they failed to make her president . 
   people expect him to do any better [ the hype is manufactured by the press ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tbgerkv.jpg ) . 
  the oligarchy is afraid that fillon would not win against le pen ( some leftists would just stay at home rather than vote for a thatcher ) , so they 're trying to put all their hopes into a `` centrist '' candidate , which would get votes from both the left and the right . 
  they do n't rule the white house . 
  yet . 
  she 's still loyal to the liberal establishment . 
  thank god there is merkel who is doing the us 's will in europe . 
  they can only destroy all the biggest cities of the world twice , not ten times , like they used to . 
  the explanation is simple : pay-per-play , the press is just as corrupt as the politicians . 
  the publications receive money ( usually officially for `` ads '' ) in exchange for allowing `` guests '' to write editorials . 
  this is not just the british press ( the guardian , the telegraph , the daily mail , etc. ), 
  who attack romania 's fight against corruption , but parts of the american press as well . 
  for instance , a couple of years ago , [ new york times published an editorial titled `` romania 's anti-corruption mania '' ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/05/opinion/romanias-anti-corruption-mania.html ) :  bucharest , romania -- with its wide , tree-lined boulevards and belle \u00c9poque buildings , this city was once known as little paris . 
  today , romania 's capital feels more reminiscent of the french revolution as it is roiled by a ** legal reign of terror . 
  ** [ ... ] romania 's anti-corruption campaign has rapidly metastasized into an ** illiberal crusade ** . 
  the public 's insatiable appetite for justice only exacerbates the threat to the country 's democratic future . 
    romania 's democratic development would be better served by a public process whereby ** past misdeeds were acknowledged , documented and then forgiven . 
  norway has a gdp of $ 368 billion , so it 's 10 % of that . 
  it 's a huge number . 
  the equivalent for spain would be $ 120 billion . 
  actually , it 's currently 275 $ / month ( gross ) . 
  the government announced they intend to increase it to 319 $ / month . 
  still , it 's way too low . 
  the skilled people are often not where they are needed . 
  the shortage is basically in bucharest and cluj ( for service workers ) and in the counties of arad and timi\u0219 ( for industrial workers ) . 
  the skilled people are spread out across the country , former workers of now-closed factories or people who worked in western europe and returned . 
  many of them live off subsistence agriculture or , for the people who worked for some years in western europe , from their savings . 
  they ca n't move to the places where there is a workforce demand because they ca n't afford to pay rent on a minimum wage . 
  for instance , rent in bucharest for a small one-bedroom apartment in the outskirts of the city is 200 $ / month . 
  that 's almost the whole minimum wage . 
  additionally , many of the people who choose to move prefer a 2000 $ / month wage in germany than a 300 $ / month wage in romania , for the same job . 
  the deficit is for people being paid minimum wage ( 250 $ ) . 
  pay a decent wage and you will not have a problem finding skilled people . 
  the chemtrails are anti-christian !, 
  we have 63 cm of snow in bucharest . 
  in the us this issue is solved through the federal government jobs and the national welfare system . 
  the federal government gives pretty much the same wages across the country . 
  in the eu , the same government job ( from various national governments ) may have wages varying from 250 $ to 4000 $ . 
  similarly , the social welfare is very different : benefits may be 30 $ or 1000 $ per month , depending on the country . 
  all birds are technically dinosaurs . 
  no , what 's happening today is getting taxes from the middle class in rich countries and giving the money to the rich in poor countries . 
  the poor do n't own construction companies and they do n't have enough money to start a business . 
  the poor do get some infrastructure , but you ca n't eat that . 
  the only real effect on the poor is that they are allowed to immigrate to western countries and get better paying jobs . 
  5-10 million eastern europeans already did this ( of which at least 2 million romanians , 2 million poles , 1 million bulgarians , etc. ) . 
  but this is not helping the development of their home countries . 
  and some sort of a redistribution of wealth to the less productive countries . 
  venezuela has been both mismanaged and under attack because of its foreign policy . 
  evo morales had the good sense to focus on the economic reforms that benefited the common people without proclaiming that the us is the devil . 
  it may look like that when using zoom and a filter . 
  russian gas . 
  the pre-wwii leader of the romanian fascists ( corneliu zelea codreanu ) was born to a german mother ( eliza brauner ) and a partly ukrainian father ( ion zelinski , who changed his name to zelea codreanu ) . 
  it 's the only nato member that has no army . 
  a little known fact is that romania received many polish refugees during wwii , even though eventually we were friendly towards the axis , which we eventually joined in their war . 
  one of those refugees was hosted by my great-grandparents , but i do n't know more details , other than that he returned to poland after the war . 
  are n't people from sk\u00e5ne just danes in disguise ? 
  the reason why people shoot each other in the us is not just that they have guns . 
  the swiss and scandinavians have plenty of guns , but they do n't shoot each other . 
  it 's a combination of deep inequality and poverty ( in the inner cities ) , deeply entrenched racism ( in the rural south ) and a culture that does not allows people to get clean after a life of crime ( it 's very difficult to get a job after a criminal conviction ) . 
  no , it does not prove that . 
  their primary surplus is around 3,5 % of gdp . 
  their debt is 180 % of gdp . 
  this means that , without paying any of the principal , they can afford to pay an interest rate of 1,94 % . 
  the market is willing to lend money to greece at an interest rate of 7,11 % . 
  using the current market conditions , in order for the debt to be sustainable , they 'd need a primary surplus of 12,79 % . 
  (  $ 25 billion ), 
  cnn cited an unnamed us government insider as the source for its entire story . 
  basically , they failed the number one rule of journalism : do n't rely on a single source , verify before publishing . 
  of course , they wanted to be the first to report on this , so they failed to do any verification . 
  and if you have debt and you leave the country , who is going to make you pay for that debt ? 
  and we 're currently increasing our military spending instead of healthcare spending . 
  and the eu wo n't do nothing because the lobby of eastern europe is almost inexistent , whereas the lobby of those western-owned companies is pretty strong . 
   now salaries are rising so the 200 $ net wage will grow by 10 % ?
