  for instance : * an average 15 year old woman has 0.0001 children on average * an average 16 year old woman has 0.001 children on average * ... * an average 27 year old woman has 0.09 children on average * an average 28 year old woman has 0.10 children on average * etc. 
  you add up the numer of children for each age and you get the fertility rate . 
  it does n't take into consideration how many or few 27 year old women are in the country . 
  the ideals of western civilization ? 
  the arms deals continue even today . 
  using the same argument , nazism sprung up in a democracy , therefore democracy is evil . 
  the middle east had equally diverse dress styles , before the fundies imposed their will on everyone . 
  for instance , [ palestinian women 's costumes looked like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j0banra.jpg ) . 
  be careful : we 're balkanians in denial . 
  also , life expectancy in [ baltimore ] ( http://health.baltimorecity.gov/sites/default/files/life_expectancy_2011.png ) ( 72 years ) is lower than [ romania 's ] ( http://apps.who.int/gho/data/node.main.688 ) ( 75 years ) . 
  mostly international corporations . 
   luring in international megacorps is a dead end , they keep skill-intensive jobs at home in bucharest , we have many skill-intensive jobs , especially in it and engineering . 
  we have some mass manufacturing in transylvania , but that 's , like you say , not very skill-intensive and generally not well-paid . 
   this argument is called whataboutism . 
  no , it 's not called whataboutism , it 's called fairness . 
  that 's stupid , banning all the athletes for the actions of some of them . 
  also , it 's not only russians that do it . 
  my guess is that in some sports ( such as weightlifting and cycling ) all medal winners are doing similar things . 
  also , why ban the paralympic team , but not the olympic team ? 
  that seems nasty . 
  almost everyone thinks he 's doing it for the right reasons . 
  it 's pretty clear that stalin thought he was right when he did it . 
  you mean like in 1990 romania , how [ the miners helped the government kick the asses of the protesters and students ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/june_1990_mineriad ) who were blocking the university square , magheru and the whole area ? 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  human rights do n't matter ? 
   a good engineer salary converted to usd was about 30 $ / month . 
  it 's useless to try to convert to usd from a non-convertible currency without using some kind of purchasing parity . 
  also , from that `` good '' engineer salary ( an average salary ) , my father was able to feed a family of 4 ( my mom was staying at home while me and my brother were babies ) and pay the mortgage of a 3-room apartment ( which is now worth around 90.000 $ ) . 
  at least in bucharest , that 's not possible today from one average wage ( 600 $ gross / 450 $ net ) . 
   yet for some reason this graph does n't show it at all this is the gdp per capita , not total gdp . 
  romania 's gdp did grow , but : * romania had a big population growth ( 4.3 million / +27 % in 18 years / 1921-1939 ) and all of it was in the rural areas ( urban areas had negative natural growth , being population sinks , with fewer births than deaths ) . 
  * industrialization , just like urbanization , was still in the early stages . 
  the bulk of the gdp was still from agriculture . 
  * since  80 % of the population worked in agriculture , its gdp was highly dependent on the agricultural prices . 
  starting with the beginning of the 20th century , the prices of agricultural produce went down , particularly after wwi and during the world crisis of the 1930s . 
  yes and no . 
  the judiciary is more or less fair in romania . 
  all the politicians ( hundreds of them ) who were convicted deserved it : the investigation and trial were fair enough . 
  however , in order for the prosecutors to start the investigation , they need some evidence . 
  the evidence is almost always submitted ( anonymously or not ) for political reasons . 
  sometimes it 's part of a struggle within the same party ( for instance , former pm n\u0103stase was almost certainly part of such a feud ) , other times it 's against a political adversary or a business adversary and sometimes it 's the secret services ( domestic or foreign ) who do it to neutralize a potential threat . 
   they are a rare exception not the rule as it is in russia . 
  i do n't find it surprising . 
  in romania , 99 % of elected politicians are either corrupt/jailed , clowns from the circus or [ both ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/32882g/an_image_gallery_of_the_flamboyant_romanian_mayor/ ) . 
  before wwii , most romanians lived in rural areas having a quality of life close to the one of the middle ages . 
  living in small huts made out of clay and straw and having a life expectancy of 40 , mostly due to high child mortality . 
  the 1950s and 1960s saw , despite all the repression and insanity , a huge step forward in the living standards for the masses . 
  during the 1970s , the living standards ( particularly in the cities ) were decent and life was pretty nice for most people . 
  the people who are nostalgic about the communist era mostly think of this era . 
  during the 1980s , ceau\u0219escu began his austerity policy , which meant that the nice life of the 1970s ended . 
  there were shortages for various things , from foodstuff to essential things like toilet paper . 
  this had not happened during the 1970s . 
  he used the money he got from this austerity policy to accelerate his industrialization policy , combined with paying all the foreign debts . 
  yeah , but i was talking about the dreadful 1950s and the repression during those years . 
  starting with the 1960s , repression was not as severe : you would be jailed only if you actually started organizing something against ceau\u0219escu and the communist party . 
  of course , there were some cases of human rights abuses , but these were arguably individual cases , not something large-scale ( hundreds of thousands sent to prison and labor camps ) as it was during the 1950s . 
   romania did not have the same level of opposition to the nazis to liberate itself . 
  it was a `` what if '' case . 
  well , romania would have been communist with the soviet occuption or without it . 
  the difference would have been that we may have been another yugoslavia , a bit more independent from the ussr . 
  but considering the quality of our communists ( compared to tito and the more moderate czechoslovak politicians ) , i think the repression would have been roughly the same . 
  there are people who try to excuse our fascists by claiming that they actually saved most romanian jews from being killed , while ignoring the fact that the romanian army and gendarmes were involved in the killing of hundreds of thousands of jews in the occupied territory in ukraine , many of them in the odessa region . 
  i 'll never understand the line of thought that says that if we did n't kill them , the germans would have killed them anyway . 
  people have opinions different from mine . 
   apparently you know very little about how communism works . 
  i know how it worked . 
  i did n't mean he was n't blackmailed . 
  what i meant is that it made no sense to blackmail him using the lives of 1000 students . 
  or , the other way around : ukraine was destabilised by the us by supporting a coup against their democratically elected government . 
  the us knew well that russia will react to this . 
  see brzezinski 's 1997 book the grand chessboard in which he discusses the geopolitics of eastern europe . 
  anarcho-communist . 
  bakunin and kropotkin , not marx . 
   you do n't want to destabilise regions ukraine was destabilized by the us/nato . 
   you probably think antonescu was a good person , too . 
  fascist scum . 
  you 're accusing me of being a fascist based on what ? 
  for not liking king mihai ? 
  could n't it be that i dislike both the king and antonescu ? 
  i 'm an anarcho-communist , why would i like kings or fascist dictators ? 
   radu duda has worked radu duda is a second-rate theatre actor who was recruited by the secret services and given the mission to penetrate the royal family . 
  he was quite successful . 
   the integration of romania in nato in 2002 maybe some of us do n't consider that a good thing . 
   if the king did n't remove nazi romanian government let me remind you that the king was also the king under the pro-nazi antonescu government . 
   the nazis would have enslaved and purged everyone east of germany if we had remained on the side of the nazis , they would have been defeated anyway . 
  at most , the war would have taken a couple more months and a million more dead . 
  but that would n't have happened , either , because antonescu was also negotiating in august 1944 a secret deal with the allies . 
  that was anti-communist propaganda and it does n't even make any sense . 
  the communists simply told him that he either resigned and would be allowed to leave with some money ( and other property , such as some paintings ) , or they 'll kick him out of the country without a penny in his pocket . 
  ( like it happened in other countries ) he chose wisely and resigned . 
   when the younger generations does n't care about their historical and cultural heritage . 
  this is not something new . 
  you can find 19th century carved graffiti ( made by young people on the `` grand tour '' ) on the walls of french castles or by european visitors on the walls of egyptian temples . 
  i 'd even argue that today people respect more the historical heritage than they did at any point in the past . 
  globalization and deindustrialization are not irreversible . 
  if we wo n't have left-wing anti-globalist parties in power , we 're going to have far-right anti-globalist parties in their place . 
   european countries are getting fed up of liberal-lefties the problem with the european left-wing parties is that they forgot how to be left-wing . 
  they care about issues that are marginal , if not irrelevant to their working class voters . 
  they need to go back to the ideas they supported during the 1960s-1970s , or die and let others cover these ideas . 
  yeah .
