  also , every step in the right direction is a step in the right direction . 
  in a nuclear war , having more people just means having more dead bodies at the end . 
  he does have the nazi checklist : * extreme nationalism * racism , belief in superior and inferior races , opposition to the mixing of races * using violence for political purposes * find a scapegoat for every society 's problem : the muslims ( in the case of nazis , it was the jews ) * deportation of all muslims from europe , similar in the way the nazis initially wanted to do with the jews * opposition to any left-wing ideologies * opposition to tolerance , which he calls `` cultural marxism '' * rejecting feminism, 
  well , he opposed immigration because of his concerns over the purity of the european race . 
  actually , it seems that european neonazis nowadays support israel . 
  see breivik 's opinions . 
  indeed , we lost 5 million jobs the last 25 years . 
  we might as well another 6000 . 
  we 're supposed to sell the gas to whoever pays the most , regardless of whether it 's a domestic or a foreign eu company . 
  we are not allowed by law to favor domestic companies . 
  in practice , the biggest importer of gas in the eu is germany , due to its large chemical industrial plants . 
  unfortunately , no , that would require some less corruption . 
  the money will go abroad : * the government will pay hundreds of millions of euro to a company to build something ( we even had non-functional websites cost hundreds of millions ) . 
  * that company will have near-zero profit in romania ( in order to avoid paying any taxes ) , with the money going to its dutch hq . 
  * from the dutch company , some money will go to some offshore accounts , from which there will be some bribes to politicians who facilitated the deal * the politicians will spend the money abroad , buying luxury villas on the french coast or something . 
  romania gave to those plants ( owned by a local oligarch ) gas at a discounted price , while the oligarch amassed hundreds of millions in profits . 
  the discounts were not even given to every company , it was a special deal with that guy . 
  now romania is forced by the eu to raise the price levels to the eu market price for gas , meaning that it 's no longer profitable for him to continue producing the fertilizers . 
  -- practically , this means that instead of using fertilizers that were locally made , we 'll export natural gas to germany and import fertilizers made in germany . 
  the `` eu as a whole '' wins because germany has more efficient chemical processes , romania loses because it 's another step towards deindustrialization and 6000 more unemployed people , germany wins because it 's more business for them . 
  norway is not in the eu . 
  cia had some secret prisons in romania , too , but they were in downtown bucharest . 
  the one made public by the press was actually located in the headquarters of the romanian national office for state secrets . 
  they were n't communist in the first place . 
  they were members of the communist party for the perks and after 1989 they turned into capitalists overnight , amassing millions from corruption and shady deals . 
  the silliest thing is that now they claim they were capitalist all the time , even before 1989 . 
  also , they do n't see any contradiction between being capitalists and socialists at the same time . 
  well , the `` strategic partnership '' with the us did yield some results : with the help of the us government 's lobbying , our politicians signed a nice contract with bechtel corporation : we were supposed to pay $ 2.2 billion for a 584-km long motorway stretching across transylvania . 
  after paying $ 1.2 billion , we got 52 km of motorway as the whole contract reached the sum of $ 9.9 billion . 
  the government canceled it and the criminal investigation into the politicians who signed it was stopped because the contracts ( secret , of course ) were nowhere to be found . 
  same for romania . 
  we allowed the us to have military bases on our soil , to install the new `` defensive '' rocket system , we had lots of soldiers in irak and afghanistan ( currently there are 1595 romanian soldiers there ) and , of course , we allowed them to have a secret cia prison in downtown bucharest . 
  the us has kept saying that for being such a good ally they 'll remove the visa requirements , but they 'll probably not do it anytime soon . 
  well , i feel that everyone involved in this conflict is an imperialist : * united states for meddling into the affairs of another country ( using money and intelligence for the regime change ) * russia getting involved in the civil war of another country and the outright annexation of crimea * ukraine for having inherited the same imperialist view of the world from the ussr . 
  they should n't have considered the russian-speaking ukrainian citizens as their enemy . 
  the eu is not involved , hence not acting like an imperialist because it has an incoherent foreign policy . 
   do you feel , as a citizen , that taking sides in a conflict between two greedy empires is particularly useful to you ? 
  people support one of the sides ( same in israel/palestine debate ) and they forget their domestic problems : the privatization of resources and monopolies , the unemployment , the rising inequality , the corruption , the unfairness of the system . 
   people are vehemently pro-intervention ukraine and pacifists ( such people who think that we should negociate with russia ) are seen as traitors and downvoted to hell . 
  what about the advantage that you do n't need to change money when going abroad , or when doing trade ? 
  all the disadvantages of having the euro without any of the advantages of having it . 
  and you think that if you swear a bully ( which in international relations is what b\u0103sescu did when he accused lavrov of being drunk ) , you 'd get anything good out of it ? 
   perhaps you 've missed the fucking memo , but moldova is a different country than romania . 
  pretending that romania has no interests in moldova is silly . 
  we consider them `` romanians '' , part of the same nation , just like west germans considered east germans to be part of the german nation . 
  that 's utterly stupid . 
  poland may say whatever they want about russia , but romania should n't do this because of the republic of moldova . 
  until the republic of moldova issue is settled , we should try to get along with russia . 
  usually only if you take a taxi from the airport or the train station . 
  yup . 
  england : 407 people/sq . km the netherlands : 406 people/sq . km belgium : 363 people/sq . km congo : 33 people/sq . km ( congo has fertile soil and all its territory is habitable , so i 'm not comparing to countries that are mostly desert ), 
   protesters looted shops or , even more likely , opportunistic thugs who joined the protesters for the loot . 
  i do n't think russia would accept this : they have troops in transnistria . 
  maltese looks like it has romance vocabulary with arabic grammar . 
  yes , it 's feasible , but there are some problems : * public opinion : the moldovans were not willing , but they probably started to change their opinion with the start of the ukrainian civil war . 
  the romanians have constantly been overwhelmingly in favor . 
  probably if the issue arises , both countries will be willing to do it . 
  * money . 
  it will cost a lot to integrate moldova in romania , we 'd probably need some eu funding special for moldova . 
  [ gdp per capita ppp ( world bank ) ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.cd?order=wbapi_data_value_2013+wbapi_data_value+wbapi_data_value-last&amp;sort=desc ) , romania : $ 18,635 | moldova $ 4,669 * transnistria ( which is actually the real issue ) . 
  moldova is still not willing to sacrifice transnistria , which still has around 180,000 ethnic moldovans . 
  the best solution would be a partition , with moldova taking the romanian-speaking villages , ukraine taking the ukrainian-speaking villages and russia taking the russian-speaking cities , but i doubt russia would like this . 
  i 'm not saying it was not the right thing to do to support the independence of kosovo , i 'm just saying that they 're using this argument only for a case , but not for the other . 
  spain repeatedly refused to give more rights ( such as fiscal autonomy ) to catalunya , even though they were given to the basque country . 
  catalunya would take a part of the spanish debt based on population and gdp , but for the rest of spain it would be harder to pay the debt . 
  also , the other rich and industrialized region of spain , the basque country may leave as well , that being another blow to spain 's financial state . 
  well , germany did not defend the territoria integrity of serbia . 
  they supported the creation of an independent kosovar state and recognized it two days after its declaration of independence . 
  they already have access to your personal data . 
  after signing the petition , they have access to your personal data and know you like marijuana . 
  it 's on the european union 's website , so it 's safe . 
  [ here , then click on the `` support '' button ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/citizens-initiative/req-eci-2013-000023/public/signup.do ), 
   was n't transylvania more developed in 1918 than the rest of romania ( which was part of the ottoman empire ) as well ? 
  in gdp/capita , transylvania was definitely more developed than the old kingdom of romania , but the wealth and income disproportionally belonged to the german and hungarian minorities . 
  ( who lived mostly in the cities , as opposed to the mostly rural romanians ) this is why the average romanian did not have a better standard of living in transylvania than in romania . 
  well , the danish krone is practically pegged to the $ , so from a macro-economic point-of-view , there 'd be no real change . 
  transylvania was poor and backwards for austro-hungarian standards when the empire broke up . 
  for instance , see the [ literacy rates in 1930 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:romania_1930_literacy_en.svg ) . 
  the `` green '' areas in transylvania were mostly those with german or hungarian majorities . 
  by comparison , in 1930 , czechoslovakia had a 97 % literacy rate . 
   north/northwestern parts of yugoslavia were more developed because they were a part of austria-hungary that 's not a reason . 
  transylvania was part of austria-hungary , too . 
  actually , it 's more than that , it 's opening the markets to all kinds of services . 
  for instance , eu countries will have to allow the us medical corporations to open private hospitals and provide services to the state healthcare system . 
  this would lead to a semi-privatization of healthcare in europe . 
  each additional language gives you the possibility to glance at another world and perspective . 
   for instance , the french-language press tends to give a perspective that is quite different from the english-language press . 
  ( so does italian-language press , but they appear to be too concentrated on their own internal affairs ), 
  during the cold war , the eastern european language versions of radio free europe were very critical of the governments but at the same time they had very good journalism . 
  eastern europe no longer has journalism that is as professional as were those radio stations . 
  of course it was meant to be propaganda , but it was very skillfully done . 
  for the romanian-language version , the only time during which it stopped being a trustworthy source was during the 1989 revolution , when it tried to instate terror in the people , to make sure that they would n't try to ask for a real people 's government , but to accept the new leadership made out of former apparatchiks . 
  yes , yachts are recreational boats . 
  [ the word `` yacht '' has been used in other reports from the bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-22719811 ) . 
  at least we 're not behind bulgaria . 
  time after time they were aligned with the soviet union and applied the soviet model . 
  even mao ( who broke away from the soviet union ) was strongly influenced by the soviet ideas . 
  the one time that a different model has been applied was in anarchist barcelona during the civil war . 
  eventually , the pro-soviet communists ( well-funded and armed by the soviet union ) repressed the anarchists and `` independent '' communists and began their usual terror . 
  of course it 's no small feat , but closing down almost all industry helped a lot .
