  dozens of other countries ( including repressive governments ) receive equipment and training for their armies and riot police . 
  then there are huge sums of money which are simply handed out to obviously corrupt governments in order to get their good-will , particularly when there are resources that are extracted by western companies . 
  are you claiming that there is no corruption in poor countries ? 
  much of the aid that is paid by western government goes not directly to the people , but to the governments of those poor countries . 
  `` humanitarian assistance '' is a small percentage . 
  most of the money goes to `` peace and security '' ( aka buying weapons ) , `` fostering economic growth '' ( aka infrastructure projects ) , etc. 
  aid is taking money from poor people in rich countries and giving it to rich people in poor countries . 
  some of the eu countries are still `` developing countries '' . 
  according to the imf , hungary , romania and bulgaria are `` developing countries '' , while a few more eastern european countries were only recently graduated to `` developed countries '' . 
  and yet people do n't protest when every day 100 million chicken and 10 million pigs are killed . 
   hundreds of danes looking to watch `` giraffe expert '' eat recently put down zoo animal [ ... and here are the giraffe experts taking a bite ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/rf/image_404h/2010-2019/wires/online/2014-02-09/ap/images/aptopix%20denmark%20zoo%20kills%20giraffe.jpeg-0cf5a.jpg ), 
  it 's not like it 's an endangered species : there are hundreds of thousands other giraffes around . 
  giraffes are related to cows , deer and moose , as they all belong to the ruminantia clade , so they might taste good . 
   15000 political prisoners that were executed by the - oh so nice and progressive - castro 's regime . 
  those were prisoners executed during the 1950s civil war , that 's ancient history already . 
  but the embargo is not working . 
  i think it was obvious about 50 years after it was put in place . 
  the embargo is hurting the cuban people , not castro . 
  castro is doing fine * because * he can use the embargo and the economic war waged by the us as an excuse for the economic failings of the cuban government . 
  many cubans support castro because the only alternative they see is to be a violence and drug-ridden american colony ( like there are many in latin america , just look at mexico and colombia ) . 
  american corporations are not legally allowed to do any business to cuba . 
  american citizens are not allowed to go on holiday to cuba . 
  foreign companies that do business in the us are not legally allowed to do business in cuba . 
   unless the cuban regime stops decades long persecution , torture and extrajudicial killings of its political opponents should n't the us stop the persecution , [ torture ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4710966.stm ) and [ extrajudicial killings ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2012/jun/11/obama-drone-wars-normalisation-extrajudicial-killing ) of its political opponents before it can request others do the same thing ? 
  they 'll continue calling cuba a `` rogue state '' , part of the `` axis of evil '' and a `` state sponsor of terrorism '' . 
  even though the last `` terrorist '' they sponsored was nelson mandela , of course . 
   i 'm rather for uniting countries into larger units it wo n't work in eastern europe . 
  it did n't work for yugoslavia and they were speaking the same language , so i ca n't see how we could unite the hard-headed people of greece , bulgaria and romania into one state . 
    ultimately , unless we have a totally federal europe , i do n't think it 's a good thing to weaken the power of the larger countries of europe i think the point of weakening the states is to have a federation like the united states . 
  currently , with strong countries like germany and france , there 's no chance in achieving that . 
   if my customer wants a victorinox knive , an omega watch or some part for it 's process automation from abb , they will still buy it . 
  actually , much of switzerland 's exports is made out of chemical ( especially medication and cosmetics ) and industrial products . 
  these can be affected by tariffs . 
  if importing medication in the eu becomes too expensive , the drug companies ( even those headquartered in switzerland ) will just move their production facilities across the border in germany or france . 
  in other words , the central bank should do what 's in the interest of the commercial banks , not what the government wants . 
  at least this is the case in romania . 
  they do n't have their corporate hq in switzerland ( it is indeed in dublin ) , but they have their [ development hq in z\u00fcrich ] ( http://www.google.com/about/jobs/locations/zurich/ ) ( for instance , the development of youtube and gmail is done there ) . 
  they have over 1000 employees and i 'm pretty sure that other countries would love to receive the taxes from a thousand well-paid engineers . 
  of course , but i just said what happens in a country with an almost non-existing welfare system . 
   we have the consequence of inequality , and that is an enthusiasm to break free of the bonds of poverty no , the result is not enthusiasm . 
  it 's hopelessness and the associated alcoholism , drug addiction and violence . 
  but without the `` freedom of movement '' ( or any guest-worker program ) you would face a shortage of workers , which would affect the swiss economy in the long run . 
  also , many of the workers who come to switzerland are highly educated people who work in finance or high-tech . 
  if you will no longer allow eu citizens to work in switzerland , many companies ( for instance , google ) , would just move their hqs across the border in france or germany . 
  crowded roads and trains are due to the inadequate infrastructure that has n't followed the population trends . 
  there are many regions across the world which are more crowded than switzerland and they are able to keep a decent transportation infrastructure . 
  well , most romanians are orthodox , not catholic . 
  i know some places in western europe do import polish catholic priests due to the shortage of local priests . 
  bad governance and corruption tend to be symptoms of poverty . 
  theoretically , there is . 
  practically , the church is independent , apart from its funding . 
  yes , but there were mozarabic speakers who were muslims , also : [ the muladi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muladi ) . 
   surely some of them just sit empty while new ones are being built . 
  the theological institutes ( paid by the state ) `` create '' priests , far more than needed . 
  there is no `` private sector '' for them to work and , unlike engineers or doctors , they ca n't go abroad to work , so the church must try to create workplaces for them . 
  the easiest way is to build a new church ( paid by the local authorities ) . 
  then the church creates a new parish , which requires a new priest ( wage paid by the state ) . 
  it does n't matter if some churches stay empty . 
  it 's not like the state is giving any efficiency ratings for churches -- the state just pays them money for upkeep and for the priests ' wages , regardless of their numbers . 
  since there are no more spanish-speaking muslims in northern africa , this discussion is moot . 
  you have to follow all those points , not just those ones . 
  in this case , it 's quite silly . 
  i suppose that many people ( even many non-jews ) have some sephardic ancestry and they have no link to the spanish/ladino language and culture . 
  if all countries would have such a law , my wife would be elligible for citizenship of half of the countries in eastern europe . 
  but under current laws , only hungary may give her citizenship without any strings attached because one of her great-grandparents was born there . 
  well , to be fair , it 's not the same : the spanish jews kept their spanish dialect ( ladino ) , their spanish names and some spanish bits of cultures for centuries after their expulsion . 
  they are called `` spaniards '' ( that 's what sephardi means in hebrew ) by other jews and even by other people ( hence the spanish synagogue in prague , the spanish cemetery in bucharest , etc ) . 
  if some of the expelled muslims had kept their mozarabic dialects ( the dialects of spanish spoken by the muslims in southern spain ) , i 'm sure that spain would have granted them citizenship as well . 
   svoboda is not neonazi . 
  * ethnocentric - check * paramilitary organization - check * using neonazi imagery - check * anti-communist - check * veneration of the state - check * promoting `` traditional values '' against `` western liberalism '' - check * against homosexuality , abortion - check * wanting restrictions over freedom of speech - check * finding another ethnicity as the root of all problems - check * third way economics - check * autarky goals - checks, 
   regarding surnames , they are lithuanized because some letter that exist in polish alphabet does not exist in lithuanian alphabet . 
  that 's a stupid argument . 
  also , how are you going to revive the commonwealth , if you keep bickering with them ? 
   crack down on restrictive hand luggage policies . 
  finally . 
  the low-cost airlines removed the checked baggage , but that was not a problem : you 'd just pack light and get a smaller hand luggage . 
  now some low-cost airlines removed hand luggage , too : for anything larger than a purse , you 'd need to pay extra . 
  obviously , almost all travelers need at least some hand luggage , so this is just a way to make your prices look smaller in the ads and to get some extortion money at the airport from the customers who did n't know about this new policy . 
   i think it would be a shame for the european countries and cultures to disappear . 
  if you think that , then it was a bad thing to create the european union in the first place : there are millions of mixed marriages across europe , giving birth to million of people of mixed ancestry . 
  these people are not `` italian '' , `` german '' , `` french '' , they are european . 
   because europe , kind of by definition , is european !, 
  it has a european culture and is full of european people !, 
  do you really think that a hundred years ago , the european elite and the european poor belonged to the same culture ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that my great-grandfather who was a poor fisherman on the danube would have found himself more at ease with today 's african or arab poor immigrants than with today 's ( or yesterday 's ) elite . 
   rompuy should ask here for nude pictures first , though . 
   it has absolutely nothing to do with the `` experience '' , that 's ridiculous well , that 's a reason i heard . 
   ( and against christian tradition ) . 
  i do n't think a celebration around killing a pig has anything to do with christian tradition . 
  why ? 
  basically , it 's some kind of celebration centered around killing a pig the traditional way and then cutting and processing the meat . 
  you can find it across eastern europe . 
  this traditional way is frown upon by the eu animal welfare laws which says that the pig must be unconcious while it is killed ; some people around here think this would ruin the whole experience . 
  you need to hear the pig squeaking !, 
  there were discussions about this when romania and bulgaria joined the eu and there were also when croatia joined last year . 
  however , it seems the authorities will turn a blind eye as long as you do it in your backyard and not in an industrial setting . 
  [ a bit more details about it from a 2007 article in the economist ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/10131771 ) :  during talks in brussels last year , the romanians asked if christmas pig-killing might enjoy the exemption given to muslim and jewish butchers . 
  the commission said no . 
  the directive offers an exemption only for `` religious rites '' , and romanian practices are deemed traditional , not ritual . 
  this distinction causes mild offence .
