  jews make great scapegoats . 
   they 're hardly any jews living there . 
  even better . 
  an even better scapegoat . 
  actually , only 12,000 gypsies were killed by the romanian authorities ; most of the 500,000 were german gypsies . 
   before ww2 nearly all romanian cities had ~ 20-30 % jewish population only those in moldavia ; apart for bucharest and maybe br\u0103ila , wallachia had few jews and in transylvania , there were just in a few cities . 
   their number was growing rapidly their number had been growing rapidly before wwi ; after , romania was able to stop the `` illegal '' immigration from poland and russia . 
   there is no doubt romania sent some jews and gipsies to german camps romania did n't send any jews and gypsies to german camps -- we set up our own extermination camps in transnistria or just killed them on the spot . 
  some transylvanian jews were however sent to auchwitz by the hungarian authorities . 
  choose social democrat for american-style liberal or capitalist for american-style libertarian . 
  i thought that was a joke question , so i put bulgaria . 
  i know it sounds strange , but you have to understand the context of eastern europe , which was isolated from the west . 
  in eastern europe , the nomenklatura had the power of life and death over the people , but they did n't have the power to buy goods which the western europeans took for granted . 
  what kind of power did you have if you could n't even buy yourself an apple macintosh ? 
  the us had a very strict embargo for high-tech and rest of the western world supported it . 
  come to nagorno-karabakh , they have the lowest flat tax . 
  also , any concentration of power results in corruption . 
  the first generation of leaders may be idealists ( even if their ideals are n't perfect , they 're still idealists ) , but the second generation will certainly be opportunists who will want more and more power . 
  the fall of eastern european communism was n't just because of mismanagement , corruption and antiquated economics views , but mostly because our leaders wanted more power and that power was n't possible without capitalism . 
  now , our politicians ( including the right-wing who want to privatize our healthcare and education ) are mostly members of the communist party nomenklatura and our new capitalist class is made out of former securitate ( political police ) leaders . 
  it 's not a redefinition . 
  the us usage of the term is different from the european origin and usage of the term . 
  same for the term `` liberal '' , which europeans understand as being pro-bussiness , not as being `` social-democratic '' . 
   in todays world even small firms are globally connected and networked their r&d and production activities together in ever changing and revolving forms . 
  agreed . 
  i work for a company with slightly fewer than 100 employees and we have offices in six locations in five countries , but that 's no longer a problem with tandberg video conferences , skype , teamviewer and other such tools . 
  this makes it pretty clear that the `` socialism in one country '' idea is no longer possible . 
  ( and it was a bad idea in the first place ) the good news is that the world is converging politically as well as economically . 
  the bad news is that the political and economical convergence is toward a hybrid chinese-style of a dictatorship ( or a mock democracy ) with an under-regulated capitalism . 
   first use of this term was in 18th century and actually refered to `` those who believed in free will '' yes , but it was used in a philosophical context , not in an economical context . 
  with those 18th century ideas agree both anarcho-syndicalist and anarcho-capitalists . 
   austrian school of economics itself appeared in 18th century uhmm . . no . 
  the founders of the austrian school of economics were ludwig von mises ( 1881-1973 ) and friedrich hayek ( 1899-1992 ) , both of which were austrians , hence the name of the school . 
  then you 're using the wrong term , because originally the term `` libertarian '' has been used since the 1910s by groups that now would be defined as `` left-wing anarchists '' or even `` anarchist communists '' . 
  it was only in the 1950s that in the us anarcho-capitalists took the term and referred it to `` anarcho-capitalists '' . 
  i think that if you use term `` real '' or `` classical '' it 's understood to be the original meaning of the term . 
  they 're some kind of socialist anarchists . 
  unlike the communists/socialists , they think that concentrating power in the hands of the state is just as bad as concentrating power in the hands of the capitalists . 
  their solution is to devolve the power as close as possible to the people , which means community autonomy , direct democracy , common ( i.e. 
  workers ' ) ownership of the means of production . 
  there were such `` libertarian '' or anarcho-syndicalist groups in power in catalonia during the spanish civil war , but they were repressed ( many imprisoned and even killed ) by their supposed `` allies '' from the soviet union . 
  ( [ wikipedia article about revolutionary catalonia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutionary_catalonia ) ), 
  `` real libertarians '' are the kind of people who will not only want to free you from the tyranny of an authoritarian and intrusive state , but also from the abuses of capitalists . 
  i am one , if you mean the european definition of libertarian , rather than the definition of the american free market fanatics . 
  if the `` hammer and sickle '' represents just the communist crimes , then : * the cross represents the massacres during the crusades * the crescent represents islamic terrorism * the shiva trident represents hindu right-wing nationalist terrorism * the buddhist ying/yang represents the dalai lama repression of peasants etc, 
  but albania is not really a muslim country . 
  first of all , they 're not all of them muslims ( there are albanian christians , both orthodox and catholics ) and then :  a survey conducted by gallup global reports 2010 shows that religion plays a role only to 39 % of albanians , and lists albania as the thirteenth least religious country in the world . 
  in the same poll , 82 % of turks say they 're religious . 
  well , england wants to be an american state , scotland wants to be a scandinavian country . 
  that 's why they do n't get along . 
   i find this very odd , greece should be a very competitive place to have a business after all the austerity they did no one invests for pure competitiveness , for low salaries or low taxes . 
  investors prefer stability and they 'll rather invest in sweden or denmark and pay the huge taxes and salaries there than in greece or spain . 
  at least in romania , the state institutions are used to abuse their position and , until recently , people grudgingly accept that as a matter of fact . 
  this is seldom the violent kind of `` human rights violations '' , but more often it 's about the abuses of local authorities : the town hall refuses to do what the court ordered it or what the law says . 
   the common german opinion right now is that the greeks do n't need our money , they need a bunch of our tax collectors agreed , but i think it 's a bit too late for that now . 
  that would have prevented the crisis , but i do n't think it could solve it . 
  this could be done by having a eu tax collection agency , but the problem is that many countries would n't want it . 
  ( uk and czech republic for sure , france and germany , maybe ), 
  this kind of stories sound like the stories from der st\u00fcrmer about the jews . 
  they want to convince us that the greeks deserve their penalty by using anecdotal evidence . 
  i 'm not saying it 's ok , i 'm saying that there is no other way , they need a miracle to be able to pay all the debt . 
  there are two alternatives . 
  it stops paying now , or it continues as it did so far . 
  this is the alternative to stopping the payments : * greece continues its austerity , economy keeps contracting , wages come down * rich greeks continue taking their money abroad , continuing the trend of the last 3 yers . 
  * best people ( yes , even greece has some good professionals ) , who are now underpaid , move to australia , united states ( where there are large greek communities ) or in the eu to germany , scandinavia , etc , further lowering the gdp and potential of growth . 
  so you 'll have a country with no capital ( the rich greeks fled ) , no professionals ( they fled for better salaries ) , an aging population ( the young people fled ) and with a debt of 200 % of gdp , requiring constant payments of at least 10 % of the gdp each year for the next 40 years . 
  do you think this country has any chance to finally pay all its debt ? 
   if greek people where paying their taxes as they should have , they would n't be in the mess they are in right now again , the current revenues are bigger than the expenses , if we exclude the interest payments . 
   the greek state , who holds majority shares for most major energy companies in the country hellenic petroleum shares are [ floated on the athens stock exchange ] ( http://www.ase.gr/content/en/companies/listedco/profiles/profile.asp?name=elpe ) the state owns only a minority share . 
   and who exactly will sell you oil , medicine and food if you default without paying your debt first ? 
  first of all , greece has very little or no structural deficit . 
  it varies from -1 % to +1 % of gdp , depending on who is measuring it . 
  the budget deficit goes to paying the interest for the debts . 
  the interest alone is currently around 6-7 % of gdp they borrow money to be able to pay for the interest of older debts . 
  this is not surprising , as at one time last year , the interest rate was around 30 % . 
  even mighty germany would get into trouble in a couple of years if it had to finance its debt with that interest rate . 
  the greek state does n't buy any oil or food . 
  that 's what individual greek companies do , what has it to do with greece 's credit ratings ? 
  also , you may find it surprising , but greece has a rather developed pharma sector , so they wo n't run of insuline or aspirin . 
  and anyway , they can pay for medication with money they get from taxes , like every other country does . 
   yep , we are bending all regulations and laws over here to even allow our country to help out southern europe you 're not helping southern europe , you 're helping your bankers . 
  the alternative would be greece to stop paying its debt . 
  in that case , the big loser would not be the greek people , but rather the big european banks , many of them german . 
   greeks feel the rules we set up for loans we were giving them are too strict and that we should send more money , quicker . 
  the money that greece needs is for paying up the interest on older loans . 
  greece does n't have a structural budget deficit , so if greece today would stop getting any money from abroad and stop paying any debts , things would be ok . 
  ecb refinancing rate ( the rate at which the banks borrow money ) = [ 0.75 % ] ( http://www.ecb.int/stats/monetary/rates/html/index.en.html ) spanish 10-year bond = [ 5.66 % ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/quote/gspg10yr:ind ) , down from a high of 7.62 % in july 2012 . 
  5.66 - 0.75 = 4.91 % / year profit . 
  it does n't work like this . 
  the european central bank `` makes '' money from nothing and borrows it to banks for a 1 % interest rate . 
  then the banks borrow the money to italy with an interest rate of 6 % . 
  the 5 % difference is pocketed by the banks . 
  if the ecb had borrowed the nation-states directly with the interest rates they give on loans to banks , there would be no debt crisis . 
   do you want northern european to count every single $ that we 've given to you ? 
  it 's about the percentage of gdp . 
  transfers to other spanish regions represent 8 % of catalunya 's gdp . 
  by comparison , only 0.37 % of germany 's gdp represents transfers to other less developed eu countries . 
  catalans do n't complain that they contribute to the other poorer regions of spain , but rather that the percentage is way too high and that they have no say in it . 
   please , remember that jesus reads these threads . 
  speaking of jesus , in romanian , we have swearings about jesus : `` fuck your mother 's christs '' ( futu-\u0163i cristo\u015fii m\u0103-tii ) .
