  the minister , andrzej parafianowicz , who has since left the government , assured the former official that he had personally `` blocked '' the investigation . 
    we have plenty of houses - generally speaking . 
  millions of empty ones . 
    not in sweden . 
  it 's difficult to get building permits . 
  then your problem is not the immigrants , but your building permits regulations . 
  sweden has plenty of empty space , it 's not like you 're a crowded country like the netherlands . 
   prime minister donald tusk on monday afternoon described the electronic eavesdropping , which occurred over many months and may have involved several locations , as `` an attempt at a coup d\u2019\u00e9tat , bringing down the polish government by illegal means '' so the problem is not politicians discussing illegal deals , it 's the people who recorded politicians discussing illegal deals ? 
  so you want death penalty for pickpocketing ? 
  the russians are massing troops near the russian-montenegrin border !, 
  the solution is not to use 1960s technology for your nuclear plants . 
  the article was about the downfall of the `` white working class '' and you brought up immigrants . 
  so we should blame the immigrants for the downfall of british industry ? 
  when margaret thatcher came to office in 1979 there were 6.8 million people worked in manufacturing . 
  now there are only 2.5 million . 
  for comparison , germany now has more than double that . 
  the deindustrialization of england occurred during the late 1970s and throughout the 1980s . 
  by the time soros did his trick , everything was already gone : the mines , the factories , the industry , etc. 
  i 'm not saying i support speculation , i think it has a negative impact , but this was definitely not its cause . 
  it was the thatcherite policies , which focused on the `` financial industry '' over the real industry . 
  by the end of the process , two-thirds of uk 's industrial production was gone , pretty much the same as in eastern europe . 
  you did n't read the whole article , did you ? 
  `` white trash '' is what remains from the `` working class '' after the deindustrialization . 
  they were `` hard-working families '' , now they 're considered `` trash '' . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  leasing out 10 hectares of land will get you around 1000 $ / year . 
  an apartment in bucharest costs on average 60.000 $ . 
   well , it 's not . 
  i can see form your posts you have an attitude towards people who work hard . 
  i think you misunderstand me : i defend the people who work hard and i want them to have decent living standards . 
  but i do n't think working hard is a goal in itself . 
   the only path to wealth ( which is a form of capital accumulation ) , is to let the capital do its job . 
  the capital did its work for more than two decades and most employees of romanian companies still earn less than 250 euro/month . 
  you ca n't get rich ( or at least get middle class living standards ) by working hard , at least not in romania . 
  if you work hard , you can barely feed your family . 
  of course , i 'm not blaming the people who go there for a better life , i 'm blaming the whole eu system that does n't allow these differences to disappear . 
   as i replied somewhere else , subsistence farming is still a job it 's poverty , third-world poverty . 
  just because our ancestors were poor does n't mean we should be , too . 
  from the outside , romanian poverty may seem charming ( the horses-drawn ploughs look nice ) , but if you look closer , it 's not charming . 
  desperation is not charming . 
   in fact , the forced industrialization during the communist times uprooted the farmers and moved them to urban center to become factory workers . 
  yes , and that was an amazing improvement . 
  my grandfather was born in a poor fisherman family , living in a hut made out of mud . 
  7 people living in two rooms , eating every day fried fish with m\u0103m\u0103lig\u0103 . 
  it was not `` forced '' , no one was forced to leave the poverty of the countryside . 
  everyone wanted to escape and working in a factory and having a nice apartment in bucharest was much better than a farmer-fisherman living in a hut . 
  virtually everyone i know who emigrated , went with their wife/husband and children ( if they had any ) . 
    some companies were bought by large western corporations and closed down because they were competition for them . 
    this is how capital gets efficient . 
  if you need the communist approach , you still have a chance to move to a number of countries to experience it . 
  the profitable factories that were bought by big foreign investors were closed down because they affected their cartel . 
  romania lost a lot by allowing them to be closed . 
  if this is capitalism , then i do n't want it , thank you very much . 
  at least , not this variant of capitalism . 
  i want a version where the state protects the citizens , not some hazy neoliberal ideology . 
  in all , ** 5 million people lost their jobs ** and had to start subsistence farming in romania , or moved to do unskilled work in the west ( picking strawberries in spain or washing toilets in france ) . 
  [ reply to a now-deleted comment ] : yes , the economic management was quite bad during 1980s . 
  however , after 1989 , it was catastrophical , leading to an almost complete deindustrialization and the destruction of more than 5 million jobs . 
  the solution would have been to bring good western management for the large factories , not to close everything down . 
  indeed , there were some companies that were not competitive ( which required a lot of investment to upgrade ) , but even those that had state-of-the-art japanese technology were closed . 
  technology did n't matter in any case . 
  half of our doctors already left for western europe ( france , germany , uk ) during the last 5 years . 
  i 'm a programmer . 
  more than half of my university friends left for western europe ( uk , germany , france , switzerland , italy , etc. ), 
  and some for silicon valley . 
  this current arrangement is that the best people flee the country , generation after generation and we get almost nothing in return . 
  right after the fall of communism , almost all industry was closed down . 
  yes , corruption was at fault , but we would n't have had it this bad without the help of western companies and entrepreneurs who had well : * some companies were bought by large western corporations and closed down because they were competition for them . 
  for instance , we used to export a lot of petrol extraction equipment in the middle east and south america . 
  even though these companies were very profitable , they were the first to be closed down . 
  * some companies were given away to `` western investors '' who ended up being crooks . 
  they bought them for little money , then they took and sold all the equipment abroad ( for instance , the aro car factory ) or sold its real estate ( the chocolate factory in bra\u0219ov , virtually all factories in bucharest , etc. ), 
  * some companies were closed down as `` inefficient '' at the request of the imf . 
  of course a bit of investment would have saved them , but the imf demanded immediate action : either privatize them ( give them away ) or close them down . 
  * the resources were sold off for next-to-nothing to large western corporations . 
  51 % of the national petroleum company was sold for $ 700 million , when its petroleum reserves alone are worth at least $ 20 billion and for the last 5 years it had a yearly profit of over a billion $ . 
  * water , electricity distribution , gas distribution , phone company , etc. 
  were sold for almost nothing and the companies buying them did not respect the privatization contracts . 
  of course , i 'm not blaming the west for the corruption and incompetence of our own politicians , but when there is corruption , there are two parts : the person giving the bribe and the person receiving it . 
  when western companies give bribes , they are just as guilty as our politicians . 
  the people who own big western corporations might disagree with you . 
  of course . 
  you ca n't do it overnight , but it is possible . 
  europe has a lot of unused solar potential in southern europe , wind potential in northern europe , geothermal in hungary , etc. 
   stop buying russian anything for a few months . 
  russian exports to the eu consist mostly out of crude oil and derivatives . 
  every time you fill up your car , the money goes to russia . 
  every time you take the bus , every time you buy something that was transported by truck . 
  ( which is almost everything )  in 2012 natural gas sales earned russia an estimated 68 billion dollars ( 50 billion euros ) , while oil sales brought in 290 billion dollars ( 211 billion euros ) . 
  that means that natural gas contributes around 5 percent to the russian national budget , while the ** profits from the export of oil make up around half of russian government revenue . 
  **   [ source : dw ] ( http://www.dw.de/germanys-russian-energy-dilemma/a-17529685 ) . 
  the solution would be to replace oil with electricity ( for cars , industry , etc. 
  ) , but no one will accept that . 
  at least nominally islamic people . 
   every spy agency commits crimes . 
  that is what they are for . 
  so they 're literally `` criminal organizations '' ? 
  unfortunately , the eu failed to bring us a model of a working society . 
  if anything , the eu cemented the broken society we have now . 
  so now we have a two-tiers society : the oligarch-politicians who have millions ( mostly stolen from the state ) and the paupers working for 200 $ / month : one third of romanian employees earn under 200 and another third earn between 200 and 400 $ / month .
