   of course you ca n't confirm . 
  that 's how propaganda is done : by saying things that can not be independently verified . 
  we 'll make our own union , with wine and loud talking . 
  the / r/european white supremacist crowd ? 
  typically half of their `` news '' are about sweden . 
  from today 's headlines : * swedish families ejected from their homes to make room for immigrants * native swedes evicted in order to give housing for asylum seekers * swedish government to force municipalities to accept immigrants * stockholm syndrome : sweden offers taxpayer-funded benefits to lure alienated jihadists home * swedish rape epidemic avoidable . 
  feminists silence deafening . 
  ( part 1 ) * sweden well positioned for greyer future * [ sweden ] refugees smear feces into the furniture and carpet of their accommodation centre because they 're bored and want interesting food . 
   imagine if they knew it 's actually common in just about all animal species my grandparents in the countryside used to have a male duck who would chace young ganders ( not fully adults , but not goslings , either -- i could call them adolescent geese ) . 
  i do n't know what is that : a cross-species homosexual pederast ? 
  it 's a natural part of the human race . 
  using religious arguments against it is as stupid as using religious arguments against left-handedness . 
  it wo n't make it go away , it will just make life miserable for some people . 
  did n't you invade ireland a while ago ? 
   i wish ireland would do something like this , who wants to invade ireland ? 
   i write quite bad in romanian do n't worry , some ethnic romanians ca n't spell words correctly in romanian , either . 
  a friend was in naples on holiday and a 10-year old kid yielding a real gun ( or it looked like that ) told her to give him her cellphone . 
  she did and when he wanted to flee , some locals who witnessed the scene told him to give it back to her . 
  on the other hand , palermo and generally sicily appear to be safe . 
  mafia is taking care of that because they own much of the tourism businesses . 
  having smart , educated , skilled and experienced people is necessary , but not enough for having a good economic growth . 
  i guess that 's the reason . 
  many of sweden 's immigrants are from warzones , which means that it can be difficult to integrate them ( post-traumatic stress disorder is a very serious condition ) , so there 's no reason why they should be `` nicer '' than the immigrants to other western european countries . 
  i suppose the reasons are `` politically correctness '' ( people are nice and try not to hurt them ) and high wages ( even for lower-skilled workers ) . 
   except back when it was brutally violent btw , the historiska museet in stockholm has an exhibition about the '' [ visby massacre ] ( http://www.historiska.se/home/exhibitions/medieval-massacre/ ) '' . 
   note !, 
  the exhibition shows objects and human bones from , and photos of mass graves which may be frightening for children !, 
  ... which is a great thing of the swedish society . 
  a non-swedish ex-pat here made a joke : `` there are lots of homeless romanians here in stockholm , i hope you found an apartment to rent , haha '' . 
  a small joke like that is nothing , but when everyone does it and looks down at you , it becomes annoying . 
  from what i 've seen , a swede would never try to make a bad joke on your nationality , your skin color , your income etc. 
  you may call it political correctness , but i tell you , it feels better to know they care about this . 
  your immigrants seem to be nicer than those in france and britain . 
  funny thing : i heard in stockholm two roma beggars complaining ( in romanian ) about how the new beggars who just came from romania are too annoying and aggressive and that they should learn how to behave here . 
  the / r/europe circle-jerk says that sweden is a hellhole because of immigration . 
  they downvote everyone who says otherwise . 
  eastern europeans were definitely not alcoholics before communism . 
   it 's funny how some people blame everything on communism , forgetting that things were even worse before , including alcoholism . 
  ( speaking as a person whose great-grandparents were alcoholics before the communist era ), 
  and you base your judgment on what an idiot says ? 
   that piece of paper says so that piece of papyrus says so . 
   revenge means nothing and it will be 20-30 years down the line at the earliest . 
  if he 'll be released , it will be when he is a 70-year old man . 
   saying nato is a relic and should be disbanded was very popular well , i still think nato is a relic and that it should be disbanded , but only if the militaries of the 28 eu countries would be merged . 
  currently , we have 28 militaries , 28 hierarchies , spending the same money 28 times , while getting no results . 
  the solution is not spending more , but spending it smarter and spending it together . 
  i get downvoted mostly when i say : * roma people are people , too . 
  * immigrants are people , too . 
  * western imperialism in africa and asia is/was not a good thing for people in those countries . 
  * high military spending is bad for the people in a country . 
  * the chances of a russian invasion of the eu / nato are zero ( they 're busy keeping that huge empire in one piece ), 
   greater netherlands ( netherlands + flanders )  i 'm not sure they 'd want that . 
  the walloons and french love each other , but from what i heard there 's not much love between netherlands and flanders . 
  that 's why i 'm not repeating the unpopular opinions . 
  i 'm only repeating my popular opinions . 
  i 've said it a hundred times already . 
  of course , not everyone wants foreign troops on romanian soil . 
  i do n't . 
  no , all military spending . 
  i would complain , but this is / r/europe and every time i say i do n't want american troops on romanian soil , i get downvoted to -30 . , 
  indeed . 
  it 's pointless to say what-if , only a maybe . 
  what is clear is that the british authorities tried to prevent industrial development in india because they wanted to focus on providing cheap raw materials instead . 
  sweden : it 's not a third-world hellhole in which isis immigrants behead politically correct swedes ( like / r/europe seems to think ) . 
  maybe i 've visited too many southern and eastern european countries and i 'm comparing only with those , but sweden looks like a country that is very well-run . 
  also , anti-racism and anti-discrimination ideas are very entrenched in swedish psyche and feels nice , as a foreigner , to know that they 're actively thinking about not hurting you . 
  that trend ( very slow to no growth ) is typical of pre-industrial societies . 
  in 1750 , virtually all the world , save britain was pre-industrial . 
  for the next decades , the other countries in europe : netherlands , france , germany , as well as the united states , began to industrialize . 
  you assume that an independent india would not adopt an industrial civilization , which is a wrong assumption imo . 
  india was never a society closed from the outside ( like japan was until the meiji emperor modernized the country ) : it always considered trade important and trade-based societies tend to love inovations that bring higher productivity and hence more competitive products on the market . 
   non-colonised asian countries the only non-colonized asian country is japan and after the opening to the west , they did develop its industry at a similar rate to the uk , enough to make it a worthy opponent for the us in wwii . 
  china was not fully colonized , but it was not very independent either . 
  parts of it were colonized by the west ( hong kong , macao ) , then it was colonized by japan ( taiwan since 1899 , then mainland china in 1932 ) , etc. 
  the chinese are lately a bit more successful because they bribe not only the government leaders , but also give something to the people . 
  while the typical european/american mining corporation just gives $ 10 million to the african minister in charge for that , the chinese give a $ 5 million bribe to the politicians and a fully-equiped school to the local community , or build a motorway , etc. 
  if politicians try refuse this deal , there 'd be riots , so they choose the chinese offers . 
  there are two main reasons for the growth : * increased consumption in western europe , hence increased exports * increased consumption in romania due to a 50 % increase in minimum wage : it was gradually increased from 700 lei in january 2013 to 1050 lei in july 2015 ( = 235 $ / month ) the consumption of the great masses is still very low in romania ( due to low incomes ) , so there 's plenty of growth within that , by increasing the wages ' share of the economy . 
  the vat for food will be reduced next month from 24 % to 9 % . 
  this will lead to increased consumption of food products among the poorest people , but i guess it wo n't affect the gdp significantly . 
  [ here 's the effect of colonialism over india ( the 200 years ) , comparison of gdp/capita with the one of the metropolis ( britain ) ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/94/1700_ad_through_1950_ad_per_capita_gdp_of_united_kingdom_and_india_during_the_colonial_era.png ) . 
  we should at least stop bombing them , robbing their resources ( the `` democratic '' way is through bribing their government ) , giving them weapons to fight each other or getting involved in their politics . 
   let 's vote in even more conservatives . 
  exactly . 
  we really need some people to look down at this generation and tell why they suck and how the previous generations were better !, 
   russian culture is largely based on machismo and politically they are more about strong centralised leadership a few decades ago that was valid for spain and portugal . 
  actually , 25 years ago , romania 's leadership was ideologically closer to north korea than to europe . 
  the study estimates the population of bulgaria in 2060 at 5.5 million . 
  in 1989 , it was 8.9 million . 
  i 'm pretty sure you did n't have 3.4 million `` turks and gypsies '' in 1989 . 
  if you 're willing to go upwards , there 's plenty of space . 
  hong kong has 7 million people on an area of 1000 square km ( of which only a quarter is built up and much of the rest is natural parks ) . 
  belgium has 30.000 square km , so it could house 200 million people at the same density of hong kong . 
   enclava is ethnic greek land !, 
  of course it is . 
  it rhymes with baklava . 
  should n't maps represent how things are , not how they should be ? 
  west germany was more successful because of the economic system , not because of politics . 
  if we look at countries around the world , it 's pretty obvious that economic success has absolutely nothing to do with the political system , but rather with the economic system and that can be implemented well in a dictatorship ( china is a good example ) or in democracy ( as in west germany ) . 
  whether we want it or not , crimea is now * de facto * part of russia now .
