  well , an anarcho-communist , not a tankie , but that 's a detail . 
   right side on the pic1 : * muer\u0103 care nu face pruncu * [ woman that makes no child ] i guess that 's the anti-abortion and anti-contraception stance of the church ? 
  i suppose it 's sleeping late on sunday instead of going to church . 
  yeah , plague would have been worse than cholera , but that does n't mean we should be happy we got cholera . 
   i ca n't see how 2-3 million people have more kids than the 19 million who are in the country . 
  the 3 million abroad are mostly of child-bearing age . 
  the people back home tend to be older . 
  [ look in the dictionary ] ( https://dexonline.ro/definitie/de\u0219ert ) :  pust\u00cdu , - \u00cde , ( i ) pustiuri , s. n. , ( ii ) pustii , adj. 
  i. s. n. 1 . 
  also , much of the debt of japan is owed to its citizens , whereas much of the debt of greece is owed to foreign banks . 
  so it 's as if the middle-aged doctor owes money to his cousin , whereas greece owes money to a loan shark . 
  also , when i was in budapest a couple of years ago , on the way from the airport , i saw a `` we 're sorry for our prime minister '' billboard . 
  the top for eastern europe : * poland : 6 * romania : 5 * czech republic : 4 * hungary : 1 * estonia : 1 * croatia : 1 * bulgaria : 1 * latvia : 0 * lithuania : 0 * slovakia : 0 * slovenia : 0, 
  countries that were not part of the marshall plan had a similar `` restart '' of their economy to those that were part of the marshall plan . 
  i really hate when people who do n't respect rules argue that others do n't respect . 
  that 's germany :  germany has also long fallen foul of eu budget rules which limit member states to running current account surpluses of no more than 6 per cent of gdp . 
  the current account is set to hit 8.5 per cent this year , compared to 8.8 per cent in 2015 , according to the european commission . 
  and france :  [ budget deficit higher than 3 % every year since 2008 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/france/government-budget ), 
  uk crowded, 
  smarter than us , who bought at the same price as the new swedish jets some second-hand f16 jets . 
  the swedes even said they were willing to subcontract some of the parts to romanian companies . 
  not even farmers . 
  it 's mostly barren , that area has very little population . 
  [ the population density map looks like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4xeek.jpg ) . 
  that 's a stupid idea . 
  we need more robots , not fewer . 
  make instead a tax on capital , not on robots and use the money to create jobs . 
  there are plenty of things to do that are socially useful , but not profitable to be done by the private sector . 
  well , it means that the workers control the means of production , but that means that private owners ca n't do whatever they want . 
  from the point of view of the rich business owners , they are repressed . 
  exactly . 
  high taxes and government spending does n't mean socialism . 
  the danish government 's spending is around 53-56 % of the gdp , but that does n't mean that businesses are repressed . 
  * tax free !!, 
   macron wo n't change a-n-y-t-h-i-n-g . that 's why he was elected . 
  many people voted for him because they were scared of change : of change from the left , or of change from the extreme-right . 
  he wants to make welfare cuts for the poor and reduce taxes for the rich . 
   fillon - le pen   1st president of the vith republic   9th president of the vth republic ftfy, 
  yes , people vote for macron for that . 
  he 's the most empty of any contents candidate i 've seen lately . 
  china has other advantages as well , not only cheap labour . 
  ( and chinese labour is n't very cheap , either , at least when compared to africa , india or other asian countries ), 
   american industry was decimated in the 60s and 70s no , what you 're saying is false . 
  [ peak employment in us manufacturing was in 1979 . 
  ] ( http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/terence-p-jeffrey/7231000-lost-jobs-manufacturing-employment-down-37-1979-peak ) it was during the 1980s and 1990s that the us lost its industry , first to japan and then to china . 
   with dramatic decrease in the corporate tax rate . 
  the effective corporate tax rate is the lowest since wwii . 
  why is n't manufacturing coming back ? 
   also , mandatory neoliberal indoctrination would benefit society . 
  agreed . 
  if you replace `` society '' with `` the richest 1 % '' . 
   goodbye businesses just like all businesses left the us or sweden during the 1960s and 1970s . 
  oh , wait , they did n't . 
   what could be accomplished if russia were a part of the eu a little known fact is that back around 2000 , putin supported eu and nato integration of russia . 
  the us did n't want any of that , which made putin change his stance . 
  both want basically the same thing . 
  the numbers said in campaign do n't matter that much and i do n't think the political compass take in consideration the numbers , but rather the direction -- in this case , reduce state spending and reduce the number of state employees . 
  the big difference is that fillon does n't know how to say it to make it seem appealing to voters . 
  economically , le pen does have a lot of left-wing ideas . 
  hitler did have a lot of policies that were right-wing , like the privatization of state-owned enterprises and other state assets . 
  the `` socialist '' part in `` national socialist '' had nothing to do with actual policies , but it was inherited from earlier days when that party was actually left-wing . 
   i think this puts macron much too far-right economically he 's as neoliberal as it gets . 
  he wants austerity ( a reduction in yearly state spending by 60 billion $ ) , reducing the number of state employees by 120.000 , etc. 
   why is fillon authoritarian ? 
  he wants to ban abortion , to remove the right to marry to gays , to remove the right for pacs ( civil unions ) , he wants immigration to be reduced to the `` strict minimum '' , etc. 
  hitler was a centrist economically ( he had a mix of left-wing and right-wing positions ) , but he had an extreme authoritarian position . 
  yes , that 's right , she was the last from the 1800s , according to the article :  according to the us-based gerontology research group ( grg ) , the world 's oldest human being is now jamaican violet brown , who was born on march 10 , 1900 . 
  or `` nato is obsolete '' vs. [ `` nato is no longer obsolete '' ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-39585029 ) . 
  apparently , it 's from somewhere in oltenia . 
  in romanian , the word `` fes '' is also used generically for any kind of soft wooly hat . 
   also there 's a difference between skirt and long shirt ... yeah , it 's more like a dress than a skirt . 
  no investment in romania ? 
  i do n't think many people consider the apartheid and overthrowing the democratically-elected governments of chile and nicaragua to be a good thing , or the declarations of independence of algeria , angola , namibia , etc. 
  to be bad things . 
   i have n't read his letter praising the people of timisoara and bucharest for fighting off communism . 
  the people of timisoara tried to fight communism . 
  in bucharest , the ussr-aligned agents ( iliescu & co ) took over rather quickly . 
  if the ussr would n't have fallen , we would have continued being aligned with them . 
   the ussr was rather cautious about foreign interventions yes , compared to its size and power , it was cautious . 
  cuba , a rather irrelevant 10 million-people country was involved in dozens of countries . 
  the `` che guevara was a racist '' idea is based on some lines in his diary written when he was a student , about how the blacks are `` lazy and dreamers '' , who do n't share the european tradition of hard work . 
  when he became a revolutionary in cuba , he was definitely not a racist , he was involved in the desegregation in cuba and then fought against imperialist europeans in africa . 
  i doubt that . 
  hugo ch\u00e1vez was of mixed european , african and amerindian ancestry . 
  definitely not . 
  his government issued anti-discrimination laws and attempted to decrease the gap in education , incomes and social status between the white upper class and the black underclass . 
  ( this policy annoyed the whites , as they thought the resources were wasted on the blacks ) the government then declared that `` racism is over '' , but there are still far more whites in high-skilled jobs and administration . 
  lately , the income gap is growing again as the entrepreneurs in the tourism industry tend to be whites ( because european and american tourists tend to trust the whites more than the blacks , but i guess that 's not the government 's fault ) . 
   what does `` populism '' mean anyways ? 
  doing what the people want , not what the banks and big corporations want . 
   anything else i missed ? 
  they supported anti-colonial and liberation struggles across the world , from the irish republicans and palestinians to black panthers in the us . 
  they supported algeria in the war for independence against france , when the whole western world supported france . 
  ( that 's why algeria declared 8 days of mourning when castro died ) . 
  they condemned apartheid in south africa and supported the blacks in their struggle for equality . 
  ( castro had an immense influence over south african revolutionaries like mandela , who considered castro a hero and a friend ) they helped with 12,000 troops the angolans and namibians during the namibian war of independence against south africa . 
  they supported the mozambicans against the rhodesian and south-african-backed insurgents . 
  they helped ( with intelligence , training , as well as food and humanitarian aid ) the democratically-elected government of nicaragua ( the sandinistas ) against the us-backed rebels ( contras ) . 
  ----- the ussr was rather cautious about foreign interventions , but cuba was never like this , annoying the soviets . 
  at times , they were more involved in third-world international politics than the ussr .
