  [ because you post an image advocating massacring non-whites ? 
  / r/european is leaking out, 
   even if you work for a minimum wage , it 's still infinitely many times more than when you do n't work at all . 
  not if you work with one of the infamous `` zero-hour contracts '' . 
  it was about papa , so it was about your father !, 
  in romanian , we have these regional words for potato ( cartof in standard romanian ) :  ( reg . ), 
  baraboi , ( mold . ), 
  boboa\u0219\u0103 , ( mold . ), 
  cucul\u0103 , ( mold . 
  the only two i 've heard are crump ( transylvania ) and barabul\u0103 ( moldavia ) . 
  they left before the war . 
  by then there will be more ukrainians abroad than in ukraine . 
  9 million already left the country . 
  so ukrainians should wait another 20 years before * starting * to fight corruption ? 
  yes , that 's exactly the point . 
  a `` very-pro-union '' party means no compromise is going to be found . 
  [ corruption perception in ukraine is the worst in europe . 
  ] ( http://www.transparency.org/cpi2013/results ) worse than albania , moldova , belarus or russia . 
  ( which are the worst performing european countries ) worse even than countries like bangladesh , pakistan and uganda . 
  about the level of nigeria . 
  corruption in ukraine is really that bad and it has been for decades . 
  -- the maidan was a fight against this corruption . 
  unfortunately , its goals failed : the new bosses are the same as the old bosses . 
  old oligarchs in power are gone , new oligarchs are in power . 
  its economy was very fragile before the war . 
   scandinavic countries are sparsely populated countries sparsely populated countries require higher infrastructure spending . 
   a level of poverty much lower than romania 's . 
  the level of poverty is low because of the social benefits , not the other way around . 
  it taxes workers almost 50 % , companies get a 16 % tax . 
   what social mobility ? 
  in sweden there is only middle class social mobility , meaning that being born in the last fifth by income and gets to the first fifth . 
   do you think romania could afford to pay 26k pounds in benefits/person/year ? 
  romania could afford the same percentage of gdp of benefits as scandinavia . 
  but it does n't do it . 
  the funny thing is that if spain gets a ciudadanos government rather than a podemos government , catalan independence is pretty much settled . 
  young radicals are virtually all anarchists . 
  marxism is dead , long live anarchism !, 
   does n't reflect any european values . 
  the european values we spread to saudi arabia ? 
  yugoslavia never had soviet troops on its territory and it was not part of the warsaw pact . 
  it freed itself during wwii ( tito 's partizans ) . 
  cia : making latin america pro-russian since the 1950s . 
  i think it would be in europe 's interest to withdraw from nato . 
  however , we ca n't do that now . 
  europe needs its own foreign policy and a eu-wide integrated army before it can get out of nato and i 'm afraid our politicians do n't care enough about europe as a whole to do that . 
  well , he 's definitely not the only one saying this . 
  there have been dozens or maybe hundreds of leaders ( politicians , businessmen , etc. ), 
  saying this for more than a decade . 
   are those psych evals they are supposedly going through even real ? 
  if you undergo these tests every 3 or 6 months , you start to learn what are the right responses to the questions , so they 're useless . 
  a new finlandization ? 
  from wikipedia about the coal reserves of kosovo :  kosovo possesses around 14,700 billion tons of lignite in reserves , which aligns kosovo as the country with the fifth largest lignite reserves in the world . 
  did n't you know that putin is a fan of romanian television ? 
  they were obsessed with cost-savings even when this meant it affected worker safety and the environment . 
  i 'm not saying caring about costs is not a good thing , just that , sometimes , there are other things to consider . 
  if the money runs out , the greek government will cease paying the interests on the debt it already has . 
  the current expenses are not so much a problem as the primary deficit is close to zero ( iirc , they even had for the last couple of years a primary surplus ) . 
  so basically , if they can not pay the money , it 's germany 's problem , not greece 's . 
  even so , was it wrong the way they did it ? 
  i 'd argue that it was not : since 1990 , china did manage to increase 26-fold their gdp in us dollars . 
  comparing raw figures is pointless because many of the state-owned companies are considered by the chinese government as infrastructure and the purpose of infrastructure is not to bring a high `` return on assets '' , but to foster economic growth . 
  even some industrial companies can be considered as some kind of infrastructure . 
  many state-owned companies are in the commodities business ( for instance , steel ) and they 're important because they provide the private companies with raw materials . 
  these companies sell their produce at low-profit margins in order to give the chinese companies a competitive advantage . 
  you can consider this is some kind of an industrial subsidy that is not frown-upon by international trade treaties . 
  well , as long as the soviet union was involved , the only way to end would have been in eastern bloc socialism . 
  george orwell 's * homage to catalonia * is great to learn about the involvement of the ussr in catalonia . 
  lenin tried it to get the anarchists and other `` left-wing communists '' on his side early in the revolution , so they created the soviets ( worker councils , hence the name of the state ) . 
  when he got enough power ( after defeating the whites ) , he simply removed the power of the soviets and repressed/killed their supporters . 
  taylorism was chosen simply because it fitted his view of centralism . 
   that is why they could not compete with western companies after the fall of the ussr . 
  they could not compete due to technological backwardness ( the western companies used technology that was not available to eastern companies ) and management ( western management was simply better than the soviet management ) . 
  none of these two have anything to do with the companies themselves . 
  the proof for this is in china , where they solved both problems , by buying western technology and bringing western managers to lead them ( and teach a new generation of chinese managers ) . 
  even today , with all the foreign and domestic investment in industry , the state owns 30 % of chinese industry . 
  the worker-controlled companies did work quite well in catalunya . 
  the fact that the republic was eventually defeated by franco with german and italian support is not relevant . 
  anarchist catalonia was not a communist society , but it was a socialist society , as the workers did control directly the means of production , which was not the case in eastern bloc countries . 
  exactly . 
  there were socialist ideas , but the economy was definitely not socialist , as the workers themselves had no direct control over the means of production . 
  most companies were run as if they were capitalist corporations . 
  they were equally obsessed with cost-savings . 
  there was just as little care over the workers ' rights and safety , pollution , etc. 
  as the capitalist corporations had . 
  then what they have in north korea ( democratic people 's republic of korea ) is democracy . 
  and no , you ca n't use the argument that what they have in north korea is not true democracy . 
  that was not a true communism . 
  it was state capitalism . 
  the gnp numbers are irrelevant . 
  a better comparison would be for the ppp figures . 
  here we have private water and sewage , private garbage collection , private energy ( electricity and gas providers ) . 
  we have public hospitals , but they 're quite bad due to underfunding . 
  personally i 've only been in private hospitals/medical practices for the last decade or so . 
  anyway , the last few governments have been trying to completely privatize the medical and the education systems , but they met public protests . 
  a government even fell in 2012 because they tried to privatize the healthcare emergency system . 
  from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/water_privatization_in_france  as of 2010 , according to the ministry of environment 75 % of water and 50 % of sanitation services in france are provided by the private sector , primarily by two firms , veolia and suez . 
  [ according to the us government 's cdc ] ( http://cdn.zmescience.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/xhrkvha.png ) : eu countries where tap water is not safe to drink : bulgaria , romania , hungary , croatia , slovakia , estonia , lithuania , letonia , cyprus . 
  is there any country left where there is no privatization of public services ? 
  i do n't know . 
  corruption is so entrenched here that it 's difficult to go after all the cases .
