  romanian racism is against roma people , not against black people . 
  btw , i forgot to mention that the romanian middle-upper classes disregard this kind of music and consider it as music for subhumans , mainly because it 's sang by roma people , who are generally considered subhumans . 
  nevertheless , they are extremely popular among the common folks , who are less racist than the romanian upper-middle classes . 
   for instance , that song of florin salam ( released fewer than 8 months ago ) had 22 million hits on youtube . 
  that 's probably the most popular music in urban areas . 
  in rural areas , they listen to some modern interpretations of folk music ( * muzic\u0103 popular\u0103 * ) or oriental-inspired roma music ( * manele * , also popular among the lower social strata in urban areas , as well as hipsters who listen to it because it 's not cool among their own social class ) . 
  would pepe be considered an agricultural product ? 
  so buying all the greek foodstuff i found in the local supermarket did help !, 
  i 'm not claiming that hitler was not a madman , too , but his ideology is pretty clear about the * untermenschen * : there was no place for them in the new world he wanted to create . 
  i see that you assume that the reason i do n't have the same opinion as you do is ignorance . 
  i know well about the crimes of stalin 's regime and his puppets in the 1950s in eastern europe . 
  it 's not about this . 
  i 'm just arguing that there 's a big difference between an ideology that sets up as its goal to exterminate entire nations and an ideology that is used by a madman ( stalin ) for his own goals . 
  democracy has been used as an excuse for tens of millions of killings ( afghanistan , central america , iraq , etc. 
  ) , but that does n't make democracy a bad thing . 
  it 's just that some sociopaths used this as a pretext to do their imperialist goals . 
  as for the unicity : why are the killings of 3-5 million vietnamese ( and laotians , cambodians , etc. ), 
  by france and the us not the same thing as what stalin did in eastern europe ? 
  thank you . 
  we already have perpetual war . 
  there are probably at least 30 open warzone across the world , including syria , iraq , ukraine , libya , yemen , somalia , afghanistan , pakistan , israel , mali , nigeria , niger , cameroon , sudan , chechnya , etc. 
  just because it 's not close to home it does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  those people were chosen individually ( `` counter-revolutionary '' elements -- including `` kulaks '' , underground resistance groups , and other `` enemies of the people '' ) , not because of their ethnic group . 
  the jews were killed just because they were jews . 
  i 'm not saying that what the soviets did was fine , just that it 's a different situation . 
  some forms of oppression existed both before and after communism . 
  during communism they were not directed against a certain ethnic group , but rather against individuals . 
  in romania ( and as far as i know in other warsaw pact countries ) there were no deportations of entire ethnic groups ( maybe with the exception of post-war germans ) . 
  in the soviet union , there was a deportation of chechens during wwii , but that 's a different thing because during the war there were similar actions in other parts of the `` democratic '' world . 
  ( for instance , the deportation of japanese-americans in the us ), 
  there 's a big difference between an attempt to destroy an entire ethnic group ( like the nazis did with the jews or the ottomans with the armenians ) and human rights violations against individuals . 
  human rights violations against individuals have existed since the dawn of history . 
  if we outlaw denial of crimes made by the communist regime , why would n't we outlaw denial of crimes made by other regimes as well ? 
  in romania , are we going to ban denial of the massacres made by the romanian army during the 1907 peasants ' revolt ? 
  what about the killings of strikers during the 1930s ? 
  what about vlad the impaler 's massacres ? 
  what about ottomans ' crimes ? 
   but food prices are already so low . 
  that 's because of the food subsidies . 
  remove all subsidies for industrial farming and this problem should be fixed . 
  burn them ? 
  why not compost them ? 
  not country , but city : bucharest vs. budapest . 
  the us has large agricultural subsidies as well . 
   greek economy to shrink between 2.1 and 2.3 pct in 2015 , contract by 0.5 percent in 2016 , and return to 2.3 percent growth in 2017 . 
  so the growth wo n't be back before 2020 ... 
  let me rephrase what you said in a more daily mail style : evil leftist wants britain destroyed !, 
  yeah , sounds like a dangerous radical if he 's reluctant to bomb , main , kill and destroy . 
  why are you ruining the `` evil leftists '' / r/europe circle-jerk ? 
  if they could produce cheaper food , there 'd be no need for the huge subsidies , tax incentives , etc. 
  they get . 
  all big and developed countries are autarkical regarding food because it 's a matter of national security . 
  it would be cheaper to produce food in africa or south america and then import it in the eu , us or japan , but these countries wo n't allow it , so they spend huge amounts of money in subsidies for their farmers . 
  the eu alone spends $ 60 billion each year to pursue this policy and individual countries have their own individual agricultural investment policies . 
   the result is that some products are completely gone ( fancy fish , tropical fruits and such ) tropical fruits and fancy fish are not produced only by the eu . 
  the comparative advantage theory is mostly bullshit . 
  if china applied it , they would have had just to use their cheap workforce to produce textiles , not invest in high tech . 
   replacing all those eu producers with local ones proved to be harder than expected . 
  for the long term , it 's better for their economy to replace imports with local production . 
  our government just did what the us told them . 
  there was never any majority of romanians who wanted troops in iraq or afghanistan . 
  corbyn wants more discussions in every conflict . 
  i do n't understand why he 's been attacked when he says he wants `` dialogue '' . 
  i 've also seen him attacked for supporting the terrorists for arguing that all parties involved in the israeli conflict ( including hamas and hezbollah ) should start a dialogue . 
  there were just four countries who did the initial invasion : us , uk , australia and poland . 
  the initiative was started by the us and uk . 
  australia , poland and the other countries involved were only followers . 
  they certainly would n't have invaded iraq on their own . 
  nope , they grew out of iraq . 
  from wikipedia :  on 12 october 2006 , the mujahideen shura council merged with several more insurgent factions , and on 13 october the establishment of the ad-dawlah al-\u02bbiraq al-isl\u0101miyah , also known as the islamic state of iraq ( isi ) , was announced . 
  [ 52 ] the leaders of this group were abu abdullah al-rashid al-baghdadi and abu ayyub al-masri . 
  [ 53 ] after they were killed in a u.s. -- iraqi operation in april 2010 , abu bakr al-baghdadi became the new leader of the group . 
    on 8 april 2013 , having expanded into syria , the group adopted the name islamic state of iraq and al-sham , which more fully translates as islamic state of iraq and the levant . 
  the ideology was not provided by the uk or us , but by your friends , the saudis , who spend huge amounts of money spreading their extremism . 
  but the us and uk made the fertile ground for isis by weakening the iraqi state during and after the invasion . 
  i do n't know whether this was stupidity or on purpose , but the americans saw the weakening of the state as a step towards democratization and away from saddam 's authoritarianism . 
  it was this chaos that allowed the saudi-funded extremists to start to organize . 
  the same happened in syria . 
  do you really think russia ( or any other nuclear country ) would use atom bombs against a non-nuclear country ? 
  that 's out of the question . 
  it would lead to an international invasion force . 
  that would be the only way to make the whole world unite against someone . 
  well , his `` our '' includes the americans and he 's not at all wrong : for instance , isis was caused by anglo-american foreign politics , particularly the invasion of iraq and arming the rebels in syria . 
  corbyn has been talking about such dangers since before the invasion . 
  i tend to agree with him . 
  i would have preferred to have a eastern european defence pact instead . 
  that would have allowed us to have a real foreign policy , not just be a vasal of us interests : we 've been involved in stupid adventures like iraq and afghanistan , we have american bases on our territory , etc. 
  together , the eastern european countries ( poland , romania , hungary , czech republic , slovakia , bulgaria , the baltic states , albania , former yugoslavia ) have almost the same population and gdp as russia , so we can support a defence force strong enough to prevent a russian invasion . 
  yeah , but both the design is also made in romania . 
  ( i have a couple of friends who work in design at renault romania ), 
  i saw the `` sorry about our prime minister '' billboards on the way to the airport in budapest a month ago . 
  they wo n't deliberately underfund the nhs , they 'd just privatize it piece by piece . 
   there 's no pragmatism towards the swing voters there . 
  well , he is anti-monarchist , but he said he wo n't be pressing this issue because current polls show that there are n't many republicans in the uk . 
  there 's linux to build upon . 
  bulgaria : similar cuisine , folklore , traditions , economic development , mindset , same problems , almost everything is in common . 
  however , we like to brag that we 're 5 % better than them , so do n't tell them i said this . 
  nah , you should just bring a grenade launcher at a hand grenade fight . 
  there is a big difference between religious thoughts ( which may or may not be bad ) and organized religion . 
  religion is holding society back with their stupid and illogical rules made thousands of years ago .
