  the romanian majority was overwhelmingly for the union , the germans were divided half for/half against and the hungarians were overwhelmingly against . 
  the result would have depended on the rules of referendum . 
  if there was just one referendum across transylvania , the result would have been likely a yes . 
  if there were several referenda in various provinces , then it depends on how you would have divided those areas . 
   the idea of a union with moldova is spreading !, 
  well , there have been some talks in the press because of moldova 's association with the eu . 
  however , while three-quarters of romanians want it , fewer than half of the moldovans want it , so it 's not possible * yet * . 
  from what i understand , urban youth ( educated after the fall of the ussr ) and the intelligentsia are in favour , while the older and rural people ( educated in the ussr ) are much more likely to be against this . 
  if this is correct , then it 's just a matter of the changing of generations . 
   it was more like an annexation in my opinion . 
  well , there were meeting of representatives of the main ethnic groups ; most of the representatives of romanians voted for it , while the representatives of the hungarians refused to vote . 
  and the hungarians living in transylvania do get pretty good minority rights : education from the kindergarden up to university level in hungarian , communication with local authorities in their language , etc. 
  what they do n't have is autonomy for the szekely , who are living in a compact area in the east of transylvania . 
  this would require a change to the constitution , and this would require a national referendum , which likely wo n't pass . 
  it seems that the only chance for the szekely to get their autonomy is a union with moldova , because moldova already has an autonomous region ( g\u0103g\u0103uzia ) and it would require that the new romania to have this in the constitution . 
  i thought that moldovans are our brothers and the italians are our cousins !, 
  not so radicals . 
  nationality means ethnicity in that context , not citizenship . 
  yes , it is : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muslims_ ( nationality ), 
  they produce more hot air than gas . 
  putin is more subtle than stalin . 
  he 'd ask about the capabilities of the papal secret services . 
  it was a human error combined with a design flaw . 
  it 's easy to find the train mechanic as a scapegoat , but the problem was that design flaw : if you allow the `` humans '' to do something wrong , sooner or later someone would do it wrong and in the case of such infrastructure , it can results in dozens or hundreds of dead . 
  accidents due to a combination of design flaws and human errors do happen everywhere , not just in china . 
  let me remind you that this year there was [ an accident ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/santiago_de_compostela_derailment ) leading to 79 deaths on a spanish high-speed train . 
   `` the promotion of sexual perverts '' they probably mean the gays . 
  he requested social housing before being evicted . 
  he knew that the house was requested by its former owners and he expected that the moment they get their property deed , they could evict them . 
  well , he was evicted in 2008 and died in 2011 , so it was not in the 1990s . 
  the social housing system in romania is inadequate , like virtually every kind of welfare program . 
  the system is based on apartments owned by local authorities that are rented at discount prices to people who ca n't afford to rent from the market . 
  but there are just too few apartments , so they ca n't fill the demand . 
  there is some welfare payments that are paid to people who ca n't find a job ( after the unemployment benefits end ) , but they 're between 33 $ to 50 $ per family per month . 
  the minimum wage is around 130 $ / month after taxes . 
  in bucharest , the cheapest one-room apartment in the worst location you can rent is around 150 $ . 
  when russia started giving them money ? 
  the biography of the guy who wrote that song about being `` better to be dead than communist '' , cristian pa\u021burc\u0103 , is interesting . 
  he lived his whole life in a house owned by the state . 
  the house was however given back to its pre-communist-era owner who evicted him . 
  he applied for social housing , but five years on , the local authorities did n't give any answer to his request . 
  a local politician gave him an apartment for a few months ( during the electoral campaign ) , but then , he was evicted from that place too . 
  after a brief interlude of homelessness , an association of the people who participated in the 1989 revolution gave him a room in their headquarters . 
  contracting tuberculosis , he was in a hospital for while , where he died soon of this disease . 
  the `` fighter against communism '' in the student movements of 1990 died alone , sick and penniless in capitalist romania . 
  in case you 're wondering , the moldovan `` communists '' are what would be called `` conservatives '' elsewhere . 
  their ideology is based on russian nationalism ( fighting romania and the eu ) , conservative christianity ( allies of the orthodox church ) , social conservatives ( hating the gays and anything modern ) , etc. 
  economically , they 're the kind of communists who privatize state-owned companies . 
  but overall , they 're just a bunch of corrupt idiots . 
  yeah , especially for finding addresses . 
   why should we start buying their stuff now , we never did before . 
  germany imports a lot of things from southern europe . 
  for instance , it 's the biggest export market for italian goods . 
  ( over 60 billion $ / year ) and unlike germany , which exports mostly high-tech equipment and industrial goods , many of the goods exported by southern europe are consumer goods . 
  actually , much of germany 's exports are high-tech , so they wo n't be affected by a minimum wage . 
  but i think posnania is right , it can reduce ( probably just a bit ) germany 's trade surplus by buying more southern european products , thus increasing the imports . 
  actually , a minimum wage , if set to a reasonable level , helps economic growth , not hinder it . 
   bastions of orthodoxy , such as the oecd , a rich-country think-tank , and the international monetary fund , now assert that a moderate minimum wage probably does not do much harm and may do some good . 
  [ the economist ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/finance-and-economics/21567072-evidence-mounting-moderate-minimum-wages-can-do-more-good-harm ), 
   they 'll spend more money . 
  it will increase internal demand . 
  and also demand of southern european goods . 
   as far as i know not many people will be affected by a minimum wage plenty of workers will be affected . 
  from the article :  according to the diw economic institute , 5.6 million germans , or 17 percent of the workforce , now earn less than $ 8.50 an hour, 
  a minimum wage will not affect much the more developed areas ; it will just give more purchasing power to the poorer regions , thus helping them develop . 
  it could also help if the german government would start large-scale infrastructure projects . 
  well , they 're contesting the fines and likely the fines will be overturned by the courts . 
  the authorities do n't care much if the fines are paid or not , they just want to scare the people from protesting . 
  it simply means the confiscation of all property for the people who do have such property ( an apartment , a car , etc ) . 
  they 're trying to `` convince '' people who have something to lose not to participate in the protests . 
  here in romania , last sunday , during the weekly protest ( there have been at least weekly protests for more than three months ) , police fined 62 protesters with a sum of 110 $ each for `` disturbing the public peace '' . 
  apparently , the protesters in front of the parliament were not quiet while protesting . 
  the fine given is almost the minimum monthly wage . 
  not all of them . 
  you only hear in the news of the people who do n't want to integrate , but there are plenty of people who do . 
  actually , it 's like this :  only 46 percent were in favor of offering snowden political asylum in germany , with 48 percent against . 
  well , post-feudalism , rather . 
  it 's like in 18th century romania . 
  in the 18th century , the two principalities of romania ( wallachia and moldavia ) were autonomous parts of the ottoman empire . 
  at this time , feudalism was being dismantled here . 
  serfdom was abolished , traditional nobility titles started not to matter anymore , everything was about money . 
  the prince who ruled these lands was elected by the sultan . 
  the election was simple : the person who was able to give him the largest sum of money , got the job . 
  then the newly-elected prince would try to get as much money out of his rule as possible in order to recover his investment and get some profit . 
  to do this , he tried to maximize his incomes . 
  for instance , he sold every public job at the highest bidder . 
  these public jobs were always generating their own income , so these people also tried to get as much money as possible . 
  the prince tried to increase the taxes as much as possible ( through spoliation of the peasants and merchants ) and , when getting enough money , run away loaded with the princely treasury , literally burning bridges behind . 
  i think internet will , sooner or later , create a movement which would change things , arguing for the values of new internet-generation , but this `` revolution '' must be worldwide or else , it will fail . 
  so far , we had pirate parties ( which had a too narrow scope ) , best party ( iceland ) and 5 stelle ( italy ) , but which were too centred towards their own countries . 
   without connections , it 's almost impossible to get a decent job . 
  here , for the public sector , it 's completely impossible to get a decent job without connections . 
  note that a decent public sector job does not include something like being a teacher , since the pay is so bad for that . 
  for the private sector , it depends : in the managerial positions , it might be true , but for technical positions ( especially it and engineering ) , it 's definitely not . 
  because when no one gets 50 % , the seat goes into the redistribution pool and in that phase , only parties are eligible , not independent candidates . 
  the redistribution algorithm , which intends to make a proportional system within the first-past-the-post system , is very complex and unpredictable . 
  depending on the results on the other electoral districts from the same county or even the rest of the country , it means that either of the three parties could win the district . 
  it 's not possible to kick bulgaria and romania out of the eu for a lot of reasons : * many western companies invested in these countries and they do n't want to lose their investments * being kicked out of the eu might lead to serious changes , perhaps a bounce of economic nationalism leading to wide-spread nationalizations * this might affect the balance of power in western european countries as well * no other eastern european country ( poland , slovakia , hungary , etc ) would agree with this, 
  that 's probably independents who are not registered with any party . 
  our prime-minister said their party are `` the most pro-business social-democrats in europe '' .
