  let me remind you how the new york times , a progressive and usually rational newspaper became a war-mongering propaganda machine right before the invasion of iraq . 
  there is an algorithm , but it has so many variables involved that it 's pretty much useless to know it unless you know the proportions . 
   not ideal but we can blaspheme all we want . 
  when you ban selling toilet paper with religious figures on it ( illegal in germany ) , it 's not defamation , it 's blasphemy . 
  eastern european countries would pay less , while the western european countries ( germany ) would pay more , while the average might increase slightly . 
  if the case was the other way around , the energy union would have occurred a long time ago ... , 
   what a baltic german from wagner street in medieval riga had in common with a camel herder living in a tent somewhere in south asia , buying a wife in exchange for a goat ? 
  you could use the same argument against the eu : what an educated swede has in common with a nomadic roma living in a tent somewhere in the balkans , buying a wife in exchange for some gold coins ? 
  i googled tajik and [ the first photo was this ] ( http://i1.trekearth.com/photos/3052/tajik.jpg ) . 
  impressing unibrow . 
   novosibirsk scientists ... arguing , it seems . 
  but moldova is correct : they have wine . 
   and nobody gives a f * ck about laws in turkey . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the dozens of turkish journalists jailed can say that the law is sometimes applied . 
  the municipality of sparta ( population : 35,259 ) would also want a share . 
  of course it 's awful . 
  * scotland has free higher education ( english people have to pay ) * scotland has free nhs prescriptions ( english people have to pay ) * lower unemployment rate / higher employment rate than england * scots are more satisfied with their life than english people ( [ link ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-18966729 ) ), 
   when i disagreed i was ridiculed by the teacher and colleagues . 
  where is this ? 
  from what i know , young people are generally more open , at least in bucharest . 
   be the first one to grant ukrainians visa-free travel ukraine is a war-zone now . 
  that would lead to millions of refugees in poland within months . 
   how is life for homosexuals in your country ? 
  in the closet . 
  almost no one is publicly gay . 
   can they marry and have children ? 
   are they well seen in society ? 
  90 % of romanians say they would n't want a homosexual family member . 
  54 % say they would n't want a homosexual co-worker . 
  45 % say they would n't want a homosexual neighbour . 
  making putin a martyr pretty much guarantees that the next president of russia will be even more tough . 
  also illegal in austria , hungary , poland , czech republic and a few other countries . 
   `` communism '' in eastern europe is basically a cheap excuse of soviet nostalgy , with little to no ideology behind it . 
  and much of the nostalgy is like `` things were better back then , we were young ... '' . 
  that 's how they call the country in albanian . 
  then we need to get albania in the eu . 
  although i guess half of it already is in italy . 
  you mean kill them ? 
  `` imperialism is the highest stage of capitalism . '', 
  agreed . 
  which is why i do n't believe in lenin 's idea of `` vanguard party '' . 
  i prefer a form of participative democracy rather than party politics . 
  a free market is not incompatible with the far-left ideologies . 
  for instance , there 's a rather popular ideology called [ left-wing market anarchism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/left-wing_market_anarchism ) which fixes both the issue of corruption ( since the power is not centralized ) and of inefficient allocation of resources ( since it 's based on market ) . 
  well , the eu is a strange beast : it centralizes power , but not in the hands of a person or even small elite . 
  the eu centralizes the power in the hands of a large bureaucracy . 
  in this respect , it is more similar to the more benign 1970s soviet union than to stalin 's soviet union . 
  i think the idea of having a european union is good , but the implementation is totally flawed . 
  imo , this is equivalent of showing pictures of germans killed by jews during the anti-german revolts in occupied poland to deny holocaust . 
  he opposed in his speeches the `` bad capitalists '' ( i.e. 
  jews ) with the `` good capitalists '' ( i.e. 
  germans ) , to whom he wanted to entrust the means of products . 
  that 's definitely not socialism . 
   every single time communism was tried out there was never a country calling itself `` communist '' , they called themselves `` socialist '' . 
  the parties claimed to have communism as a goal . 
  but i agree with you : if a marxist-leninist communist party tried again today to run a country , they 'd eventually become an oppressive regime , too . 
  the reason is quite obvious : centralization of power leads to a dictatorship . 
  however , that does n't mean we could n't have a more fair society and economy , just that it 's a must to distribute the political power as much as possible and prevent its accumulation , just like the marxist-leninists argue about the capital . 
  they want to ban the communist name as well , so it would be illegal to have a `` communist '' organization , regardless of its ideology . 
   hitler was a capitalist . 
  yes , he was . 
  [ see this article on hitler 's privatization of state assets during the 1930s ] ( http://www.ub.edu/graap/nazi.pdf ) . 
  well , the swastika is not banned in germany for religious purposes . 
  you can have terrorist acts in the name of any ideology . 
  that does n't mean say anything about that ideology , just about the particular group doing it . 
   nope , it 's like defining communism as it was , as it is and as it always will be - contrary to everything eu represents . 
  the world is not black and white . 
  there are a lot of shades of grey . 
  giving the eu a single meaning is just like giving all the communist movements in the world ( from anarcho-communists to stalinists ) a single meaning . 
  both are false . 
   i 'm talking about far-left and communist propaganda so you want to give up on free speech ? 
  it 's understandable to have limits on free speech if it 's hate speech , but why should you ban `` far-left '' ideas ? 
  nazi propaganda is banned in almost every european country , so it 's not news . 
  most often , it does n't matter what the law says , but who interprets it . 
  actually , they gave recognition to the ukrainian fascist group allied with nazi germany during wwii :  however a separate law adopted by the rada on thursday officially recognised the role of a nationalist group that fought for ukraine 's independence in the mid-20th century and is still popular in western ukraine . 
  then i propose banning the symbols of the two most murderous religions as well : christianity and islam . 
  i 'm sure there are countless millions who were killed in their name . 
  it 's not the same thing : nazis preach hate of minorities , communists preach equality of everyone . 
  the soviet union used `` communism '' as an excuse to impose its imperialist goals , continuing the imperialist policies of the russian empire . 
  should n't we ban the cause , imperialism , rather than the excuse ? 
  there is a difference between banning stalinism from banning symbols that were used by other movements and schools of thoughts as well . 
  it 's like banning all islamic symbols because some terrorists used them as well . 
  also , the european court of human rights [ decided that banning communist parties is a violation of fundamental rights . 
  ] ( http://hudoc.echr.coe.int/sites/eng/pages/search.aspx# { `` dmdocnumber '' :[ `` 717612 '' ] , `` itemid '' :[ `` 001-68175 '' ] } ), 
  so does germany . 
  there was the idea floating that serbia and kosovo do a land swap . 
  kosovo would get the preshevo valley ( albanian majority ) , while serbia would get northern kosovo ( serbian majority ) , however the us opposed this idea , so kosovo backed down on any negotiations . 
  you can find scums who became billionaires across the world , it 's not something that happens only in greece . 
  that does n't explain why sweden , france and norway have higher fertility rates ( 1.8-2 .0 ) than germany ( 1.3-1 .4 ) . 
   educated - there is huge brain drain i 'd call it `` workforce drain '' . 
  there is a large-scale migration from all categories of working age workers : from the unskilled workers to educated professionals , doctors and scientists . 
  most eu countries have exceptions for food . 
  typically , the food vat is below 10 % . 
  romania was one of the few countries not having a reduced vat for food , even sweden has 12 % . 
  that 's a certain thing . 
  the eu requested the creation of an anti-corruption directorate . 
  however , it 's not very clear why fight against corruption worked in romania , but not in bulgaria , as we are culturally similar and we joined the eu at the same time . 
  and belgium ? 
  actually , syriza are to the right of the labour/social-democratic parties of post-wwii europe . 
  just because they are to the left of the now-neoliberal `` social-democratic '' parties , it does n't mean they 're extreme left .
