  this has nothing to do with hate speech . 
  hate speech is when you attack verbally someone based on their ethnicity , race , etc. 
   the explosion blew the car carrero blanco was travelling in over the roof of a church where he had just been attending mass . 
  `` eta combined a policy against the use of official vehicles with a space programme , '' read one of the posts . 
  another said : `` did carrero blanco also go back to the future with his car ? '' were there other jokes as well ? 
  norway has a more diversified economy . 
  russia 's industry was decimated during the chaos of the 1990s . 
  which is a shame , because they do have educated people who can handle easily an advanced industry . 
  except for some strategic parts , putin did not attempt to revive it , until now ( and now it 's much harder , because they have no money to do it ) . 
   everything is fucking expensive . 
  that 's what protectionism does . 
  it 's like a hidden tax which is then used for investment . 
  the better way would have been to invest the money they had when resource prices were high a decade ago , but now it 's too late for regrets . 
  yup . 
  they based their economy on resource extraction and now resource prices are low . 
  their monetary and political response was the correct one : they allowed the rouble to devalue and increased the interest rates to prevent a capital flight . 
  however , such good policies just prevented a collapse , they ca n't change the fact that their economy simply is n't diversified enough . 
  they 're trying to reindustrialize , but that 's a very difficult task and i doubt they will be able to do it in the short term , unless they have plenty of money to throw around ( and they do n't , because the resource prices are still low ) . 
  actually , russia 's sanctions were more like some kind of protectionism for their local agriculture . 
  following the sanctions , their agricultural output did start to grow , helped by the higher prices . 
  asshole drivers is the # 1 reason . 
   beyond the huge living disparity the difference between east and west germany was nowhere near the difference between the two koreas . 
  west germany had a bit more than double the gdp per capita ( ppp ) of eastern germany . 
  south korea has 21 times the gdp per capita ( ppp ) of north korea . 
  this is the real reason : * population of georgia : 3,7 million * population of ukraine : 42,5 million, 
  down more than 5 % : * manufacture of tobacco products -- good , we 're smoking less !, 
  * mining of coal and lignite -- good , we 're polluting less !, 
  * extraction of crude petroleum and natural gas -- good !, 
  * manufacture of wearing apparel -- ok , the wages in eastern europe have grown , so they began moving the industry to bangladesh . 
  * printing and reproduction of recorded media -- good , digital media is eating it . 
  if 0.1 % afford expensive cars and ugly mansions , it does n't mean that all of them afford them . 
  however , most roma have more european and middle eastern ancestry than indian . 
  they live in shanty towns and ghettos because they ca n't afford more . 
   the free appartment buildings they are given . 
  no one gives away free apartments . 
  most cities do n't even have rent-free or rent-subsidized social housing . 
  i know roma people who are educated , part of the middle-class , and they do n't smell . 
  the smell is a characteristic of deep poverty of every race and ethnicity . 
   were they allowed to live their lifestyle under a centralized economy ? 
  the authorities tried to integrate them , with mixed results . 
  some of them were integrated , lived in romanian neighbourhoods , leading to mixed marriage ; they usually no longer consider themselves roma . 
  some of them were put into areas that were mostly inhabited by roma . 
  these usually turned into ghettos . 
  some of them continued to live as nomads , despite the authorities ' ban of such a lifestyle . 
  what really helped with the integration was the fact that they were guaranteed a job . 
  the stereotypes used by the nazis were that they were at the same time filthy , living in squalor and rich , living in decadent opulence . 
   their culture relies on isolating themselves from the rest of society used as an argument by the nazis against the jews . 
  their perceived refusal to integrate was used to create the conspiracy theories popularized by the nazi press . 
   living by their own , archaic rules used as an argument by the nazis against the jews . 
  the `` barbaric '' rituals and rules of the jewish communities were a major part in the nazi propaganda . 
   coming up with ways to con the majority used as an argument by the nazis against the jews . 
  the jews were crooks who conned the majority . 
   to profit from their naive idealism . 
  used as an argument by the nazis against the jews . 
  the jews were depicted as profiteers over the good-faith germans . 
   suggesting we treat them more humanely in the 90s indeed , what a horrible idea : to treat them humanely . 
   now they mostly agree with our position about them . 
  now they agree that we should not treat them humanely ? 
  because most of the posters in these threads are eastern european and far-right extremist positions are `` normal '' among the eastern european middle-class . 
   they 're not capable of building a civilized community exactly what the nazis used to say about the jews . 
   they 're all european gypsies . 
  but the romanian roma people have been living in romania for only 700 years . 
  if you have no home , the city has no social housing and the law does n't allow you to live abandoned buildings or on the street ( there was a discussion about how owners can call the authorities to `` evict '' homeless living in front of their property ) , where should you live ? 
  you 're saying `` it 's hard to feel bad for them '' , but the people who live in squalor are obviously not the same with those who are rich . 
   see the palaces they build from stealing and begging yeah , if 0.1 % of them are rich , it means the vast majority who are dirt poor should not get any social services , right ? 
  are n't their cities also ? 
  if they should not live in `` our '' cities , where should they live , then ? 
  let 's say it like this : it 's not uncommon to hear opinions from middle-class people here ( for instance , from my co-workers ) asking for their genocide . 
  a local politician from the second-largest party ( national liberals ) said they should be all sterilized and he was even not sanctioned by the party . 
  you give dragnea too much credit . 
  changing the legislative framework is not possible , at least not for now . 
  orban tried to change it and he could not . 
  remember that orban , is much smarter , more cunning and has more guts than dragnea . 
  we 're talking about tens of billions ( or even hundreds of billions ) in bank assets that may be affected . 
  these western banks have connections to western intelligence services . 
  if dragnea tries anything funny ( that may affect the banks ) , an `` investigative journalist '' will publish some interesting documents that will lead to his arrest . 
  hyperinflation simply can not happen within the current national bank legislative framework . 
  predictions for sweden from that report : * 2010 : 0.949 * 2015 : 0.941 * 2020 : 0.934 [ actual data ] ( http://hdr.undp.org/sites/all/themes/hdr_theme/country-notes/swe.pdf ) ( revised version for hdi , so are not comparable in absolute units with the above ) : * 2010 : 0.901 * 2011 : 0.903 * 2012 : 0.904 * 2013 : 0.906 * 2014 : 0.909 * 2015 : 0.913 so the actual hdi data is going up , whereas those predictions said it should be going down . 
  all eu members except for bulgaria are in the `` very high human development '' category . 
  where did isis and other jihadist militias get their equipment ? 
  `` every gun that is made , every warship launched , every rocket fired signifies , in the final sense , a theft from those who hunger and are not fed , those who are cold and are not clothed . 
  this world in arms is not spending money alone . 
  it is spending the sweat of its laborers , the genius of its scientists , the hopes of its children . '', 
   romania was part of the first bulgarian empire well , the borders of the first bulgarian empire were not very clear , it 's more based on guesses than hard facts . 
  do you assume that if i ( or other romanians ) stop using the word `` roma '' , our international reputation would get any better ? 
  our international reputation is bad due to the fact that romanian citizens ( both ethnic romanian and ethnic roma ) do crimes in western europe , not because roma are called like that . 
  that 's the way they call themselves , regardless of whether of whether you like it or not . 
  of course it would affect the exchange rate , but this is an extreme case , in which , unlike in the case of ireland , denmark can not go bankrupt because it can always simply print more krone . 
  the pegging is a decision of the bank . 
  they can undo it unilaterally . 
  even the euro-denominated debt is pretty much `` foreign debt '' for ireland because the bank of ireland can not just create euros by itself out of thin air like the danmarks nationalbank does with danish krone . 
  of course , it was discouraged officially . 
  it was still practiced , but it had a relatively low profile in romanian society . 
  after 1989 , the intellectual elite began supporting the idea that the opposite of everything that communists believed must be a good thing . 
  religion , anti-semitism , discrimination against the roma , misogyny , even fascist ideas were ok because the communists opposed them . 
  no , but it would probably it would look black ( close to 100 % ) everywhere except for the cities of bucharest and cluj . 
  of course . 
  what i do n't understand is why is there such a big difference between us and our twins , the bulgarians . 
  in all international classifications , we 're one next to the other ; typically , we 're very slightly better , but not by much . 
  the percentage of romania is more like conformism ( everyone claims to believe in god ) , rather than the real belief .
