  you need know-how and , in the case of military technology , it 's not public . 
  they did a good job with f-35 if their goal was to get more profits . 
  in the defense industry , usually the companies get as profits a ( rather fixed ) percentage of the costs , so higher costs = more profits . 
  i do n't mean just the new areas . 
  for instance the ghica-tei neighbourhood is at least 200 years old . 
  yeah , because 20 % of transylvania 's population are going to rule over the majority . 
   fuck no !, 
  we 're poor enough already . 
  then i propose we give the vaslui county to moldova . 
  we 're poor enough already without them , why should we keep that backwards county that is about as economically developed as the republic of moldova ? 
   happily romania has no experience in annexing other countries actually , we had some experience with annexing transnistria ( all the way to the bug , including odessa ) during wwii . 
  it 's a demographics issue : the short story is that older moldovans do n't want it , while young moldovans want the union . 
  older people remember how things were much better during the soviet union days . 
  they also see how insanely corrupt liberals ( those who are pro-eu ) are . 
  younger people realize there 's no way to bring back the good old days and the only way to develop is to get closer to romania and the eu . 
  but as the generations change , the society gets more and more pro-romanian . 
  also , our currency is romanian/moldovan leu , we even had the same anthem between 1991 and 1994 . , 
   romania is n't a federal state , nor would i like it to be one . 
  why not ? 
  wait for russia to go bankrupt . 
  occupation of hostile areas is pretty expensive . 
  ask the americans about the costs of irak and afghanistan . 
  my parents have a house in the countryside and they have adsl 20 mbit/sec . 
  that 's not valid only in remote villages . 
  you can go to the outskirts of bucharest for areas without sewerage . 
  the situation is still bad . 
  more than half of the county presidents , dozens of ministers , a tenth of currently-serving mps are under investigation , arrested or convicted of corruption , fraud or blackmail charges . 
  there is no mainstream party not involved in this . 
  there was an on-going joke about this in the / r/romania reddit as well . 
  or the city of dongguan in china , of which most people never heard . 
  actually , it 's divided on the map by a thin white line . 
  zoom a bit . 
  the difference is that today many corporations do n't even pay those taxes . 
  they simply avoid them using all kinds of tax heavens . 
  this was not the case a few decades ago . 
  they 're related . 
  the countries are poorer because the companies are richer . 
  the countries are afraid to tax the companies , so they have to resort to lending and let the next government find a solution . 
   just curious , why do you believe that ? 
  there 's going to be a sovereign debt crisis . 
  for example , italy 's debt was 103 % of gdp in 2008 . 
  now it 's 132 % of gdp . 
  it 's a mathematical impossibility to keep it going for long . 
  italy is a huge economy , it 's not like greece , so the effects for the world economy will be orders of magnitude greater . 
  for all practical purposes , it is in russia . 
   the glorious scent of european liberty you can smell the scent is due to their slovenly habits ? 
  it 's similar to why in latin america , russia ( and before that , the ussr ) is better liked than the united states , whereas , here in eastern europe , it is the other way around . 
  smaller countries try to get the help of more distant powers to be saved from the local powers . 
  fixed , 
  actually , it 's the russians ' fault . 
   the russians had been at war with the ottomans for much of the previous centuries . 
  in 19th century , they wanted to conquer the barely-alive empire . 
  the only thing that prevented this ( and making istanbul a greek city once again ) was the british , french and italian intervention on the ottomans ' side during the crimean war . 
  during the 1877 war , the russians were able to go back and defeat the ottomans , allowing the independence of romania , serbia , montenegro and quasi-independence of bulgaria , making the ottoman empire irrelevant in the balkans . 
  actually , bulgaria gained independence only in 1908 . 
  in 1878 it became autonomous within the ottoman empire . 
  that was in 2006 , before the crisis . 
  we have planning laws . 
  we also have corruption , which helps overriding them . 
  you 're right . 
  anyway , they do take a lunch break , but i do n't know how long it is . 
   involving all their elderly and children . 
  at least in scandinavia , underage children never beg . 
  the child protection agencies would take them away immediately . 
  some beggars have photos of their children who are back in romania , but they do n't have them there . 
  also , at least in stockholm , i have not seen any young men begging . 
  usually , it 's middle-aged ( aged 40-50 ) men or women . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  you ca n't build a house like that from the 200 $ the beggars put aside every month get from begging . 
  you can , however , build a house if you are involved in crime : prostitution , pickpocketing , drug trafficking , breaking ins , etc. 
  in romania , they were also involved in the 1990s in stealing scrap iron from the closed down factories . 
   the government has programs for anyone who is homeless , without food does the government have programs for people who have never been legal residents or employees in the country ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they 'd prefer to get housing benefits instead of living under a bridge and to get welfare from the government instead of begging in the cold for a few hundred euros a month . 
  from what i 've seen when i lived in stockholm , during the summer , the beggars in front of the supermarket started at 7 am and left around 8 pm . 
  that 's 11 hours , every day , including the weekends , in the cold ( swedish summer can be rather cold , too ) . 
  that 's 330 hours per month . 
  they get around 600 $ / month , that 's around 2 $ / h. 
  that 's higher than the hourly minimum wage in romania . 
  now it will be even easier . 
   like somehow the whole fucking country is going to fly over to uk and start stealing and begging . 
  you know , this fear was not without a valid reason : for instance , in stockholm , in front of every ( and i really mean every one ) supermarket or metro station there is a romanian ( or bulgarian ) beggar . 
  that did n't prevent romanians from moving to western european countries and working illegally there when we were given visa-free travel ( before eu membership ) . 
  you are not going to move to western europe to work illegally . 
  most likely , no educated turks and few urban turks would do this . 
  but there are rural turkish citizens living in deep poverty who would see this as a big improvement over their current standard of living . 
  this is pretty much how it happens in romania after we were given visa-free travel . 
   visa free travel is what for example what australia has with the schengen zone the difference is that australians would n't move en masse to the eu to work illegally . 
  there are some very poor regions in turkey ( particularly the eastern part ) where unemployment is over 20 % . 
  within a few years after we had visa-free travel ( even before we had the right to settle ) , almost 10 % of the population of romania and bulgaria had already settled in western europe . 
  the fact that there is already a turkish community in many western countries ( probably around 4-5 million in all ) should make it even easier . 
  there 's no need for a referendum : it 's obvious that not even one eu country supports giving turks visa-free access . 
  30 % market share for all seeds . 
  for gmo seeds , they have 100 % of the market for several crops , including maize . 
  either way , it 's a silly reason . 
  in romania , the law says `` 5 % of the total of the valid votes '' ( * 5 % din totalul voturilor valabil exprimate * ) . 
  europe needs to push for electric cars soon , or the european car industry will go the way of the dodo . 
  the ceos of these companies only think about their next quarter 's profitability , not the long run . 
  investing in electric vehicles may decrease the profit now , but it will allow the survival of the company in a decade . 
  he also removed his grandson , prince nicholas ( who was probably the only nice person in the whole family ) , from the line of succession for reasons of `` modesty and moral principles '' . 
  the rumour goes that it 's because he 's gay .
