  so currently , the next-in-line is princess margareta , who is married to an actor who most likely is also a secret agent of some sorts . 
   about 21 % of the respondents to a survey would go for monarchy should a referendum on the form of government in romania and this percentage would probably go in half after king michael ( aged 94 ) dies . 
  their family is too `` white trash '' to have a chance to be the royal family again . 
  this was pretty clear after princess irina and her husband were arrested for organizing cockfights and illegal gambling at their ranch in oregon , united states . 
  a good offense is a great way to make some new enemies . 
  also , the refugee crisis in europe we currently have is a by-product of your `` good offense '' . 
  [ was your reply this ? 
  ] ( https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-r-paoietd0m/uldhp2n280i/aaaaaaaaayo/e-ytcsn5wiw/s1600/lalala%2bcan't%2bhear%2byou.jpg ), 
  do n't you know ? 
  every person who ever died in soviet union died because of communism . 
  every person who died in a capitalist country of hunger or preventable disease , died because of his or her own fault , not because of capitalism . 
   well in the case of communism , it was the forced aspect of it . 
  exactly . 
  there 's no force involved when people die of hunger or treatable diseases in capitalist countries . 
  all hundreds of millions of such deaths in 20th and 21st centuries in third-world countries . 
   how poorly `` europe '' did in the bombing of libya did n't we kill enough civilians ? 
  `` defense '' , in american parlance , means `` offense '' . 
  i 'm not concered about regular trade . 
  i 'm concerned about the billions of euros worth of weapons they buy each year from the eu ( particularly france , britain , italy and germany ) . 
   they provide cooperation in intelligence and anti-terror matters . 
  of course they know a lot about terrorism . 
  their state finances the ideology behind it and their citizens finance their operations . 
  an ally against who ? 
  these bedouins are living in deep poverty and the eu is trying to help them , something that the israel is not willing to do . 
  building some houses for some poor people is obviously a provocative action !, 
  no : israeli settlements in the occupied land = good . 
  palestinians settlements in their own land = bad . 
   almost everyone is concerned about saudi arabia if there is such a consensus about saudi arabia , why is every western government so pro-saudi arabia ? 
  the majority of palestinians is not in the area c , but it is [ the majority of the palestinian territory ] ( http://www.btselem.org/sites/default/files2/library/201306_area_c_poster_eng.jpg ) . 
  also , in that area there have been [ 14.000 demolition orders , ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/09/report-reveals-scale-israel-home-demolitions-150906143116488.html ) coordinated with hundreds of thousands of new israeli colonists . 
   concerned about international boundary-keeping and respecting human dignity it would n't be all buddy buddy with the usa and china , same for saudi arabia , which mutilates and beheads its own citizens and invaded yemen . 
  but saudi arabia buys european weapons . 
  the usual argument goes like `` if they stop buying our weapons , there 'll be a bit more unemployment '' . 
  when we have to choose between thousands of dead yemenis and thousands of unemployed europeans , we choose the former . 
   built illegally this is one thing i do n't understand : the palestinians do n't have control over their own territory ( for instance , they can not decide what to build , hence the `` illegally-built '' buldings ) , yet , they are not citizens of israel to vote for the government which decides those things for them . 
  denmark says santa is living in greenland : postcode `` 2412 santa claus '' . 
  just because i am omnivore , it does n't mean i do n't eat sometimes vegetarian dishes . 
  in fact , eating less meat is healthier . 
  if most of the employees were dutch , i 'd say you can consider it dutch , but it has only 10 % of its employees in the netherlands . 
  maybe it 's dutch in the name only ? 
  it may have its hq building ( [ nice building , btw ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f3/shell_kantoor_den_haag.jpg ) ) in the netherlands , but : the company ( royal dutch shell plc ) is registered in the uk . 
  the shareholders are mostly american . 
  but most likely they wo n't pay a cent to the eu customers . 
  yes , we definitely want more wars that would send us more refugees !, 
  because if there 's one thing that eastern europe loves is refugees from the middle east . 
   move to another country with low wages what 's stopping them now to move to bangladesh and pay workers their minimum wage of 16 $ / month ? 
   how strong are the unions ? 
  bingo , that 's the main reason why eastern europe has low wages . 
   the current productivity does n't allow for much higher wages . 
  it allows it . 
  -- gdp/capita ( nominal ) , world bank 2014 : * czechia : $ 19,502 * france : $ 42,726 france = 2.18 x czechia -- average income : * czechia : $ 754 : * france : $ 2180 ; france = 2.89 x czechia, 
   firstly czech republic would n't be doing so well if they had higher wages the czech republic `` doing well '' is something abstract . 
  the czechs would be definitely doing better if they had higher wages . 
   the ratio between the wages and prices in shops actually , the prices in the shops are not very different across europe . 
  there might be a big difference in housing costs and the price of services , but not for the goods . 
  in bucharest , they also drive on tram lines or sidewalk ... 
  however , the sidewalks usually can not be used for this because they 're blocked by parked cars . 
  you mean a minister of housing who wants to solve the housing shortage in stockholm by ( gasp ! ), 
  * building houses * ? 
  that 's not possible !, 
  the aurochs , however , did not make it . 
  many eurosceptics on the left are not against the basic idea of the eu , but only as the way it is now , enforcing the neoliberal policies of the elites and corporations . 
  also , in sweden people eat pizza with a salad side-dish ( typically white cabbage salad ) . 
  i do n't think i 've seen that anywhere else . 
   even turkey could n't do that in romania , the church language had been church slavonic for centuries . 
  in 19th century , the state banned services in slavonic . 
  the people who did n't like this left the country for the russian empire . 
  we need a us-style federal government , voted in by a much stronger european parliament in which are represented european-level parties , not national parties , which have allegiances to the local countries , not to the european people as a whole . 
  eastern europeans would gladly accept a political union , but i 'm afraid our political class wo n't ... 
  i wish there were at least some eu-wide parties : not political groups , but actual transnational european parties . 
  yes , they are the reason why they are not implemented . 
  eastern europeans generally want more integration because that would lead to higher standards of living and southern europeans want it because it would solve their debt and unemployment problems . 
  ( i 'm assuming a us-style of fiscal union -- in which the federal government gets to spend its money ), 
  when germany and france will consider european solidarity and union more important than their own power . 
  i fully agree with you !, 
   very hard one at that those bribes are n't going to be received by themselves !, 
  russians had historical relations with the greeks not only culturally , but also politically . 
  during the crimean war , the greeks supported the russians , who in turn wanted to conquer constantinople on their behalf . 
  the western countries ( france , britain , etc. ), 
  feared the russian will be able to actually conquer constantinople , so they brought massive armies to fight on the ottomans ' side . 
  the swedes sure love to eat . 
  i noticed that in sweden , people love a good and long lunch ( an hour long ) , unlike the norwegians who seem to eat relatively light at lunch ( salads , etc. 
  yes , but the rules of the $ were german . 
  i doubt you could sell prosecco more expensive than champagne . 
  why is it useful to have a country with goals contrary to the other countries ? 
   his rational approach to politics and individual rights yeah , he opposes infringement of individual rights at the federal level , but he wholeheartly supports it if it 's at state level . 
  ( for instance , he supports abortion bans , if done at the state level ), 
  despite what the media said about this , the problem had little to do with tax evasion ( they paid relatively little tax , but they also received relatively little in social services , much less as percentage of gdp than western europe ) , but rather with the way the eurozone was created . 
  the greek crisis was a self-fulfilling prophecy : when the world economic crisis began , the investors fled the weakest link in the eurozone ( greece ) to other `` safer '' bonds . 
  this meant that greece could n't get to rollover its debt unless they agreed to have bonds at 30 % per year interest rates . 
  at this kind of interest rate , every country ( including germany ) would become insolvent very soon . 
  if it was n't greece , it would have been portugal . 
  the weakest link was allowed by germany to fail in order to show other countries the stick . 
   inefficient efficiency has little to nothing to do with the regular workers . 
  the elite ( both political and economical ) is at fault here . 
  the political elite is at fault for not having efficient public administration , while the economic elite is at fault for not investing enough into efficient systems . 
  the workers are told by their bosses how to work , they do n't have much say in this . 
  how about paying tax proportional to the number of employees in each country ? 
  for instance , oracle corporation has more than 3000 employees in romania , or almost 3 % of its global workforce , but they pay almost no profit tax here . 
  they have $ 14 billion in profits , which would mean they would pay in romania tax on a share of $ 424 million of their profits .
