  that 's pseudoscience . 
  1700 years ago they were in the balkans , otherwise there would be no way to borrow a quarter of the words in their language from the balkan version of vulgar latin . 
  albanian has a lot of words borrowed from the version of vulgar latin that evolved into romanian . 
  romanian also has a substrate of albanian words which are older than what we have from latin ( there are regular sound changes that can not be explained through the post-latin evolution ) . 
  it 's also where they employ workers . 
  romania 's capital region ( bucharest and the suburbs in the surrounding county of ilfov ) has roughly 10 % of the country 's population , but around 20-25 % of the employees , who make 40-45 % of the total wages paid in the country . 
  around 85-90 % of all highly paid workers are in bucharest , with most of the rest in cluj . 
   he does n't need anything more than a bread with lard and three pickles together with his alcohol . 
  he bought the rights of the inheritence from a family friend of his wife , who also based her inheritence on the fake documents . 
  at the very least , his wife was involved in the criminal act . 
  gdp ( ppp ) per capita : * poorest region : severozapaden , bulgaria ( 6k $ ) * poorest non-eastern european region : guyane , france ( 13k $ ) * poorest western european region : campania , italy ( 15k $ ) * richest eastern european region : bratislava , slovakia ( 43k $ ) * richest region : inner london , uk ( 80k $ ), 
  or he obtained one of the houses by using fake documents , according to the judge who demanded him to give the house back to the state . 
   picasso 's works ugly well , war is ugly . 
  oh , but employers can pay less than the minimum wage , especially if the state is weak in enforcing workers ' rights . 
  i 'll tell you how it 's done in romania : you employ someone half-time ( 4 hours/day ) and make him work 8 hours a day . 
  the government can help lowering the wages by giving less bargaining powers to workers , by allowing the banning of unions and by allowing employers to easier firing union leaders and bring down strikes . 
  in romania , companies routinely fire any workers who try to organize a union . 
  you can always have more of it . 
  france still has some industrial production . 
  does france desperately need a rust belt like in the us and uk ? 
  those complex laws can be simplified while making sure the workers continue to be protected , but the main point is n't to make laws simpler , but to allow employers to lower the wages . 
  macron only said that he feels that france lacks a king figure and he decried that french democracy could n't fill in this figure , especially after de gaulle died . 
  i 'm not sure what macron meant , but monarchists thought this meant he was also a monarchist . 
  they are very alike about their love of deregulation of finance and industry . 
  he is not at all conservative culturally/socially ( things like gays ' rights ) . 
  but he is very right-wing economically , he wants to dismantle the french workers ' protections , liberalize and deregulate everything , reduce the number of public servants and dismantle the french safety net . 
  he also wants to turn paris into a big financial center , like london . 
  typically , this is done at the expense of industry ( like in the uk ) and of the people who work in industry . 
  curtea de arge\u0219 was the capital , but t\u00e2rgovi\u0219te was the larger city . 
  my great-great-grandmother was , almost a century ago , a witch doctor . 
  people who got healthy after taking her potions would praise her , so she was known throughout the county and people came from far away on their horse-drawn carts to get potions from her . 
  of course , she was dispensing placebos . 
  the potions contained no active ingredients . 
  in romania we have two kinds of religious anti-vaxxers : * protestants ( especially in western romania ) * christian orthodox ( especially in bucharest and transylvania , but also across the country )  i 'd say the opposite is the thing here in poland . 
  catholicism is a more top-down religion : you 're supposed to trust the pope and the church hierarchy . 
  orthodoxy and protestantism are more decentralized . 
  while orthodoxy does have a head of the church , religious people are much less trustful of the church hierarchy . 
  they do n't rely on what the patriarch says , but rather rely on what various informal religious leaders ( regular priests and , very often , monks ) say . 
  there are monks who have all kinds of conspiratorial points-of-view , which began to be spread with the help of the internet . 
   the most fatalities - 31 - have been in romania . 
  the religious nuts who do n't want to vaccinate their children say it 's a conspiracy to convince them to get the children vaccinated . 
  the government -- or worse , the hidden satanic world government , since many of them are conspiracy nuts as well -- killed those children . 
  then there 's the trump fans who say the mandatory vaccination would be an infrigement of the parents ' rights , while blame the refugees , arguing the strain is not the old local strain , but one that is more common in the middle east . 
  the argument is that in one of the affected counties there 's a refugee center . 
  bucharest was n't yet a city in 1350 . 
  it should have t\u00e2rgovi\u0219te instead . 
   time and time people tried to make africa a better place time and time again , europeans tried to rob as many resources without giving anything to the locals . 
  even today , with the [ african francs ( french-language link ) ] ( http://info.arte.tv/fr/le-franc-cfa-vestige-du-colonialisme ) , france is skimming off money from the african countries . 
   asia and south america were colonized too and they did not turn into the mess that africa is . 
  there are some asian countries that are poorer than some african countries . 
  papua new guinea and cambodia ( in asia ) or honduras and nicaragua ( in latin america ) are poorer than many african countries . 
  oh , but they can feed those people , even though this will mean that most tropical forests will have to be razed or `` managed '' and the savanah be used for grazing . 
  you know , pretty much what we did in europe . 
   the fact that they were proud of who they were and their nation was nice , too . 
  this is what led to both wwi and wwii and the death of over 100 million people . 
  we used to have in bucharest a spanish-speaking community of jews who came from spain via north africa , levant and constantinople . 
   i guess the only thing that remains is the [ spanish cemetery . 
  i 'd argue that the only democratic part of this is the european parliament and the system is thought up that way that it does n't have enough power to do anything unless the local oligarchs want it . 
  the european commission exists and has such tremendous power only to do what the big business ( aka oligarchs ) interests want . 
  we can pretend we have a democracy , but the reality is that in the eu , like in the us , or for that matter , china or russia , is ruled as an oligarchy . 
  [ it 's a canadian 1935 $ 20 banknote ] ( https://twistedsifter.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/canada-20-dollars-age-8.jpg ) . 
  you know the nasty things the us was doing in south american `` banana countries '' ? 
  you know , coups , invasions , helping corrupt dictators , etc. ? 
  that 's nothing compared with the nasty things that france is still doing in francafrique . 
  my grandmother used to have one of these , in bucharest , in an apartment building from the 1950s . 
  ( she changed it a few years ago ) the buildings from 1960s or newer have more `` normal '' toilet bowls . 
  * les anglais = the englishmen ( plural ) * l'anglais = the englishman ( singular ) `` it 's the englishman who did this to us '' . 
  there were 200.000 protesters . 
  not all of them were from outside the city , most of them were locals , especially since hamburg has a many vibrant leftist organizations . 
  most beautiful old places in europe were built by the only the only two groups who had the money to build such things . 
   the spanish republic was elected for a very tiny difference of votes yes , the republicans were elected and franco and his allies did n't like that result and they started a civil war which killed half a million spaniards . 
   the guys responsible for this yes , this is what happens during a civil war . 
  democracy is good only when our people win !, 
  that was valid across much of europe , particularly in eastern europe . 
  and yet , by the 1970s , illiteracy was virtually inexisting everywhere else following the governments ' campaigns to educate the population . 
  for instance , in romania , almost a third of the adult population was taught to read in 6 years following wwii ( 1948-1954 ) . 
  however , in portugal , as late as 1973 , a quarter of the population was still illiterate . 
  ceau\u0219escu failed in his attempt to turn romania into north korea . 
  iliescu succeeded turning romania into a kleptocracy . 
   he kept rural population illiterate portugal is to this day the european country with the lowest literacy rate . 
   lol leftists pushing their agenda . 
  lol fascists pushing their agenda . 
  salazar was an actual fascist . 
  lowest : russia -- of course , they 're afraid of bears !, 
   you know why people oppose xenophobia ? 
   are you one of those people who want to invite refugees for some reason ? 
  yeah , because a couple thousands of muslim refugees spread out would completely destroy a country of 38 million . 
  they 'll make you convert to islam . 
  i do n't think permanently settling refugees is doing any good for anyone , but the arguments against them from eastern europe are ridiculous . 
  not a retard , he 's smart , but deeply immoral . 
  he was an imperialist who sees the death of millions as mere statistics . 
  he saw war and politics as merely a chess game ( hence the name of his 1997 book , * the grand chessboard * ) . 
  however , as a chess player , he was rational , at least when compared to the neocons on one side and the trump on the other . 
  for instance , he opposed the iraq war because he thought this would affect the us standing in the world because it was based on false assumptions and that this would destroy the power of the iraqi state , leaving iran ( that is even more anti-american ) as the major power in the region . 
  from * the grand chessboard : american primacy and its geostrategic imperatives * ( 1997 ) , page 84 :  * by 1999 , the first new central european members will have been admitted into nato , though their entry into the eu will probably not happen before 2002 or 2003 . 
   * in the meantime , the eu will initiate accession talks with the baltic republics , and nato will likewise begin to move forward on the issue of their membership as well as romania 's , with their accession likely to be completed by 2005 . 
  at some point in this stage , the other balkan states may likewise become eligible . 
   * accession by the baltic states might prompt sweden and finland also to consider nato membership . 
   * somewhere between 2005 and 2010 , ukraine , especially if in the meantime the country has made significant progress in its domestic reforms and has succeeded in becoming more evidently identified as a central european country , should become ready for serious negotiations with both the eu and nato . 
  also this :  although initially the west , especially the united states , had been tardy in recognizing the geopolitical importance of a separate ukrainian state , by the mid - 1990s both america and germany had become strong backers of kiev 's separate identity .
