  if you define france as the french big business owners , sure . 
  if you define france as the average frenchman , then , no . 
   i truly wish they succeed . 
  succeed in what ? 
  concentration of massive wealth in a paris focused on the financial industry , combined with thatcher-style deindustrialization , poverty and unemployment in the rest of the country ? 
  -- the big business gets more profits in uk than in france , but that 's not everything . 
  the french median income is higher than the uk median income , despite the substantially higher prices in uk , particularly in housing . 
  the year-on-year average wage growth was 14.2 % , so it 's not just the multinationals ' profits , but the regular romanians gained from the growth . 
  well , if they do n't speak polish or have anything to do with poland ( like russian-americans do about russia ) , are they polish ? 
  my wife has ancestry from hungary , poland , czechia , bulgaria and greece . 
  is she a hungarian-romanian , polish-romanian , czech-romanian , bulgarian-romanian and greek-romanian , even though she has nothing to do with those countries ? 
  you know how that works ? 
  if you have a great-great-great-grandfather who was from russia , you declare on the census as having russian ancestry and you 're russian-american . 
  you can declare multiple ancestries on the census . 
  that 's how there are 33 million irish-americans and 46 million german-americans in the us . 
  there are 400.000 russian-born people in the us , most of whom are jewish , not ethnic russians . 
   20-40 million russians are outside russia most of whom are on the areas that used to be part of the russian empire . 
  if the millions of ukrainians will continue to move to poland , they will be independent from russia , but as polish citizens . 
  well , the reason they did not that is that their economy would collapse , because it 's very integrated to the one of russia . 
   would you buy software made in a country that constantly shells your borders ? 
  but ukraine did not ban imports from russia . 
  they 're still importing a lot of things from russia . 
   for banning russian propaganda machines ? 
  the russians are spreading propaganda through accounting software !, 
  people are dying , so censorship and other authoritarian measures are ok ? 
  i do n't think turkey is cheaper than poland . 
  so i guess zeman 's belly is not actually a beer belly ? 
  it 's good for the owners of the capital . 
  there were some politicians here proposing that bucharest get the european medicine agency because we have no agencies here . 
  but of course it wo n't happen because we are europhile and we do n't need bribes . 
  on the island of guyane ? 
  the productivity will be increased only if the wages are high enough to be worth it to invest in automation . 
  no , it 's not . 
  the shortage of workers is increasing wages , which is fueling the economic growth . 
   bring that unproductive person in a western country and their productivity shoots up that 's half true . 
  obviously , an african barber has the same productivity as a swedish barber , even though the swedish barber probably produces 50-100 times more $ $ $ in the gdp . 
  but the low-tech jobs are `` subsidized '' by the high-tech jobs and these high-tech jobs require higher education . 
  in africa , relatively few people have graduated a form of higher education , whereas in western europe , it 's close to 40 % of youths graduating a university . 
   can you stop marketing communism everywhere ? 
  no , why should i stop ? 
  i love marketing communism . 
   you are spouting a lot of nonsense about the economy between the wars and what happened afterwards . 
  if i am saying something wrong , you can correct me . 
  am i wrong when i say that more than 80 % of the romanians were peasants doing agriculture just like in the middle ages ? 
  am i wrong if i say that in the 1930s only 1-2 % of romania 's export was made out of industrial goods and over 90 % was made of agricultural products and natural resources , whereas we imported mostly industrial goods ? 
  am i wrong when i say that 20 % of all children died before reaching the age of 5 ? 
  romania was even poorer before wwii . 
  in the 1930s , it had very little industry and more than 80 % of the population were peasants doing agriculture the same way they 've been doing for centuries , without any modern technology , so the gdp was very low compared to western europe . 
   they were lapdogs . 
  after the withdrawal of soviet troops , dej and later , ceau\u0219escu , were no longer following the soviet directives . 
  ceau\u0219escu refused to take part in the czechoslovakia and even spoke against it . 
   capitatalism has worked for thousands of years the bronze-age/stone-age societies were capitalist ? 
  are you serious ? 
  i thought the terrors and its horrors were at the hands of local romanians , not at the hand of the red army . 
  petru groza was not soviet . 
  gheorghe apostol was not soviet . 
  same for b\u00e2rl\u0103deanu , p\u00e2rvulescu , m\u0103nescu , maurer and all the other top communists . 
   who decides the need of the many ? 
  we can start with the basic needs that are not properly met for most of the people in the world : food , housing , education , healthcare . 
  because wanting more equality is the same thing as wanting to kill hundreds of millions of people you consider subhumans . 
  no , during ww2 , it was even worse , close to famine conditions in some areas . 
   how dare they be happy and be upset they got their money stolen . 
  the landowner class lived off renting their lands to peasants . 
  they simply did nothing but live a luxurious life from the money the peasants had to pay . 
  they did not invest their money , which is why romania was not industrialized . 
  romania exported agricultural products made by these peasants and imported luxury items for the consumption of the landowner class . 
  now , how these families get this wealth ? 
  that 's the medieval thing : either the prince `` gifted '' whole villages ( which were previously free ) to his friends or a guy with a private army took over the free villages by force . 
  marx did want a `` workers ' democracy '' , which he called the `` dictatorship of the proletariat '' . 
  also , marxism is not the only ideology of communism . 
   coops do exist today in capitalist countries . 
  in romania , they do n't . 
  apart from a handful of small agricultural coops , everything is privately owned , mostly by foreign entities ( more than half of the gdp is made by foreign-owned companies ) . 
  not everyone suffered equally . 
  the romanian elite still talks about how great the 1930s were , about how happy their families were before the communists came and confiscated their huge wealth . 
  they did some good things as well . 
  in romania , in 10 years after wwii , they brought the child mortality down from 20-25 % to under 3-4 % by bringing sanitation and basic healthcare to the rural areas . 
  but i do n't want the economy to be in the hands of the government . 
  ( maybe with the exception of utilities and infrastructure , which really need central planning , regardless of economic system ) i want the companies to be owned and led by the employees , as a form of democracy at the workplace . 
  no matter how hard you try capitalism will always end up in tyranny ; it 's human nature . 
   why there 's no glory in wanting a fair lebensraum ? 
  glory in wanting to kill hundreds of millions and take their land ? 
   as long as communism involves taking anything from anyone by force this same argument can be used against taxation . 
  if the decision gets the consent of the community as a whole , the consent of a few millionaires is irrelevant . 
  all occupation armies did this , including the us army . 
   i 'd argue that the crimes committed by the nazis are central to the ideology and that the same can not be said for communism . 
  nazis said they 'd do bad things and they did bad things . 
  soviets said they 'd do good things and they did some bad things , as well . 
   every ideology can inspire great atrocities but few require it . 
  exactly . 
  the us did many nasty things in the name of democracy . 
  that does n't mean that democracy is not a worthy goal . 
  are you really sure poland was democratic in the 1930s ? 
  or maybe : again communism , just a democratic one !, 
   a different sort of misery to half of europe . 
  yeah , a different sort of misery , but for the masses , at least in romania , this misery was far less than the misery they endured before wwii . 
  you ca n't imagine the poverty , the squalor , the violence most people endured during the `` capitalist '' 1930s . 
   there is no glory in communism why not ? 
  why is there no glory in wanting a fair society ? 
   hopefully no one is stupid enough to advocate for its implementation i am a communist .
