  the situation on the map is the one from january 1 , 1600 . 
  actually , it was under some kind of personal union with wallachia . 
   transylvania is administered by voivode michael the brave of wallachia , recognized by the diet as imperial governor of emperor rudolf ii , holy roman emperor . 
  in addition , michael the brave occupied moldavia in 1600 , and styled himself `` by the grace of god , ruler of wallachia , transylvania and moldavia '' between 6 june 1600 and december 1600 . 
  in his correspondence with emperor rudolf ii , he always styled himself locum tenens of the emperor . 
  from [ list of princes of transylvania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_princes_of_transylvania ), 
  [ 1600 : wallachia big , poland even bigger ] ( http://www.euratlas.net/history/europe/1600/index.html ) . 
  why do n't you build high-rise buildings ? 
  [ btw , an old one : the difference between balkanians and slovenians . 
  very not-balkan . 
  i am a latin francophone mitteleuropean !, 
  i am a balkanian only when i 'm swearing !, 
   people basically go to slovenia to w\u00f6rk . 
  what else to do in slavic germany ? 
  [ did you hear about china 's 5-year plan ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yqjgz482l8 ), 
  and make the balkanians pay for it !, 
  jews started moving to palestine long before that . 
  zionism is part of the european national revivals of 19th century . 
  it 's not fair , the swedes are cheating : you are exercising . 
  do you mean gibraltar ? 
  bigger than luxembourg . 
  this is the argument that was used in the 19th century against democracy . 
  i think you misunderstand what `` anarchy '' is . 
  `` anarchy '' does not mean no organizations , no basic services , no enterprises , etc. 
  it means simply `` no rulers '' , that the decisions are not made by rulers , but by the society as a whole , by the people who are affected by the decisions . 
  in a representative democracy , the decisions are generally made by people who are representatives of the people ( presidents , prime-ministers and parliamentarians ) . 
  an anarchist society prefers other democratic tools than representatives : for instance , one way is to have a more direct democracy , in which major issues are voted by the people affected , giving the power to the lowest level as possible . 
  another major issue is that anarchists consider that current companies are mini-dictatorships , in which the owner is a dictator , also a a form of `` ruler '' they oppose ; anarchists want companies to become democratic , run by workers themselves ( anarcho-syndicalism ) . 
  of course the `` anarchists '' you hear in the news are often just a bunch of idiots who want to smash things . 
  no , that 's the total amount of the existing orders , some of which are for 10-15 years . 
  the actual exports for 2015 were $ 2.2 billion . 
  france 's exports of weapons ( 2 billion $ ) are dwarfed by the french state 's military spending ( 50 billion $ ) . 
  it 's the broken window fallacy . 
  things were equally bad before wwii . 
  eastern europe was already lagging behind western europe . 
  in 1939 , romania 's gdp per capita was 1/5 of the one of france and 1/6 of the one of the uk . 
  officially , there are 2 million romanians who have registered their residence in italy and spain . 
  there are a million more in uk , germany , france , scandinavia , etc. , making a total of around 3 million . 
  but these people are overwhelmingly young working-age people . 
   ultimately we ca n't do a shit about german hospitals actively looking for our specialists in some western european countries , the universities simply do n't have enough medicine students ( because the state wo n't finance them ) , so that 's why the hospitals need to rely on eastern european doctors . 
   jews are leaving europe in their droves it depends on a country-by-country basis . 
  there are many israeli jews who are moving back to germany . 
  in 1995 , there were 60.000 jews in germany , now there are 120.000 jews . 
  from what i heard , it tastes about the same as beef . 
  out of the top 100 romania 's exporters , none is owned by romanians . 
  of course , it 's irrelevant the nationality of the guy who gets the profits and buys an yacht from them , but the problem is that the profits are not here , so they pay no profit tax here . 
  yes , it 's 3 times higher , but your mcdonald 's workers do n't get paid only 700 $ / month , do they ? 
   living costs rent for a 2-bedroom apartment in bucharest + utilities = 500 $ / month . 
  minimum wage = 233 $ / month . 
   profits are not 0 in ee most foreign companies operating in eastern europe do n't pay any profit taxes here . 
  the local subsidiaries get from the headquarters only enough money to cover wages and other costs . 
   what a load of bullshit what is bullshit ? 
  the data is from eurostat . 
   yes , will you also make living here as cheap as it is in the east ? 
  renting a 2-bedroom apartment ( nothing fancy , in a regular working-class neighbourhood built during the 1980s ) in bucharest costs around the 400 $ / month + utilites ( 100 $ / month ) . 
  that sounds much cheaper than in switzerland , right ? 
  however , the minimum wage is 233 $ ( after taxes ) . 
  actually , the wages in china have been growing so fast that the minimum wages in the shanghai or guangdong regions are higher than the minimum wage in bulgaria . 
  nevertheless , the problem is not only the cost of labour , but also the supply chains and resources : in china , everything is cheaper ( particularly , state-subsidized steel , coal and electricity ) and everything is close-by ( part suppliers ) . 
   we would have to increase our productivity and for that to happen , the problem is that no sane business owner would invest a lot money in technology ( needed for higher productivity ) when you have low wages . 
  sometimes , it 's more profitable to do it manually . 
  a friend is working at a power-tools factory near bucharest and he said that for each new industrial process , they have to choose whether to be made manually by workers or by machines / industrial robots . 
  they calculate for each of these processes on which is cheaper and the level of the wages is a big input . 
   yes but if polish wages were as high as the french few companies would move or be created there , why ? 
  but the french companies came to poland and bought formerly state-owned polish companies . 
  it 's not that the jobs did not exist already in poland . 
  and gdp is defined as ( wages + profits + taxes ) per employed person . 
  profits are 0 in eastern europe , taxes are lower in eastern europe and the wages are low . 
  of course the productivity looks lower on paper . 
   you can not raise wages higher than productivity . 
  what is productivity ? 
  when i am doing exactly the same job as a swedish co-worker from the same company , but i am paid a quarter of what he is paid , am i several times less productive ? 
  the data is from eurostat . 
  competitive through poverty ? 
   that may actually be a good thing for now well , it depends on how you define a `` good thing '' . 
  we lost more than 20 % of the working-age population to migration in the last decade due to the huge difference in wages to western europe . 
  most of them are n't coming back , they bought houses and started families abroad . 
  this will make things very hard in a few decades , as there will be far more pensioners than working people . 
  source : razem , a polish left-wing , pro-labour rights party . 
  oh , but most of they already do . 
  they 're called cellphones : * they can be used to triangulate the location within meters . 
  * people always carry them around * they are linked to the name and home address . 
   are the any cities in the world which would have been a worse location for this conference than hamburg ? 
  any city that is very big , like london or paris . 
  it 's easier to draw a crowd of 200.000 out of a 10 million-people city than from a 1-million people city . 
  but of course , hamburg has a large radical left community bigger than the one of any other city its size . 
  but yeah , athens would be much worse , and i would guess the same would be valid for berlin . 
   strange thing to say considering this land was not on the outskirts of the roman empire oh , but they did care about the people who were a threat to them , but not about some shepherds and farmers in the mountains of the balkans . 
  and even about the people they did care , they cared about their military capabilities , not about their culture . 
  yes , there was no albanian migration from outside the empire . 
  like i said , the albanians ( like romanians , for that matter ) lived somewhere in the balkans . 
  my pet theory is that the albanians lived somewhere around the republic of macedonia or kosovo , whereas the romanians lived around the city of naissus ( ni\u0161 ) , hence allowing the prolonged contact between the two . 
   not so much claim as being the only option left . 
  from the little we know about the illyrian language , albanian seems to be unrelated to it . 
  however , there 's no question that albanians have been for almost 3000 years in the balkans , but identifying them with an ancient language is not an easy task . 
  the greeks and romans could n't care less about the barbarians of the balkans , so the information on them is scant . 
  the peoples of balkans had no literate culture , so there are very few inscriptions . 
  we have the names of a maybe a thousand tribes and towns and maybe a dozen ethnicities , but we ca n't tell which is the one that became the albanian language . 
  ( for instance , it might be paionian language of what is now republic of macedonia , but we know nothing about the language ) of course , there is a difference between the illyrian people and illyrian language : while the albanians might not use a language derived from illyrian , there 's no question that most albanians ( and serbs and croats , for that matter ) have illyrian ancestors .
