  an average one . 
  meters . 
  in an ok ( not great ) area , built in the 1970s-80s . 
   cost of living is irrelevant . 
  cost of living is very relevant . 
  a bucharest apartment that used to cost $ 10.000 in 1998 now is now worth $ 70.000 , so even if the wages went up 10 times , housing costs went up almost as much . 
  actually , it 's a bit misleading about the minimum wage in china : there are different minimum wages in each province , some of which are higher ( the industrialized provinces , including shanghai and beijing ) , some of which are lower than in romania ( the less developed ones ) . 
  but yes , their wages are growing very fast , even faster than the economy as a whole . 
  in bangladesh , the minimum wage is 60 $ / month . 
  in romania , the gross minimum wage is 217 $ / month for a 40-hour workweek . 
  ( many people are forced to do overtime , which may or may not be paid ), 
  stupid shit like this is why the radical left is not winning the hearts and minds of the working class . 
  the far-left is too out of touch from the regular worker , too focused on their little world and their little pet peeve issues , while missing the whole picture . 
  the buildings are pretty much the same . 
  the difference between sweden and eastern europe is that they take care of their buildings . 
  if you 're in government , you have a political position . 
  the government is supported by the social-democrat and national liberal parties in the parliament . 
   but venezuela is a facist state ? 
  of course it 's not . 
  this is propaganda , pur and simple . 
  wait , bosnia as an i ? 
  it 's quite good . 
  of course , it 's satire , not at all historically accurate . 
  quite subversive , i might add , which is rare from movies nowadays . 
  it pokes fun of the way both the eastern bloc propaganda worked and the way western propaganda worked through hollywood movies . 
  [ horezu sheep 's cheese . 
  ] ( https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-xz3dggeicm8/v1xcojupgyi/aaaaaaaahxk/yde3eznrb0gdqz8lbc-l1xl9cgkw2jgzwclcb/s1600/branza_de_horezu.jpg ), 
  in romania , we have garlic smugglers . 
  chinese garlic is much cheaper than local eu-made garlic , but there 's a large duty to protect the eu garlic industry . 
  hence , it 's quite profitable to smuggle chinese garlic from moldova . 
  same in romania , until hungary joined the eu . 
  then , for some reason , prices in hungary were no longer lower than in romania . 
  most union members are in the public sector ( and yes , those are alligned with the social-democratic party ) . 
  with just a few exceptions , there are no unions in the private sector , where the worst abuses against workers occur . 
  the company was taken over by a different investor , who used its land for real estate development . 
  the french bosses know well that the unions are a great source of power for the workers . 
  they do n't want their eastern europeans workers to have such a power like the workers back home . 
  even though , this company had mostly white collar work in romania and generally , their workers rights tend to be respected more than for blue collar workers . 
  yes , they have their hq in budapest . 
  back in the 1990s , an italian company ( new holland , part of fiat group ) bought a romanian combine harvester manufacturer . 
  the italian management acted exactly like this towards the romanian workers . 
  one evening , a group of workers have beaten up the management . 
  new holland withdrew from the investment in the romanian company and instead bought a similar company in poland . 
  hopefully , they learnt their lesson and treated the polish staff better . 
  unfortunately , trade unions are almost non-existing in romania . 
  typically , when workers try to unionize , they are threatened , and if they continue , they are fired immediately . 
  a friend of a co-worker was working at a french corporation in the oil equipment industry . 
  they attempted to form a union , but the management said to them they will simply close the office and move all operations to another eastern european country . 
  they backed down . 
  the workers ( pilots , stewardesses and ground staff ) of wizzair , an american-owned airline tried to unionize despite the threats from the management . 
  the 19 people ( including a pilot who worked as flight instructor for the company ) who signed to become members of the union were fired immediately . 
  they sued and so far they won some damages from the company . 
  similar immediate layoffs happened with workers who striked in some factories in transylvania . 
   if the capital would get moved to say brasov unless the universities also move to bra\u0219ov , nothing . 
  catalonia is not a big country . 
  a better description would be `` nationalist '' , not `` right-wing '' . 
  about economics , she 's far to the left of all the other major politicians in germany . 
  or in sicily , everywhere . 
  of course , because that 's banned by the eu regulations . 
  eu regulations ban washing eggs . 
  us regulations ban not washing eggs . 
  actually , it does have an etymological connection with the word `` russian '' , but not with russians as a people . 
  southern italy was conquered/pillaged/settled by the vikings . 
  russo has the etymology as same rus ' , coming from an old norse word meaning `` people who row '' . 
   cause the west got money from usa through the marshall plan how much money did the west get from the us ? 
  a grand total of 5-10 % of their gdp ? 
  that 's far less than what eastern europe got from the eu . 
  vatican is the nipple ? 
  the british woman is larger . 
  eastern europe is not poorer than western europe because of the lack of a marshall plan , but because it was generally more backwards . 
  we had higher illiteracy rates , lower rates of higher education , little industry ( with the notable exception of czechoslovakia ) before the communist era . 
   well , that 's a lie . 
  lol   has the lowest hdi in the region ... and that 's patently false : [ look at the un site data for 2015 . ] ( http://hdr.undp.org/en/data ) . 
   nicaragua is still the poorest & least-developped country in central america not really . 
  nearby honduras and guatemala are less developed ( lower hdis ) . 
   sandinista strongman daniel ortega of course , a `` dictator '' is a president who does n't do what the us wants . 
  the sandinistas won elections and got into power and then they lost elections . 
  dictators do n't do that . 
  trudeau , obama and blair are neoliberals supporting right-wing economics . 
  they 're supporting the saudi state by providing them with military equipment . 
  without this support , the saudis would have been history . 
  when we talk about saudi arabia , we never hear :  rightists supporting right-wing tyrants . 
  nothing to see here . 
  whereas the right-wing supports saudi arabia . 
  air temperature of 37 c, 
  [ source : consorzio lamma ] ( http://www.lamma.rete.toscana.it/meteo/modelli/vento-mare.php?area=t ) . 
  the next days it 's expecting to get even warmer , as temperatures will reach 37c on the italian coast . 
  that would be better , but we wo n't . 
  the us secret services have a lot of information about our corrupt politicians . 
  if they do n't buy american weapons , the information will be leaked to the press and this will lead to their convictions . 
  i 'm just against a war with russia , which seems to be the same thing . 
  why not both ? 
   look at ukraine and what giving up nukes and neglecting your army can lead to should we then start a nuclear program ? 
   ignoring the fact that romania is so poor especially because little green men forced communism on us for 45 years . 
  romania has been far poorer and less developed than western europe for centuries . 
  when the communists came , we still had a third of the population illiterate and 99 % of our exports were agricultural products ( especially wheat ) and natural resources ( especially oil ) , with almost no exports of industrial products , whereas most imports were industrial products . 
   just look at moldova where 1/3 of the population is gone . 
  i 'm looking at romania where `` only '' 1/4 of the population is gone . 
  in 1990 we had 23 million , of which 18 million are left . 
  ( the official count is 19 million , but that includes more than a million is `` temporarily abroad '' ),
