  most children do n't go to school , they have literally no chance of going to a university , etc. 
  far more of that wilderness is being destroyed by mining than by urbanization . 
   they funded rebels after the civil war had already begun ...  without these funds , the war would have ended quickly . 
  afterall , the islamic state organization was founded in iraq . 
  it was originally named islamic state in iraq ( isi ) , before it expanded to be islamic state in iraq and syria ( isis ) . 
  he was caught in the act ( * in flagrante delicto * ) of taking the bribe . 
  he has no chance of escaping . 
  the system is trying to elevate my country while making sure that all the means of production are in the hands of western corporations . 
  in the top 100 romanian exporters , there is not even one romanian-owned company left . 
  we no longer control anything about our economy . 
  you know the public utilities and that the greeks keep refusing to sell ? 
  they were privatized ages ago in romania . 
  i get water and sewerage from a french company , natural gas from another french company , electricity from an italian company , etc. 
  now they 're trying to privatize whatever pieces are missing , like the railroads , healthcare and education . 
  for the healthcare , there were protests last time they tried to pass a law , so now they 're doing it gradually . 
  first of all , it 's no longer possible . 
  then , if we try to do it , we would end up like nazi germany . 
  so that 's what european solidarity looks like ? 
  is anyone kicking europeans out of their homeland ? 
  you really think that the eu ca n't afford a few milllion ( less than 1 % of the population ) as refugees ? 
  then the eu must be more fragile than i thought . 
   oslo is an example of a smaller city , that used to be mostly white . 
  is there any reason why europe should continue to be 100 % white ? 
  ( oslo is still `` mostly white '' ), 
  ... that 's the * official * immigration system . 
  there are at least 11 million * illegal * immigrants in the us . 
  the eu as the current oligarchy would cease to exist ? 
  good riddance !, 
  ok , thanks . 
  the press reports were not very clear about this . 
  eastern europeans migrants in western europe have much higher crime rates than the locals . 
  they 're involved in organized crime syndicates : 90 % of all atm fraud in the eu is made by romanians and bulgarians , much of the prostitution is organized by albanians and there are plenty of polish criminals in uk prisons . 
  should all eastern europeans be sent back home because of that ? 
   eastern europeans will nevertheless mostly be perceived as criminals well , to be honest , eastern european migrants do have much higher crime rates than the natives of the country where they moved . 
  however , using statistics to discriminate against people is wrong . 
  just because there are many romanian pickpockets or rapists , does n't mean that i , personally , am one . 
  also , it 's funny that the people who complain against anti-romanian prejudice are the same as the ones who support prejudice against syrians . 
  ( typically nationalists ), 
  i do n't understand why hungary did n't do this before . 
  * they refugees clearly do n't want to stay in hungary * hungary does n't want the refugees to stay * germany officially said that they 're welcoming them . 
  so why did n't the hungarian government give them a lift , but rather they closed down the keleti train station ? 
  indeed . 
  telling that brown people are humans is wrong !, 
  we want our racist press back !, 
  do you think it would be fair if i were generalizing on all croatians based on the war criminals you have ? 
  if not , why do you generalize on all muslims ? 
   they are there legally using the legalist argument you can argue that slavery was moral because it was legal . 
   the migrants are here illegally and majority of them will live off welfare . 
  why do you think that do n't want a job , to pay taxes and be just like the rest of us ? 
  there are 10 million eastern europeans ( of which at least 2.5 million romanians , 2.5 million poles , 1.5 million bulgarians , many balts , hungarians , etc. ), 
  living and working in western europe , but we wo n't accept to take a few thousands people . 
   russia funds ngos in baltics russia is trying to use the us methods ? 
   i 'm no filthy commie the `` filthy commie '' would be left-wing , but authoritarian . 
  you 're more a bit of an anarchist . 
  i 'm pretty sure that nazis said that about jews . 
  ... and the christians in third-world countries have the same extremist opinions . 
  see the killings of gays in christian africa . 
  in romania , the cost of labor is low . 
  the gross minimum wage is a bit more than $ 1/h ( around $ 2500 / year ) . 
  and yet , we have a lot of unemployment ( particularly long-term and out of the statistics kind ) . 
  the employment rate is about as low as in greece . 
  by your explanation , the natural economic forces should fix it . 
  yet , it has been like this for two decades . 
  giving less money to people does n't help . 
  see greece . 
  of course . 
  our state was part of it , too . 
  as it always happens ... 
  us , uk , france , they 're all at fault for this , it was their external policy , the blame game is silly . 
   you realize that coalition was to undermine and attack isis ? 
  you realize that coalition helped creat isis by invading iraq and destroying its structures of power without building anything in their place ? 
  isis was originally isi ( islamic state of iraq ) . 
  the syrian s was added only after the coalition subminated assad 's control over syria . 
  if this happened in russia , it would be +700 first page material . 
  bangladeshis , pakistanis and yemenis are fellow muslims and yet , they do n't get any special treatment . 
  most muslims in russia are turkic , particularly tatars , bashkirs and kazakhs . 
  it 's not sport , it 's training for kebab removal !, 
   german academia has n't been financialized to the extent of the anglo-saxon ones i do n't think the finnish academia has been financialized , either , but it seems these problems are not in finland . 
  within the eu , worst pollution : 1 . 
  bulgaria 3 . 
  italy 4 . 
  romania 6 . 
  poland 7 . 
  greece worst corruption : 1-4 . 
  bulgaria , italy , romania , greece ( tied ) there is some correlation between pollution and corruption . 
  bombs do n't choose to kill only members of isis . 
  they kill civilians , too , leading to more refugees . 
  more bombs = more refugees in europe . 
  we tend to think that unsafe water is something that occurs only in the third world , but we have plenty of people having to rely on unsafe and unfiltrated wells in europe , particularly eastern europe . 
  in romania , most villages have no sewerage , no indoor plumbing and no running water system . 
  most villagers rely on traditional wells , which are often polluted . 
  same thing happens in romania , because the median salary is awfully close to the minimum wage ( 200 $ / month ) . 
  the average wage is a `` decent '' 544 $ / month ( gross ) . 
   the myth that austerity is the only way to have growth actually , everything indicates that austerity is a way to have no growth . 
  some countries are poor not because the people are lazy or they do n't pay taxes , but for other , deeper reasons . 
  a barber in romania gets the minimum wage ( 200 $ / month , for which he pays taxes ) and another 100 $ / month in tips , for which he does tax evasion . 
  a barber in sweden gets 3000 $ / month and he pays tax on all of it . 
  is the barber in romania poor because he does n't pay tax on all his income , or is it something outside his control ? 
  do you think that if all barbers in romania would stop tax evasion , they 'd suddenly become rich ? 
  austerity , as it is applied in greece and elsewhere , is meant only for the workers , for the regular people .
