  actually , in the case of a world in which there is little labour and there 's plenty of material goods , the three different ideologies are not very distinct , assuming that the capitalist and socialist versions are within a democratic society , not within an oligarchic or a bureaucratic dictatorship . 
  the major difference would be in who takes the decisions : * capitalism : capital holders + state * socialism : state * anarchism : workers ' unions + consumers ' associations we can assume that in a democratic country , `` the state '' would actually represent the people , so the people would still control the decisions . 
  however , based on the results of representative democracy , the representatives do n't always represent the views of the people . 
  then you have a choice between a variety of ideologies , including : * capitalism with basic income . 
  * socialism * post-scarcity anarchism, 
  the arrests changed nothing so far . 
  for instance , we had a town where the mayor was arrested for taking a bribe , the people elected a new mayor , who was soon also arrested for taking a bribe . 
  the prices for most physical things are n't much cheaper in romania than in sweden because it 's the europe-wide market price . 
  services are way cheaper , but the poorest people buy mostly things , not services . 
  there are around 3-4 million romanians working abroad , across europe , but mostly concentrated in the latin countries , as it 's much easier for us to learn the local language . 
  as a relatively well-paid programmer , i do n't have a good reason to move . 
  i work for a scandinavian company , so i know a bit about the scandinavian points of view and society . 
  i 'd love romania to have more of the same values that the swedes or norwegians have , but it 's not possible , at least not for now . 
  are you arguing that we should create busywork jobs that could have been automated just so everyone would have a job ? 
  that 's a terrible idea . 
  let 's face it : most work sucks , especially the kind of jobs that can be automated . 
  we , as a society , should produce as much as possible ( in order fulfill to our needs ) with as little labour as possible . 
  some jobs are rewarding , the jobs that require creativity . 
  but we 're not ( yet ) automating those . 
  we 're automating the factory lines , the warehouse pushing of packages , the mindless paper-pushing . 
   it promotes doing more work with machines rather than people should n't we encourage greater productivity ? 
  the political system is quite stable , so it 's not possible to change anything . 
  * all mass media is spewing propaganda of the mainstream parties . 
  for instance , there 's a big media company owned by the president of a small party in the government coalition . 
  they level of fairness is quite similar to the one of the media during ceau\u0219escu 's rule . 
  * there is widespread fraud every elections . 
  the election rules are made in such a way to allow voter fraud . 
  all major parties do it . 
  * if you join a party and you 're not willing to be corrupt , they 'll kick you out of the party , or , in the best case , not get on any list , they 'll use you to glue posters and that 's it . 
  * starting a new party is prohibitively complicated ( among others , you need 25.000 signatures spread across the country ) * even if you did get register your party , getting it on the ballot paper in the elections is prohibitively expensive ( iirc , in parliamentary elections , you need to pay a 500.000 $ tax ) * even if you got on the ballot , the media will ignore you and i really mean ignore you . 
  even if you have 5-10 % in the polls , the tv stations will not mention you even once before the elections . 
   how do you experience these things ? 
  where in this `` ladder '' are you ? 
  i 'm middle class and i think that system is unfair . 
  i understand that 150 $ / month ( what 1/3 of the workers earn ) is not a living wage and the sheer amount of poverty among the workers in romania . 
  but actually , even this unfair system would n't be that much a problem if the taxes would actually be spent in the interest of the people . 
  the amount of corruption is insane . 
  every politician is corrupt and taking bribes and informal payments , one way or the other . 
  this is not an exaggeration or a hyperbole , it 's the truth . 
  we 've had more than a hundred politicians arrested for corruption , including a former prime-minister , the president 's brother , more than a dozen ministers and countless mps and mayors , but these were just the unlucky ones . 
  much of the tax evasion is generally done with the consent of the local authorities . 
  the `` right-wing '' opposition thinks that the social-democrats are pampering the poor and the working class and that we need lower taxes for big businesses and privatization . 
  they lost the last elections after they tried to cut 25 % of all pensions ( this law was however struck down by the constitutional court ) and after they cut down funding for all public services : this meant , among others , a 25 % cut in salaries of all public servants , including teachers and doctors . 
  their government fell following protests regarding the privatization of emergency medicine . 
  their plan was to privatize all hospitals and start the privatization of schools . 
  ( the current government intends some type of privatization of hospitals , but they 'll do it after the presidential elections ) they had all kinds of idiotic plans , such as removing the state from providing welfare and starting doing it through churches . 
  well , our government has : * huge taxes on labor ( flat rate tax , so the person earning under 200 $ ( gross ) / month will pay the maximum rate ) * small taxes on company profits and non-salarial incomes ( flat rate , 16 % ) * small taxes on property , particularly the very expensive kind of property nevertheless , the current `` social-democratic '' government thinks the current is unfair for the rich , so they announced some reforms : * reducing taxes on the million-euro mansions , while increasing taxes for small city apartments . 
  * reducing taxes on gas-guzzler and luxury cars , while increasing taxes for small-engine cars . 
  * adding huge taxes ( ~ 1000 $ / year ) for apartments where small businesses are registered , to make sure that the poor ca n't afford to open their own business . 
  or , if it 's a maritime country , they could have `` rum , bum and concertina '' . 
  [ you 're wrong : ballet is not gay . 
   ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sh4uwaiptxs ), 
  i thought all body parts are pretty much proportional , so being the tallest results in being the longest as well . 
   boycotts are n't exactly wrong there is a difference between israel and jews . 
  it 's not the fault of that jewish person for what israel did . 
  even if the person was israeli , not every citizen is responsible for what the government did . 
  the politicians do n't want to bring up the subject during the elections , so nobody will publicize another poll . 
  last year 's poll : 52 % oppose shale gas extraction , 31 % support it , 17 % have no opinion . 
   nobody got in jail for that and the funny thing is that the government claims they lost their copy of the contract . 
  actually , i 'm surprised that even 37 % like russia considering the amount of anti-russian propaganda in the mainstream press . 
  not just the visa issue . 
  if the online forums are any indications of public opinion , it seems that most people are bothered by the imperialist , patronizing and hypocritical attitudes of the us . 
  there have been plenty of scandals to annoy some people : * the bechtel motorway scandal * the drunk driver soldiers hit-and-runs-out-of-the-country * chevron and shale gas ( most romanians oppose shale gas extraction ), 
  either that , or huge taxes on unused property that was bought as an investment by foreigners . 
   absurdly excessive number of high ranking officers romania has over 100 active generals and several hundreds generals in reserve . 
  the `` torygraph '' may be biased , but it 's definitely not daily mail . 
  i am a bit concerned about building more infrastructure and more tourism in the danube delta . 
  that means more motorboats disturbing the birds nesting there . 
  of course i support infrastructure for the 15.000 people living there , but if we bring mass tourism , the nature could be strongly affected . 
  [ bruges is a fairytale town , is n't it ? 
  how 's a fairytale town not somebody 's fucking thing ? 
  the exchange rate between the leu and the euro changed . 
  romania only grants citizenship to people whose ancestors were citizens of romania before wwii . 
  this includes people from northern bukovina , northern and southern bessarabia and hertza . 
  in all , a bit more than 2/3 of the romanians in ukraine are eligible . 
  investor protection = no new healthcare or environment regulation without governments giving compensation to the multinational companies . 
  let 's assume that a corporation built a factory producing some building material ( like asbestos ) . 
  it may turn out that , just like asbestos , that material causes cancer , so the government bans its use in residential buildings . 
  the corporation owning that factory will then sue the government , who will pay the value invested and the profits lost due to the new regulation . 
  the european union banned all asbestos in buildings starting 2005 . 
  ( commission directive 1999/77/ec of 26 july 1999 ), 
  [ there are plenty of detailed articles in romanian , but i 'm not sure how well you 'd understand using google translate ] ( http://adevarul.ro/economie/stiri-economice/cum-fura-enel-factura-faca-investitiile-promise-procurorii-dna-arata-schema-banii-ieseau-tara-ajungeau-olanda-1_53972b7e0d133766a875c1fd/index.html ) i found a few articles in english : * [ `` last week , the anti-corruption prosecutors detained anre vice-chairman claudiu dumbraveanu , along gheorghe ciubotaru , associated to electroalfa international , accused of taking bribe , and florin gugu , director at enel , accused of bribing . 
  '' ] ( http://www.nineoclock.ro/gov\u2019t-supports-investigation-at-anre-and-will-amend-relevant-laws/ ) * [ `` romanian prosecutors accuse antitrust officers of taking bribe from enel '' ] ( http://www.4-traders.com/enel-spa-70935/news/enel--romanian-prosecutors-accuse-antitrust-officers-of-taking-bribe-from-enel-ndash-sources-18574354/ ) * [ `` anre vicepresident claudiu dumbraveanu , detained in corruption case '' ] ( http://business-review.eu/featured/anre-vicepresident-claudiu-dumbraveanu-detained-in-corruption-case-64770 ), 
  but they 're huge , so it does n't matter : they have 620,000 employees worldwide . 
  often , they are citizens of other countries . 
  in bucharest , where we have water privatized , it 's now $ 1,30 / cubic meter . 
  we have plenty of water : bucharest is surrounded by many lakes and rivers , it 's just that the private company operating it wants some profits . 
  keep in mind that everything is cheaper here , especially labour ( minimum wage is under 200 $ / month before taxes ) . 
  in bucharest and/or romania , we privatized : * water and sewerage : veolia ( france ) * electricity and power lines : enel ( italy ) * gas pipes : gdf ( france ) , e.on ( germany ) * garbage collection : various local companies owned by politicians * security/guards of public institutions : g4s ( uk ) , various local companies * almost every service in public institutions , in many cases not even the janitors are hired by the state . 
  for virtually everyone of these there have been countless corruption scandals . 
  for instance , enel italy was this month involved in a case in which it illegally surcharged customers in romania . 
  in romania , water and sewerage started being privatized around 15 years ago . 
  for instance , in bucharest , water is handled by a french multinational , [ veolia environnement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veolia_environnement ) . 
  they 're doing quite well in profits , while the price for a cubic meter of water went up more than 10 times ( in lei ) since the privatization ( around 7 times if converted in euros ) , far higher than the cumulative inflation which only doubled the prices in lei . 
  they failed to make the investments they promised in their privatization contracts , but no politician cares as long as they get their bribes . 
  by the end of 2010 , they were supposed to have water supply and sewerage to all outskirts of bucharest , but even today there are areas of bucharest without access to clean water and sewerage . 
  so the city hall is now doing the investment on their own . 
  there were similar privatizations in other large cities ( for instance , in ploie\u0219ti water distribution is also owned by veolia ) , while in most of them , the water was transformed from a public service into a commercial enterprise owned by the city hall and the county council , pending privatization . 
  it 's probably a romanian village in ukraine . 
  actually , probably 2/3 of the world 's population lives in countries where homosexuality is illegal or deeply repressed .
