  calling it a gift to western banks would be even more inconvenient . 
   if you consume based on debt that 's true , but we do n't borrow more , we just earn higher wages . 
   a more healthy growth would be one based on foreign investment i 'd argue that an even more healthy growth would be due to domestic investment . 
  yes , but internal consumption is mostly due to higher wages , not due to borrowings . 
  afaik , imf never accepts any debt forgiveness , that 's their policy . 
   pro legalization for a ton more of drugs ? 
  for hard drugs , they are not pro-legalization , but pro-decriminalization . 
  instead of sending drug addicts to prison , send them to a rehab center . 
  for marijuana , there 's no need for it to be illegal , since the medical consensus says it 's less dangerous than legal drugs like alcohol . 
   why does britain need to bear responsibility for weapons they sold to customers , why are n't the customers responsible ? 
  this savior complex is really annoying . 
  why do drug dealers need to bear responsibility for drugs they sold to customers , why are n't the customers responsible ? 
  this savior complex is really annoying . 
  if european countries accept slavery on their territories , then all the talk about human rights is just bullshit . 
   they 're slaves no matter what imo , this is apology of slavery . 
  and in bucharest , too . 
  my father was born in the stalin raion of bucharest . 
  how about no oligarchs in power ? 
  our benefit may not be the moldovans ' benefit . 
  i said `` we do n't have any islamic terrorists '' , you said `` they might have had something to do with us not having any of those '' . 
  islamic terrorists in western europe are non-integrated muslim immigrants . 
  so it 's sri 's merit that we do n't have neighbourhoods of non-integrated muslim immigrants ? 
  it costs to change the name everywhere . 
  the difference in gdp/capita between ukraine and romania is as big as between romania and germany . 
  * germany : $ 40,997 = 4.6 x romania * romania : $ 8,906 = 4.4 x ukraine * ukraine : $ 2,005 [ imf data , 2015 ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita, 
  yes , but those oligarchs in power are ** good ** pro-western oligarchs , even though they got power not though elections , but through bribing and blackmail . 
  they are so unlike the * evil * pro-russian oligarchs . 
  great , they 're thinking about important things , like the names of a city . 
  when they 're done , they can start working on less important things like improving the economy . 
  currently ukraine has a lower gdp/capita than congo ( and more than half of africa ) . 
   for all common logic , it 's a better thing 10 billion more did n't go to infrastructure to be utterly wasted and squandered and stolen . 
  so by your logic , the less money we spend on infrastructure , the better ? 
  that 's absurd . 
  i 'd argue that giving that much money to the intelligence services is waste . 
  we do n't have any islamic terrorists or other existential threats , no extremists that are worth the name ( the most our neofascists do is protest at the gay pride march ) , we do n't have our own foreign policy , we do n't have industrial spying or industrial secrets to keep , etc. . 
  now they are looking into employing even more agents . 
  i keep getting ads on facebook or adsense about joining the romanian intelligence service and last year the university campuses were full of ads and recruiting events for this . 
  it can be both a keptostate and a police state at the same time . 
  then explain us what good do the romanian intelligence services do . 
  they spent almost 10 billion $ the last decade . 
  explain us why all this huge sum was needed to be spent on secret services instead on infrastructure ( which we badly need ) . 
  then , give a better explanation of what the 12.000 secret service employees do . 
  anyway , i did not heard this from one source , but from plenty of them , especially from the civil society , ngos , protesters and small wannabe left-wing parties . 
  maybe everyone in romania is paranoid , but you know , you 're not paranoid if they are actually after you . 
  that 's what i heard from various insider sources . 
  in some cases , i heard they were pretty good , in others that they were quite obvious : for instance , the former president of the local pirate party said their secret service guy assigned to them was very obviously that and quite annoying . 
  the secret services ( there many of them , each party controls a different one ) are used by political parties to spy on each other . 
  politicians blackmail each other using the information gathered by the secret services . 
  if for some reason , they fail to agree on something , the corrupt deals are published in the press and the prosecutors start investigating . 
  they also infiltrate ( and destroy ) any new political movement to prevent it from becoming a new party , in order to keep the current status quo . 
  this is why , despite the well-known corrupt practices among all parliamentary parties , there 's no alternative `` anti-establishment '' party . 
  the biggest secret service ( romanian intelligence service ) also has close connections with the us government and it is used to get compliance from romanian politicians with us policy ( mostly foreign policy ) . 
  romania is also involved in discussions between the us government and some middle-east countries , but i do n't understand what they do or why our government is needed in that . 
   is it really that bad ? 
  most pesticides and herbicides are bad for health/environment , but the problem with glyphosate is that it is used in huge quantities . 
  it has been used for a long time ( since the 1970s ) and the weeds started to be immune to it , so the quantity used have been constantly increasing . 
  this is an issue mostly in the us , europeans use less of it . 
  poverty used to be something to be found in the third world and wealth almost exclusively in the first world . 
  now poverty exists everywhere and wealth exists everywhere . 
  in romania , in march 2016 : * gross : 2829 ron ( 626 $ ) * net : 2051 ron ( 454 $ ), 
  apart from the typical leftist agenda ( pro-gay rights , against religious influence in politics , secularism , environmental policies ) , he supports : * pro-european integration , but against the eu as it is now , which he claims to be used only for advancing neoliberal policies . 
  * nationalization of banks and large corporations * against nato and french foreign interventions * supports the creation of a palestinian state, 
   what 's the situation with nicolas sarkozy ? 
  he 's [ as unpopular as hollande ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.fr/2016/01/14/popularite-sarkozy-effondrement-flop5-barometre-yougov_n_8969124.html ) . 
  i would n't be surprised if the second-round of the next elections would be between le pen ( front national ) and m\u00e9lenchon ( parti communiste ) . 
   america has n't made any requests for his extradition any * public * requests for his extradition . 
   lithuania is the dumbest country in europe , or at least , the eu , if we look at these statistics . 
  not the eu : croatia has a lower score . 
   he is not a leader ... yet . 
  it is financially feasible . 
  sweden does it ( with the exception of the housing issue ) . 
  for the last decade , it had a fertility rate of 1.85-1 .95 , far higher than the 1.2-1 .3 of southern europe . 
  many co-workers of mine in sweden have 3 children , which is something unheard of for middle-class romanians . 
  most people do want children , but they simply can not afford them . 
  the people who do n't want children are a minority . 
  there is already a word : [ to bugger ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/bugger ) * verb ( used with object ) often vulgar . 
  to sodomize . 
  damn : bugger the cost -- i want the best . 
  * chiefly british slang . 
  to trick , deceive , or take advantage of . 
  1300-50 ; middle english bougre < anglo-french bugre < medieval latin bulgarus heretic , literally , bulgarian , by association of the balkans with heretical sects such as the bogomils and their alleged deviant sexual practices, 
   1 % of the current population wo n't drive 100x cars , fly 100x airplanes they could have private jets , large yachts , etc. 
   the earth is overpopulated the misuse of resources has little to do with the population . 
  we could have just 1 % of the current population and we could still use as much oil as we do now . 
   but as is right now , the benefits are too low for middle class citizens , children cost much more and are an economical net loss . 
  saying that benefits are too low too matter is contradicting what you say a bit earlier . 
  there are some benefits that do matter a lot : * massive income tax cuts ( and i do n't mean just a couple percentages ) for parents ; gradual for parents of 1 , 2 and 3 children . 
  this encourages the middle class to have more children . 
  * free/subsidized childcare * more child leave for the father ( this helps to prevent employment discrimination against women -- the men would become just as likely to get a child leave ) * cheap/subsidized housing for young people ( it 's pretty well-known that if people in their 20s can buy/rent a big house/apartment , they 're more likely to have more children ), 
   in the long run , child benefits are the worst and most expensive way to combat low birth rate . 
  it 's the only way that actually works . 
   kept back by lack of labour and entrepreneurship well , there 's plenty of unemployment . 
  having more people in the workforce is not helping . 
   the government needs to motivate young parents how ? 
  through cheerful slogans ? 
   make delivery less stressful and less dangerous for mothers delivery is not as dangerous in western europe as it is in eastern europe . 
  in italy , one in 20.300 women die of child-birth-related issues throughout their lifetime . 
  in bulgaria , it 's one in 5.900 women . 
  in romania , it 's one in 2.600 women . 
   help families in raising their children .
