  i would argue that high-level corruption is the one that actually preventing economic development . 
  low-level corruption is just a symptom of poverty . 
  but , but ... we greet people with [ bread and salt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bread_and_salt ) , we still have slavic pagan rain-rituals dedicated to perun , our stories contain slavic dragons ( `` zmei '' in romanian ) and warewolves ( `` v\u00e2rcolac '' < vlkolak ) , half of the words in romanian are from slavic ( including `` iubi '' `` to love '' , `` dragoste '' , love and `` prieten '' , friend ) . 
  genetically , we 're closer to poles than the bulgarians are . 
  demand it to your politicians . 
  organize , write letters to your mps , bring it in public debate , etc. 
  if you do that , they can get a court order to take money from your bank account or directly from your wages . 
  sakashvili is on the wanted list of georgia on multiple criminal charges : * violent break up of anti-government protests * illegal raids and expropriation of the only tv station that was critical of him ( imedi ) * alegations of ordering to beat up opposition politicians * conspiracy to obstruct justice in a murder case * corruption , misspending of public funds etc. 
  saakashvili claims all these are politically motivated . 
  yes , but that 's more than half a child more than in germany . 
   the problem is that the programs currently in place in sweden are not enough . 
  for instance , the government is not tackling the housing crisis in stockholm . 
  the prices for apartments and houses in and around stockholm are ridiculously high . 
  as a socialist , i think this is a great idea : what we need in europe is a civil war , to make sure we are really going to become a third-world region . 
  the `` money '' you put aside has any worth because the current cohort of workers is large enough to prevent it from depreciating . 
  the money does n't have an inherent value , they 're backed by the economy , hence by the workers . 
  the pensioneers need food grown today , products and services made today , etc. 
  you can change the accounting gimmick to seem like it seems that the pensions were paid by the past workers , but the truth is that the pensions will always be a part of the current workers ' production . 
  the proportions change in time due to assimilation and migration . 
  it matters who rules the city/region . 
  when romania took over dobruja ( the region along the coast ) from the ottomans in 1878 it had 53 % muslim turks and tatars ( of 220k people ) . 
  now they make up only 5 % ( of 970k people ) . 
  yes , and it 's a good thing . 
  in a few decades , the people without children would receive their pensions from the taxes of these additional children . 
  the constantinople greeks would have got their independent in the long term , like poland , the baltic countries , moldova and the rest of big countries under the rule of the russian empire . 
  if you need two incomes , then why the state should not pay for childcare so that women can go back to work ? 
  or better yet , add non-financial benefits , like widely available state-subsidized childcare . 
  many women think ( and often rightly so ) that having children could mean an end to their carreer . 
  state-subsidized childcare means that women can go back to work after the maternity leave . 
  in sweden , childcare is available very cheap : 3 % of the income of the parents . 
  most likely it would n't have been russian today ( there was no russian population in constantinople ) , but greek . 
  whether the russians were willing to give constantinople to a greek state or not is a matter of debate , but it was clear that the greeks were to have an important part of the new administration in the city . 
  nevertheless , the greeks were russia 's allies . 
  * during the crimean war , greek volunteers fought on russia 's side . 
  * the brits and french occupied the port of piraeus to prevent the greeks from launching a maritime offensive against the ottomans . 
  * a large scale greek revolt against ottoman rule occurred in epirus . 
  better yet , make holes in condoms !, 
  when the greeks asked for the help of the russians to get it back , much of europe ( france , uk , italy ) fought on the side of the ottomans to prevent it from happening . 
  ( crimean war ) . 
  in stockholm there are people with kids everywhere . 
  the city is the most child-friendly of any city where i 've been . 
  child care is very cheap ( 3 % of the parents ' wage ) , there are financial incentives to have kids , etc. 
  or they went to the west or to russia ? 
  hipster europe : doing civilization before it was cool . 
  well , your country has really shitty weather . 
  no wonder , god is angry at you !, 
  but whenever politicians talk about more capitalism , they really mean more corruption . 
  from what i 've read in the press he 's : * a nationalist , proud polish patriot , wants `` a strong poland '' * an eurosceptic * he wants to promote `` national and catholic values '' ( bad news for the progressives ) * surprisingly , he wants a social security system ( presumably it 's due to the catholic influence ), 
  there might be a reason why , but i ca n't put my finger on it . 
   they have the best agricultural lands of the continent ... or even the world . 
  chernozem is the best soil possible . 
  fraud is mostly among the `` difficult '' areas , such as chechnya and ingushetsia , where there 's a lot of internal struggle and the leaders want to show putin their loyalty . 
  it 's true : the ballot box was full and they had no other ballot box , so they had to improvise . 
  ( we , eastern europeans , tend to be great at that ), 
  or more likely , it 's the other way around : they elect populist politicians because of the slow growth . 
  it is possible , but it could also be only a nickname of some ancestor of hers . 
  [ tatars are \u00e7iberek not kebab . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chiburekki ), 
  they consider themselves one ethnic community , `` turkish-tatars '' ( turco-t\u0103tari ) . 
  and it 's sometimes hard to separate them ( due to intermarriage ) , so the tatars and turks are often interchangeable . 
  she 's a tatar , a minority in dobrogea , along the black sea coast . 
  you do n't understand it : yes , the whole government is made out of thieves and crooks , but they 're `` our '' pro-european pro-american thieves !, 
  it 's like when you get mugged : you should feel much better if the mugger is a flag-waving patriot rather than a traitor !, 
  when they stole a fifth of the country 's gdp a few months ago , they did it while thinking of freedom and democracy . 
  russia promised that if you join nato , it will put you on the list of targets for the case of a nuclear war . 
  then you can boast that you 're important enough to get nuked !, 
  no , it wo n't become more difficult because only the neighbours care to veto . 
   to convince the russians that they pose no threat also because they ca n't afford it . 
  these cities did it by brain draining the whole countries . 
  since 1990 , investment ( both domestic and foreign ) has been focused in the capitals , so there are huge differences in both the number of jobs and the wages received . 
  for instance , the bucharest region has 10 % of the population , 20 % of the jobs and the bucharest employees receive 40 % of the total wages in romania . 
  there is some state redistribution , but the welfare system is not as developed as in western europe . 
  there 's little correlation between human development and inequality . 
  for instance , the united states have higher human development than most of the world , but it 's also more unequal than much of the world , including most of the `` third world '' . 
  the most unequal countries in the world , south africa and botswana , also have the highest human development rating in subsaharan africa . 
   keeping a horse will cost you a lot more . 
  keeping a horse is free most of the time : it will just graze grass on the side of the road . 
  your car will cost you 10 $ / 100 km in gas , 100-200 $ in annual taxes ( some countries have higher taxes for more polluting cars and your cheap car is going to be one of those ) , 100 $ in mandatory insurance , etc. 
  ok , what 's the awful reality that you ca n't see in the city ? 
  crony capitalism is still capitalism , just another form of capitalism that happens in places where there is no application of the rule of law . 
  i would even argue it 's a stronger form of capitalism because corruption allows companies and individuals to `` buy '' politicians , so there is a `` free market '' for political decisions . 
  and no , it 's not a rule : there are all kinds of cases . 
  there are plenty of `` third-world crony capitalist '' countries that are more equal than the united states and plenty that are more unequal . 
  exactly , it 's not the society that 's broken , it 's the gypsies that do n't want to be rich and insist in being poor . 
  extreme economic inequality is the result of unopposed capitalism . 
  all countries that have less inequality obtained it through powerful anti-capitalist / left-wing organizations ( unions , parties , groups , etc. ) . 
  if you look at the history of every such country that has even a modicum of a welfare state ( from sweden to the united states ) , they had huge labor movements , often clashing violently with the state or the owners ' guards . 
  every right was earned through fight , the 8 hour-day , ending child labor , minimum wages , old-age pensions , free education , etc. 
  at every step , the capitalists said it will destroy the economy . 
  if any of their spies is missing ? 
  if we flood ukraine with arms , the russians will flood the rebels with even more arms . 
  the only possible result in this scenario would be a massacre and a quasi-total destruction of ukraine 's infrastructure . 
   the reality really is that bad here . 
  really ? 
  i 've been in stockholm for a month and i have yet to see the awful reality . 
   to convince people to actually consider the facts and which are the facts ? 
  are you claiming that us imperialism and interventionism are not real ? 
  the cold war is long gone . 
  people think about nato 's bombings of serbia , afghanistan and libya , not about what ussr said . 
   how can you confirm such claim ?
