  this just enforces my mistrust in the election process here . 
  it 's not arson if it 's work , not a hobby . 
  that 's because arsonists are fascinated by fire and this is why they become firefighters in the first place . 
  you mean the queen ? 
  well , the soviet union ( and the eastern european countries ) had lots of sins , but lack of social mobility was not one of the problems . 
  if it 's a civilian target , usually it 's isis . 
  if it 's a military/police target , usually it 's pkk . 
  since this is the istanbul airport and not some police building , i guess it 's isis . 
  tony benn was an anti-war activist , the president of stop the war coalition . 
  his son , however , is a war hawk : he voted in favor of iraq war , of a military intervention in libya and he supported bombing in syria . 
  electable ? 
  a tony blair clone ? 
   they do just the jobs they are hired for that was the argument of the people who killed jews at auschwitz . 
  from the conservative point of view , it makes sense to get out of the eu : if the tories ignore the referendum : historical loss due to ukip in the next elections ( first-past-the-post system makes sure of that ) . 
  if the tories follow the referendum : economy tanks , just another loss to labour . 
  the protests were organized and led by union members ( of the * conf\u00e9d\u00e9ration g\u00e9n\u00e9rale du travail * ) . 
  about the elections : the socialists promised something and then they did the exact opposite : they want to impose neoliberal `` reforms '' of the labor laws , against the will of the majority of the french people . 
  i guess that 's a pretty good reason to protest . 
  yes , when they gas the protesters when the government bans protests , they 're doing it for the interest of the workers , right ? 
  good . 
  the police officers are traitors to the working class . 
   is considered unelectable by the majority of his party that 's because the majority of his party are neoliberal `` conservative lite '' blairites , not because his ideas lack popular appeal . 
  yeah , it 's a bog ; most bogs and wetlands in europe have been destroyed to make way for agriculture . 
  the plan was scrapped because they could n't find any financing following the real estate bubble popped . 
  yes . 
  for instance : an experienced programmer in bucharest makes around 2000 $ / month net . 
  the janitor working for the same company makes 200 $ / month . 
  yes , it does mention god and you have to swear with the hand on the bible/koran/whatever religious book you have . 
  there is an alternate version without god in which you swear with the hand on the constitution . 
  he is not yet convicted . 
  if he gets an actual jail term , there 's going to be new elections . 
  but he was caught in the act of receiving a bribe , so the conviction is pretty much certain . 
  fun fact : he was ordered by the anti-discrimination council to remove it , but he brought art students to paint it and now he argues he ca n't remove it because it 's a work of art . 
  yes , he was caught red-handed receiving a bribe ( which is why he is in prison ) , but he built a `` gypsy wall '' to separate the roma area from the rest of the city !, 
  i suspect his anti-roma stance is why he 's so popular . 
  that 's not true , otherwise there would be no jobs in western europe for the millions of people who left romania . 
  my uncle moved to spain ( basque country ) to work as a lathe operator . 
  he made parts for the new trains used at the bucharest metro . 
   villagers are not smart enough to work a common paying job , and that 's the fact . 
  but they did have jobs before the factories were closed in the 1990s . 
  in the village where my grandparents lived , almost everyone was working in the factories in the city 20 km away . 
  ( a big steel plant , a lathes factory , a lightbulb factory , etc. ), 
  all of them closed down , so now almost no one is employed . 
   most villagers are alcoholics that 's a consequence of lack of perspectives . 
   unemployment is not high at all , overall . 
  that 's because of the way the unemployment rate is calculated . 
  in the rural areas there 's little unemployment , but almost no employment , either . 
  yes , the average wage is 600 $ ( gross ) , but the median wage is 300 $ ( gross ) , or about 250 $ ( after taxes ) . 
  the problem is that the jobs are in areas where you can not live on 250 $ / month and in places where you can live off that , there are no jobs . 
  also , the unemployment rate does not include the people who were never employed or who were fired a decade or two ago . 
   investors bring jobs . 
  then why are there no jobs in most of the country ? 
  virtually all of investment has been in bucharest and a few other cities . 
   how quickly is the romanian economy growing ? 
  the economy is growing , but most people do n't get anything out of the growth . 
  the inequality has been constantly growing the last 25 years as well . 
  in most of the country , there are no jobs . 
  if you are an average romanian ( high school graduate ) , it 's hard to find a minimum wage job ( 200 $ / month ) in most of the country . 
  the two choices are subsistence agriculture ( which is basically , deep poverty ) and leaving the country for western europe ( around 3 million already left ) . 
  no one cares for most of the country . 
  foreign investment is in bucharest and a few other cities ( cluj , timi\u0219oara , ia\u0219i ) . 
  the same for government investment . 
   corporate taxes are pretty good pretty good for whom ? 
  most of the population lives in poverty , but hey , at least our corrupt millionaires have low taxes ? 
  estonia nordic !, 
  the dacian theorists have always been marginal to romanian society . 
  they 're considered just a bunch of crackpots . 
  probably christian orthodox nationalism ( anti-western and anti-capitalist , with some pro-russian undertones ) is much more popular than `` the dacians '' , but they are not well organized , so they 're not a force in romanian politics . 
  if the russians ever consider investing in this , it could become serious , but currently , they 're not interested in romania at all . 
  ponta 's `` proud to be romanian '' was just an election gimmick . 
  everyone forgot it already . 
  yes , and this is one of the reasons why nationalism was not particularly popular in romania after 1989 . 
  the main nationalist politician of 1990s and early 2000s ( corneliu vadim tudor ) drew its ideology from ceau\u0219escu-era nationalism . 
  nationalism is only one of the components of fascism , but by itself , it is not fascism . 
  you need to add usage of political violence and imperialism to the mix to get actual fascism . 
  the usage of political violence is not ( yet ? ), 
  widespread in the western world , but it is increasingly common in other parts of the world , from turkey to philippines . 
  probably only erdogan fits all three : nationalism , political violence/repression of minorities and imperialism . 
  excellent !, 
  all this propaganda is going to create a new generation of people who hate nato !, 
  just like the previous generation hated the warsaw pact . 
   the french government spends 56.8 % of the entire countries gdp . 
  by this argument , there is no liberal country in the world . 
  in the uk , the bastion of european liberalism , the government spends 48.5 % of its gdp . 
   a true liberal would be pushing the government spending to gdp ratio towards 10-15 percent there is no country in the world having this percentage . 
  there are some countries where the government spends 15-20 % , but they 're mostly failed states ( guatemala , central african republic , sudan , turkmenistan , etc. ) . 
   features of socialist economies ( redistribution of money from the state to selected companies , that 's not socialism , that 's crony capitalism . 
  hollande and his neoliberal bill have nothing to do with the left . 
  no , it 's not normal : most moose are law-abiding citizens . 
   the president and most of the current elite are people with a soviet style of leadership , and too tightly connected to the oligarchs . 
  the president is an oligarch . 
  more tightly connected than this is not possible . 
  people go to uk 's beaches to throw trash in the sea ? 
  what options do you have as a romanian lacking education ? 
  getting almost any job back in romania would requires at least a high school education , which you do n't have . 
  the few available jobs that do n't require a high school diploma ( such as a garbage man or cleaning staff ) are in bucharest and the big cities , where you ca n't afford the rent on the minimum wage ( 200 $ / month after tax ) . 
  social security and benefits are almost non-existing in romania ( around 30 $ / month ) , so it 's not possible to finish your education while living on that . 
  working in agriculture in romania is at least as bad : worse pay , same conditions . 
   if britain is so awful and treats migrants so badly why do so many come here ? 
  they have to choose between starvation and quasi-slavery .
