  ( before i get a reply `` but i survived on that money as a student '' , i 'm talking about a family with kids ), 
   i do n't really see more benefits having coins over bills . 
  it 's easier to insert them in a vending machine . 
  maybe he personally does n't have czech crowns . 
  most ukrainians and part of the moldovans are russified and they 're rather pro-russia . 
  it 's not really the same thing : the moldovans are a minority in transnistria . 
   who has been treated as a pariah on the world stage the world stage ? 
  he 's warmly welcomed in south america , in africa , in asia ( india is their traditional ally , but china is now quite friendly to them ) , in the middle east ( remember how egypt just signed a free trade agreement with russia ) and in some `` rebel '' parts of europe ( czech republic , hungary , cyprus , greece , italy , etc. ), 
  8 million ? 
  you 're including children as well ? 
  if the moldovans do n't want to be liberated it 's called `` occupation '' . 
  exactly . 
  pacifism is a very strong force in both germany and japan . 
  bombing libya , arming syrian rebels , invading iraq ... great decisions !, 
  no wonder the soviet union did n't work out . 
  kissers and non-kissers ca n't mix . 
  that 's not really news : it 's been known for ages that coal is killing far more people than nuclear energy for the same unit of energy . 
  yes , the data from the world bank already takes into consideration the inflation . 
  ( it 's the value in current international dollars ), 
   btw iceland 's gdp currently stands at about 66 % of what it was in 2007 . 
  iceland 's gdp per capita ppp is higher now than it was in 2007 , according to world bank data . 
  * 2007 : $ 38,986 * 2013 : $ 41,859 the gdp per capita ( nominal ) was higher then , but that was artificially high and it had no relevance over the purchasing power within iceland . 
  by comparison , here 's the greek data : * 2007 : $ 29,025 * 2013 : $ 25,666, 
  less money than `` a hell lot of money '' is still a lot of money . 
   the last third of the parade consists entirely of silent , masked men in black . 
  well , it 's the same thing . 
  the anarchists were supporting the gays and racial minorities , not hating/attacking them . 
  there have been clashes involving them , but when the anarchists protested against the hate marches of the neonazis . 
  you love their pop culture , even their food , you do n't like their military and the fact they 're geting involved and creating chaos everywhere . 
  yes , why are you asking ? 
  france does n't keep any statistics on ethnicity . 
  however , they do keep statistics on the place of birth , so we know that more than 20 % of parisians were born abroad and further 20 % were people born in france to parents born abroad . 
  if we include the people with grandparents born abroad , we 're above 50 % . 
  of course . 
  when a roma is a computer programmer , no one cares . 
  it 's just a piece of irrelevant trivia . 
  when a roma is a beggar , it 's the most defining characteristic . 
   it 's only white countries which pursue this mad masochistic immigration policy . 
  singapore is n't white . 
  dubai and qatar are not european and yet they have lots of migrants . 
  in case of war , russia would bomb some places that are strategically more important than finland . 
   well the us accepts over a million immigrants per year all the people i know who immigrated to the us are highly-paid professionals who work for google , facebook and microsoft . 
  that 's brain drain , not a humanitarian thing . 
   what was that guy sentenced for ? 
  if it 's for masochism , it 's not helping ... , 
  [ indeed , that 's not the right way to do it . 
  this is how a romanian exorcism is done ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tanacu_exorcism ) . 
   so what are foreign forces doing in germany ? 
  they are there to prevent a soviet-supported czechoslovak invasion . 
   is it mandatory for nato members to host american bases ? 
  theoretically , no . 
  practically , i do n't see anytime soon the us leaving its bases from germany and japan , regardless of what germans or japanese think . 
  swedes and norwegians seem to think that denmark is all about racism and ham . 
  danes seem to think sweden is all about absurd `` social justice '' proposals . 
  inter-scandinavian politics is so fascinating . 
  that 's the point . 
  that 's why the us investigated corruption in fifa . 
  they 're afraid that the us prosecutors will do the same thing to them , so they 're doing the what they 're told . 
  uefa is equally corrupt . 
   second this copenhagen is a lot better than stockholm well , the danes did try really hard to make stockholm danish . 
  what is valid for the us may not be valid for sweden . 
  the us brings in as immigrants a lot of educated and skilled people , espcially the people from india . 
  sweden brings especially refugees from warzones . 
  it 's mostly about income . 
  if you 're an african coming from a warzone ( like many refugees accepted by sweden ) , you 're coming with zero money and no education into sweden . 
  while the young african will be a janitor , the young swede will be a professional , with obvious differences in income . 
  if the young african wants to move into a middle-class `` ethnic swedish '' neighbourhood , he can not afford it . 
  it 's becoming segregated along income and wealth lines , as everywhere . 
  recent immigrants tend to get the badly-paid jobs , while the ethnic swedes , who tend to be better educated and also have inherited property from their parents , can afford to live in more expensive areas . 
  this is something new for sweden , which has been very egalitarian since the end of wwii . 
   we have to help you deal with shitty transnistria unfortunately , the eu has done almost nothing to help transnistria . 
  power is a drug that attracts this kind of people . 
  africans get even worse reception in europe . 
  you should just read what / r/europe say about them ... 
   when you 're surrounded by injustice everywhere , then you become cynical , pessimistic , and uncooperative . 
  but injustice is here to stay . 
  injustice is a world-wide phenomenon , not just in romania . 
  it has little to do with the small bribe to the traffic cop , but with the way our current economic system is organized . 
  and people are becoming cynical and pessimistic about their government across the world , not just in the less developed countries . 
  for instance , in the us , [ only 7 % of people trust the congress ( historic low ) ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/171710/public-faith-congress-falls-again-hits-historic-low.aspx ) . 
  in europe , euroscepticism is rife , trust in traditional political parties is also at a historic low , support for extreme-right parties is rising , radical socialists/anarchists is growing . 
  let 's assume that all low-level corruption ends up overnight . 
  * if you get pulled over by a cop , you have to pay the fine * you ca n't pay a bribe to teachers to let you cheat at exams . 
  * you do n't need to pay a bribe to get an `` exception '' for local planning when building a house . 
  * you ca n't pay a bribe to get in front in the surgery queue at the doctor poverty is related to the very low wages . 
  do you really think the wages will also go up ? 
  why would they ? 
  the wages are decided by the market . 
  basically , there are too many workers willing to work for this little . 
  if the cops stop getting any bribes , there wo n't be fewer workers or more jobs to change the salaries . 
  romania is poor because traffic cops get bribes ? 
  it 's a symptom of poverty because regular cops do n't have a decent salary and they have to rely on bribes . 
  a traffic cop in romania gets a wage of 250-300 $ / month , which is definitely not enough for a middle-class standard of living ( buying an apartment , a car , etc ) . 
  when they 'll get a decent standard of living from their wage alone , they wo n't be tempted by taking bribes . 
  in fact , this is the `` solution '' found by saakashvili in georgia for the police : he simply increased their wages to a level where they 're no longer tempted by bribes . 
   he 's the one who made georgia modern and corruptless there are a lot of corruption scandals in georgia for a corruptless country . 
  [ here 's a story from 2014 about a corruption investigation ] ( http://www.eurasianet.org/node/70726 ) and [ another one about a different one , also at the defense ministry . 
  ] ( http://www.rferl.org/content/another-former-georgian-defense-minister-to-stand-trial-on-corruption-charges/25267083.html ) [ then there was a former prime-minister convicted for embezelment . 
  ] ( http://jurist.org/paperchase/2014/02/georgia-court-sentences-former-prime-minister-for-corruption.php ) and so on , and so on ... yeah , it 's good that some of them are caught , but as it is shown in romania ( where we had hundreds of politicians arrested ) , corruption can go on even in these conditions . 
  he eliminated to some degree the low-level corruption ( like small bribes given to traffic cops ) , but the high-level corruption is still there .
