  especially since the driver requested to have a substitute , but they did n't do anything :  a spokesman for the semaf rail workers ' union said the driver had put in a request to be relieved . 
  i 'd guess so . 
  even though they really cleaned up the area lately . 
  [ see the 2009 and 2014 pics in google maps ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ggupove.jpg ) . 
   was built ugly , functional buildings are generally ugly . 
   damaging the environment actually , pre-cast concrete is more environmentally friendly than on-site masonry . 
  damaging the environment was done mostly by other industries . 
   killing the workers that was not done on purpose then , just like it is not done now . 
  it 's simply not respecting the rules . 
  ( whether by the managers or by the workers themselves )  demolishing the historical centers no , the bucharest historical center is still there . 
  you go to drink during the weekend . 
  most of the houses that were razed were mud brick houses with no architectural values . 
  in fact , those that did escape ceau\u0219escu have already been demolished after 1989 . 
  the only neighbourhood that was not made out of mud-brick huts was uranus , but that was not the `` center '' by any definition of it . 
   their soe 's are complete shit and dragging the economy down i see this opinion being repeated everywhere in the mainstream western press . 
  you can look at the chinese soes ' financial data and see they have no profits and think they are dragging the economy down . 
  but it 's wrong because the chinese economy does n't work like that . 
  the chinese soes are mostly industrial infrastructure ( producing basic materials ) and they are not meant to have a profit . 
  they are meant to provide the private sector with very cheap raw materials . 
  if you are a private company in china producing something , you can buy from the soes the cheapest steel in the world , the cheapest rubber , the cheapest chemicals , cement , etc. 
  for a company in europe , it 's hard to compete with a chinese company when all their raw materials are made by companies not meant to have a profit and not paying for the cost of capital . 
  for the oil equipment , we often got in exchange either oil or oil concessions . 
  ( romania was strongly affected by the oil shocks , so ceau\u0219escu tried to obtain oil through various deals ) the problem is that the oil concessions ( for instance , in libya ) were taken over ( usually illegaly , by bribing some people in the government ) after 1990 by some local `` businessmen '' and then sold to western companies for less than they were worth . 
  the state did n't get anything from it , the local businessman got a few tens of millions , the company which bought the concession got a billion in profits after they found a lot of oil in it . 
  the `` commie blocks '' were a good solution at the time , when you needed to build housing for a large percentage of the population . 
  after the war , romania had adequate housing for only a few percentages of the population : 80 % of the population lived in rural areas , in overcrowded small houses or huts , often made out of mud bricks . 
  the urban housing was totally insufficient and , while not as bad as the rural one , still inadequate . 
  so we built millions of apartments , often in standardized apartment buildings , to reduce costs . 
  there were alternatives , but none was as fast ; people needed housing and they needed it fast . 
  building using prefabricated concrete blocks is simply much faster than all the alternatives . 
  it 's not suspicious , it 's just that there were different government policies in each country . 
  for instance , for romania it 's green ( 1946-1970 ) , except for some major urban areas , where it 's blue ( 1970-1990 ) . 
  the reason is simple : after 1946 , there was a large number of dwellings built both in rural and urban areas . 
  as romania was still 80 % rural in 1946 , most of the buildings were where the people lived , hence in rural areas . 
  after 1970 , the government focused on developing the major cities and encouraged migration to these cities . 
  same in romania . 
  actually , the first companies to be closed down and sold for scraps were the ones that had a foreign market and could actually compete with western companies . 
  for instance , romania exported oil extraction equipment to arab countries ( ceau\u0219escu had some friends in there , like saddam and ghadaffi ) . 
  right after 1990 , all these companies were closed down , even though they had orders from abroad . 
  [ apparently , they have a website ] ( http://chicken-shop.ru ) and [ that particular necklace costs 1700 rur ( = # 20 ) ] ( http://chicken-shop.ru/catalog/item/1567/ ) . 
  i do n't have any . 
  there 's no serious investigation of this . 
  unfortunately , romanian historians tend to start from the conclusion : `` romanians have always lived in romania '' and then they try to find arguments . 
  of course , there 's the other side of the debate : the hungarian historians , who start from the conclusion that hungarians came to transylvania before the romanians . 
  most likely , both are wrong . 
   anyway , in the last few decades , there have been some of the taboos of medieval romanian history lifted ( particularly about the romanians ' relationship with cumans , for instance about how wallachia was founded by cumans ) , but we 're still not touching the origins issue . 
  well , yeah . 
  romanians are probably originally from [ dacia mediterranea ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0e/balkans_6th_century.svg ) ( the border region between bulgaria/serbia , which was under roman rule for around 400 years ) , not from dacia proper ( which now mostly overlaps romania ) , but do n't tell our nationalists : they want to `` win '' the argument war against the hungarians . 
  but ... but ... romania is roman , too !, 
  let 's not forget a government . 
  the money tony blair got from romania was taken by his foundations , such as the tony blair faith foundation . 
  tony blair had this idea that globalization can be pushed through `` interfaith dialogue '' , that the world 's religions have much in common and that ecumenism can lead towards a unification of faith , in order to counter secularism . 
  his ideas were , of course , criticized for wanting to destroy the distinctive features of local faiths by replacing them with a standardized global faith , like a mcdonald 's of religion replacing the local mom-and-pop restaurants . 
  he had some support from some us foreign policy organizations who saw his ideas as an opportunity to stop religious opposition to us foreign policy . 
   i still do n't understand why inter was attacked i think it 's most likely a warning to other journalists : this is what happens if they 're not `` patriotic '' enough . 
  as long as the government allows this , there 's no press freedom in ukraine . 
  sometimes you have to choose between the two . 
  it is state-owned , but it 's run as a corporation . 
  their purpose is making a profit , not delivering a public service . 
  db has been using the profits it got from the overpriced tickets in germany to buy up transportation assets across europe . 
  for instance , schenker ag ( largest land freight company in europe ) and arriva ( operating many bus and rail systems across europe ) are owned by db . 
   look at the very mono-cultural russia have you ever been to russia ? 
  moscow is very ethnically diverse and so is much of the rest of the country , from chechnya to yakutia . 
   they need funds so that their country can survive they need funds for the fines they got for their `` president '' illegally crossing the border ? 
   knowledge transfer from say germany to eastern europe is very possible well , we paid huge sums in subsidies for foreign companies building renewable energy sources , but nothing was ever built here , everything was imported from western europe and china , only being assembled here . 
  that 's good . 
  we need more things that do n't suck . 
  these companies have corporate entities in the eu for the business they do in the eu . 
  apple 's profits from us or asia do n't go through the company in ireland . 
  the `` revolving door '' is a form of corruption . 
  an official will take decisions that favor a certain company and , after his term ends , he 'll get employed by that company for a huge salary . 
  i remember that on a romanian forum a romanian living in norway was complaining how his norwegian neighbours were `` snitches '' for turning him in to the authorities for not registering his romanian-registered car . 
  yes , but it 's supposed to be spelled `` crah '' . 
  a short description of the moments in it : * 1877 : declaration of independence , followed by the russo-turkish war of 1877 -- 1878 . 
  * 1907 : peasants ' revolt , the killing of thousands of peasants by the army * 1916 : romania joins the entente ( france , uk , russia ) against the austria-hungary , gets its ass kicked before being saved by what happened in the west * 1920s : infrastructure , cities get built , followed by the crash which strongly affected romania * 1930s : xenophobia , fascism rises in romania . 
  the newspaper says `` foreigners out ! '' . 
  * 1940s : wwii , romania goes to war on nazi germany 's side , then switches sides * 1950s : repression of anti-communists * 1960s-1970s : economic growth , urbanization , opening towards the us * 1980s : austerity , queues for food * 1989 : revolution against ceau\u0219escu . 
  * 1990s : economic transition , widespread poverty * 2007 : joining the eu . 
  when my father and my uncle were flying together ( they worked for the same company ) , my bearded uncle would always be stopped for a `` random security check '' and my beardless father would never get stopped . 
  that 's the net migration , there has been some reverse migration , too : for instance older romanians who retire in their home country or people who worked for a decade in western europe and returned with their savings to build a house or start a business here . 
   it 's quite difficult to earn 200 euros a month , since the minimum wage is higher than that the minimum wage is 207 $ / month ( 925 lei ) after taxes . 
   we have to do something in order to encourage educated , urban people to have children without them having to sacrifice anything . 
  the educated urban people need quality affordable child care . 
  we do n't have that . 
   a significant number of the people born in the `` golden era '' were left to literally rot in orphanages . 
  proportionally not `` a significant number '' . 
  you have to take into consideration that there were more than 11 million people born between 1967-1989 . 
  out of those , around 50.000 were in state care in 1989 , half of which ( 25k ) in orphanages . 
  so under 0.3 % were `` rotting in orphanages '' . 
   people can choose to focus on their careers and standing in society before having a kid . 
  the main reason for the low birth rates is not `` careers and standing in society '' , but poverty . 
  when you 're working for 200 $ / month and the mortgage for a small run-down apartment is 300 $ / month ( as is the case in bucharest ) , you simply ca n't afford a child . 
  what do you mean by `` artificially '' ? 
  the people were born , it 's not like they were fake people . 
  * births : +195 k * deaths : -260 k * net migration : -65 k, 
  a few months ago , some [ romanian ] female friends of my brother went to paris and , since it started to rain , they thought it would be funny to put their scarves like hijabs , since they 've seen some muslim women wearing them like that . 
  anyway , they wanted to enter a restaurant to eat and they were not allowed . 
  they were not given a reason why they were not allowed , but they thought it was obvious that because they wore hijabs . 
   huge numbers of young people who are in reproductive age are abroad total fertility rate does n't work that way . 
  it does n't matter how many young or old people are in the country , it calculates based on the average ferility for each age group , then adds it up .
