  both of these cause serious problems later on in life : * lack of nutrients ( malnutrition ) during childhood have a bad effect on the development of intelligence , and , related to this , high crime rates and all the other problems for the society . 
  * people who graduate at least high school are easier to integrate in the labor force ( lower unemployment rate ) and generally have much lower crime rates and are less likely to live on welfare . 
  drop out rates would be reduced among the people living in poverty because the parents would send their children to school just for the free meals . 
  even if you 're not a left-winger who cares about the children living in poverty , it 's obvious that the school meals would pay themselves by lowering future costs : lower imprisonment rate , better workforce for the businesses to tap on , higher employment rate , fewer people living on welfare , lower medical costs , etc. 
  during wwii , my great-grandfather hosted a polish war refugee at his farm . 
  when the nazis invaded poland , many countries accepted thousands of polish refugees . 
  i suppose now it 's the time for the poles to do the same for others . 
  i could say the same thing about romanian cheese : it comes in two general kinds - white cheese ( telemea ) and yellow cheese ( ca\u0219caval ) . 
  last week , at the french embassy in bucharest , they just painted their fence and it had a `` wet paint '' sign only in french ( `` peinture fra\u00eeche '' ) . 
  that 's very french . 
  the argument has a quasi-religious feel , being more about punishment . 
  we have sinned and we accepted the punishment the imf inflicted on us . 
  the greeks should repent and accept the punishment as well , praised be the market . 
  the same argument is commonly used in romania : we had even worse austerity in 2008-2009 and we did it even though we did n't really needed it . 
  across the eu , farmers get subsidies and special taxation , meaning that the prices of produce are artificially low , so greek farmers ca n't compete without state help because the other countries ' farmers get it . 
  yes , even with the increasing recycling rates for packaging . 
   nokia , paper and forestry the paper industry is not doing good because software is replacing paper in bureaucracies , the internet is replacing newspapers and ebook readers are replacing books . 
  the only section of the market that is growing globally is toilet paper . 
  that could fall as well if the japanese smart toilets will become popular in europe and america . 
   islamist terrorists in chechnya . 
  after the defeat in the russian-chechen war , they fled to europe . 
  you mean the islamist chechens led by atheist dzhokhar dudayev ? 
  this is a claim from the pasok-associated newspaper * to vima * , which does n't provide a source . 
  i 'd take this information with a grain of salt . 
   a number of producers recognized they use cheaper ingredients for products sold in eastern european market , but claim it is not affecting product taste and quality . 
  if they did n't affect the product 's taste and quality , they 'd use the same cheaper ingredients in western european markets as well . 
  yes , the severe lack of funds is exactly why a union would have been a good idea . 
  the eastern european countries woke up in 1990 having too much industry for which it had no market and not enough money to upgrade to be able to survive on the world market . 
  virtually all of it was closed down and the products were replaced with western imports . 
  ( mr. lidl knows more about this ) a union could have prioritized the companies to be saved ( upgraded using western technology ) and a 140-million market would have meant that the companies would have survived . 
  if we had continued as we did in the 1990s , things would have been definitely worse . 
  the only chance to have a better economy than we do now would have been to have our own eastern european union in 1990 : poland , czechoslovakia , hungary , yugoslavia , romania , bulgaria and the balts . 
  however , we were too busy hating each other . 
  hungary hated romania , yugoslavians were too busy killing each other , the czechoslovaks thought they were better than the eastern europeans , etc. 
  it 's strange that we did n't have any solidarity after we broke from the ussr . 
   lifting living standards in the east more or less also . 
  more or less . 
  over 10 million eastern europeans got better living standards by leaving eastern europe for western europe . 
  for instance , from romania , at least 3 million left for other european countries , of which a million in spain and another million in italy ( these are the official figures , the real ones could be higher ) . 
  a million poles left their country for uk and ireland , similar migrations are found to germany ( around 2 million poles ) and across europe . 
  but they both behave like theocracies . 
   even though there are 30000 turks in romania most turks do n't live in bucharest ( where there are only around 3000 turks ) , they live in their villages and cities along the black sea coast , where they already have their mosques . 
  this mosque is for the non-turkish minorities in bucharest . 
  well , this is not something bad per se , but it could be a target of the saudis who have been trying to use their money to radicalize the muslims living in the balkans for quite a time . 
  the turkish state wants the muslim immigrants in bucharest ( mostly from arab countries ) to attend a turkish-financed and led mosque rather than be divided into many small mosques organized by country of origin . 
  the romanian prime minister said the orthodox church ca n't build a church in istanbul `` because the turkish law forbids it '' . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://revistapresei.hotnews.ro/stiri-radio_tv-20301069-ponta-patriarhia-primi-teren-instanbul-faca-camin-pentru-pelerini-schimb-pentru-moscheea-din-bucuresti-nu-pot-face-biserici-acolo.htm ) ), 
  there were protests against the state funding of the big cathedral the orthodox church is building as well . 
  i do n't like that the orthodox church gets free land either . 
  what i do n't like about this `` deal '' with the turkish government is that we agreed to let the turks build a big mosque in bucharest , but the turks do n't allow the romanian orthodox church to build a church in istanbul . 
  some people do n't like the fact that the romanian government gave them the land for free . 
  [ the president of pnl brags on her facebook page that her party proposed this reduction of vat . ] ( https://www.facebook.com/alinagorghiu2014/photos/a.821279017937355.1073741828.821269587938298/923611071037482/?type=1&amp;theater ) . 
  so the liberals proposed the reduction , thinking the social-democrats wo n't agree with it and then they are against it ? 
  what i do n't understand is why his party voted for the fiscal code in the parliament , but he rejected the law . 
  [ canada ] ( http://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/canada-ranked-as-most-admired-country-in-the-world-report-1.2470040 ) . 
   planning riots does n't sound like `` nothing illegal '' they were not planning any riots . 
  there were simply not enough of them . 
  we 're talking about two or three dozen people . 
  they were just planning a protest , a constitutionally protected right -- in fact when they were arrested , they were on private property painting their banners . 
  again , it 's not illegal to write with paint `` no to nato '' on a piece of cloth . 
   i think in romania like in many other countries you can be held without charges for a specific number of hours they were arrested simply because of their opinion . 
  not because they did anything illegal , not because they planned anything illegal . 
  they were just a bunch of kids with banners saying `` no to war '' and `` no to nato '' . 
  arresting people ( even for a few days ) because of their opinion is the definition of totalitarianism . 
   when there was a nato summit in bucharest a lot of the arrested rioters were foreigners too . 
  there were no riots in bucharest during the nato summit . 
  the people who were arrested : * did nothing illegal ( you can argue it was `` precrime '' , since this was a day before the summit started and the planned protest ) * they were held without any charges * the romanian citizens were beaten up by the police ( they avoided to beat up the foreigners to prevent any diplomatic incidents ) * then eventually released without any charges . 
  everything had a eerily feeling of pre-1989 romania abuses against freedom of speech and protest . 
  but yeah , back then i heard plenty of romanians saying the police did a good job cracking down dissent because we are part of nato and we should not allow the anti-war protesters to give the foreigners a false impression on us . 
  most germans want it , but the c in cdu is christian and merkel is a pastor 's daughter , so it wo n't happen as long as they 're in power . 
   a large % of multi-millionares almost all . 
  probably 99 % of top 1000 richest romanians . 
  at the very least , they got free assets from the state , which would not have been possible without knowing the right people . 
   something saying they privatized too quickly in romania , it went the same way and people argue we privatized things too slowly . 
   what 's our national dish ? 
  that 's easy : sarma filled with pork . 
  everyone loves pork in the balkans . 
  the state does n't provide many benefits to the poor farmers and the indigenous people . 
  [ actually , there have been many proposals to have a balkan federation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkan_federation ) . 
   maybe not create a whole new parliament for the eurozone or just have a few sessions of the european parliament with only the eurozone members ' emps . 
  the greeks voted for the traditional parties ( nd and pasok ) and they created the crisis . 
  then they voted for the radical left ( syriza ) and they did not solve anything because they were not radical enough . 
  the people will continue to try something else until the crisis is solved . 
  now they will either choose the fascists or the even more radical left ( communists , anarchists , etc. 
  i 'm an anarchist , not an `` anarcho-capitalist '' . 
  i want a complete social revolution , not tax cuts for corporations . 
   less money get pocketed and the government used the money saved from anti-corruption to reduce the taxes . 
  that 's not helping the poor . 
   this wealth that 's left unstolen will eventually get to the right places . 
  yes , to the rich and the big corporations : inequality is going up in romania . 
  anti-corruption is great , but it 's not helping at all to reduce poverty . 
  i keep hearing mainstream romanian politicians arguing that all the welfare state measures are a kind of corruption and that they should be restricted together with bribery . 
  romania is , on a world scale , reasonably rich , but it still has not covered the basics , such as caring for its children : * half of the children are living in poverty , both relative ( to the incomes in romania ) and absolute ( `` material deprivation '' ) . 
  * almost a third of the children do n't get appropriate food * the `` free healthcare '' for the children is not really free . 
  * quality schooling is simply not available in most rural areas . 
  there 's one thing when everyone gives up to the same degree sovereignty to a democratic transnational body and another when only one greece is mandated to do this . 
  [ list of measures to be adopted by the greek parliament next week . 
  people move to latin america because they do n't have jobs in europe ( see the unemployment rates in southern european countries ) , it has nothing to do with the muslims . 
  [ well , juncker did meet greek opposition leaders on thursday and friday to discuss averting the bankruptcy . 
  ] ( http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/international/eu-s-juncker-to-meet-gree/1972748.html ),
