  i see the nordic people complaining about corruption and how they 're unhappy with their politicians , their media , etc. , but still , their societies are working . 
  their corruption does exist , but it 's higher up , far away from the regular person , who never has to meet such corruption . 
  our corruption can be seen at the street level . 
  the trash that was piling up on the streets of naples reminded the inhabitants every day of how deep political corruption is in the city administration . 
  a latin trait . 
  see how romanians and italians are like . 
  on the whole for the eu , not for individual countries . 
   what is so difficult about this some people feel the society / humanity is not fair to them . 
  this is more common in warzones ( which is why there are so many isis recruits from the countries where there is a civil war ) or from repressed or bullied minorities . 
  the solution would be to encourage local communities to build their own wind farms . 
  if you own it , you do n't complain about spoiling your view . 
  the only finnish food ( except alcohol ) i 've seen here in regular supermarkets is crispbread ( `` finn crisp '' brand ) . 
  there are 22 million young people ( aged between 18-40 ) in the uk and 10 million old people ( aged over 65 ) . 
  why is the result the fault of the minority of old people if the young outnumber them 2-to-1 ? 
  it 's not possible that all the groups have higher turnout than the average . 
  it 's not possible it was 75 % . 
  the official turnout was 72 % of the registered voters , probably less than 60 % of all eligible voters and the turnout for older people was as high as 90 % . 
  and the young people did n't even go to vote because they wanted to fuck themselves ? 
  democracy works through voting . 
  if you 're not bothered to vote , what is the point in complaining about the result ? 
  [ ireland and the baltics can not into cern ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/ca/cern_member_states_.svg ), 
  liberal western values were never mandatory for nato membership . 
  afterall , salazar 's portugal was a founding member of the organization and greece was also a member under the dictatorship of the colonels . 
   what on earth is erdogans endgame with antagonizing the us ? 
  the us has been very supportive of the kurds in syria , iraq , etc. 
  the us government likes the kurds not because they love the kurdish organizations ' ideologies ( communism/anarchism ) , but simply because they have some of the few organizations in the region with whom you can have a reasonable discussion . 
  erdogan does n't like this closeness between the americans and kurds and he fears a kurdish state would be created . 
  not only profits , but all the money it takes out of the community/country . 
  all the employees of uber , its development , etc. 
  are in the us . 
  the local taxi companies have all their employees locals . 
   you 'd assume the average citizen would feel it . 
  they do n't feel it , it 's just profits of multinationals . 
  from the article : `` consumer spending rose by 4.5 per cent last year . '', 
  because non-french men are less attractive in general . 
  too little sex education in schools . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  this is an important reason . 
  see the netherlands , which has an excellent sex education program . 
  they did , but it 's written in ottoman turkish ( in arabic letters ) . 
   i know very few who have children i have a few swedish co-workers who have 3 kids . 
  this is unheard of for middle-class people back in romania ( i work in software/it ) . 
  yes , but a person that leaves romania is not affecting the fertility rate here . 
  the fertility rate is calculated for the people who are still in the country . 
  if there are only 100 young people and 1000 old people , the percentage of old people does n't affect the fertility because their fertility is 0 regardless of how many they are . 
  that 's just some good old broken glass fallacy . 
  buying that equipment ( even if it produces some parts locally ) is n't going to help the standards of living of the brits . 
  how is the uk government buying military equipment made in the us helping the uk economy ? 
  the invasion of afghanistan was n't justified . 
  it killed hundreds of thousands ( including 3500 western soldiers ) and it did n't help at all . 
  even right now , after 15 years of fighting , large parts of the country are still under control of talibans , al qaeda and isis . 
  the fertility rate does n't work like that . 
  it does n't matter how many young people are still in the country . 
  some saudi citizens , led by a guy from a saudi rich family ( bin laden ) , funded by private saudi money , hijacked the planes . 
  it 's only logic that the us was attacked by the afghans , right ? 
   nato is however a defensive alliance indeed : the afghanistan war was a $ 1 trillion defense operation . 
  i 'm sure the 23 romanian soldiers who died in afghanistan died to protect romania from the talibans , right ? 
   the rest of eu loves russia economic concerns  geopolitical concerns . 
  thanks de gaulle !, 
  tokyo is a mix of short and tall buildings , but it definitely has much more skyscrapers than european cities . 
  brutalism was very popular during the 1960s and 1970s throughout the world , not just in the soviet union . 
  lately , polls tend to calculate wrongly who will actually go to vote . 
  just having an opinion and staying at home is not enough . 
  the consumption is increasing because the minimum wage has been increasing ( from 189 $ in 2014 to 275 $ / month gross in 2016 ) and the median romanians ' standard of life still did n't reach the minimum from which to start to save money . 
  there are still unmet needs , probably a good minimum wage would be around 500 $ , but that 's still many years away . 
  the `` leave '' campaign leaders ( including boris ) did n't wanted to win . 
  the `` remain '' campaign leaders ( including cameron and corbyn ) wanted to lose . 
   why do you hate the eu so much anyway ? 
  i do n't hate it , i just notice the trends across europe and the trend is that the eu is disintegrating . 
   i think romania of all countries profited massively from being in the eu . 
  romania profited mostly from foreign investment ( especially in the early 2000s ) , not from being in the eu . 
  in fact , before joining the eu ( 2000-2006 ) , we had higher growth rates than between 2007-2015 , but i guess that 's because of the international context . 
  the eu funds are embezzled and wasted ( and when our politicians ca n't do that , they simply are not used ) , so we do n't profit much from them . 
  i guess it 's too late to change it , particularly considering the fact that it wo n't exist in a decade or two . 
  you 're doing a straw man . 
   that 's something you ca n't change . 
  having things that can not be changed is undemocratic . 
  because the commission is basically under corporate control , always doing what the biggest european corporations want ? 
  it just happens that these corporations are overwhelmingly from northern europe . 
  should n't the goal of the less developed countries be that they get closer in standard of livings to the ones of northern countries ? 
  the eu can not be democratic . 
  northern europe ( germany , netherlands , sweden ... ) = 120 million people eastern europe ( poland , romania , czechia ... ) = 100 million people southern europe ( italy , spain , greece ... ) = 130 million people if it would be democratic , the people of eastern and southern europe could set the course for the eu . 
  in practice , almost everything is decided by northern europe ( germany , mostly . ), 
   i am leaving this country behind where to ? 
  to le pen 's france or to trump 's america ? 
   you ca n't trust people to make educated decision based on facts , so we should give up on elections and put a dictatorship in their place ? 
  yes , it had some turkish and tatar minorities , maybe even a few circassians . 
  well , this election was an improvement , because for the last decade , all the biggest parties organized what was called `` electoral tourism '' by the press : buses of people would tour around the countryside and vote in each village on `` supplementary lists '' . 
  now they have a central system so that you ca n't vote twice . 
  in that case ( local elections ) , they simply `` moved '' people from villages where it was clear they 'd win to villages where it was uncertain . 
  anyway , this was in bucharest , so the vote was mostly correct . 
  in the countryside , things are far worse . 
  in some villages there were hundreds of `` new '' people ( actually residents from neighbouring villages ) who registered on the day of the election in order to vote in that village , then they registered back to their old home . 
  well , they did send a list of observers a month before the elections ( as required by law ) for all the precincts , but a few of these volunteers ( most likely infiltrated members from the biggest party , social-democrats ) resigned from the party only a few days after the list was sent to the electoral commission . 
  this party wanted to put new people in their place , but the electoral commission refused . 
  the electoral commission said that only the people who had been already nominated were to be allowed to participate as observers and that it was not possible to change them . 
  it 's important that people trust the election process . 
  reminds me this local election in bucharest a month ago : in a bucharest district , a small party contested the election results ( asking for a recount ) because of some very strange things , among which : * that party lost ( overall ) the precincts where they did n't have any observers and they won ( overall ) the precincts where they had observers . 
  * there was a difference of thousands of ballots that were apparently not returned from the precincts , either unused , nor used . 
  the electoral commission dismissed the recount request , arguing it 's not the commission 's fault that the party did n't have observers everywhere to witness the count and that the difference in the ballots is because the presidents of the precincts were `` idiots who did n't understand how to fill in the forms correctly '' .
