  it 's not a conspiracy theory , it 's pretty obvious in the wikileaks cables , how top politicians and their advisers go to the american embassy and they tell everything they know . 
  how every few months the president and the prime minister go to the us on `` private visits '' or visits without clear goals and public meetings . 
  it 's not about the economy , romania has far stronger ties with european countries , but you do n't see them going to france or italy as often . 
  it 's a matter of power over the country in which you have troops stationed . 
  when you have troops stationed in another country , they put a pressure over that country . 
  anyway , like i said , i 'd prefer there would be no foreign troops in order to guarantee the independence of the country . 
   everyone was hoping for some sort of miracle and that romania would be included in the western occupation zone . 
  not `` everyone '' had the same opinion . 
  this unanimity of opinions throughout the nation is a nationalist myth . 
  the oligarchic elite did hope for an american intervention because they wanted things to go on as before the war . 
  so did the people belonging to various fascist factions , many of whom went into resistence in the mountains . 
  but what about the great unwashed masses ? 
  there were plenty of people who did have a genuine belief in communism . 
   i honestly would n't mind honest and informed opinions but `` yanks go home !, 
  we do n't need another occupant ! '', 
  is not really the most high quality/informed discussion starting phrase . . 
  yes , there 's a very obvious circlejerk . 
  i 've also been downvoted for [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2yngjx/estonians_latvians_lithuanians_poles_and/cpb9c86 ) and it 's not a `` yanks go home '' , but just an opinion . 
  i 'd prefer to have no foreign troops in romania . 
  i consider them just as unwelcome as the soviets were in post-war romania , that they are here just in case they 're needed to enforce american control . 
  if there would be an equal partnership , yes , i would agree , but this is not equality . 
  the united states would certainly not agree that romanian troops be stationed on american soil . 
  it 's the fastest warship in the world , not the strongest . 
  it is used for patrol . 
  the public image and perception of romania abroad are bad , but , imo , they are fair . 
  if you think we are a corrupt , third-world nation , you 're probably right . 
  there are pockets of first-world , but most of the country is at the level of the third-world . 
  yes , the prime minister has the most power . 
  however , this power can only be exercited if he has the support of the parliament . 
  party support is not enough . 
  the parliament in romania is very fickle . 
  it 's not uncommon that a quarter of the mps switch parties during a 4-year legislature . 
  most mps have other interests ( usually business interests ) , so if you are the prime minister and you do something that affects their business interests , they 'll just switch sides and topple you . 
  romanians care way too much about what others think of them . 
  i do n't want politicians that improve romania 's image outside the country . 
  i want politicians that solve the problems of the people inside the country . 
   it 's never existed in the independent romanian state [ yes , it did . 
   `` szekelyland '' does not exist minorities and regions exist regardless of whether you like it or not . 
  how about austria , then ? 
  the country is ethnically quite homogenous . 
  also , romania might be a nation-state , but we do have minorities ( the szekely land ) and , if we ever intend to unify with moldova , a federation is pretty much a must . 
  do you see the saxonians or floridians or tasmanians favoring separatism ? 
  they all live in federal countries and yet , they identify with the country more than they do with their state . 
   well , no offense , but romania is not a federal state , i support a federal state , but i do n't favor separatism and i 'm not financed by the hungarian state . 
  i think that if the power is closer to the people , they 're more likely to get involved in politics and activism . 
  constitutionally , the president has little power . 
  he 's a bit more than a glorified constitutional king , meeting foreign heads of states and signing the laws ( if he refuses to sign a law , the law is returned to the parliament to vote again and then he 's legally forced to sign it ) . 
  previous presidents ( iliescu , b\u0103sescu ) were able to get more power through `` extraconstitutional '' ( you may read that as `` illegal '' ) means , particularly through the use of secret services in politics . 
  when you have blackmail material for the politicians in your party and the other party , you have a huge amount of power . 
  so far , iohannis did not step his constitutional powers , did not interfere against legal investigations of people in his party , did not intervene in party politics ( the constitution forbids this , but b\u0103sescu did this regularly ) . 
  the short story : he respected the rules . 
  this is definitely a good step . 
  the only bit that was a bit disappointing was the naming of some people from within his party , but his party is just as corrupt as the others , so it 's not unexpected . 
  tl ; dr : he respected the rules and tried to be a fair president . 
  he did n't achieve anything , but that 's not the president 's role , the real power rests with the government and parliament . 
  none . 
  in former communist countries , it 's expected that all top politicians were informants , if not full secret service agents . 
  in the soviet union , stalin was a georgian . 
  neutrality means they may sell guns to everyone . 
  intercontinental ballistic orthodox church, 
  it 's a map of high speed rail . 
  there are some advantages for having a flat country . 
  [ russia is already leading negotiations with china over a swift alternative . 
  the sanctions will just make everything faster ] ( http://journal-neo.org/2014/10/10/russia-in-negotiation-with-china-for-alternative-swift-bank-system/ ) . 
  india is a far closer ally of russia than china and it 's pretty clear they 'll join it . 
  iran already had swift sanctions . 
  south america is afraid that the us could use such sanctions against them , so they 'll join . 
  the problem with swift is that if they 're kicked out of it , they 'll be strongly affected for a year , then they 'll recover because they 'll make their own system , together with india , china , iran , south america and africa , a new system outside the control of the west . 
  since you can only do this once , the west is going to do this only as a last measure . 
  also , all these gradual sanctions are helping russia to become more independent from the west by focusing on trade with the other countries . 
  an oil embargo against russia is pointless as long as china and india ( the # 2 and # 4 oil consumers ) are not doing it . 
  for gas , yes , you need pipes or lpg infrastructure , so russia can not sell it on the world market , but oil can be easily transported around in a train or a tanker . 
  also , a gas embargo means a huge spike in the gas prices in europe , making the german and french chemical and other industrial plants which rely on gas uncompetitive on the world market . 
  based on my knowledge of how germany and france care about their industry , this will not happen . 
  in many countries , the parents do n't have the right to refuse medical care for their children . 
   i think that one 's right to his own body is more important than will of others however , refusing to get a vaccination does not affect only you , but also other people by disabling the `` herd immunity '' . 
  vaccines rely on your immunity , so they do not work for 100 % of the people who are vaccinated . 
  your immune system may not react correctly to the vaccine , meaning that it is possible you wo n't get the expected antibodies even if you 're vaccinated . 
  however , if the whole population is vaccinated , even these people wo n't become sick because of this `` herd immunity '' . 
  if there are enough people who refuse vaccination , this protection is removed and the people who have a weaker immune system will get the disease . 
  is it moral that your ignorance kills other people who have no fault in this ? 
   [ kyiv , november 26 / ukrinform / . 
  the security service of ukraine ( sbu ) has opened more than 3,000 proceedings over separatist activities . 
  ] ( http://www.ukrinform.ua/eng/news/sbu_arrests_668_people_for_separatism_this_year_327384 )   an advisor to the sbu chief , markiyan lubkivsky , said this on wednesday . 
    `` since march this year , investigative security agencies have had more than 3,000 criminal proceedings initiated due to the crimes committed against the national security of ukraine , against public safety and other crimes related to separatism and terrorism in southeastern ukraine and crimea , '' he wrote on his page on facebook . 
    he said that as part of these proceedings 967 persons had been declared suspects , 668 had been arrested and that 186 people had been put on the wanted list . 
  now , it 's not very clear what are `` separatist activities '' and `` crimes against national security '' . 
  since they arrested 668 people , i suspect it 's related to activities outside the territory held by rebels . 
  the same is valid for japan . 
  i understand that britain has foreign policy goals that are closer to those of the us than the eu . 
  if this is the case , then maybe they should reconsider their membership to become something like norway . 
  however , mainland europe should not have problems with cohesion that can not be solved by negotiations . 
  poland and the baltics want military security and their need for security should be solved by the eu through a eu-wide military system . 
  hungary wants some degree of economic control over its own economy which is mostly foreign-owned . 
  that can be fixed as well through eu development programs . 
  i do n't believe our principles and goals are so different that we can not reach a consensus . 
  if this would lead to an independent eu foreign policy and closer military collaboration within the european union , i agree with it . 
  yes , but bae bought its way in the market through a merger with an american company ( marconi electronic systems ) . 
  no , because all american defense companies do this . 
  and it 's a rather closed market , it 's not possible for foreign companies to join the market and small companies ca n't compete with these huge companies .
