  * education : percentage enrolled ( up to age 18 ) : alabama : 76 % , spain 90 % . 
  most of the bolshevik leaders were russian intellectuals who had lived for decades in exile in western europe , particularly in zurich , geneva , vienna and london . 
  they supported an ideology derived from the works of a german ( karl marx ) , who had been influenced by countless french and german socialists . 
  you may argue that stalinism , having little with the original marxism , may not be very european in nature , but the original ideology of the russian revolution was definitely european . 
  actually , he 's not wrong that , out of a historical point of view , this was the legal view . 
  it 's just that the same system of law allowed slavery and other things that are no longer acceptable . 
  well , i 'm not talking about an american , but this guy defines himself as an american-style paleoconservative . 
  ( he 's a big fan of barry goldwater ), 
  i know people who deny what the natives endured was a genocide . 
  their arguments are like this : * the claims are widely exaggerated . 
  it was not an orchestrated attempt to kill them all , just individual crimes . 
  * there are still natives who live , proving they were not exterminated . 
  * both sides ( europeans and natives ) committed crimes , they 're both equally at fault . 
  the fact that escaladated * europeans wanted to civilize them , but they refused , so the europeans were right to be a bit tough on them . 
  * the natives had no right to the land they used . 
  the europeans did . 
  then comes a long and boring argument about the law systems in europe and how the natives had no deeds , making them similar to the animals inhabiting a forest . 
  yes , that 's what they want , but the eu was not very supportive . 
  imo , it 's more likely that turkey apologizes for the armenian genocide than the uk apologize for their irish and indian genocides . 
  and [ being the last slaveholder in europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_romania ) ? 
   the only free market was for the english landlords selling the food . 
  the irish had no choices . 
   that 's capitalism . 
  if you do n't own the land , you have to rent it on whatever terms the landlord wants . 
  you have no choices . 
  even if he did n't want to kill his brother , he 's responsable for not respecting gun safety rules ( never clean a loaded gun -- check it first , never point a gun at someone , etc. 
  ) , which should apply to everyone : including kings . 
   juan carlos deserves the merits for leading the country to democracy it 's not like he had a choice . 
  it was either democracy or being ousted by the angry people . 
  a few days ago , pablo iglesias , the head of left-wing party podemos , [ did give king juan carlos 's son ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2015/04/15/inenglish/1429093736_450014.html ) , king felipe , a box-set of game of thrones saying that it would help him `` understand the key points of the political crisis in spain '' . 
   spain is the outlier , where they are less popular . 
  well , the lack of popularity is deserving : the spanish royal family is full of assholes . 
  * king juan carlos killed his brother with a rifle in an `` accident '' * king juan carlos killed elephants , paying huge sums for that while the country was undergoing a terrible austerity program * king juan carlos killed drunk and pregnant bears in romania and russia . 
  * corruption : carlos ' son-in-law i\u00f1aki urdangar\u00edn is under investigation for embezzlement and money laundering * bastards : there are claims that there are plenty of illegitime children of his . 
  so far , the spanish justice system refused to allow a dna test and carlos refused to recognized any such children . 
  it seems children from two mothers are his because they did a matching dna test and they appear to have the same father . 
  ... and it 's not going to work because the terrorists will use encryption . 
  about putin : `` i looked the man in the eye . 
  i found him to be very straightforward and trustworthy . 
  we had a very good dialogue . 
  i was able to get a sense of his soul ; a man deeply committed to his country and the best interests of his country . '', 
   http://www.heritage.org/index/ranking denmark is # 3 in the eu in that `` economic freedom '' ranking ( behind estonia and ireland ) while they have the highest tax burden of any eu country ( 48 % of gdp ) . 
  in other words , only poor people should pay taxes !, 
   apparently politicians were game theory experts all along . 
  yup , varoufakis actually is a game theory expert . 
  from his bibliography on wikipedia : * game theory : a critical text . 
  london and new york : routledge , 2004 ( with shaun p. hargreaves-heap ; translation in japanese ) * ( ed . 
  ) : game theory : critical perspectives . 
  volumes 1 -- 5 , london and new york : routledge , 2001 * game theory : a critical introduction . 
  london and new york : routledge , 1995 ( with shaun hargreaves-heap ) * rational conflict . 
  oxford : blackwell , 1991, 
  the lithanian laborers are cheap as well : the minimum wage in lithuania is $ 1.8 / h. 
   you seem to consider this foreign involvement to be a fact rather than hypothesis . 
  the only foreign involvement was the involvement of the ( rather big ) russian exile , who were expelled by the same tsarist government . 
  if you read the history of cuba , you can see there were serious clashes between fidel , che and the rest of revolutionary leaders and the soviets on the economic policies . 
  the cubans had to accept the soviet model ( or at least a variant of it ) because the alternative would be having no protection against the americans . 
  why did n't they change the model after 1991 ? 
  well , they did , but it was much harder to do it then , internationally isolated . 
  are you trying to be incoherent or plainly sociopathic ? 
  just like some people compare merkel to hitler ... 
  [ yes , when he was young . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6e/stalin_1902.jpg ), 
   all countries you mentioned were hurt more or less directly by soviet union or us during cold war . 
  except for a very small number of countries , virtually all were hurt by soviet union or us during the cold war . 
  yes , that 's why i said profiting in a direct way . 
  influence is an indirect way . 
  let me rephrase it :  eastern european politicians use russia as an excuse to get sign defense contracts , receiving bribes in exchange . 
   did you know that russians forbid poland to develop some technologies because they were afraid they might surpass theirs ? 
  why were czechoslovakia and east germany allowed to develop some better technologies than the ussr , but poland was not ? 
   maybe if for the previous 50 years they would be a sovereign state they would develop some industry instead of being forcefully dependent on russia . 
  why do you think that a non-soviet tajikistan would not be like their non-communist neighbours such as afghanistan or pakistan ? 
  or like iran , with which they share the language . 
  the soviet union was certainly flawed , but people from poor republics did have a better quality of life and more chances than before or after . 
  russia was the industrial powerhouse , but it allowed other republics to develop as well . 
  for example , tajikistan fell back into african-level poverty after 1991 . 
  the difference in gdp , standard of living , education , etc between russia and tajikistan is far greater than ever was between the two soviet republics . 
  today , half of the tajik gdp is from remittances from tajiks working in russia . 
  there 's no way russia profited in any direct way from the union with tajikistan . 
   really ? 
  and you can call anyone the 'n' word ? 
  being legally disallowed is not the same thing as being frown upon . 
  yeah , i know . 
  libertarians i 've met are either idealistic and having good intentions but incoherent or plainly sociopathic . 
   neither country claims the land . 
  they should just try to build something on it and they 'll see who claims it ( the country that pulls it down ) . 
   have respect for private ownership so there 's a guy who wants to take some land from serbia and croatia and he wants people who have respect for other people 's property ? 
   it was organised robbery of other countries by russia . 
  with the exception of the baltic countries and kazakhstan , the other republics of ussr were economically stronger back then . 
  i did not claim that romanian is slavic , only that you can write slavic languages with italian alphabet if you want . 
  the romanian alphabet was created in 19th century based on the italian alphabet . 
  `` c '' is just a letter and its chosen phonetic value is arbitrary . 
  you could have just as well pronounce `` c '' as hard k like in welsh , it would n't have changed the language . 
   causes :   ( ... )   errors in social policy . 
  that sounds like an understatement . 
  the eu is not going to become a pole unless it is willing to integrate further . 
  the eu should either try to be the united states of europe or become an irrelevant backwater . 
  if you want , you can write a slavic language using an alphabet derived from the italian alphabet , like romanian did . 
  that does n't prove anything . 
  there have been instances in which mods removed rt articles and i do n't think that 's ok . let the people decide if the article is worth it or not . 
  even sources that are supposed to be more `` objective '' become incredibly biased when they are asked by the powers-that-be .
