  there 's no european solidarity . 
  there are eu funds , but they 're pointless . 
  we only use a quarter of what 's allocated to us and even this is mostly wasted and reaches the pockets of our oligarchs . 
  if they give up on basic freedoms like the freedom of speech , then what was the point of the maidan ? 
  no , alcohol is not on the list . 
  russians can still enjoy french wines , belgian beer and swedish vodka . 
  putin knows that trying to get any restrictions on alcohol in russia is not going to end up well . 
  the last russian leader to try some alcohol restrictions was gorbachev :  in may 1985 , less than two months after becoming general secretary of the communist party , mikhail gorbachev launched a campaign against alcohol abuse , backing it up with a series of measures to reduce alcohol production and sales . 
  these included limiting the kinds of shops permitted to sell alcohol , closing many vodka distilleries and destroying vineyards in the wine-producing republics of moldavia , armenia and georgia , and banning the sale of alcohol in restaurants before two o'clock in the afternoon . 
  to set a good example , official soviet receptions both at home and abroad became alcohol-free . 
  exhorting soviet citizens to abide by these measures , gorbachev became known as the mineral ` nyi sekretar ' ( mineral-water-drinking secretary ) rather than general ` nyi sekretar ' ( general secretary ) . 
  those are the estimates made by the press based on the census and the data from other countries . 
  according to the 2011 census , there are 19 million people currently in romania ( 20 million including people who are only temporarily working abroad ) . 
  in 1990 , there were over 23 million . 
  there was probably some decrease due to low birth rate , but that was a few hundred thousands at most . 
  it 's hard to know exactly how many people are abroad because many are not registered . 
  for instance , the italian government 's data says there were 1.071.000 romanians registered , but their number is certainly higher . 
  actually , that 's not bad , compared to what happens in the eu countries of eastern europe . 
  of these , almost half say they do n't want to return . 
  the number of people who actually left during the last 20 years is around 4 million ( 15-20 % of the population ) , of which a million to italy and another million to spain ( according to the official figures of foreign nationals in those countries ) . 
  out of my university colleagues ( software engineering ) , around half left , but the figure is so low because there are plenty of opportunities to work as a programmer here in bucharest . 
  for other kinds of degrees , the figures are much higher ( up to 80-90 % leaving romania ) . 
  in romania , in practice , there is little administrative independence of the academic system . 
  through various machinations , the rectors of some big universities tend to be members of the ruling party ( currently social-democrats , psd ) or , at least , in very friendly terms . 
  for instance , my alma mater , polytechnic university of bucharest : * current rector : [ mihnea costoiu ] ( http://www.upb.ro/mesajul-rectorului.html ) who is also a psd [ government minister ] ( http://gov.ro/ro/guvernul/cabinetul-de-ministri/ministrul-delegat-pentru-invatamant-superior-cercetare-stiintifica-i-dezvoltare-tehnologica ) * previous rector : [ ecaterina andronescu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ecaterina_andronescu ) , who held several mandates of senator ( also from psd ) , as well as a several mandates of minister of education ( held at the same time with being a rector ) of course there is a conflict-of-interests , but this is the least important thing : everything in the state aparatus is party-based and changed whenever a new party gets power . 
  we live in a country where even elementary school directors get appointed politically . 
  -- returning to the question , of course there is a lot of party appeasement over everything . 
  for instance , because the parties ( all of them , actually ) are in bed with the orthodox church , the curriculum tries to `` contradict '' the church as little as possible . 
  until a couple of years ago , biology manuals avoided discussing evolution . 
  they mentioned it as fact , but they did n't discuss it . 
  i 'm not claiming there was not a huge amount of corruption in ukraine and i 'm not claiming that the ongs funded by the eu and us did something wrong by protesting against it . 
  yet , nothing good came out of it , so far . 
  unfortunately , they still have the corrupt oligarchs in power and they have a civil war going on . 
  i think the west should recognize that their the mess in ukraine was their doing and they should try to fix it , one way or another . 
   on the other hand we have deliberate attempts to disinform , destabilise society , and cause hatred . 
  that 's what the west did in ukraine , which resulted in the maidan . 
  we claimed we did it to result in more democracy , but the result was just another oligarch in power . 
  in order to win the moral struggle , we need to be better than the russians . 
  if we block their propaganda just like the russians block `` our '' propaganda , we 're no better than them . 
  in romania , dacia logan is a more common police car . 
  it 's probably malaria . 
  ** romania . 
  ** after a few wars , dacia was conquered by the roman empire . 
  the romans were the original resource-grabbing imperialists !, 
  however , the roman empire did not conquer all romania , but only the parts richest in resources ( especially gold and minerals ) , which meant most of transylvania . 
  the romans did not have an easy stay here . 
  the `` terrorists '' / `` freedom fighters '' of dacia quite often revolted , attacked and pillaged the roman cities . 
  when this happened , the romans had temporarily occupations beyond their borders . 
  the romans eventually withdrew in 271 ad , so the local `` barbarians '' took over the administration . 
  nevertheless , some part of the balkan population learnt latin ( they became romanians ) , while some others did not ( they became albanians ) . 
  they do n't deal much with individual issues , unless their political adversaries has a strong stance on them . 
  actually , / r/rocirclejerk does have codru\u021ba k\u00f6vesi , the prosecutor-general of romania , as background image . 
  [ facebook event already created ( bucharest , university square , 8 pm ) ] ( https://www.facebook.com/events/510405115769810/?ref_newsfeed_story_type=regular ), 
  basically , this oligarch bought from the state an agricultural research institute for next to nothing ( the price of an apartment ) , producing a prejudice for the state of over 60 million $ . 
  the institute owned several hectares of prime real estate in bucharest and buildings with a surface of over a 10,000 square meters . 
  now , he 's not just a regular oligarch , he was vice-prime-minister , he 's the leader of a party currently part of the government coalition and he owns a media empire used as propaganda for the current government . 
  his net worth is estimated at around 500 million $ , down from a peak of over a billion . 
  why ? 
  a building is a building , does it matter who built it ? 
  also , it 's a tourist attraction . 
  the fast internet tends to be in the cities ( which of course have plumbing ) , while the lack of plumbing is in the rural areas ( where they also have slower adsl internet 10-20 mbps instead of 100-1000 mbps in the cities ) . 
  yes , but romtelecom is available in small villages where there is no other alternative . 
   greece never had tv served from coaxial cables that permitted fast speeds using docsis . 
  in romania , the coaxial cables are being replaced with an optic cable network ( at least in bucharest and the major cities ) , so now we have fibre-to-the-premises in many places . 
  ok , ok , not all northern food is bad . 
  probably it was a map and you could click on each country . 
  italy is basically divided in 2 regions , the rich on the north with the heavy industry and companies and the poor one with good food . 
   the forbes world 's billionaires list of 2011 ranked ecclestone as the 4th richest person in the united kingdom , with an estimated fortune of $ 4.2 billion so he 's paying 1.4 % of his wealth . 
  ah , the wonders of oligarchy . 
  if he were a commoner whose wealth was worth 100,000 $ , he would n't have got out of a criminal investigation by paying 1400 $ . 
   romania was biggest and stronkest economically ( allegedly ) it was definitely biggest , but we were economically ( measured in gdp ppp per capita ) ranked as we are now . 
  less developed than all the west , hungary , czechoslovakia , a bit behind poland and greece , about the same as bulgaria and ahead of albania . 
   we were democratic ( sort of ) before wwi , we were an oligarchy ( literally ) , having censitary suffrage . 
  also , some minorities ( especially the sizeable jewish community ) were not given citizenship at all , despite all the protests from the west . 
  after wwii , we had male suffrage ( women , along with some social categories , such as military men , were not allowed to vote ) , but it was more of an * illiberal democracy * . 
  the law banned some ideologies ( for instance , `` spreading communist propaganda '' was legally punished by death ) and the elections were typically shockingly corrupt and full of fraud . 
  how about sending them to israel ? 
  maybe adding more people would solve that conflict !, 
  speaking of villas of high-ranking government officials : here in romania , they banned camera quadcopters because they were used by journalists and activists to photograph the huge mansions of politicians . 
  so now it 's ok to use on public land a quadcopter without a camera , but if the same quadcopter has a camera , it 's illegal . 
  you can tell someone 's religion just by looking at them ? 
  should i send you my picture , so you can tell me what religion do i have ? 
  do you realize that many of the anti-israel protesters are not muslims ? 
   why are people supporting palestine ? 
  because the israelis killed thousands of children the last decade and they consider that 's an acceptable cost . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  i want yugoslavia back . 
  my yugoslavian friends from serbia , croatia and slovenia keep talking about how great was yugoslavia even though they are probably too young to remember it . 
   not really strange when the same people are 100 % in support of israel not every jew is a supporter of israel . 
  i know quite a few jews ( generally left-wing ) who want a peace plan , not a perpetual war . 
   yes , it is - they elect their leaders just like any other so called democratic country and the citizens must take responsibility for what their leaders do . 
  if not them , then who ? 
   turnout was only around 50 % and the right-wing/religious coalition ( now forming the government ) only got 54 % of the votes . 
  the responsability lies with the people who took the decisions ( i.e. 
  politicians and the military ) , not the citizens of the country . 
  we have way too many people confusing what the israeli government does with the local jews . 
  it 's not the fault of the local jews !, 
  it 's not the fault even of all the israeli people !, 
  but then , the same happened with the muslims after 9/11 ... 
  the moldovans signed their association treaty with the eu , so they did n't want in the customs union .
