  the law says that you 're allowed to vote wherever you want , there 's no need for a registration and there 's no check to see if you 've voted anywhere else , so you can simply vote in another polling station without a problem . 
  but yeah , it 's all my imagination . 
  of course i know how democracy works : having dead people voting , people paid to vote dozens of times ( parties busing people around the country to vote in each village ) and other kinds of election fraud ( including local authorities conditioning welfare payments to vote for a certain party ) . 
  afaik , there were no polls about ceta , but there were polls about ttip and other such trade deals and most people disagreed with them . 
  or maybe they understand that this kind of `` free trade deals '' are not in their interest . 
  if they were only about free trade , there would be no problem , but it gives foreign corporations ways to pressure governments to do one thing or another . 
  and polls are pretty clear about these trade deals . 
  [ for instance , in germany , only 17 % of the people think ttip is a good thing . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-usa-trade-iduskcn0xi0at )  are you calling people dumb , buddy ? 
  that 's a funny way to make a straw man . 
  the german and french governments want to have all the power , they will not give up on it . 
  this is why they like the current arrangement . 
  if no changes were made , then there were blackmail and/or bribes involved . 
  the majority of people in most european countries are against this kind of trade deals , but it 's a good we 're living in a post-democratic world , so the opinion of the people does n't matter . 
  as long as the majority of corporations support them , it 's enough . 
   something within ceta must have changed , right ? 
  amost certainly , nothing changed within ceta . 
  most likely secret services brought their blackmail forward . 
  the wallonian government has learnt their lesson and they 're not going to do it again . 
  the point is that sometimes , local parliaments and governments may do something that is in the interest of their voters . 
  it may not happen often , but it happens and the big corporations do n't like this one bit and they want to be able to punish these governments , to make sure that it will never happen in the future . 
  any trace of democracy that still exists in the world must be utterly destroyed and these `` free trade '' treaties are one way of doing it . 
  you need a lot of wine to survive during those long conclaves . 
  also , systembolaget has a great selection of wines . 
  actually , russians do n't say they do n't have gays . 
  it 's the iranians who claim that . 
  they complain diplomatically about that , but they wo n't stop business for that . 
  russia is a very rational actor trying to play the role of an irrational actor . 
  they are pretty good at it . 
  this is not a new strategy , it has previously been employed by both sides during the cold war . 
  the difference between them and china is that china actually cares about having a good image abroad , which is why they want to be seen as rational . 
  china does not have any country with which it is not willing to do business . 
  they do n't care about politics , geopolitics , ideologies , religion or anything else : they 're willing to trade with you , no matter what . 
   while this is nice , i ca n't wrap my head around why china would do something like that . 
  today , china 's goals in europe ( just like in africa or south america ) are purely related to business . 
  maybe it will change in time , but now geopolitically they care only about asia . 
  they want to buy/rent agricultural land in ukraine and get the good will of the people and government . 
   someone was handling some fuel and messed up [ video of the incident . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqws0ew77we ), 
  what is sad is that * young people * disregard the importance free speech , from the radical left on to the right-wing . 
  for instance , i keep seeing leftists here on reddit who argue that `` freeze peaches '' is a `` liberal '' value that allows fascists a platform . 
  i 've even had to debate with an `` anarchist '' who argued that anarchism does n't allow free speech . 
  i showed him some quotes from bakunin , kropotkin , etc. 
  about the topic and he said that it 's irrelevant what `` dead white men '' said ... 
  similarly , the alt-right ( basically , a brand of neofascism ) brings violence and intimidation into political debate , which is also a form of censorship . 
  not * that * desperate . 
  we just need a way to convert kebab to gyros . 
  probably it can be done simply by adding some pork into it . 
  actually , vlad dracul is vlad dr\u0103culea 's ( the impaler ) father . 
   there hardly will be any consequences for the walloon economy regardless whether they vote yes or no . 
  the point of the trade treaty was to add new trade where there was none . 
  just because now canada does n't affect local businesses , it does n't mean that it wo n't in the future . 
  alabama is second-to-last state in the us . 
  ( thank god for mississippi ) romania is second-to-last country in the eu . 
  ( thank god for bulgaria ), 
   seems quite limited too in the huge region . 
  people often fail to understand how huge siberia really is . 
  as a communist myself , i tend to disagree with it . 
   the memorial of the fallen soldiers of the free corps denmark do you think that memorial would have existed if they would have been involved in massacres of jews ? 
  in the bucharest pogrom , they killed jews and they hanged them on hooks in an abbatoir in a mock-kosher way . 
  back in romania , the same guys were also jew killers , involved in pogroms against jews . 
  i ca n't tell that . 
  from what i understand , it was meant as a critique of the fact that fascist monuments are still there . 
  i think they expected some outrage , but not as much . 
  for example , in a suburb of madrid , there 's still [ a monument dedicated to romanian fascists ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/ro/f/f7/monumentul_de_la_majadahonda.jpg ) ( iron guard ) who died fighting on franco 's side . 
   was it a symbol against the dictatorship if it was a symbol against the dictatorship , it was a stupid one . 
   to pay respects and to commemorate poles that had been , killed during that time . 
  as long as the ukrainian government does n't condemn the ukrainian groups who were allies of the nazi and massacred poles , it does n't mean anything . 
  commemorating the ukrainian anti-communists without detailing whom of them should be commemorated means commemorating the ukrainians who killed 100.000 poles . 
  you can not sign a treaty without us . 
  * individual eu countries can not sign trade agreements with third-party countries , this is an exclusive competence of the eu . 
  * trade agreements must be ratified by all the eu countries . 
  the romanian wages are in romanian lei , the bulgarian ones are in bulgarian leva , the greek ones are in euro . 
  * bulgaria : 936 bgl = 478 $ * romania : 2874 ron = 638 $ * greece : 1127 $, 
  you 're putting words in my mouth . 
  i did n't say this . 
  ... and they 're still less poor than romanians and bulgarians . 
  i 'm pretty sure britain will remain in europe . 
  the ecuadorian embassy in london where assange lives is in europe . 
   it 's more efficient famous last words in the german world : * switzerland : `` it 's more efficient '' * germany : `` i was ordered to do it '' * austria : `` it says so in the rulebook '', 
  let 's put sanctions on the us , too !, 
  this is why the us is trying to do whatever it can to stop the creation of a eu army . 
  the uk [ already announced ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/britain-will-veto-eu-army-says-defence-secretary-a7313081.html ) that they would veto any attempt to create such an army . 
   either fall in line or leave . 
  this was a very popular idea of dictatorships . 
  for instance , the slogan of the brazilian military dictatorship was `` brasil , ame-o ou deixe-o '' ( `` brazil , love it or leave it '' ) , with the subtext that if you do n't support the leadership , you do n't love the country . 
   most of us are happy enough . 
  just because you are happy with the corrupt political and economic system , it does n't mean those of us who are unhappy should not have the right to voice our dissent . 
  of course . 
  also , no one notices the elephant in the room : american meddling in european politics . 
  either better at being junkies or worse at screening ? 
  most `` luxury apartments '' in big cities are not actually inhabited at all . 
  they are simply bought by rich foreign and domestic investors to `` park their money '' . 
  an apartment in london , new york city or , in this case , berlin will always be worth something , so some rich people want to have some of their money in such assets , so that they would not be broke in the case in which the stock market will go down . 
  you can argue that it 's not in the interest of the local community to convert buildings into wealth reserves for the rich . 
   we are 70-75 % latin , 10-15 % slavic , that 's only because we imported many french words in 19th century . 
  before that , we had more slavic words than latin words . 
  ( even though the latin words were typically more common ), 
   vladimir putin lies . 
  blatantly .
