  you can use riot gear to repress a small group of people , but now when you have hundreds of thousands of protesters . 
  same here in romania . 
  also , when negotiating the salary , usually the post-tax value is discussed . 
  the romanian economy is very `` eurized '' , so it 's often that people talk about their wage in euros . 
  i have my wage in euros and updated every 6 months to romanian lei . 
  the average monthly wage is : * 2395 lei ( 541 $ ) - pre-tax * 1735 lei ( 392 $ ) - after tax, 
   do n't eastern europe look up to america it depends on the country . 
  poland , baltics , romania and albania are mostly pro-american . 
  other countries like slovakia and bulgaria are more cautious . 
  czech republic and hungary are very cautious . 
  ( czechs refused to allow any american troops to stay , while hungarians are warming towards russia ), 
  * where 's the translation in english ? 
  i doubt japan , with its dwindling population needs more land . 
  ukraine wo n't get into nato as long as there are no clear relations with russia . 
  nato will only admit members which increase the security of the existing members . 
  when the other eastern european countries joined nato , the total power of the alliance increased without adding any liabilities . 
  ukraine is currently an island of instability , with a civil war raging . 
  adding it to nato will only decrease our security by drawing nato forces into its war . 
  of course they are not valuable professionals if you do n't pay them like valuable professionals . 
   also , teachers yes , teachers . 
  paying 200-300 $ / month to a teacher is a disgrace . 
  very anarchist of you !, 
   the biggest thing that happened here was cutting state employees wages by 25 % . 
  that meant that the best people left government jobs to work in the private sector . 
  never get against the current of a reddit circle-jerk . 
  the president of romania does n't have many relevant powers , so even in the unlikely event she wins , she 'd still not be able to do much about corruption . 
  also , she 's very abrupt , which is not a good quality for a diplomat . 
  ( the president has many attributions in foreign relations and the relations between institutions ) she 'd make a better minister of justice , but the problem is that due to ideological reasons , we could have her only in a ultra-neoliberal government , like the one that fell when they wanted to privatize emergency healthcare . 
  also , not all sections of the great wall are in the same state as those near beijing visited by tourists . 
  some are in various states of disrepair , although the chinese government is trying to preserve and restore them now . 
  most romanian words related to feelings are of slavic origin : * a iubi = to love * drag = dear * dragoste = love * prieten = friend * mil\u0103 = compassion * jale = sorrow * veselie = joy etc. 
  ( that 's a romanian `` da '' , not a russian `` da '' ), 
  and food . 
  industrial diamonds are synthetic and produced by western firms . 
  the sanctions that the russians imposed on themselves ( import restrictions ) were much tougher than what the eu imposed . 
  in other unreported news , the russian fsb has a lot of evidence related to b\u0103sescu 's corruption that might reach romanian prosecutors if he does n't say what he should . 
  b\u0103sescu 's mandate is ending in a few months and with it , so is his immunity from prosecution . 
  so now he 's in damage control mode . 
  it does n't fit the `` blame the immigrants '' slogan . 
  actually , spaniards are one of the most tolerant people towards gay people , unlike the greeks . 
  exactly , we need a european directive making the government publications of all governments public domain . 
   500 million for reconstruction and additional 25 million for refugee housing that wo n't be even enough to pay for ukraine 's debt interests . 
  if all norwegian borders were closed , you 'd definitely get enough food from inside norway . 
  the problem is that this includes [ 1.3 million tons of salmon and trout ] ( http://www.fisheries.no/aquaculture/aquaculture/#.u_kcqeg0pns ) , so you 'd probably get sick of it after a while . 
  that makes it on par with countries like the netherlands . 
  but agriculture is not only done on arable land . 
  for instance , cows can graze on land that can not be used for other kinds of agriculture . 
  norway is self-sufficient in milk , butter and other such products , using a rather elaborated state-managed distribution system . 
  norway also is a big producer of aquaculture fish ( especially salmon , most salmon sold in the eu is made in norway ) and there are all kinds of other food like moose meat . 
   is the 3 % arable land even enough to feed yourselves ? 
  yes , norway has a low population ( 5 million ) and a large area ( 385,000 square km ) . 
  the point of norwegian protectionist policies is to preserve their agriculture . 
  there is no way that norway can be competitive on european level . 
  it 's not just their high wages , but mostly their climate . 
  because of this , their productivity is lower and their costs are higher than a country with mild climate like france . 
  any eventual eu entry would require a `` bad climate exception '' to the cap regulations . 
  czechs can join it , but they do n't want it . 
   my guess is that the postcommunist politicians were n't really anticommunist they were against communism as ideology , but not against the regime because they were part of the regime . 
  basically , after the revolution , we kept virtually the same politicians in power , but they just changed their ideology to capitalism . 
  from the eu , italy ( # 49 ) , malta ( # 51 ) , hungary ( # 64 ) , croatia ( # 65 ) , greece ( # 99 ) and bulgaria ( # 100 ) are beneath the us in press freedom . 
  romania ( # 45 ) is just slightly ahead of the us . 
  short story : because it was mandatory and mandatory in a totalitarian regime is more stringent than mandatory in a liberal democracy . 
   some eastern european countries started after wwii from quite a bad shape ( very low level of education for the masses ) , but they focused on stamping out illiteracy as part of their creation of the new `` communist man '' . 
  in romania , in 1948 , almost a third of the adults were illiterate , but , within a decade , more than 4 million adults had taught to read and write and adult illiteracy was officially stamped out . 
  the state had a lot of power and it was quite intrusive , so there was almost no way for children to avoid state schooling . 
  ... and romania is at least three countries in one . 
  virtually all eastern bloc countries had higher literacy rates than western european countries . 
  some western european countries fare quite badly ; for instance , portugal has only 95 % literacy rate . 
  yeah , but we 'd have a dacia for romania , an audi for germany , a toyota for uk , etc. 
   how do you export radio transmission ? 
  probably it was the category for cellphones . 
  nokia used to have a factory there , but they closed it down . 
   w\u00f6rk . 
  it 's not just work . 
  it 's far more complicated than this . 
  there are a lot of factors , some of which are internal ( oligarchy , corruption , lack of solidarity inside romania ) , others are external ( corruption generated by foreign companies , the eu rules do n't allow many things , such as encouraging domestic industry ) . 
   and is n't romania an oil producer ? 
  our national oil company was privatized . 
  our politicians got some huge bribes , the austrian omv company got a majority share in petrom for around 700 million $ . 
  the annual profit of petrom is around a billion $ . 
  basically , they got their investment back 5 times since the privatization . 
  now , of course , petrom only owns the oil extraction infrastructure , chemical plants , gas stations , etc. 
  the oil is the property of the state , but the state gives it to petrom for 5 % in royalties . 
  omv and other european and american oil and gas companies have to pay once in a while some hefty bribes to keep it this low . 
  for comparison , norway takes 81 % of the oil profits . 
   wiki says the median wage is 395 $ : that 's the average wage , not the median . 
  the median wage is the wage for is right in the middle : half are bigger , half are smaller . 
  some large wages are bringing the average upwards , but those few wages are n't affecting the incomes of the regular romanian , so the median is a more appropriate measure . 
  for instance , if there is one 2000 $ wage and 10 wages of 200 $ , the average is 363 $ , but the median is 200 $ . 
  yes , but they saw geopolitical independence as a way to obtain freedom , justice and prosperity . 
  what else to do with swedish vodka ? 
   when the country gets back on its feets and the incomes raise , many people move back . 
  but in the current european system , we ca n't get back on our feet . 
  the people who left are never going to come back , they 're assimilating in their new countries . 
  many of their kids already no longer speak romanian , they speak spanish , italian , german , whatever . 
  they have no reason to come back . 
  the median wage here is around 250 $ / month , which is a deep poverty wage ( foodstuff is pretty much similar in prices with the other eu countries ) . 
  more than a third of romanians get under 200 $ / month in wages . 
  in the meantime , romania is getting increasingly old . 
  we already have more pensioners than employees .
