  * `` da '' is not found in aromanian, 
  yup , it 's the only solution to this problem that is acceptable to our oligarchs . 
  of course , we can make europe more like sweden , but that 's impossible , it would mean lower profits and power to our elite . 
  the biggest chance was in the 1850s . 
  the greek patriots were allied with the russians and they had a strong case for reconquering constantinople . 
  however , the western powers ( britain , france , italy ) intervened on the ottoman side to prevent a rise of russia in that region . 
  more than 120,000 westerners ( mostly french and brits ) died in order to defend the ottoman empire during the crimean war . 
  perfect , europe can import people from there . 
  1 billion of those can come to europe . 
   people used to have more kids especially before widespread and reliable contraception . 
   they had far , far less public services available to them in the countryside , having more kids meant more chances someone will take care of you when you 're old and you can no longer work . 
  they are !, 
  they came 800 years ago here . 
  i may say you 're a dreamer , but you 're not the only one . 
  i 'm in stockholm for two months . 
  i knew better than to believe all this anti-immigration racist propaganda that goes on / r/europe and other such places , but i did expect some part of it to be truth . 
  i was wrong . 
  the huge social problems that are in france are not visible here , even though there are definitely more immigrants . 
  according to imf , there are only six countries richer ( in gdp per capita , nominal ) than sweden : * three are resource-rich countries : norway , qatar , australia * two have special statuses for businesses ( banking , hq for companies ) : luxembourg , switzerland and only one is a normal country , without resources : denmark . 
  why are you reading a neonazi website is beyond me . 
  yup , there are a lot of central asian immigrants working in moscow and st. petersburg . 
  most of them are from tajikistan , uzbekistan and kyrgyzstan , whose economies crashed after the fall of the soviet union . 
  kazakhstan is still doing well because they have natural resources . 
  ... and the romanian roma people begging in front of every supermarket in stockholm . 
  anarchism does n't want to abolish public services , they just want to change the way they are organized . 
  this is not a special kind of anarchists , this is anarchism . 
  anarchism had already a century of history by the time ayn rand and murray rothbard came up with this idea . 
  also , anarchists are not `` crypto communists '' , they are communists , just that they 're not marxists or leninists or whatever form of communism they had in soviet union . 
  that 's pretty much what civilized society means . 
  for instance , if you throw toxic waste in a river , even an anarchist society would force you to install a filter or to stop it altogether . 
  it 's a bit cold in sweden this time of year . 
  the red/black flag means [ anarcho-syndicalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anarcho-syndicalism ) . 
  yes , they did . 
  but they lost not against the nationalists , but against nazi germany and fascist italy . 
  no matter how brave were the anarchists , the germans and italians had way too many people and equipment -- remember how nazi germany 's luftwaffe bombed guernica . 
  anarchism was not meant to be capitalist . 
  the original leaders and ideologues of the anarchists ( proudhon , bakunin , elis\u00e9e reclus , errico malatesta , emma goldman , etc. ), 
  were anti-capitalists . 
  proudhon , the first person to call himself `` anarchist '' , is famous for the slogan `` property is theft ! '' . 
  the principle you 're saying is just an addition for the american capitalists who called themselves `` anarcho-capitalists '' , even though they have nothing with the original movement . 
  communists and anarchists pretty much had the same goals , but the difference was in the way to do it . 
  anarchists argued that a powerful state ( like the communists wanted ) would never give up its power . 
  ( which proved to be true in soviet union ), 
  why nazi ? 
   further new state structures will emerge and ultimatly you will relive all the time periods of human kind that 's a danger , but it can be mitigated through anarchist structures and generally through implication of the masses in politics . 
  you can have the same argument about democracy : that it will turn the ruling class into a despotic/oligarchic class if people do n't care . 
   and if you got neighbours , yeah good luck convincing them not to invade you . 
  anarchism does not mean not defending your land . 
  also , not having a rigid hierarchy does n't mean you ca n't set up a good defense : you can see the way the anarchist militias were organized in 1930s spain , which , for some time , were pretty effective against the nationalists . 
  you misunderstand anarchism . 
  it does n't mean `` no rules '' or `` no organizations '' , it 's just a different way of organizing , a different way of distributing power and prosperity . 
  it 's one of the marches in stockholm , of anarchists . 
  there were a lot of them , perhaps 5k . 
  apart from this , there were some other events organized by the social democratic workers ' party , left party , feminist initiative , etc. 
  during the late 30s-early 40s : * poland had no problem taking a part of czechoslovakia * hungary had no problem taking a part of romania * bulgaria had no problem taking a part of romania * romania had no problem taking a part of ukraine etc. 
  the soviets signed the ribbentrop-molotov pact just to give them time to build up an army and some buffer space in case of invasion ( eastern poland ) . 
  unbeknown to hitler , the first thing stalin did after signing the treaty was to invest massively in building factories for military hardware , built in the east , due to the expectation that the germans will invade . 
  hitler expected that the ussr was weak and that 's why they wanted peace , but in the meantime , it started producing more tanks and more planes than germany . 
  so it 's ok to commend collaborators of the nazis because they fought soviets ? 
  should that list include collaborators of the communists because they fought nazis ? 
  i blame the freemasons !, 
  yes . 
  in v\u0103lenii de munte ( a small town in romania ) , they demolished [ a 19th century heritage building ] ( https://elenushu.files.wordpress.com/2010/05/primaria-valenii-de-munte.jpg ) to build a lidl store . 
  there 's no question that they bribed the local authorities in order do to this . 
  that 's before taxes . 
   nor is it our responsibility . 
  upholding the law is the duty of the local government according to dutch ( and american , british , german , etc ) law , it 's illegal for a national to bribe a foreign official . 
  but this law is rarely applied . 
   i also get no money out of it you do , indirectly , through : * services provided by the state of the netherlands . 
  dutch mining corporations pay taxes on their african incomes in the netherlands . 
  * jobs for the dutch administration of those companies . 
  typically only the grunt work is kept in africa . 
  all white-collar jobs are in the home country . 
  if they can afford , they should be forced to build one . 
  if not , the state should build one for you . 
  it 's a matter of public health and environmental protection . 
  if they can afford , they should be forced to build one . 
  if not , the state should build one for you . 
  it 's a matter of public health and environmental protection . 
  there 's a big difference between finland and romania : the countryside of finland is very sparsely populated . 
  in romania , the outhouses pollute the groundwater , which is why romania 's groundwater one of the most polluted in europe . 
  pretending we 're not part of the problem is absurd . 
  it usually works like this : * western minerals corporation ( `` corp '' ) bribes african leaders to get concession . 
  * since the state does n't get enough revenue , the state is weak and can not even protect property . 
  * as such , corp pays the strongest local thugs to protect them from other thugs . 
  * the thugs ( armed with the money from corp ) fight other thugs for the supremacy within an area . 
  we can fix the problem by starting to investigate the corporations and the bribes they give . 
  however , it is not in the west 's interest to fix this because we get huge amounts of money out of these deals . 
  that 's not at all surprising . 
  an internet subscription costs 10 $ / month , a second hand computer is 50 $ , both of which are affordable for a minimum wage worker ( 200 $ / month ) . 
  running water ( requiring an electric water pump , since there 's no municipal water system ) and a water closet ( requiring an underground septic tank , since there 's no municipal sewerage system ) may cost more than 2000 $ , which is the minimum wage for a year . 
  they can not afford that . 
  btw , why is it that in stockholm the roma beggars wear their traditional clothes ( i.e. 
  colourful skirts ) ? 
  roma beggars elsewhere in europe typically do n't . 
  are swedes more likely to give money to them if they 're dressed like that ? 
  orthodox pride !, 
  silly papistash and heretics see how balkans raise again !, 
  i doubt alabama has higher hdi than spain . 
  * life expectency : alabama : 75 years , spain 82 years .
