  thanks spain . 
  there are some reasons why fewer than half of the spaniards support monarchy : their royal family is made out of nasty people . 
  corruption , waste , hunting endangered species , they have it all . 
  i meant that the international press is now looking at him . 
  i 'm pretty sure that zhirinovsky is now happy that he 's relevant again . 
  do n't worry about it , some people might not like your government , but no one is going to target americans , even if they have poor taste in clothing . 
   if you look like a tourist , pickpockets might try to target you , but then , these guys can tell if you 're a tourist even if you do n't look like a stereotypical tourist . 
  they called it `` the cross of archangel michael '' and it alluded prison bars . 
  the name of movement , legion of archangel michael ( hence the name of the members , `` legionnaires '' ) is a reference to their christian orthodox-inspired mystical beliefs . 
  the prison bars refer to the belief in `` self-sacrifice '' , which practically meant they had `` death squads '' which assassinated political rivals , after which they went to the police and turned themselves in . 
  `` charles dickens ' novels are our instruction manual on social policy '', 
  do you really think that norway benefits in any way from funding hungarian civil society ? 
   this is very true , but in this particular case the reason ( or more like scapegoat ) was a specific ngo running ecological awareness and general green stuff campaigns that fidesz claims is a shadow organization for lmp i bet their train of thoughts is something like : the norwegians promote environmentalism and lmp is a green party , therefore the norwegians promote the lmp . 
   so they 're basically importing diversity \u2122 and progressivism \u2122 to hungary by financing dubious and shady leftist groups ? 
   they 're not financing political groups , only groups promoting civic participation . 
  also , why would you consider environmentalism , minority rights and focusing on social issues something shady ? 
  norway grants are given for enhancing the societies of eastern europe and make them more like those in scandinavia . 
  this means they 're often given to ngos helping poor people and ethnic minorities ( roma people ) , sexual minorities ( gay community ) , trying to make the people more tolerant , open and fair . 
  they even have a section of grants given to organizations promoting `` social justice '' . 
  it 's quite obvious why the right-wing hungarian government does not like this : orban 's party relies on hate of roma and other minorities to get some votes . 
  the occasional slurs by fidesz leaders against the roma are not accidents , they 're trying to get some of the racists ' votes back from jobbik . 
  so from their point of view , it 's money given to gypsies , homos and communists , which are the enemies of the hungarian nation \u2122 . 
   by allowing countries in such as estonia , poland , romania ... that have not signed on to the european/welfare state economic model do you really think that estonians , poles and romanians do n't want a european/welfare state economic model ? 
  the neoliberal model was imposed on us ; we , the people , did not have a say . 
  we did vote plenty of times for `` social-democratic '' or `` socialist '' parties promising to give us the `` swedish model '' , only to impose neoliberal reforms under the `` there is no alternative '' slogan . 
  why should communists support russian imperialism ? 
  generally , the communists i know are somewhat in-between and not supporting either russia or ukraine , but accepting the right of self-determination of the people living there . 
   you 're arguing for a europe-wide welfare system for healthcare ? 
  yes , i argue for a harmonization in the welfare system for healthcare . 
  i 'm not saying it 's easy to find a middle ground . 
  i think there is a difference between writing a letter to your mp and paid lobbyists who try to corrupt ( with more or less legal ways ) the mps . 
   when you put the government that far from the people and make a small number of people ( 750 in ep ) responsible for 500 + million people the risk of ` lobbying ' like it happens in the us is too big for me . 
  if this is a problem , why not simply ban lobbying ? 
  why not ? 
  why do you think that a federal eu would not be better for everyone ? 
  do you think that the dutch are incompatible italians and bulgarians ? 
  in multinational companies , people from various european countries work together quite fine . 
  why should n't it be possible to be applied in administration as well ? 
  do you think that you 're going to pay more to develop us ? 
  actually , you 're already paying and , may i say , wasting money on us . 
  sending money and letting our local corrupt clique deal with it is not going to help us . 
  these are the towns and cities of transylvania . 
  most of transylvania is quite sparsely populated ( at least for western european standards ) . 
  things that i wish to be europe-wide : * political parties -- this will keep on check corruption within parties in eastern and southern europe * companies -- there should be no need to register a company in each country in order to open offices * healthcare -- it should be better and cheaper for everyone . 
  for instance , when you buy medicine for 500 million people you have the upper hand in negotiations . 
  * defense -- there are a lot of resource redundancies in having 28 militaries , we could get more by paying the same thing * administration -- 28 completely different bureaucracies requiring 28 types of incompatible ways of doing things, 
  yeah , i know . 
  oh , sorry , i said stalin , but i meant hitler . 
   i fixed it . 
  for poles and other slavs , this was a matter of life vs. death . 
  hitler intended to exterminate them . 
  see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost, 
  hitler wanted to exterminate the slavs . 
  assimilate what they considered `` aryan '' and exterminate what they ca n't assimilate . 
  for poles , the nazis ' estimation was that 85 % had to be killed . 
   on russia 's side , the kremlin has appropriated liberal rhetoric to legitimize its intervention in ukraine . 
  putin should call his military intervention something like `` operation enduring freedom '' . 
  at least those begging in downtown oslo are romanians . 
  that is the percentage of people who identify as russians . 
  the [ percentage of russian-language speakers is higher ] ( http://www.russia-ukraine-travel.com/image-files/language-in-ukraine.png ) . 
  the oil fund is investing in shares in a variety of businesses across the world ( with a focus on europe ) , so it will only be affected by the fact that there will be no new money added to it . 
   the boy definitely knew that what he was doing was illegal and wrong there is no death penalty for teenagers stealing a few cans of beer . 
  neither the ussr nor the us wanted anyone to implement `` socialism with a human face '' because that would be an alternative to their economic and political systems . 
  the exact mechanisms with which the ussr and the us controlled `` satellite '' countries was different , but in the end , the purpose was the same : power . 
  the soviets were afraid that other countries might want this , too , and that would make them break free from the moscow control . 
  this is why orthodoxy in both economics and politics was tightly implemented throughout the eastern bloc and other communist-ruled countries . 
  additionally , they were afraid that this could lead to a people 's overthrow of the ruling politic establishment . 
  the americans were afraid that other capitalist countries might want this , particularly in the `` banana republics '' of south america and the less developed countries of africa . 
  also , the soviet life was grim enough not to stir a passion for socialism in the us , but a successful socialist country might make people reconsider their opinions of capitalism . 
  that 's valid for important countries , but small countries have to rely on debt in other currencies . 
  in europe , the debt ( even outside the eurozone ) is mostly in euros , while in other places in the world it 's in us dollars . 
  as we are now we ca n't devalue the currency because most debt in romania is in euro . 
  if we would devalue the currency ( with the wages staying the same ) , many people would no longer be able to pay their mortgages , leading to a bank crisis . 
   the government sold 10-year bonds today at a yield of 200 basis points above mid-swaps , the equivalent of 3.7 percent , the lowest on record for the country ( april 15 , 2014 )    http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-04-15/romania-sells-10-year-eurobond-as-yields-fall-to-record-lows.html  yearly inflation : 1.04 %    http://bnr.ro/ ( national bank of romania ), 
   i think we already do meet the criteria . 
  except for the two years in the european exchange rate mechanism ( erm ) . 
  i did not make up the figures , they were from imf 's report . 
  and it 's not 1/3 of west germany 's economy , but 1/3 of the gdp per capita of west germany . 
  even today , romania 's gdp per capita ( 2013 , ppp ) is 1/3 of that of germany and i 'm pretty sure i can find just as much poverty in romania 's countryside . 
  agriculture is still done with horse and carriage , people still live in crumbling buildings , etc. 
  the gdp is not a good indicator of the problems the regular people face day-to-day . 
  it 's just a measure of the value of the produced goods and services . 
  during the 1970s and 1980s , romania built around 3 million apartments . 
  their value is taken in consideration when computing the gdp , but toilet paper shortages ( and other problems people faced ) have nothing to do with it . 
  the imf uses ppp in current international dollars in their data . 
  one 1980s dollar is worth more than $ 2 today ( due to inflation ) , they take that in consideration . 
  also , it calculated in ppp , regardless of the value of the convertability or the official value given to the currency . 
  the article is using cherry-picked data . 
  for instance , it compares with finland ( which was quite poor at the time ) , not with sweden or norway . 
  gdp per capita , imf estimate , 1989 : * france : $ 17,219 ( 113 % ) * germany : 17,097 ( 112 % ) * uk : $ 15,185 * hungary : $ 9,293 ( 61 % ) * poland : $ 6,154 ( 40 % ) * romania : $ 5,753 ( 38 % ), 
  not really . 
  it was relatively slightly poorer than it is now ( as percentage of the french/british gdp ) . 
  gdp per capita ( ppp , 1925 ) , calculated in 1960 dollars ; * cz : $ 504 ( 51 % ) -- actually czechsolovakia , so maybe it 's not really comparable * fr : $ 893 ( 92 % ) * uk : $ 970 gdp per capita ( ppp , 2013 ) ; * cz : $ 27,200 ( 73 % ) * fr : $ 35,784 ( 96 % ) * uk : $ 37,307, 
  that 's because spain had a very low gdp per capita before wwii . 
  poland had less than a third of the gdp per capita of uk , germany , france or sweden . 
  it would be interesting to see the same thing about oil . 
  the private water-and-sewage company [ veolia water ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veolia_water ) which is in charge of the bucharest water and sewage systems did not respect anything of the investments it promised in the 2000 privatization contract . 
  the contract clearly said that all the paved streets in bucharest were supposed to have water and sewage systems by 2010 , but even today there are hundreds of streets without water ( mostly in the slums ) . 
  however , the company increased the price of water 17 times what it was in 2000 ( last doubling of price during the last 3 years ) , being able to get back home a nice profit of over 20 million $ each year . 
  we 're lucky to have corrupt politicians , so no such rip-off company will be touched , even if the contracts are pretty clear about their obligations .
