  yay , those 20 $ will get us out of poverty !, 
  if we work hard , maybe our great-great-grandchildren will finally be able to get out poverty !, 
  seriously , our wages are poverty wages and many romanians live like in the third world , without running water and sewerage , we have hospitals that have worse conditions than in some parts of africa . 
   its unlikely factories will move again . 
  of course . 
  even the chinese have higher wages . 
  ( the minimum wage in the shanghai region is higher than the one in bucharest ) i see opinions that we have a minium wage too high , because we ca n't compete with bangladesh . 
   they help through remittances , know-how and investments . 
  if they leave for good , they bring their own older relatives , so they do n't send any remittances , nor they do any investments . 
  a part of my wife 's family moved to france decades ago . 
  they were quite successful there ( iirc , they own some buildings in central paris ) , but they have nothing to do with romania and they do n't care about it . 
  their children do n't speak romanian ( they 're fully assimilated in the french society ) and last time they visited romania was 20 years ago . 
  how are they helping romania ? 
  no , do n't tell me that people who meet them will have a better opinion of the romanians because they would n't know . 
  they even translated their name to french . 
  * everything * here in romania is owned by western europeans . 
  * all top 100 exporters are foreign-owned . 
  not even one romanian-owned company . 
  * out of top local brands ( you know , like dacia ) , everything is foreign-owned * all the biggest banks are foreign-owned ( austrian , french , dutch ) * all our resources , including our oil is foreign-owned ( our oil is owned by austrians ) and they pay us peanuts for extracting it ( 3-4 % royalties ) * all the supermarkets chains are foreign-owned ( french , german , belgian ) * all the milk producing companies are foreign-owned ( french , dutch , german , greek ) * all the utilities are foreign owned ( my water and sewerage company is french , my natural gas company is also french , my electricity company is italian , my landline is german-owned , my cellphone company is british , etc. ), 
  they abuse their position as monopolies , doing all kinds of illegal things , but there 's nothing we can do , can we ? 
  we gave them away . 
  * i work for a western company ( coincidently , norwegian ) and everyone i know works for western companies . 
  of course , it does n't matter much if the capitalist is a romanian or a foreigner . 
  the real problem is that all these companies pay peanuts to their employees here . 
  the minimum wage is 275 $ gross/month and around 1/3 of employees get that . 
  the median wage is around 350 $ / month . 
  yes , those people left the country and they helped to develop their new country . 
  this does n't help at all the native country . 
  half of the doctors of romania already left for germany and france in the last 10 years . 
  particularly france funds on purpose its universities to train fewer medical doctors than it needs because it assumes it will get immigrant doctors from poorer countries ( particularly from its colonies ) , which bear the high cost of training a doctor . 
  one-fifth of all medical doctors currently in france were born abroad . 
  if the brightest young people ( who were educated at the state 's expense ) leave the country , how does it help the people remaining here ? 
  the people who left wo n't pay tax here to contribute to their parents ' pensions , leading to a very unbalanced working people/pensioners ratio ( an active worker has to pay for two pensioners ' pensions ) . 
   having a media create a false world is indeed a bit orwellian . 
  we have two medias that create two false worlds : the governments and the mainstream press lie , while at the same time , the alternative `` fake news '' also lie . 
  some people choose to believe the second because they lie in a more entertaining way . 
  i 'd suggest 451 $ . 
  that 's because the school system ( and this is valid everywhere ) does n't encourage you to verify and to dispute the information . 
  they hand you over the information and you are supposed to believe it . 
  if it 's in the book , it must be true . 
  you get used to trust things just because they come from a higher authority ( the teacher , the textbook , the newspaper ) and this habit goes on after you 're finishing school . 
   we do need protection the protection people need is called `` critical thinking '' and the governments do n't want this because people start applying it on what politicians say and do as well . 
  it 's not the first time this happens . 
  some time ago germany tried to stop the * l\u00fcgenpresse * ( `` lying press '' ) . 
   for regular citizen to buy an illegal firearm whereas chechens are not regular citizens ? 
  well , turkey does have a worse rating in the reporters without borders press freedom index than russia . 
  building and running wind farms , hydro plants , solar and nuclear plants does produce co2 emissions . 
  you need a lot of cement to build a dam , and you make that cement by burning lime which emits a lot of co2 . 
  you need steel to make the wind farms , which also produces co2 , etc. 
  that 's obviously not as much as burning coal or gas , but they are still emissions . 
   netherlands the 2nd with natural gas . 
  if you click on netherlands , you 'll see that virtually all electricity is produced by wind at the moment . 
  ( you can also click on the `` wind power potential '' checkbox to see there are heavy winds ), 
  there are definitely more than 3 % . 
  perhaps 30 % , but 53 % does seem too high . 
  creationis is wishful thinking from the romanian nationalist etymologists . 
  it does n't fit the phonetical evolution patterns . 
  what is sad is that the following years during wwi , the leadership of both sides did all they could to prevent similar truces to happen . 
  the generals were afraid that knowing that the enemies are `` human '' , the soldiers will stop fighting . 
  acts of `` humanity '' like this one made many soldiers question whether the purpose of the war was worth the death and suffering . 
  the thousands who did question were executed by their own country for `` cowardice '' . 
  may i remind you that the theft is continuing in romania ? 
  that we still had no honest politicians ever in power ? 
  from the wikipedia page on the [ latin monetary union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/latin_monetary_union ) :  greece also caused problems . 
  according to the bbc , `` its chronically weak economy meant successive greek governments responded by decreasing the amount of gold in their coins , [ 18 ] thereby debasing their currency in relation to those of other nations in the union and in violation of the original agreement '' . 
  greece was formally expelled from the latin monetary union in 1908 . 
  also , several s&t corruption scandals . 
   this does n't happen because austrian companies are corrupt no , it happens because austrian companies are corrupt . 
  not regular people , of course , the people at the top . 
  i asked a friend who is from siberia how they survive in these temperature and she said they wear a lot of furs . 
  it 's a joke about dead people voting in that region . 
   usr , ( new party ) : romania 's version of `` movimiento cinque stelle '' sans the : * euroskepticism * populism * grassroots movement and meetups * anti-imperialist agenda * internal democracy ( candidates decided by the local communities ) * support for public ownership of things like water * gay rights in fact , they have almost nothing in common with m5s apart from anti-corruption and environmentalism . 
  but we do have some oil and we gave it away almost for free to the austrians . 
  ( it 's a tradition : during wwii , we provided the oil in similar way to an austrian 's war effort ), 
  i am a communist ( the anarchist flavor of it ) . 
  apart from being discriminated from getting a job ( like mccarthyism did in the us ) , what else do i deserve ? 
  nope , it was a part of the military , with us support . 
   resulting in the military instituting a provisional government headed by augusto pinochet . 
  are you serious ? 
  you 're defending pinochet 's decades-long dictatorship as `` a provisional government '' ? 
  also , why do you think that us-backed dictatorships are better than the governments that the people actually voted in ? 
  also , even if one is a communist , why should one become a second-class citizen for their political beliefs ? 
   lost focus on what 's important : to defend freedom did the cia ever defended freedom ? 
  when they overthrown or tried to overthrow democratically elected leaders , whose freedom they were defending ? 
  you know , like in iran ( 1953 ) or in chile ( 1971 ) or in haiti ( 1991 ) ? 
  was it russian propaganda when we were fed the lies that led to the iraq war ? 
  the problem is that buying or renting an apartment in the big cities is out of the question for a minimum-wage earners , so much of the rural population prefers to go to work in western europe rather than in bucharest or cluj . 
  it 's about relative poverty . 
  bulgarians might be poorer in absolute levels , but their wealth is more uniformly distributed . 
  quick , before the leadership in the us changes and there 'll be new orders . 
  swedish * fika * or italian * fica * ? 
   i like making cities on one tile islands in civ 5 [ like this one ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b4/male-total.jpg ), 
   how lavrov is a criminal ? 
  [ all their leaders are criminals , ours are heroes . 
  ] ( https://pics.onsizzle.com/their-barbarous-wastes-our-blessed-homeland-our-glorious-their-wicked-2480712.png ), 
  the constitutional court will decide in a few months a case about recognizing the marriage of a romanian and an american . 
  it 's likely it will decide that the state should allow some kind of registered partenership , but most likely it wo n't be marriage . 
  the difference is that there 's no open outside threat in turkey . 
  pkk and gulenists are domestic threats .
