  i can quit my job whenever i want , i can move whenever i want , etc. 
  i have to pay a part of my earnings , but i still have my freedom of movement , of expression , etc. 
   go live in the wilderness . 
  i 'm pretty sure refusing conscription would land me in jail . 
  a mandatory contract ? 
  that sounds much better . 
  exactly . 
  it 's not like estonia or lithuania can , by themselves , stop a russian invasion , regardless of how ready are the people . 
  having good allies is what really matters . 
  this is why i support a unified european army . 
  we ca n't rely always on the americans , their interests and objectives may change with time , like , for instance , if trump gets elected . 
  we need to rely on ourselves . 
  so you give up on your personal liberties to avoid the risk of losing your personal liberties due to a russian invasion ? 
  why support it ? 
  do n't you think it 's some kind of temporary slavery ? 
  conscripted soldiers are generally far worse than professional soldiers . 
  a couple months of training ca n't be better than years and years of training . 
  the reason why countries resort to conscripted soldiers in war is that the professional soldiers , despite their proficiency , are a limited resource . 
  they use it up in the beginning of the war and they need more cannon fodder . 
  i stayed two months in stockholm and lived in an apartment building built in 1942 . 
  there are not many apartment buildings from 1942 elsewhere in europe . 
  all resources were used up by the military . 
   its a shitty salary for a lot of hard work maybe they should try to fix the `` shitty salary '' part instead . 
   do n't knowingly assist illegals in being illegal exactly , they 're not people , they 're illegals . 
  one dose of vowels to be used intravenously coming right up !, 
   facebook users ? 
  really ? 
  it 's silly , as some countries have their own local facebook equivalents ( vkontakte in russia , whatever they have in china ) . 
  well , the solution would be integrating them , but apparently , no one is willing to do that . 
  as a bit of background history : during the communist era , everyone who wanted a job was granted one and this helped integrating many of them . 
  however , ceau\u0219escu gave huge subsidies for families with many children and this meant that the least integrated of them had the most children ( some of them had no jobs and lived off those subsidies ) , so despite the integration efforts , the number of those not integrated increased . 
  after the fall of communism , being at the bottom of the social ladder , they were hit far worse more than the majority . 
  as private businesses replaced public-owned companies , employment discrimination became widespread . 
  the business owners would find plenty of unemployed ethnic romanian , so there 'd be no need to employ roma people . 
  but now i see that that , at least in bucharest , there are more roma people employed . 
  for instance , on some construction sites , i can see the majority of workers are roma . 
  however , in many regions outside bucharest , the jobs are scarce for everyone , so i guess the export of beggars will continue for some time . 
   the police regularly recover hundreds ( ! ), 
  of stolen bicycles you mean like the bikes from brands that are popular in norway that pop up on local romanian ebay/craigslist clones ? 
  yeah , it 's very strange how there are [ 24 ads for second-hand bikes ] ( https://www.olx.ro/oferte/q-dbs-bicicleta/ ) made by dbs ( den beste sykkel ) even though that brand is not available in romania to buy new . 
  that 's what everyone who knew him said . 
  from wikipedia :  everyone who met rasputin remarked on his eyes and how hypnotic they were . 
  his `` shining steel-like '' or `` bright and brilliant '' and `` intelligent '' eyes became legendary . 
  [ 361 ] according to shelley they seemed to emit soft , velvety rays , caressing one almost as one feels the caress of a melodious voice . 
  according to theofan , paul kurlov and count kokotsov he had `` piercing '' eyes ; [ 362 ] to yusupov his eyes were `` phosphorescent '' ; to tamara karsavina he had the eyes of a maniac ; [ 363 ] elena dzhanumova wrote in her diary , `` what eyes he has !, 
  you can not endure his gaze for long . 
   public transit would have to be expanded by an absolute shitload in so many cities . 
  investing money in public transit instead of car infrastructure surely would help solve it . 
  the two mad candidates in the us are far worse than the le pen and sarkozy couple . 
  that 's only because ukrainians are not legally allowed to work in the eu like the romanians . 
  the us will most likely give the weapons so that ukraine will attack . 
  of course , people want a better life . 
  instability and insecurity caused by a war is a powerful motivator to flee . 
  yes , they were integrated easily : they have a similar culture and a language they can learn in a few months . 
  but this also means they will never return to ukraine , especially if it will be a country devastated by war . 
   there will be a millions of people willing to defend ukraine there will be millions of people willing to flee ukraine . 
  [ a million are already in poland ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/poland-quibbles-over-whos-a-refugee-and-whos-a-migrant-beata-szydlo-asylum-schengen/ ) and a couple millions in russia . 
  the deterioration of the situation will just make even more of them flee . 
   not one that is bitterly fighting back for every town . 
  why do you think that the ukrainian people are willing to bitterly fight for every town ? 
  the ukrainian government is very fragile . 
  an increase in casualties will only lead to its downfall . 
  from what i understand , the `` pro-russians '' were still mostly amateurish soldiers , despite the russian support and mercenaries . 
  i really doubt the ukrainian army can withstand some elite russian troops hardenend in combat in chechnya and syria . 
  the escalation would lead to hundreds of thousands of deaths , mostly ukrainians ( including many civilians , because that 's war like ) and the near-total destruction of the ukrainian state , pretty much like it happened in afghanistan . 
  probably many millions of ukrainians will flee to the eu . 
  is it worth it ? 
  for the us , sure , it 's just money , a drop from a bucket . 
  but is it worth it for the ukrainians ? 
  so that we could look at a big ukrainian war as obama 's legacy , just like we think about the iraq war as bush 's legacy ? 
  if you bring more weapons in eastern ukraine , it will only escalate the war . 
  russians have far more weapons and resources than you could ever have . 
  this will lead to even more dead people , even more destruction , without anything good for either side ( ukraine or russia ) . 
  indeed . 
  what we need now in europe is more war !, 
  it 's not about killing people , it 's about costs to prevent the killing of sheep . 
  if there is a wolf population , the shepherds need to buy sheepdogs to protect the sheep from wolves and , obviously , dogs cost a bit . 
  at least in romania , this is the case : socialists ( actually , those who argue for any change in the economic system , including social-democrats ) are putin 's puppets . 
  nationalists ( those who argue against immigration ) are putin 's puppets . 
  anti-nationalists ( those who argue for open borders ) are putin 's puppets . 
  environmentalists ( who oppose polluting mining and fracking ) are putin 's puppets . 
  the christian orthodox are putin 's puppets . 
  people who oppose religion in general are putin 's puppets . 
  it makes up only 7 % of romania 's economy . 
  even by having a high growth rate ca n't make up more than 1 % of the total growth of the economy . 
  also , the tax breaks do n't increase the gdp , they just redistribute the money . 
  gdp ( simplified ) = wages + taxes + profits if you decrease the taxes , you increase the purchasing power of the wages , but the total remains the same . 
  anyway , the reason why it worked like this in romania is because virtually all the big companies are foreign-owned and they bring here only the money needed to pay the workers . 
  the profits are in western europe . 
  when the minimum wage was increased , they simply brought more money , decreasing slightly their profits . 
  this meant an increase in the local gdp and a ( slightly ) decrease in the gdp of the country where the profits are . 
  if we had the business owners living here , then by increasing the minimum wage would mean just taking from them and giving to the workers . 
  at the best-case scenario , it would be zero growth , but in practice , it may have led to a slight decrease due to some businesses closing down . 
  well , you ca n't put complex economics theories in a simple cartoon . 
  in romania the number of employees actually increased between 2013 and 2016 . 
  if that cartoon were true , we should have fewer employees . 
  actually , it might be something unrelated to free market reforms : the minimum wage increased from 155 $ / month in january 2013 to 275 $ / month today . 
  the higher minimum wage pushed all the wages upwards , meaning that people had more money to spend , leading to a boom in locally-produced goods and services . 
  do n't the norwegians have sheep dogs ? 
  people who like the sun and hate the rain/snow ?
