  i mean , you ca n't blame catalans as it 's equally a fault of the central government , but in the politic sphere , catalonia has always been controversial . 
  in the national scene , catalan government has always been pushing for being more different and autonomic than the others and at the same time being very noisy when some other region gets something more or better than them . 
  well , although the grounds of these discussions can be completely legitimate sometimes , the discussions themselves are always very toxic . 
  and this is a fault of all the stakeholders . 
  from my perspective it 's like if catalonia does n't easily give up on anything and the smallest thing is always the greatest grievance , even if it 's not the other parties fault ( e.g. 
  madrid 's motorways are free ... but we fail to acknowledge that barcelona 's motorways were built several years earlier so they had to be financed that way , and that catalonia has devolved powers on the road network so in reality the central government has few to do with it ) . 
  but in reallity the worst part is that both the central governments and catalan government have always fueled these discussions because it : 1 . 
  diverts attention even better than gibraltar 2 . 
  gives votes and point 1 is n't really what spain needs for improving . 
  `` we have n't money for paying the pensions but look what those catalans are doing now !!! '', 
  / / `` we have wasted all the budget in stupid things but the central government is stealing from us !! '', 
  so yes , catalonia improves spain , but not always . 
  brexit did n't happen yet . 
  also probably london will still be high in the list as probably not all banks will move to the same city . 
  the new european regulation allow telecoms to limit the amount of data used abroad so basically your telecoms are lying on your faces and blaming the eu . 
  they just wanted to raise the fees and used the new regulation as an excuse . 
   all the major eu countries allow dual nationality neither germany nor spain allow it on a general basis ( there are few exceptions ) . 
  this is the reason why spain gained so much experience in building public infrastructures !, 
  when building motorways or high speed lines they always try to find a natural path for it , but sometimes that 's not possible and they have to build some long tunnels and viaducts : http://www.acciona-ingenieria.es/imagegen.ashx?image=/media/16938/502.jpg, 
  just to add ... top greenery comes in mid-spring ... from there it starts to dry ... 
  i love to see that green around while driving as it 's usually brown/yellow ... 
  can i please borrow your crystal ball for a minute ? 
  that 's because the plan is working . 
  you are actually a fellow spaniard but you still did n't notice . 
  germans and british ... and it 's pretty annoying because the towels are there the whole day but the persons are n't , so when you go to a guiri resort ( one resort in which most people are foreigners ) and you want to take a bath ... you notice the place is almost empty but there 's no seat availlable ... and most probably you are not going to be in the pool at the same time !, 
  i have no problems removing those towels , but as the place is n't completely empty you can not know which towels belong to the people who is actually in the water . 
  not sure if my place is supposed to be -20 \u00bac or +40 \u00bac , anybody can help ? 
  i 'm stuck at home as i do n't know what to wear for going out . 
  thank you . 
   catalonia is not ~ ~ spain ~ ~ portugal . 
  ftfy, 
  i can see my place in a portuguese map !, 
   you 'll get a uti what ? 
  my anus does n't get near the tap so unless bacterias know how to swim against a current flow it 's safe to use it without sterilizing . 
  good !!, 
  i prefer it when it has loads of chorizo . 
  these are the delivery times for amazon.es if you are premium : * 1 hour ( paid ) deliveries in madrid and barcelona . 
  * 2 hours ( free ) deliveries in madrid , barcelona and their surrounding areas . 
  * afternoon ( paid ) delivery for selected products and areas . 
  * next-day ( free ) delivery to the rest of spain . 
  2 hours delivery is often offered in the biggest spanish e-commerce sites , at least around madrid and barcelona . 
  we prefer shower screens . 
   a way to ocassionally dump excess/less-than-top quality produce not very true ... 
  i often find better quality spanish food abroad than in spain . 
  argentineans bidets are different ... the water comes from inside ... 
  and your genitals . 
  also useful to cut your feet nails . 
  do it !, 
  we are n't that susceptible !, 
   it was hailing very hard hail is much more probable when the surface temperatures are warm/hot . 
  it only hails in summer in madrid so not related to climate change . 
  that 's part of the schengen agreement . 
  afaik polices can chase cars out of their country borders but they have to notify it to the local police immediately . 
  same tag would serve for spain as well . 
  afaik in netherlands it 's legal to have and sell but not to grow it ... 
  in spain it 's legal to have and grow it ( in private ) but not to sell it ( our coffee shops are private clubs where you pay others for growing your weed , not for the weed itself ) . 
  was n't macedonia [ a dessert ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/6nxxlqp8r04/maxresdefault.jpg ) ? 
  nobody expects the spanish punctuality, 
  what ? 
  we have cities in which muslim religious festivities are bank holidays !, 
  more than that ... 
  there are spanish north african cities !, 
  i do n't consider them to be insults but words describing a considerable amount of brexitors ... of course that 's just my opinion . 
  of course there are brexitors that are n't ignorant , stupid , xenophobic or close-minded but i think a lot , if not most , of them are so . 
  unfortunatelly that 's due to decades of experience in counter-terrorism and a couple of big failures to learn from ... 
  i 'm happy with my ford fiesta ... made in spain . 
  will show you an extreme example . 
  i live in an apartment whose southern wall is almost 100 % a window ( floor to ceiling , side to side ) ... if it 's sunny and i leave the curtains open in winter during the day with outside temperatures around 10\u00ba , my living room gets to 32-33\u00ba within an hour , with only curtains , it gets to around 20-25\u00ba . 
  unfortunately , if it 's not sunny , inside temperature is just few degrees over the one outside . 
  [ you ] ( https://pics.onsizzle.com/que-calor-abrirela-ventana-para-oue-entreaire-fresco-\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02-2622944.png ), 
  i wear a jacket with that temperature . 
  [ today ... after work ... ] ( http://imgur.com/sjehbm9 ) ( sorry the pic is overexposed , but the temperature is viewable ) . 
  i hope it 's not in pounds ... 
  do you need us to send blankets ? 
  we are n't using them right now . 
  uv levels ... it 's reported in our weather forecasts . 
  well , it just depends where in spain ... we have very extreme temperatures around ... 
  i do n't have ac in madrid because i rent my home and i do n't want to pay the installation for the landlord , but i do have a portable ac machine and a watered fan ( weather in madrid is very dry , so you can actually decrease the temperature by increasing the humidity ) . 
  the fan does have a current of water behind so it can evaporate lowering the temperature . 
  the solution is n't perfect though ... you have to open a window to use the watered fan indoors ( yeah !, 
  it can be used outdoors ! ) ... 
  otherwise your home becomes a little too much tropical ( humid ) . 
  people do n't exercise at the central hours outdoors , but gyms do have ac !, 
  hooray !!!!, 
   some of us have been [ lucky enough for being able to roam like at home ] ( http://imgur.com/52x3qwd ) since some time ago  i think the implementation from company to company might be different !, 
  but in my case : * incoming calls are always included * calls to my country and to the country in which i am are included * it seems that as a matter of fact , all international calls ( to countries in the free roaming deal , which are a few more than the ones included in the new regulation ) are included while abroad . 
  * i 've had months in which i 've used more data abroad than at home and my company did n't try to overcharge . 
   this was unimaginable some years ago !, 
  because any texting app is excluded from the data counter , not just those two , and if any additional texting app appears , vodafone must include it in the deal in order to not benefit the others . 
   tele2 wow , are they expanding again ? 
  vodafone bought the spanish ( and italian ) subsidiaries of tele2 back in 20 ** 0 ** 7 !, 
  i pay 36,50 $ / month for : 1 . 
  a mobile phone with unlimited calls + unlimited texts + unlimited data for messaging ( i.e. 
  if you send videos or documents through whatsapp or telegram , they are n't counted for your data allowance ) + 10gb of data in `` lte + '' speeds + unlimited data at a reduced speed afterwards ( shitty speed that makes it almost impossible to browse webs ) . 
  and guess what ... ** roaming in usa is included !, 
  an unmetered 300mbps connection at home with a landline with unlimited calls to spanish numbers . 
  to be honest i do have a 50 % discount because i said i was switching all services to another isp because of the price ... 
  this . 
  vodafone spain has been offering free roaming in most europe ( not just eu + + ) and usa in all their tariffs since at least one year ago ( it has been that way for some years , but not in all the tariffs ) . 
  i do n't expect them to remove uk from the deal after brexit .
