  the problem with the euro is that the currency is managed `` globally '' and any change made ( like increasing or decrasing interest rates ) affect possitively to some countries and negatively to others ... this was very clear when the spanish crisis was about to start ( it started later than in other countries ) ... all the measures were terrible ideas for our country , but made sense for the whole eurozone . 
  there are mechanisms to avoid that , but not everybody agrees on them as they would involve a deeper integration which is strongly opposed by some countries ( being uk one of them , who had its opinion on that even not being in the eurozone , but it 's also opposed by other eurozone countries ) . 
  that 's our daily pain ... 
  it 's funny and you know it when almost every british here start their sentences by `` i did n't vote for brexit ... '' as if that were enough for avoiding the shame . 
  i 'll translate it for you ... yes , it 's tax evasion but they made a good excuse to feel better with themselves . 
  not the norm but as it 's true you can not certainly distinguish , just guess . 
  euronews was `` public '' until 2008 ... ( it 's still  40 % public afaik ) . 
  it was founded by some european public tv broadcasters ... 
  something like ... euronews ? 
  edit : typo, 
  i find that it 's just difficult to explain such decision to the electorate ... 
  but for example there are customs between mainland spain and the canary islands ... 
  it 's not such an strange situation to have customs within the same country an for going from ni to the rest of uk you have to pass through a port or airport anyway ... 
  hahahaha i think you are right indeed . 
  to be honest i do n't even remember what were the limits . 
  i only know that i must refrain from driving when drinking more than a clara as i do n't really know how drinks translate to limits . 
   how the speed limit for new drivers works . 
  how long are you a ` new driver ' ? 
  how is the speed limit enforced ? 
  here in spain you are considered a beginer for the first year only . 
  alcohol max is lower and speed limit used to be lower as well ( 80 km/h ) . 
  police can identify you because your car has to wear a big reflective l in the rear window ( if the police stops you and do n't see the l , they can fine you ) , so they could enforce the limit only manually . 
  this means that it was rarely enforced and it only affected beginners speeding over the regular speed limit ( commiting a more serious offence than general drivers ) . 
  cards also have chips in uk now . 
   ( assuming the # # s will make my country obvious haha ) well , i think vauxhall makes it obvious as well . 
  is opel named vauxhall in any other market ? 
  two important differences ... 1 . 
  the most watched channels are the ones aired for free ... 
  paid tv is n't as common in spain as it 's in usa and even if you have paid tv , you watch also the free one . 
  there are n't networks ( or more precisely , networks always broadcast directly without using local stations to broadcast them ) ... local tv 's are n't a thing here and few of them get a significant audience . 
  some voice actors even improve the original voices , but not all the programming comes from usa . 
  rural europe is underrepresented in tv . 
  this . 
  also it 's surprising how much ikea you can fit into a regular car . 
  of course i 'm oversimplifying . 
  my comments are just few lines long . 
  and it 's true that opposed extreme ideologies ( not just left and right ) are n't equal in all their aspects but i 'm referring to how antifas and fascists behave in a very similar way . 
  and i do n't need to read any theory nor any academic . 
  my father was born in a communist authoritarian country and my mother in a fascist authoritarian one and guess what ? 
  it was the same shit for both , and yes , i 'm oversimplifying again in case you are in doubt . 
  in reality , you can be naked in any public space , only some city halls have ordenanzas against it . 
  it 's a revenge !, 
  you already make us wait in your airports because you are out of schengen . 
  sure , there might be other sites used locally but linkedin is the only one covering all of them . 
  no , it 's from that theory that says that extremisms touch themselves even in opposite ends . 
  antifas are the same shit as fascists , the only difference is that they say they are left-wing and they target different people ( what they define fascists , but usually just right-wing people or even not right-wing at all , just people they do n't agree or do n't like at all ) using the same methods as fascists . 
  to me it 's completely the same . 
  is that the new name for the old s\u00c9neca ? 
  mine as well . 
  i had to negotiate the list with my erasmus coordinator at my home university but we reached an agreement and i knew exactly which courses would be recognised when going back home . 
  antifas are fascists by definition . 
  salud is far more common than chinchin in my area . 
  usa has most of the falls and canada has the views . 
  i went there from nyc with a rented car ... once there we decided to go further north and visit toronto . 
  it was worth it but i think you can see the city in an afternoon . 
  i remember everybody accepted us dollars but at a 1:1 rate . 
  canadian quarters are usually accepted in usa at a 1:1 rate as well . 
  i studied both french and english in my high school along with spanish . 
  latin and classic greek were only available for a year or two in the last couple of years . 
  french was optional as you said but the alternative was taking more maths or spanish in case you had troubles with those subjects and you could n't make it within the regular hours . 
  agreed . 
  there are no `` very extremely poor '' regions in spain . 
  i think it just happens that we eat churros most oftenly when we breakfast later and therefore we are more hungry . 
  exceptionally they are also eaten as a `` light '' dinner or as a dessert in fairs . 
  i liked [ el pr\u00edncipe ] ( http://www.mitele.es/series-online/el-principe ) and [ tiempo entre costuras ] ( http://www.atresplayer.com/television/series/el-tiempo-entre-costuras-extendida/ ) ( also on netflix ) . 
  also availlable on netflix as it seems they got into the project ... tve being a public tv could not spend more in the serie but netflix saw some potential so they are injecting a bunch of money to make bigger things in exchange of worldwide streaming rights . 
  agreed , it 's very annoying but people hardly say anything if it 's in the subway or similar ... 
  they use to be short trips , so probably you are going to suffer it only for some minutes . 
  also the public transportation feels different depending on the hour ... 
  in the mornings , trains seems like silent libraries , while in the afternoons people chat and talk louder . 
  some long distance trains do have silence compartment !, 
  but never been to one so i do n't really know how it feels there . 
  there are some of them in the mountains around madrid . 
  yes , with british airways ... they first said that i di n't qualify for a compensation as the plane had a technical issue and `` how were they going to fly with a broken airplane ? '', 
  `` our first priority is your safety , is n't yours ? '', 
  ( well they said this but with the typical english customer oriented slang ) . 
  i answered back saying that it was n't my problem , that i still had the right to get a compensation so i wanted my request to be escalated and that i could understand that shit happens and safety is the most important thing , but that keeping a plane delayed for more than 7 hours and then cancelling it for a flight between the two iag biggest hubs ( madrid barajas to london heathrow ) with around 15 daily flights between them due to a technical issue with one plane having dozens from the same parent company grounded ( and another set of grounded planes in lhr , just over 2 hours away ) was just too much shit and therefore unacceptable ... ( well maybe i did n't write the word `` shit '' ) . 
  in the end , when the flight was finally cancelled i was able to request a change of flight and in the iberia desk they were able to give me a handwritted boarding pass to get the following iag flight wich happened to be another ba flight . 
  it 's interesting how often do flights get delayed by 2 hours 50 minutes thought ... :(, 
  not even all the british understand what 's what regarding your territories ... gibraltar is a uk dependencie and uk represents it internationally , so for us it 's uk ... 
  the way you want to manage things internally is up to you . 
  you also share land border with spain unless you already gave gibraltar back and i did n't notice . 
   i was speaking about ai , stop manipulating my mistake , but i do n't get how this can be considered a manipulation . 
   you keep counting frozen requests . 
  are you a troll or what ? 
  i 'm not a troll i just do n't get what are we exactly discussing and why . 
  i also do n't get why you are giving such importance to these numbers and why you want to count out frozen requests and ... 
  i really do n't understand anything , just wanted to be polite answering you but do n't really get your point on anything , it 's quite frustrating . 
  so have fun yourself too . 
  you are implying that figures did n't move between years and that 's old data so no the one i was mentioning ... also i do n't really know why we are dicussing this as this data does n't have anything to do with my arguments above . 
  you said you did n't know if the cear report for 2017 was already out ... well , it is ... please look page 155 : https://www.cear.es/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/informe-anual-cear-2017.pdf more than half of the pending requests are from european and american countries . 
  stop telling me that this is n't true , tell cear instead . 
  in the case of syrian regugees , in 2016 there were 115 rejected requests , 6215 accepted requests and 1600 pending requests . 
  syrian pending requests are 1,600 according the last reports ( official reports , not by ai ) . 
  there are no official standards but most people in spanish tv speaks in castillian spanish . 
  for latin america they have something called `` neutral spanish '' which tries to use the language in a way that does n't sound strange by most speakers . 
  it 's 100 % understandable with no issues in spain but it sounds weird and clearly latin american . 
  excuse me , what do the unanswered applications prove ? 
  i do n't see the relation that you are implying . 
  first of all , more than half of those applications ( 21,000 according the last reports , not 16,000 ) come from europe and america ( ucranians and venezuelans top the list ) , so their unanswered applications have nothing to do with ceuta and melilla .
