  it 's true that the initial infection of some of them is not funny ( zoister is responsible for chickenpox , and mononucleosis can be strong ) but once you pass it ... reocurrences are not that frequent and easily treatable . 
  that \u00a1 s not an exception at all at least in spanish as it 's 300 kelvin degrees . 
  the `` s '' plural is there but in another ( sometimes ommitted ) word . 
  same in spain , it was named ` tuenti ' . 
  i 'm trying to make people call them popus or populares as santander bank bought popular bank for one euro ... 
  so a beer in a club costs around 3 populares ... not so common but if you say ` eypos ' ( spanish phonetics/spelling ) people will understand it as euros as it 's how the greek spelling reads if you only know the latin alphabet . 
  nyc is n't very well planned , not even manhattan where you can travel by metro ... but only north-south ... east-west travels need to be done by cab ... 
  this indeed . 
  avenues make much more sense , otherwise you have to stop in most crossess !, 
  of course i know that that is not representative of the majority of americans but the majority of americans abide by helen lovejoy 's rules ( `` ohhh , wo n't somebody please think of the children ! '' ) . 
  most social networks come from america and they make us european to abide by that stupid prudery and it 's frankly frustrating . 
  you can not upload nipples or a lot of things that are n't considered dirty in europe to facebook or instagram , you are penalized when using strong language on youtube , etc. . . 
    everybody seems to have a strong opinion on everything even when knowing a shit about the discussed issue . 
   i see a lot of that in this thread . 
   touch\u00e9, 
  take the highway to the following exit ... culture there is different ( with a lot of shared values ) . 
  of course most things are good but there are two things that i do n't like at all ... 1 . 
  a lot of americans seem to have a sanctimonious ( even hipocrital ) vision on life ... in public ... and you discover that it 's just a faccade when you see posting signs in parks saying `` entrance is forbidden for adults if unaccompanied by kids '' . 
  wtf !? 
  although i think this is the root of # 1 ... everybody seems to have a strong opinion on everything even when knowing a shit about the discussed issue . 
  well , but there are hs trains in europe with comparable speeds !, 
  madrid-barcelona runs at 310km/h ... 
   everybody has herpes , mmmkay . 
  yep , that 's basically the approach ... and a lot of people get infected much before having sex for the first time . 
   unfortunately the train speeds ca n't compete with the bullet train what do you mean ? 
  i think $ 90 is expensive for a 200 miles ticket , no matter if it 's by hs train or by plane . 
  in manhattan people started asking me for directions ... 
  i was not a local but i do n't get why on earth people got lost that often if streets where named after consecutive numbers !, 
  we use to make it a little bit softer to my ears ... but when we are swearing we make it even harder than the dutch g. . . in the end it 's the same sound . 
  yes , so annoying and it happens all the time ... 
  as a matter of fact ... madrid ( southern europe ) shares latitude with new york city ( northern usa ) ... so there 's a point ... 
  but then it does n't make much sense because well ... you have much fewer sunshine hours in winter but much more sunshine hours in summer when uv is high and you are getting tanned . 
  of course it can be altered unilaterally by the central government . 
  there 's dozens of examples about this , show me one example . 
   but honestly , the tribunal constitucional is a puppet of the central government , so even the rules do n't matter when you control the arbiter . 
  catalans say that very often but the fact is that the catalan government also sues the central government from time to time ... and sometimes they win . 
  i do n't know what sovereignity is to you , but cas are patently not sovereign . 
  in fact , stating that one is a nation is already political suicide in spain . 
  the definition says that `` the sovereignity is shared '' , not that each state must be sovereign . 
   meh being protected by america is not so bad . 
  that 's because uk is very often more aligned with us than with the rest of europe . 
   from wikipedia :  in a federation , the self-governing status of the component states , as well as the division of power between them and the central government , is typically constitutionally entrenched and may not be altered by a unilateral decision of either party , the states or the federal political body . 
  alternatively , federation is a form of government in which sovereign power is formally divided between a central authority and a number of constituent regions so that each region retains some degree of control over its internal affairs . 
   you see how neither of this conditions are true for spain . 
  neither ? 
  spain comply with both alternative definitions . 
  the self-governing status and the division of power between the autonomies and the central government in spain is constitutionally entrenched and can not be altered unilaterally by either party ( autonomies can be suspended , but only under very extreme circumstances that have n't ever been met ) . 
  just change `` component states '' by `` component communities '' 2 . 
  the sovereign power is formally divided between the central government and the constituent regions ( autonomies ) so that each region retains some degree ( a high degree ) of control over its internal affairs . 
  squared devolution !!, 
  i think the basque country and navarre are the only autonomies that re-devolved a substantial amount of matters even further locally . 
   i do think that the autonomous community should have more autonomy which more matters would you devolve to the basque country ? 
   in fact , i 'm a supporter of a fully federal model for spain . 
  spain is de facto a federal country . 
  only the name would change . 
  i 'm sure there are federal states out there with less devolved matters than some spanish autonomies . 
  should n't be a problem for traveling , unfortunately i think you still should double check your plans as there might be exceptions . 
  * you can ask for some help in airports and train stations for long discance trains . 
  * urban/suburban trains , metros and buses should be ready for you to use them without external assistance ( metro floor matches the platform floor , heavy trains have at least one section at the same level as the platforms , buses have elevator-ramps ) . 
  * not all train/metro stations are accessible street-to-platform ( and vice-versa ) , but most are . 
  there usually are marks in the maps to show which ones are accessible and which ones are n't . 
  * public buildings ( including museums ) should be accessible . 
  i always wondered what would they do if something happened the first monday of the month at noon ... 
   spain = barcelona spain = barcelona = catalonia = not spain so spain is not spain ... lol, 
  i have a dutch debit card ( studied there for half a year ... 
  i will have to cancel it some day ) and it also works all over europe ... the thing is that the way cards work makes dutch merchants to not accept foreign cards at all . 
  basically a card usually relly in two processing networks ( at least one , never saw more than two ) . 
  one is local which might be just for your bank or a group of banks that process those payments ( or withdrawals in atms ) together ( it really does n't make much sense to duplicate this infrastructure as , in the case of a debit card , the processing network basically put in touch the merchant card reader with your bank 's systems ) ... the other network is the international one ... which uses to be mastercard , visa and to a lesser extent ( although not in nl or germany ) ... 
  maestro . 
  other less accepted international networks are american express or discover and their cards are one-network . 
  what happens in the rest of the world ? 
  local and big networks have comparable costs for processing payments ... even some local networks only work for atms , so merchants usually choose to just process payments through mastercard , visa and maestro . 
  american express and discover are much expensiver so they are not that widely accepted . 
  as your bank receives money each time you use your card , the bank usually ( not always ! ), 
  give you the card for free . 
  what happens in the netherlands ? 
  the local network process payments almost for free ... so merchants usually choose to be connected only to that network ... some of them are also connected to maestro allowing them to process payments with german cards . 
  as your bank does n't receive money each time you use your card , it 's more common for dutch banks to charge their customers for having a card . 
  found a picture that solved part of the mistery !, 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6e/2009-06_station_met_zonnewijzer.jpg first hour matches the one in the station clock so it 's the legal time ... also i think i remember zon was sun , so it would make sense the second one to be the solar time , but the differences of time are much higher in this picture than in mine . 
  that 's true up to some extent as mcdonald 's controls everything in their restaurants although they are n't properly theirs . 
  in addition to that ... here in spain autonomies can put two holidays in the calendar , and local entities can put two more ... so ceuta and melilla being autonomous cities can put four holidays in the calendar each one . 
  so in 2017 ... * ceuta has 2 christian holidays , 1 muslim holiday and 1 secular holiday * melilla has 1 christian , 1 muslim and 2 secular, 
  es un juego de palabras ingl\u00e9s ... `` nobody * expects * the spanish inquisition '' . 
  you will find this as shocking as i did some months ago but mcdonalds in spain is switching to another model in which in some restaurants you can only use the kiosks for making your order . 
  there 's always an employee nearby to assist customers not used to them ... then you grab a plastic token with a big number written on it from the machine , take a seat and put the token on the table and after few minutes they deliver your order to your table !, 
  if you want to pay in cash , the machine prints your order and then you have to approach a single cashier in the bar . 
  they also collaborate now with another company which home-delivers food from different restaurants . 
  you mean domestic cards , my spanish debit card is n't widely accepted in netherlands . 
  i think spanish public tv is broadcasted for free on hispasat and maybe astra . 
  that does n't mean that you can not fail with the 10 % rule ... it 's not applicable in spain and it does n't mean that you are insulting someone , nor that we are treating servants like dirt nor that i get spitted in my coffee . 
  i know they have low wages , i worked as a waiter while i was studying and i 'm completely against tips , they should be used as a exceptional gratitude symbol , they ca n't become charity as it is n't the solution . 
  if everybody tips them a 10 % , their bossess would pay them 10 % less and this would soon become usa . 
  if they do n't work under contract they are scamming the whole society , so i 'd like to know , not for tipping them but for not using any service related to that unscrupulous businessman . 
  and by the way , tips are black money , so not funny at all . 
  10 % in tips is more than 10 % of the income non subject to taxation . 
  i do n't get tipped for doing my work and it does n't mean that i 'm treated like dirt . 
  portuguese friends told me that they used to watch some foreign cartoons such as doraemon in spanish . 
  i think rex barked european-wide . 
  here it was `` rex , un polic\u00eda diferente '' ( rex , a different police ) .
