  afaik marks other than the ticks invalidate the vote . 
  also , a lot of ballots for the senate get invalidated ( counted as null ) because people votes more candidates than the ones they are allowed to . 
  if a circunscription has 3 senators and a party has 4 candidates , \u00ecf somebody marks all four then the vote is null . 
  same here ... although the committee does n't release them , votes are counted in public so people takes pictures and the day after the elections newspappers publish some of them and you can find a lot of them in twitter while the votes are being counted during the night . 
  there 's a tradicional null vote ... chorizo in spanish , besides being a food , is slang for `` thief '' or `` corrupt '' so people actually votes chorizos inserting them in the ballot box . 
  sometimes with a list of candidates that they consider chorizos , some other times only the chorizo is inside ... you can see some chorizo-votes on google : https://www.google.es/search?q=voto+chorizo&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch, 
  sure !, 
  votes in spain are counted in public by randomly chosen citizens ( that custody the ballot box all day long ) . 
  this is the spanish equivalent to be cited as a member of a jury in the american films ( well , you can be cited as a jury as well in spain , but jury trials are extremely exceptional so it just does n't happen ) ... everybody tries to get rid of it but it 's a serious offence to evade it ... as a matter of fact if you do n't show up , the police can go to your home to wake you up and carry you to the voting place ( they wo n't use the force , but if you do n't show up at all you can face a 3 months to 1 year prison sentence ) . 
  as anybody can see how the votes are counted , they can see if they have some pre-agreed mark to confirm if somebody has voted as expected ( i.e. 
  if the vote was bought or the person was coerced ) . 
  the parties have representatives in each table and they can take a very close look to the votes as they can challenge any single vote . 
  not a huge problem afaik , but the secret vote must be guaranteed and non-allowed marked votes is one of the reasons this is n't a problem . 
  also , any party in an electoral table can ask the president to refuse a vote if they think the person is being coerced . 
  if the president of the table decides to refuse the vote , it 's discarded and the person is asked to fill a new envelope in private ( never seen this happening thought ) . 
  did n't spot anything strange for spain , but i 'm from madrid and it became a brown point in the map hahaha . 
  this is a good source for spanish roads : http://imagizer.imageshack.us/a/img924/7787/tp3voz.jpg this is the guy making that map : http://www.geotren.es/blog/indice-general-del-blog-geotren/ ( he puts more effort in the railways map ) . 
  same in spain . 
  marks invalidate votes as it 's a way of recognizing bought votes . 
  well , i think popular had 4,196,858,000 shares so i do n't know how are they going to divide $ 1 by 4,196,858,000 ... somebody told me that perhaps that euro will go to the first bank 's creditor . 
  well ... now popular is santander, 
  i wonder who is santander paying $ 1 to ... 
   i feel that banks like barclays , unicredi , bnp paribas , etc. . . tend to be considered as `` more important '' and `` bigger '' than santander . 
  maybe in general terms , but i think that 's not the case for retail banking . 
  edit : retail + consumer ... 
  huray !, 
  let 's go to ikea to eat some meatballs , 
  probably . 
  i live in madrid and we have a `` continental mediterranean climate '' around which is a mix between continental and mediterranean climates made a little bit extreme ... 
  it can easily get to -5 \u00bac in january/december ( although it rarely snows as it only gets that low when it 's very dry ) and up to a little bit above 40\u00bac in july/august . 
  remember that temperatures are measured in the shadow . 
  25\u00ba / 26\u00ba of course is not cold and the way it feels depends a lot on the wind , but i would n't generally say it 's warm until something closer to 30\u00bac ... and above 35\u00ba it 's hot . 
  it depends on the cost of the energy ... if electricity is cheap enough , heat pumps make sense ( they are very efficient ) . 
  they have some disadvantages as well ... 
  really ? 
  i do have to wear a jacket when it 's 25\u00bac and i 'm not moving . 
  lol ... it 's next to teruel haha, 
   except letter for letter laws have been passed by other communities without any condemnation . 
  you can find some examples ... 
  i invite you to show some examples . 
  but if you try to pass these laws that often , then of course there will be somebody taking a look to all the laws that you are producing . 
   you are aware that the one sending our democratically elected laws to the tc is n't the generalitat yes ? 
  of course . 
  it 's the central government to which those laws try to devolve competencies in a unnegociated way . 
  there are at least two parties in a trial ... nothing new . 
  as i said , catalonia also sues the central government in the tc from time to time because a central government law is against a devolved matter and the tc has also turned down law passed by the central government for this reason . 
   and i 'm not even getting into the fact that most of our politicians are being prosecuted for allowing debates or consultations , which in any other european country just for suggesting this they 'd laugh at your face and call you a fascist . 
  you are speculating , please bring facts . 
  who is being prosecuted ? 
  why ? 
  which european country has acted differently in the past ? 
  well ... passing laws overriding matters not devolved to the autonomic government is still non-constitutional even if those laws have cute names such as `` law against energetic poverty '' or `` statute of autonomy '' . 
  by the way ... it 's notorious how your politicians make this on purpose in order to the constitucional court to turn those laws down and have somebody to blame using them as a shield hiding their incompetence . 
  what ? 
  do you even understand how the country you are trying to get the independence from works ? 
  the tc ( constitutional court ) is n't ( luckily ) part of any government ... neither the central nor the madrid autonomic one ( which are often confused by the separatists ... you often forgot that the autonomic government of madrid is just like the catalan government but in another geographical location and they both owe nothing to each other ) . 
  if your laws get intercepted by the constitutional court is just because ... they are not constitutional ... by the way , the catalan government also sues the central government when they think that those laws are non constitutional and against their interests ( [ the last example is very recent ] ( http://www.elperiodico.com/es/noticias/economia/constitucional-avala-autoconsumo-energetico-comunitario-6084591 ) ) ... but hey , lets blame the constitutional court because according them we are not always right and we are beings of light that can not be wrong . 
  disadvantage ? 
  which one ? 
  catalonia has more devolved matters than madrid ... 
  furthermore , in an independent catalonia not only madrid would compete with barcelona but also the central government would compete with catalonia . 
   the airport example is self-explanatory please , explain it, 
   spanish government centralism vision fact : spain is one of the most decentralized countries in the world . 
  i do n't know why you continue using that as an argument , and how you can keep blaming spain and madrid for your own problems while taking full attribution of the shared achievements . 
  barcelona would n't be a global city as it is if spain or madrid were as you describe . 
   12 $ buys 5 liters of beer in portugal https://primenow.amazon.es/dp/b01lqax77k?qid=1496667159&amp;m=a2feb302czwhk6&amp;sr=1-0&amp;ref_=pn_sr_sg_0_prc_0_a2feb302czwhk6 ( postal code : 28001 ) 12 $ buys more than 15 liters of beer in spain ... delivered in two hours by amazon !, 
  makes sense ... 
  zero and light do n't have sugar ... the three of them just use different sweeteners being the sugar on the regular one the worst one ( in multiple terms ) . 
  agreed !, 
  i know !, 
  just pointing out that most stereotypes in this map are negative ... to be fair a majority of them use to be negative in this kind of maps ... but i remember them a little bit more balanced . 
  by the way ... 
  i work with british and although they are supposed to be punctual and we are suposed to be impunctual they are the ones that use to be late !, 
  yes , one is talking about reunification . 
  he said cooperation , i said reunification . 
  i bet it is well seen/not badly seen to some degree ... as i said in my earlier comment ... which is very different to being a `` popular opinion '' . 
  it 's hard to fight against that , but as per the other comments by other belgians , the problems seems much worse than that ... 
  all names are quite unusual in iceland ... 
  i know mid-sized cities with more population than their entire country ... 
  wow ... you hate most of europe !, 
  sorry , did n't read your nickname , when i first read it , it seemed like if you were frustrated because those things did n't happen !, 
  hahaha, 
  hetero porn is coma-inducing compared to gay porn ... so yes ... it seems the males prefer seeing it the hard way ... 
   does n't happen . 
  it seems not only the police but also the social services have a lot of pending work around ... 
  oh , c'mon , european far right is at the left of american center ... scandinavia is comunist for american standards ... 
  actually i think a kind of reunification is , to some degree , well seen by both countries ( or at least not seen very bad ) ... the discrepancies are in which form that reunification should take place ( federation , confederation , autonomy , ... ) and ... in stupid details such as `` if we join spain we would have a king ... 
  i do n't want to be a subdit '' ( like if we cared at all about our kings ) ... `` but we do n't have free phone prefixes for portugal ! '' ... 
  and then people realize that we would probably have to merge our football selections and then nobody is in for the reunification . 
  i know they secretly do !, 
  yes , it 's localized . 
  not only that ... you have to attemp the search with the porn mode ( aka incognito mode ) , otherwise your own search historial is taken into account for giving the suggestions . 
  if police knows that 's a dangerous area why do n't they do something about it ( and something is not keeping whites apart so they can not be robbed ) ? 
  probably the situation is complex but it seems it 's tolerated and i do n't understand why would they do that ... 
  context is everything, 
  oh , you ruined the fun ... by the way , tourism is just over 10 % of the spanish economy ... far from being half of it ... another interesting fact is that tourism is [ just under 10 % ] ( https://www.visitbritain.org/visitor-economy-facts ) of british economy ( that includes spanish tourists as well ! ) ... 
  surprise !, 
  acording to you , both our economies consist in sucking up each other !, 
  hahahaha, 
  of course having an overvalued currency is a problem , but it 's bearable .
