  +1 to amersfoort although 5 years later i 'm still confused by that strange clock just outside the station with a weird equation such as 17:53 = 17:01 ( in the picture i took ) ... is one legal time and the other solar time ? 
   if you stick to the 10 % rule you can never fail not true in spain . 
   in some restaurants the price is shown without vat , check if it says `` iva no inclu\u00eddo '' . 
  that 's true , but ilegal . 
  if you fall into that scam just call the police ... the restaurant will probably charge you the price in the menu just by mentioning `` police '' . 
   about the tips , forget about it unless the service is good . 
  100 % true ... and if the service is good ( i mean , much better than the average ) do n't tip a 15-20 % like in usa , that 's too much ... 
  yesterday night i had a really good dinner with a very good service in a restaurant and i left 1 $ for a 35 $ bill . 
  the waiter was very surprised by it . 
  1 $ is a huge tip here !, 
  i think we use more `` madre m\u00eda '' which could be `` oh my mother '' ... 
  it 's been a long time since i last heard `` dios m\u00edo '' ( omg ) , but it would n't sound strange to me . 
  i had one because they switched my meterer to a digital one some years ago ... 
  i have also seen in the street messages anouncing a power loss in that street for some hours in the late night due to some upgrades in the transformer station ... but none of these have ever affected me . 
  you just made me remember ... 
  i have a dutch vlag and once i needed a french one ( do n't remember the reasons at all , but it was just for fun with a french friend ) and just folded the dutch one ... it 's a very versatile flag !!, 
  i think few people here have the spanish one ... 
  i bought mine when we won the world cup and for me it 's sad that people sees political connotations on it out of some very defined contexts . 
  i also have a german one . 
  i only recall one manager that tried to get fired during a couple of years working-to-rule and having a bad relationship with the upper management . 
  he was switched to other departments before . 
  in spain if you quit you do n't have unemployment allowance so it 's not that uncommon to ask your employer to fire you if you want to quit ... they sometimes agree because when that happens they will usually have to fire the employee with valid reasons in the end . 
  out of my work ... one of my friends was fired earlier this week ( the company has been struggling and downsizing for years ) but she is happy because already wanted a job change and did n't have enough time to look for it . 
  what is really common is that they do n't renew temporary contracts . 
  sorry but the eu already interferes with our lifes in a daily basis ... mostly positively ... 
  i was about to say the same !, 
  but well ... it 's much expensiver here ( although there 's a town 5 kilometers away which does have an ice hockey team ! ), 
   gender violence of course that 's a problem , but actually that issue is very small compared to the same issue in other countries . 
  logse guy here ... 
  i also learned about them at school . 
  at least not all the alcohol the swedes buy you is consumed there ... 
  that 'd make sense !, 
   them trying to prevent philip ii of spain to rule over the world and alter much of history ( all beginning with him winning the anglo-spanish war with his spanish armada . 
   wow , i have to watch it , at least that episode !, 
  hahaha, 
  yes , they do n't have interactions , but both ( mostly ibuprofen ) affect to the diggestive system so it 's good to ask the doctor just in case , especially if you have been taking ibuprofen or both for some days . 
  in my case he also prescribed me omeprazole in the morning to protect my stomach . 
  i sweat in the bed + water awakes you . 
  do n't feel bad for that ... there are a lot of factors , the weather or the type of clothes you use are some of them ... in winter i can shower every other day while in summer i can actually do it twice per day !, 
  ( actually i took 2 showers yesterday , in the morning and in the afternoon after the gym ... and then again this morning , although i did it just because a fast shower is often faster than using the sink ) . 
  when i was at college i did n't shower that much , i used much more confortable clothes that did n't make me sweat that much , now i daily wear suit , shirt and tie ... it 's terrible . 
  but if you do n't feel dirty and you do n't smell , then why showering ? 
  in spain bathrooms are electrically classified in different areas with different restrictions . 
  basically switches must be outside ( unless your bathroom is very big ) and plugs must be at a given distance from the shower and be compliant with a set of rules ( e.g. 
  they are limited to 30ma , so it hurts but most probably wo n't kill you if there 's an accident ) . 
  my washing machine is in the terrace ... but probably it 's not the kind of terrace in which you are thinking about ; mine is like a 4-5 m ^ 2 room in which one wall happens to be made of metallic inclined battens so nobody can see inside from outside ( without being too obvious ) and nothing gets wet when it rains ... flats built in the last 10-15 years usually are designed to have it there as it 's the place where you will tent it later !, 
  ( as we do n't usually have those useless dryers that destroy the clothes ) . 
   we make jokes about our g/ch sound all the time , try to teach words with that sound to tourists , etc. 
  lived for half a year in nl and i found it funny as well , not because the sound ( we have our j/g in spanish that is basically the same sound ) but because it 's everywhere . 
  it seemed like if you were always trying to get something out of your throat !, 
  once , just for fun , i started speaking with a spanish friend ... in `` english '' but like if we were reading it as if it were written in spanish ( english words and grammar with spanish fonetics and reading rules ) and a dutch that was in another conversation suddently stared at us and said `` are you speaking dutch ? 
   fully national system here . 
  i understand you wanted to keep it simple ( as it 's much more complex than that ) but i as there are countless ways of implementing a single-payer system , i think it 's worth to note that there are three types of hospitals here : 100 % public ( i.e. 
  run by the government for the single-payer system ) , public but private-managed ( i.e. 
  for profit but in the public single-payer system ) and also 100 % private ( also for profit and out of the public single-payer system ... ) . 
  most people using 100 % private hospitals do so in order to avoid queues ( which are the # 1 problem of national health systems such as the british nhs and the spanish sns ) . 
  my private insurance costs 38 $ / month ( and my company pays half of it and i get it deducted from my taxes ) ... but the cost is that low just because that 's on top of the public insurance . 
  i have the right to use most of those private hospitals and see most private practicioners with no limits and no copayments ( i even get the same 60 % discount for prescriptions as with the public system ) ... 
  i still tend to use more the public system ... 
  i only use the private one when i want to be picky with the schedules as the public system gives you few options and usually you have to wait a couple of weeks for your appointments ( the ones that are not urgent and not with your general practicioner ) . 
  here in spain i think that if you do n't need it , the doctor wo n't prescribe you anything ... although mine did always prescribed me all the things i wanted ... 
  i think i 've always been reasonable , eg . 
  metamizole for the pain when ibuprofen does nothing ... and once i had a stronger than usual flu with high fever and i went to the doctor to see if everything was ok . as i was feeling very bad , the doctor allowed me to combine ibuprofen and paracetamol ... and gave me a 1 year long electronic prescription for ibuprofen and paracetamol `` because it 's always useful to have it '' !! ... 
  those two can be bought without prescription but if it 's prescribed you get a 60 % discount . 
  cable girls is spanish and availlable on netflix ( dubbed and subtitled ) . 
  not a masterpiece but still good imo : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csba8u_oeqm other series i like / liked ( some are current and some did already end ) : * the ministry of time ( it mixes history with a little bit of sci-fi ) * the seamstress ( history and espionage ) * el pr\u00edncipe ( a policeman is assigned to one of the most conflictive neighborhoods in spain ... `` el pr\u00edncipe '' in ceuta , which is a spanish city in north africa surrounded by morocco ... it turns out that the policeman is also a secret cni agent ( cni is like the spanish cia or mi5 + mi6 ) working in counter-terrorism ) . 
  * vis a vis ( this is a remake of orange is the new black ) . 
  if you can prove that somebody made you one of those questions at a job interview in spain , then they would get into big troubles as they can not ask you any personal question , specificly , anything related to your birth ( place , date and circumstances ) , race , gender , religion , opinions or any other personal or social circumnstance or condition . 
  this includes all the questions mentioned by / u/kunstfr in the post above . 
  they can not ask you about your age either ( although they will approximately figure out in the interview ) . 
  there are only two things that bother me about gibraltar : 1 ) it being a tax heaven which i think it 's unloyal competence to the neighboring area . 
  2 ) they took the neutral land as if it were theirs , gained territory to the sea and bully our ships on surrounding spanish waters . 
  i 've entered the uk with my id card so it 's not just schengen . 
  at least there 's a sepparate queue for eu nationals at your airports as the other queues does n't seem to move that quickly and are much longer ( although the eu queue seems to process much more passengers ) . 
  i wonder what will happen with that after brexit as you already have a saturation problem at your borders , at least in heathrow . 
  it did change . 
  when you fly inside schengen passports are only controlled under exceptional circumstances . 
  they are legally considered domestic flights , so nowadays airports inside the schengen area are divided in two areas , the schengen one ( that used to be the domestic one ) and the non-schengen one ( that used to be the international one ) . 
  i studied for some months in the netherlands at a town bordering with germany and the german students sometimes mentioned that if you only get to pass your driving licence at the 5th try then they give you yellow plates ( as dutch plates are yellow and german ones are white ) . 
  you mean that gibraltar is ours again ? 
   i mean , google image `` almohada '' and `` pol\u0161t\u00e1\u0159 '' will show you the difference . 
  that 's more like `` coj\u00edn '' . 
  we use almohadas for sleeping at bed and cojines for accomodate at sofa and decorate both the bed and the sofa . 
  hahaha , i also find very curious the veiculo longo thing , thought i was the only one . 
  there are a lot of portuguese trucks ( and some buses ) in our roads ( and i mean a lot , sometimes you see more portuguese trucks than spanish ones , and i live hundreds of kilometers away of the closest border ) . 
  all vehicles 12 or more meters long must have that yellow and red bordered signal we all know in the whole european union ( either a single long one , or two smaller ones at both sides ) but afaik you are the only ones writting something on it so it makes your long vehicles easily identifiable and your truck invasion much more noticeable . 
  regarding the towels , they used to be much cheaper in portugal than in spain . 
  nowadays it 's just like a joke/tradition as probably most of your and our towels are made in the same place far away from the peninsula . 
  once i was in portugal and bought a couple of trousers that i liked and when i saw the tag i saw `` made in china . 
  imported to the eu by ' a warehouse 2km away of my home in spain ' '' . 
  i was thinking the same . 
  the inquisition and the religious extremism in general . 
  well , law is a career that usually ties you to the country in which you study it . 
  even if you want to specialize im eu law , i think that 's the main point to consider . 
  well , some providers in spain usually give you a few more mbps than advertised to compensate the overhead . 
  i 've never seen it on adsl connections but it 's pretty common on vdsl , coaxial and fiber . 
  another vodafone spain customer here . 
  around 70 $ / month for 300mbps . 
  it 's not simmetrical as vodafone does n't have fiber in my area but coaxial cable ( the price is the same ) so i have 30mbps for uploads . 
  there is n't any download or upload limit ( i think you only see quotas on mobile broadband in spain ) .
