  it 's just that we have more in common among us than with ( random example ) nordics ( and nordics are different from each other !, 
  but they have some things in common ... just as mediterraneans have more in common with nordics than with chinese ) . 
  so i do n't really get your point ... 
  so true ... why would you go to somebody 's place without actually knowing if the person is at home ? 
  i 've seen that a lot in germany ... 
  i remember having to pay to pee in places where i could be considered a customer such as a museum or several restaurants ... 
  i remember that once a girl blocked the door with a remote control to make me pay/tip her for her cleaning . 
  it was really annoying and was like `` do n't german companies pay for their cleaners ? '', 
  why do you think that ? 
  this also happens in spain ... 
  as a matter of fact , ` please ' in english sounds really weird when i think on it ... 
  in spanish we say ` por favor ' which translates to ` please ' but means ` as a favour ' . 
  oh , do they just refuse ? 
  never seen a muslim rejecting it although i noticed that some of them are n't very used to it ... 
  probably ... 
  i use to ignore the milks fridge . 
  sure ... not all banks have that functionality and maybe some of them charges for the cards but yes ... you can create a virtual card with any amount of money on it in minutes . 
  never done it as it does n't make much sense in reality ... they are just for old ladies afraid of writing their card number online but in the real world ( trademark ) merchants must be ready to probe that any single transaction was made by the cardholder , otherwise charges get reverted so if somebody stole your card online and wastes a bunch of money you only have to call your bank to have your money back . 
  the tunnel through the atlantic channel is going to cost an absurd amount of money ... 
  agree , but to be honest , in countries where uht is prevalent , non-uht is often much less visible in supermarkets ( and often in another section as it has to be refrigerated and sometimes there are n't fridges in the milk section !, 
  you can go both uht milk and fresh milk in spain but uht is a much more common option ... fresh milk has to be stored in the fridge and lasts like 2 or 3 days only . 
  yes , fresh milk tastes better but for me it 's not worth the pain ... 
  i 'm single and i can buy a uht milk 6 pack which last for 3-4 months ... once opened it has to be refrigerated but it last one ( if brick ) to three ( if bottled ) weeks . 
  almost nobody knows that anthem and its f % $ % \u00b7 ing hilarious ... 
  well , virtual cards also exist here ... although they are usually prepaid and offered by banks . 
  actually you have bikes , making a lot of infrastructure unnecessary as drivers are used to bikes and therefore it 's safer to share roads . 
  it 's said that our queen is actually republican ( she was in the past for sure ) and atheist ( supposedly the monarchies were established by the grace of god ) . 
  you know what i meant , right ? 
  it 's curious ... in spain it 's legal to produce ( if you can probe it 's not for trafficking ) and own it but not to sell it ... our coffee shops are private clubs and you pay for somebody to grow it for you , not for the weed itself . 
  do n't think so ... `` si habla mal de espa\u00f1a , es espa\u00f1ol '' . 
  your statement is only true with the food ... and well , i 've traveled a lot and i have to say that our food might not be the world 's best as it 's a matter of tastes but it 's very good . 
  canada and mexico ... although mexicans are often left out from the `` north american '' term ... 
  but we are not part of the english speaking world ( which happens to share a lot of cultural differenciations as it matches the former british empire ) , we just happen to speak english . 
  for me north and south america is just one continent ... america ... regardless of the language that i 'm speaking , and we discovered it ... ( both from your perspective ) so i think we have a word on that !, 
  haha . 
  there are cultures that consider both asia and europe to be the same continent ( eurasia ) and that 's independent of the languages they 're speaking . 
   it 's different in other languages no , it 's different in other cultures , for me there are the same number of continents in both spanish and english . 
  it 's like distances are measured in miles in uk and usa and kms in ireland and canada , or dates are in the correct order in uk and ireland but not in usa and canada ... 
  warner bros park is in madrid ... also you can visit parque de atracciones de madrid in the same trip . 
  are you saying my euros are not usable in denmark ? 
  but it 's the eu , right ? 
  not the same thing . 
  as i already said , card payments work internationally in the rest of the world . 
  you just expect card payments to work being in a first world rich western european country . 
  btw you can pay in euros in denmark in big stores or taxis . 
  it 's in few places but still possible . 
   are you aware that stores may not choose mastercard nor visa because of the costs of those as well ? 
  are you aware that stores elsewhere in the world can afford it ? 
  it 's just the default in most countries !, 
  ing offers it in spain at 0,5 % per transaction to smes ( bigger companies have better deals ) . 
   why should the local shops get off their way to cater to tourists who are ill-informed ? 
  because it 's money , they are suffering the bad part without enjoing the good part 2 . 
  why should you have the european standard plug , or the european standard voltage , or the european standard currency , or any other world or european standar if you can just work with your own standard just because it 's yours and others can adapt to it for no reason at all but just because it works differently internally ? 
   do n't go abroad if you can not afford it then . 
  i do n't complain when i need to pay fees to use an atm anywhere else in europe , do i ? 
  nobody has become rich by throwing money away ... you can afford going abroad and try your cards first to avoid the fees . 
  wow !, 
  i literally can reach oslo from madrid by car in less time ( 31 hours according google maps ) . 
  i guess the trick is that distances are shorter through sweden . 
   this is the tourist 's problem , not ours . 
  if you go to a country you go prepared and informed , otherwise just ask . 
  furthermore , you can also pay by nfc and most banks have a payment app that replaces the card , thus solving the problem for a lot of people . 
  well , this is one of the things you do n't expect to work in a different way !, 
  and yes ... you can pay by nfc either with the card or with the phone or with whatever ... ** but not in the netherlads ** . 
  this does n't solve a shit because the transaction still has to be processed by visa or mastercard . 
   mastercard is accepted in any atm , yes , paying fees . 
   and albert heijn even accepts maestro and so do most big stores . 
  good for them , maestro is only a thing in benelux and germany . 
   just bring a goddamn id in case you are asked for one . 
  again this is the typical thing you do n't expect to work in a different way ... but in spain the id can also be required at any time so we are also used to that ...  tourists have a problem with the payments system because they are unprepared to deal with it , agreed . 
   thus tourists create the very annoying inconvenience of longer queues and annoyance at a lot of stores blame the tourists for everything but for this . 
  those annoyances are created by your incomatible banking system . 
  also , stores can choose to accept mastercard and visa and stop being annoying both for you and the tourists . 
   you can swipe , nfc , or chip your card in , the problem is that you ca n't . 
  international cards are not widely accepted in the netherlands and people do n't get it because it 's the only country i 'm aware of having this particularity . 
  i 'm not saying that tourists does n't makes life in amsterdam worse because probably you are right ... 
  i 'm just saying that i understand why they have problems paying . 
  i remember once paying in a lidl with a huge sign saying , in english `` we accept international cards '' and when i tried to pay with my spanish card they said ... `` no ... but we just accept maestro '' ... ( which is like 0,000001 % of bank cards outside netherlands ) . 
  i 've only seen these machines for spraying air fresheners . 
   escobar in spanish is to sweep for me it 's just a surname . 
  to be fair amsterdam is planned in a way that just does n't seem to admit that much people ...  and , finally , there is the payment issues because they merely do not understand that credit cards are uncommon , and paying by cash is not accepted everywhere , nor can they ever be bothered to read the huge signs that say `` hier alleen pinnen '' . 
  you make foreigners life almost impossible for paying ... chipnick is only a thing in the netherlands and in the rest of the world mastercard and visa are widely accepted ( both credit and debit , in the netherlands foreing debit cards are strangely accepted ... foreign credit cards are only accepted by hotels and car rentals ! ) . 
  if you can not pay in cash and you can not pay by card how are you supposed to pay ? 
  you can drive norway for 20 hours ?!, 
  how many kms tall is norway ? 
  you are right !, 
  yes , it 's known ... just because it 's in often in the reverse of the parch\u00eds or oca ... never met anyone knowing how to play it ... 
   have only seen it in forocoches and said by me , i like that word . 
  yes !, 
  it 's very curious because few people use it but when used , everybody knows what it means although it 's completely different from the non-slang word !, 
  yes , we say `` hercio '' !, 
  also , this is one of the few words that does n't have a consistent spelling in spanish , i mean , it can be written in multiple ways ... hertz , hertzio or hercio , and in plural hertzios or hercios ... but of course , the most common way of writting it is `` hz '' . 
  if that sounds funny , try with 800 mhz ( ochocientos megahercios ) or 1 ghz ( un gigahercio ) !, 
  we have funny dresses for the class pictures !, 
  https://www.google.es/search?q=orla&amp;tbm=isch although they are not always taken the year you are graduating . 
  in my case i took it several years before as nobody graduates at the same time . 
  nowadays it 's an unit of the is ( so no degrees ) , but before that it was just another graduated scale based on celsius . 
  so at least in spanish if you are saying `` 20 kelvin '' it 's because you are ommiting the degrees ( grados ) word in plural ( even if it 's not correct to read kelvins as degrees anymore ) . 
  i think we are more strict with the plurals than you because we say pascales and hercios . 
  true , herpes is a `` family of viruses '' and all adults are infected with at least three of them ... which of them ( simlex 1 or 2 , zoster , epstein-barr/mononucleosis , etc. . . ) seems irrelevant to me ...
