the article is in the english edition of el pais ( although it does n't display the infographic ) . 
  i also read that but i wonder if it 's not the other way around ... 
  it might be delayed again and again , but not much more . 
  each day is easier to find companies not changing anything extra for roaming around europe ( and sometimes beyond ) . 
  unfortunately that 's still not true everywhere . 
  first curious fact ... the official plural of euro is euro ... 
  i was thinking more about things like unloyal competence . 
  but from the customer 's perspective you are 100 % right . 
  already done in madrid ( although in a much expensiver way as the motorway was n't replaced but buried underground ) . 
  i read all the discussion and i think everybody just overreacted . 
  roaming is gon na be abused , of course , but only by a small minority . 
  think the simple fact that if you get a contract in another country , you have a phone number from another country ... and that 's such an inconvenience that will prevent most normal people to get a contract in a cheap country to use in a expensive one . 
  i 'm more sensitive to the concerns of spanish companies . 
  it 's going to be a pain to handle the roaming lines in touristic countries/areas during peak times , but still they will be getting money from the roamer 's provider . 
  might it be true that they can not make profit on that circumstances ( or even make losses ) ? 
  engineering, 
  * flower, 
  and colorado , nevada , el paso , ( new ) mexico , california , las vegas , arizona , etc. . . 
  but it 's true that there are a lot of religion - related names . 
  that 's floreciente in spanish , but as languages evolve , it could have been true in the past or have that use in other dialects . 
  no , but that would be absurd , using taxis few days per year is far cheaper than the insurance of the extra car ... 
   instead of a few days later like with cash cards seriously ? 
  here purchases made with debit cards are debited instantly . 
   its easier to keep track of how much one actually has while using cash and since the banks give next to nothing for savings it does n't hurt . 
  for me it 's easier to open the bank app in the phone . 
  it 's much easier to check the balance instead of summing up the cash money in your wallet and mattress . 
  plus you get a detailed transactions historic ... very useful for you to analyze your own spendings ( when i use cash money just disappears , i do n't know how i spent it and where i spent too much . 
  afaik there 's a cap on munipalities budgets , but they can still sell debt . 
  the social sciences bachillerato does have an applied maths study plan that does n't include integrals ( and if i remember it correctly , you were n't forced to choose maths ) . 
  in the science and technology bachillerato you will have to learn integrals for sure . 
  well , there are differences in the study plans across spanish autonomies but i think this is n't one of them . 
  yes , but that 's unrelated to them requiring the passports or ids . 
  all hotels or hotel-like business in spain requires all its guests to identify themselves and then a list of guests is provided to the police . 
  afaik this is a law coming from the old eta days in order to make fugitives harder to flee . 
  same in spain i think . 
  i suffered them ... 
  you can still shop online !, 
  maybe i had to explain it at some point but i can not remember me doing so ... 
  i do n't remember having to explain what erasmus is to anybody in spain . 
  i know haha , was kidding . 
  not ironic . 
  just thought we had a similar view on this so it 's surprising to me . 
  i meant us ( spain ) . 
  i think my phone changed the caps . 
  that 's true . 
  cities are able to legislate on these issues ( although the constitutional court has rejected a lot of local laws baning nudity ) . 
  not in spain at least . 
  well ... to me it 's surprising that portugal and us do n't share a similar perception on the eu . 
  but belgium is also in red . 
  metrosur is not a tram , full metro there ... metrooeste , ml-1 and tranvia de parla are trams . 
  well ... 
  i think it has nothing to do with the language thing as reddit is also in spanish and have some spanish only subs ... 
  but there are a couple of local discussion sites such as meneame or forocoches which are very strong ( locally ) so there 's few space for reddit in the spanish internet . 
  cercan\u00edas ( commuter trains ) are also metro-like within madrid . 
  plus who are we to determinate that somebody is cheating on somebody else ? 
  maybe they have an agreement !, 
  definitely it 's part of their private life . 
  also british inmigrants are n't visitors, 
  it was in 2012 in twente . 
  and it was n't everyday but yes , it reached -20 \u00b0 c some days . 
  spain provides free healthcare to its citizens and the us provides free bullets to blacks and foreigns . 
  wtf ?!, 
  did this video got any response from the government ? 
  i say it 's geographically african and politically european . 
  just as melilla and the canary islands . 
  actually it 's a joke based on experience ... 
  i lived in the netherlands during a winter and i did n't find much difference between -5 \u00bac and -20 \u00bac ... 
  i mean ... of course you feel it colder , but it does n't feel much worse . 
  maybe humid weather is another story , temperatures sky rocketed when the weather was rainy ( yes , rainy , it was hardly snowy ... ) . 
  my mean of transportation was a bike so things used to get colder in the way home from the supermarket ... and i actually got beers outside the window or the entry door during like 10 minutes and they were really cold !, 
   ... ohh , and i could n't leave my bike outside for hours if it was that cold because the brakes and the gears got frozen and it was n't very funny . 
  yeah , it would have to be dubbed for us to consider it funny ... 
  i understand the subtitles are funny but my mind ca n't relate it to what he is saying ... 
  then you just do n't understand what a sexual orientation is and how some people just do n't fit in any standard sexual orientation tag . 
  i 'm gay because i 'm a man sexually attracted by men , but i could fuck with women just out of the curiosity ( many gay men have done so in their lifes ) or just for fun , or i could become a sex worker and have women as customers , or i could be raped by a women ( yeah , it 's not common but it can happen , i was once sexually harassed by a woman ... she was hot so probably i was the first man to not follow her game ) also not everything is black and white , there are a lot of greys , i could be generally attracted to men and then find one single woman sexually attractive ( although this is something that happens more oftenly to women ) , or i could be generally attracted to men and then like women with really big noses ... edit : just typos, 
  in spain people having sex with more than one person ( or with one person in a risk group such as sex workers , drug addicts , or the other one had sex with multiple persons ) during the last 6 months disqualifies you from donating , regardless of the gender of both parties . 
  it has been this way since i can remember ... 
  curiously having lived in the uk for more than a non-consecutive period of 12 months between 1980 and 1996 triggers the alarms during the screening . 
  i do n't know if those persons are allowed to donate but generally they refuse you if you answered yes to any question . 
  not very logical ... 
  i can fuck with a women and that does n't make me less gay . 
  you can have sex with a person of a gender you are not attracted to because of a number of reasons and that does n't define your sexual orientation . 
  ohhh , that 's true ! ... 
  free beer for our barrier-thrower policeman must be included in the deal / u/mubshmeta !!, 
  of course only for off-duty usage ... 
  meh ... -5 \u00bac , really feels more or less the same as -20 \u00bac ... plus your beer gets cold from the supermarket to home . 
  not currently threated as a terrrorist attack thought . 
  the attacker is believed to not have been in full mental faculties during the attack . 
  it 's a fact but is it fun ? 
   i like how about half the countries are missing , but finland is the only one with `` no data '' . 
  that 's because other countries have data but it 's unknown ... as finland does n't exist no data exists at all !, 
  some of our most famous spanish sports ( wo ) men and youtubers go to live there half of the year saying that they now live `` in a nice place in the outskirts of barcelona '' . 
  they do it for legally `` evading '' taxes as taxes there are much much lower than in spain . 
  this is mine ... done using the europass doc template : http://imgur.com/jf1rfaa, 
  you are speaking about neutral spanish , which is a spanish artificial dialect within the standard spanish norm that sounds ok ( neutral ) to most american spanish speakers and completely understandable ( no localized slang is present ) to all spanish speakers ( including the ones from spain , for us it uses a weird vocabulary , but we still can understand it ) . 
  films and series are usually dubbed in both neutral spanish and castilian spanish . 
  but yes , as / u/sambri says , the anle ( http://www.anle.us/ ) represents the us in the association of academies which set the standard spanish . 
   why would one be bothered to learn dutch and voluntarily hurt their throat though ? 
  ( no throat damage in this sentence ) . 
  sadly i ca n't remember much more :( but i found it to be easier to learn than english ... well yeah , regular verbs or ... things are an oddity in your language ... and well ... you say a lot of things and then put a lot of verbs at the very end of the sentence so for those of us used to have the verbs in between it 's hard to guess what you are talking about until you finish your sentence ... and if the sentence is long we do n't even remember what were you talking about so ... but at least written dutch makes phonetic sense !,
