  as far as i can remember ... there was a step by step online wizard that generated your cv and ... well ... it had some downsides , but you could download a word version and customize it and in the end you could make a very good cv with that base . 
  what ? 
  i did n't describe a process of repartition as a discrimination . 
  read my post again . 
  the only thing ( in this context ) that might limit people freedom when choosing a degree are choices biased by traditional gender roles . 
  that image of `` only women can be nurses '' or `` only men can be engineers '' is what can be fought against but in the end people will choose what they want ( just as they do now , but without thinking `` uhmmm i really like this but that 's for the other gender '' ) , and distribution will rarely be 50 % / 50 %, 
   now that we are almost done with gay marriage , the same kind of issues ( transexual bathrooms , etc. . ) will start popping up in europe . 
   edit : downvotes ? 
  really ? 
  ehmmm , we were done with gay marriage 12 years ago ... transexual bathrooms have never been a legal issue here ... people can just go to the bathroom of the sex which better identifies them . 
  afaik you can see yours in spain through internet ( never done it ) ... 
  these kind of events are also public in spain . 
  when i defended my thesis ( long cycle degree which is more or lest a degree + master ) only my mother and a couple of friends showed up appart form the academic court . 
  does n't iag work well ? 
   most people forget about it though it can get you in trouble yes ... 
  i once woke up drunk after sleeping for some hours ... it was like wtf !? 
  i was staying at a friend 's place so i could drink without worrying about the car ... 
  i had to pay for the parkimeter and then by around midday the hangover started to win the battle to the drunkness ... 
  yes , you are allowed to visit netherlands and be back while high ( as soon as you are not driving ) . 
  portugal is not the only european country where drugs are not a crime . 
  would love to see this indicated in the chart to see if there is a correspondence . 
   source ? 
  never heard about that . 
  feels odd that you can claim a public space to demonstrate and no one else can demonstrate differently there . 
  anyone else can demostrate differently , but not at the same time and at the same place . 
  counterdemostrations are only legal if , and only if they do n't interfere with each other ( so the counterdemostrators have to choose a different place or a different timeframe ) . 
  who mentioned `` forcing '' ? 
   no violence , no harass , just another demonstration . 
  what i saw in the video is violence and harashment . 
  there 's no need for anybody to be punched to consider it violence . 
  insulting is violence . 
  counterdemostrations are forbidden in spain for a reason . 
  you have to respect them no wonder how much you dislike their ideas or behaviours ( of course , as far as they are legal ) doing otherwise has two names for the same thing , fascism and antifascism . 
  i will trust you ... people at uab is angry with scc because they once brought neonazis in campus ... but that 's no excuse for acting like the uab students acted in that video . 
  old debate but it 's not like if she likes sugar but has to promote stevia instead , she is making the hugest transformation ever of the united kingdom and she is supposedly against it . 
  why does the picture look like if it were taken in the 90 's ? 
   and what 's a `` letters section '' ? 
  do n't know in french , but at least in spanish , that 's how we informally speak about social and human sciences ( carreras de letras or letters degrees ) such as history or philosophy as opposed to more technical ( e.g. 
  engineerings or health sciences ) or basic sciences ( e.g. 
  maths , physics , etc. . . ) . 
  i do n't get / u/metaparser 's point either . 
  it 's true that it 's their choice but it 's also true that both men and women choose degrees biased by traditional gender roles and that 's something that can be fought against as having a more heterogeneous dispersion of genders in different sectors is good for everybody . 
  my boyfriend is a nurse and that would be almost unthinkable some years ago as that traditionally was a women 's field ... 
  hey !, 
  not my words ! , it 's what the article says !, 
  anyway you are condescendingly devaluing the article because it was `` written by a spaniard '' . 
  that does n't help to change the image . 
  furthermore the behaviour the article is describing can be seen here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7zch64y0ie so it does have some credibility . 
  sorry , i was n't actually expecting answers from brainwashed people ... one of your sources have comments such as `` open up the bible and read for yourselves what jesus says about it all . '', 
  and i could n't care less about what does jesus says about porn . 
  anyway , how could him have a word about porn ? 
  there was n't porn during his life ... there was n't internet nor cameras ... as much he could have seen some hentai ... then i can understand why he did n't like it . 
  you know i can actually set up a website online and claim that watching porn enlarges your life for 10 years and that would have the same credibility as your sources right ? 
  they actually have some point ... porn addiction is bad ... just as any other addiction ... should we ban music on children just because it can be addictive ? 
  i also receive that statement in spain , but are n't income taxes progressive in germany ? 
  it 's easier to have a higher productivity when you work less hours !, 
   there is no self-declarations if you are a contracted worker . 
  you receive your p60 - an income statement with deductibles etc. 
  - before the end of the tax year , verify the figures and sign it . 
  job done . 
  is n't it like that in most countries ? 
  is the turkish tea from the tap drinkable ? 
   a ) it is constitutional ( no article prohibits it ) and international law allows it for catalonia , as recent resolutions of the international court of justice show . 
  http://www.congreso.es/portal/page/portal/congreso/congreso/hist_normas/norm/const_espa_texto_ingles_0.pdf section 2 `` national unity and devolution to nationalities and regions '' : the constitution is based on the indissoluble unity of the spanish nation , the common and indivisible homeland of all spaniards ; it recognises and guarantees the right to selfgovernment of the nationalities and regions of which it is composed and the solidarity among them all . 
  those are just opinions , maybe overreacted or faulting to the truth ( or maybe not , i 'm not going to analyse them ) , but op linked an article talking about how individual non-idependentists get bullied . 
  i 'm not asking you about catalonia , it 's a personal reflexion open to discussion . 
  countries can legislate on top of european law !, 
   subscriptions are basically no data limit in denmark and now you are calling danish tele providers for greedy for not imposing limits on the existing danish subscriptions . 
  i mean , the european directive allows telecoms to limit data usage abroad even if usage within the own country is unlimited . 
  they can legally say that you can only use 10gb abroad and make you pay for the extra data when needed , but they choose to raise the tariffs for everybody ... because they were able to blame the eu for that . 
  btw i checked your link and i have a cheaper plan than the one stated for spain , with unlimited data ( 10gb at top speed ) + unlimited calls + unlimited texts + free roaming in eu and some selected countries like usa ( have had this since a couple of years ago ) + landline with unlimited calls + broadband at home at 300mbps + netflix . 
  i pay less than 50 $ / month . 
  ehhmmmm , well ... point number 1 ... to visit porn sites you have to really look for them ... 
  i ca n't figure out a single way of accidentally ending up in such a website . 
  point number 2 ... if a minor wants to see porn , it 's because the minor knows what it is and obviously will do it on purpose . 
  point number 3 ... a minor also knows how internet works . 
  will find a way to bypass the law so it will just be as inconvenient as it 'd be for an adult . 
  point number 4 ... why should we prevent our children to see porn if they are actively looking for it ? 
  i mean , i understand that we do n't want them to accidentally finding it ... but why should n't they be able to watch it if they want ? 
  we should provide them a better sexual education and instruct them on how real-life sex and relationships are different from fictional porn , but not allowing them to watch porn is ridiculous . 
  point number 5 ... 
  they are a hormones bomb !!!, 
  if they are trully banned from watching porn ... what 's their alternative ? 
  what do we want them to do instead ? 
  having real inmature sex without a proper sexual education ?!, 
  point number 6 ... again ... this wo n't prevent them from watching porn , no matter how difficult you make it for them . 
   it lacks a government chamber were representatives of the autonomous areas ( states with federation ) can meet , propose or reject bills , etc. 
  it exists and is called `` senado '' . 
  part of the senators are directly chosen by the citizens and other part by the regional governments . 
  why does n't catalonia push to reform the senate ? 
  almost everyone wants that ... 
  they would gather a lot of support . 
  as a matter of fact there are scaring similarities with current politics and the ones previous to the civil war . 
  a very dangerous game is being played . 
   said directly what would happen if catalonia became independent it happened in some aspects like pertenence to the eu . 
  then the catalonian government says that the central one is lying and that `` nobody really knows what would happen '' . 
  spain even asked the eu , as a neutral body , to say what would happen in regards to the eu pertenence . 
  the eu leaders said `` if a territory secedes , then it 'd be out of the union and it has to ask for join again if it 's its will '' ... and the catalonian government says `` spain pushed them to say that , nobody really knows '' failing to acknowledge that appart from being a logical outcome , if spain can push them for that , spain can push them for not automatically accepting catalonia as an independent member . 
   that 's what catalans have been doing always , right ? 
  sorry but not always .
