  also , of course they are legally allowed to reside in the country in the meantime , it 's not an ideal situation but they are safe . 
  protestants are a tiny minority here , last statistical report about religions among spaniards ( spanish citizens residing in spain ) last february was like this : * catholic : 68,4 % * agnostic : 16,8 % * atheist : 9,6 % * other religions : 2,3 % * na : 3 % 62,3 % of those self-declared as catholic or following other religions also said that they never attended masses or other religious services . 
  13,9 % said that they attended few times per year . 
  if we include inmigrants , then the small religions have a bigger share : * muslims : 4,3 % * protestants : 1 % * buddists : 0,5 % * orthodoxes : 0,2 % * bahaists : 0,1 %, 
  there are assylum offices both in ceuta and melilla facing to the non-spanish side of the border , but literally nobody ask for assylum there for multiple reasons . 
  one of them is that they prefer to enter illegaly and then request the assylum in e.g. 
  germany . 
  then i agree . 
  islands water is probably the worst, 
  as a matter of fact it seems that asylum seekers are not very interested in staying in spain ... 
  i find it weird taking into account that if they are needing for asylum any safe country should be enough ... 
  if you want free water in a restaurant just explicitly ask for tap water . 
  this is the default in some spanish restaurants but not in all of them . 
  some restaurants want to disturb you by only providing tap water glass by glass instead of a full pitcher of tap water but it 's worse for them imo . 
  which region ? 
  depending on the region you will have a different water source : mountains ( reservours ) , aquifers , rivers and the sea ... only the first tend to have a good flavour . 
  my city is served mainly from the mountains and it 's excellent , but ocasionally they have to switch the source to a river and it 's awful ... 
  in spain they connect with the traffic cameras from traffic authorities ... 
  there can be checked online as well but the quality is very shitty . 
  * dgt ( interurban roads except in catalonia and basque country ) : http://www.dgt.es/es/el-trafico/camaras-de-trafico/ * example : * madrid urban motorway : http://www.mc30.es/index.php/component/mapa/?view=mapa&amp;filtro=estados&amp;lang=es&amp;itemid=602 * example : http://www.mc30.es/components/com_hotspots/datos/imagenes_camaras/m30-pk16+000c ( calderon ) . jpg * barcelona city ( do n't find the list of cameras ) : http://www.bcn.cat/transit/imatges/balmesgranvia.gif furthermore non emergencies helicopters are n't allowed to fly over cities . 
   even europhiles here would not like the uk to adopt it though . 
  ohh ... 
  i travel a lot to the uk for business and handling two currencies is a pain in the ass . 
   with a cat so not alone at all ... 
  i wish i could have a cat at home ... but would be a very lonely cat as i do n't spend much time at home :( so i refrain from it . 
  79m \u00b2 and i live alone . 
  it 's officially 123m \u00b2 but 10m \u00b2 are for the parking , 7m \u00b2 for the storage room in the basement and 27m \u00b2 are my share for the common areas . 
   ( because on one would ever think to paint a real gun a bright colour and pass it off as a toy ) once saw a sign at new york city subway telling something like `` carrying guns that seemed like toys or toys that seemed by guns in the train was forbidden by law '' . 
  i was a little bit shocked after that ... 
  probably plane pilots find it instead as it 's way far away for us to find it by ourselves . 
  i studied a little bit of dutch some years ago and they told be that i could make any insult to sound much worse just by adding some cancer ... 
  so * hoer * is `` bitch '' ... and * kankerhoer * is `` bitch suffering cancer '' or ... most funnily in spanish ... `` puta cancerosa '' ... 
  i think we should make a curse interchange and invent `` zoon van een kankerhoer '' which translates to `` hijo de puta cancerosa '' ( son of a cancer sufferer bitch ) or maybe even better `` kankerzoon van een hoer '' which would be `` hijo canceroso de puta '' ( cancer sufferer son of a bitch ) . 
  do n't know , just got into this endless traffic jam and now i do n't know how could i get out of here . 
  at least there 's free roaming now !, 
  this . 
  furthermore , at least in spain : 1 ) the company being in problems or a decreasing workload are valid reasons for firing people . 
  2 ) employees fired without a valid reason are already given the maximum compensation by default , so people only go to the court if they want to be readmited ( and i think almost nobody would want to return to a company that fired them ) . 
   spanish one is somehow super easy to understand that positively surprises me since we are unable to pronounce all the english vowels !!, 
  why would anybody need so much vowels ? 
  we handle it with just 5 !, 
  well , they are more oftenly omitted in english but other than that , articles do n't have a much different use in spanish and english ... also when learning vocabulary in spanish , names are always put together with the article just to learn the gender of the noum at the same time . 
  in the end the minimum in europe is 4 natural weeks . 
  in spain is one month , your contract might state either 22 labour days if you have a typical work week ( 5 days , monday-friday ) or 30 natural days ( otherwise ) . 
   where i work i get 4 weeks of pto , plus 9 paid holidays , plus 4 `` floating holidays '' which are basically extra pto days . 
  that sounds almost reasonable for our standards . 
  by law we get 22 pto days per year + 14 public holidays in spain . 
  if you get sick because of your work , you have unlimited sick days with 75 % of your salary . 
  if you get sick because any other reason , you wo n't get paid the 3 first days , then will get the 60 % for up to a month and then you will get a 75 % for unlimited days . 
  some companies improve these conditions , for example i get 27 days off instead of 22 ( i.e. 
  an extra week ) and unlimited sick days with 100 % of my salary . 
  around once per year . 
  i go monthly but just because i 'm aligning my teeths . 
  what 's your definition on sovereignity ? 
  which ones ? 
  they became popular like one decade ago and they are still very popular ... 
  i 'm so grateful for that !, 
  once or twice a day is the most common in summer while in winter once per day or each other day is the norm . 
  if you do sports that might mean some extra showers , although it 's easier to match it with your regular shower in winter than in summer . 
  i have the impression that spain is home for a big portion of the italian lgtb community ... 
  and if your sentence is for less than 2 years you are most likely not going to prison as far as you do n't have a previous criminal record as in that case the judge can change your penalty for a fine and communitary works ( and criminal records expire at most 5 years after serving the sentence ) . 
  i was shocked when i saw germans partying so hard for carnivals . 
  i went there by train and arrived around noon and even before crossing the border there were beer running around the train and germans singing and jumping !, 
  it was awesome to see them in that mood and it was very contagious !, 
   another thing that 's lacking is mental health care . 
  oh here it 's included but heavily understaffed . 
  general practicioners tend to take the most typical cases first ( depression and anxiety ) as psychologists do n't have a agenda allowing them the required continuous monitoring of the case ( too many patients assigned to them ) and psychiatrists provide the same treatment in these cases . 
  only very basic dental is included in spain . 
  i think they only do extractions . 
  i got my wisdom teeth extracted in the public system ( with the study of the case and the x-rays included ) . 
  they can also provide a second opinion on a private dentist diagnostic ... other than that ... nothing . 
  spanish sns ( spanish for nhs ) is devolved to the autonomies so in reality we have 18 coordinated but different health systems in spain . 
  my only experience with the dutch system is purely bureocratic and not good at all ... 
  i got fined with a huge amount of $ for not being registered with any insurance ... after registering multiple times with my ehic to a doctor and being said each time that everything was solved . 
  of course i did n't pay the fine , i was insured and i did everything right ... more than once !, 
  you have one book with your legal activities and other book with the black money earned from the same activities ( but avoiding taxes ) or from illegal activities . 
  to transfer money from the b book to the a book you have to launder it first which is a process for giving black money a ( fake ) legitimate source ... 
  it 's a 20 $ bill for me !, 
   mom looks after kids and house what ?!, 
  the mom would hardly want to do that and even if both parents agree ( i would n't be happy if i had to maintain my partner just because he/she decided not to work ) they probably would n't have the necessary income to live confortably . 
  densest country ... but definitely your cities are n't dense to continental standards . 
   posts that are critical of islam , refugees , and the immigration policy . 
  not really , you can even say that you just do n't like them or confess that you are a racist ... what you can not say is `` x should die '' or `` i 'd be happy if somebody raped y '' or `` z deserves a painful death '' or things like that . 
  e.g. , westboro church actions would be ilegal in spain as they do n't just state opinions but they promote hate against persons and groups of persons . 
  that 's not considered freedom of speech because it 's against other peoples freedoms that are considered more important . 
  well , spanish morcilla is made is also blood based ... but i prefer to not think about that . 
  from my experience ... if you have sex on your first date here ... it 's highly improbable ( not impossible though ) to meet again for other thing than having sex ... 
  if you are interested in having a deeper relationship with the other one it 's better to leave sex for the second or third date ( if there 's no sex at the third date , then sorry but you crossed to the friends zone ) . 
  you must be romantic but romanticism can not be obvious ( as that 's weird as well ) . 
  but i 'm sure my neighbours have different perceptions . 
  my public university keeps asking me for money every year to invest it in scholarships ... 
  i find that so weird !, 
  so if public universities are allowed to raise money like that , i 'm sure donations are also accepted by private universities . 
  in the end people just care the most about their daily life issues and both the eu and usa provide high living standards to most people through different ways . 
  yeah !, 
  i prefer the european way and having the european problems rather than the american ones ( e.g. 
  i prefer my lower wage to the chance of going bankrupt due to a health condition ) but you can have a good life in both places and a lot of people prefer the american way . 
  said that , usa does have a lot of problems whose solution seems rather `` easy '' from an european perspective , but unfortunately solutions are not always replicable to different environments and bigger problems can easily be caused . 
  also it 's possible that some european problems seem easily solvable from an american point of view . 
  i 'm spanish and north spaniards are also very different from south spaniards , but those differences are relative , of course when its said that mediterranean countries are culturally related it must not be implied that there are no differences ...
