  of course the situation is bad for everyone involved on these islands due to sheer number of people coming in . 
  there are not many options left how to handle this , especially in poor greece , but sending army and shooting people is not one of them , idots like these make the situation ten times worse . 
  k , but that 's government problem , obviously there 's going to be looting if you let people wander around without even water to drink . 
  lmfao , this shit is getting upvoted here now ? 
  well , they 're also hodling them in detention centers without money documentaion or anything else and they 're allowed one call per week . 
  this whole thing is not cool at all . 
  europe before being default : * here 's take a look at these adorable customs of other european countries , also , eu is probably passing some new law , let 's discuss that too , friends . 
  europe after being default : * they are coming !!, 
  could n't find better source that yahoo news , maybe french folks can provide additional info from local news ? 
  journalist was recording with hidden camera a lot of meetings and activities , found out that majority of soon to be terrorists are hateful , frustrated and failed sociopaths . 
  you can watch french trailer here : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x47rf7b_soldats-d-allah-special-investigation-extrait-1_tv documentary will be airing today , 2nd may on canal + , 9pm . 
  pretty much yeah , this is such a violent mob , anyone who goes against these people will automatically get death threats and such . 
  the worst thing is , these people are not often far right affiliated , these people are like some sort of schroedinger socialists of middle class : they want social security and welfare , but only for themselves , not anyone outside their class , because poor are lazy , unworthy and rich are bad because they got more than them . 
  i think center or liberal politicians need to learn to appeal to these people and diffuse those violent attitudes . 
  pardon my ignorance then . 
  `` they are believed to be largely somalis , with smaller numbers of eritreans and ethiopians . '', 
  so probably mixed , most likely ~ ~ migrants ~ ~ refugees , someone else pointed out that eritrea is complete shit right now . 
  remember dancing islamists that were supposed to represent whole muslim minority ? 
  well , czech people are celebrating in facebook post of czech national tv death of these people . 
  i am absolutely sickened by double standards of muslim fearing bigots lacking any empathy and understanding . 
  sadly plenty of them on / r/europe too . 
  this is absolutely brutal , hope we can get good info and leaks out of that soon , it 's going to take some time to analyze all that data . . 
  good call , partners seems to be pro market ( anti regulation ) groups . 
   nobody is offended by an ancient tradition it 's not uncommon for girls to go on a trip with a family on this day , because they do n't want to deal with this shit , i do n't blame them , there 's no need to have yourself humiliated by a bunch of teenagers from class , who are eager to douse you with water . 
  that 's pretty obvious lie , some people are just oblivious to it . 
  czech president is as anti-pc as it gets and everybody hates him for it because he 's a huge embarrassment . 
  i have no idea , but i always felt embarrassed doing that . 
  i suppose so , there 's a lot of empty phrases coming from politicians . 
  today 's `` we 're at war '' was one of them , such an empty phrase , no real proposal . 
  czech republic also called today a `` 1st degree of danger to national security '' yet legislatively , there 's not a meaning to it yet , lol . 
  it literally means nothing at this point , no ruleset yet . 
  a voice of reason on / r/europe ? 
  you liberal scum !, 
  wow , amazing , criticizes everything , offers no solution . 
  it 's not very hard being right in situation like this . 
  i 'll gladly read on , when there 's going to be more constructive criticism , this is waste of time . 
  hoping they will be able to extract as much information as needed , without him ending dead ( possible suicide ) then he should be placed in isolated cell , where he ca n't influence others . 
  ok bro , you do you . 
  what part of that mess is almighty v4 ? 
   if you are trying to insult me , calling me paranoic right wing extremist , its not working . 
  whoa , that 's pretty paranoid , he was n't talking about your affiliation at all . 
  i guess it 's not the first time someone call you right wing extremist ? 
  / thread, 
  no offense taken , he 's horrible president, 
  okay this is going to be controversial comment , because i 'm pointing out hypocrisy of some people . 
  what bothers me is almost psychotic anti immigrant/islam/muslim / brown people backlash . 
  christian priests were accused * plenty * of time for the same crime . 
  the difference ? 
  christian priests were covering up details , making it and * organized crime * it was way larger that single incident , we were talking about dozens , close to hundreds of boys sometimes . 
  the way we talked about this in past is horrible , often called an embarrassment , case , abuse and other . 
  rarely it was called a fucking ** rape ** , because that 's what it is . 
  if you wan na get mad , get mad at rape culture , ( i 'm not a huge fan of that term either , sorry in advance ) forming and spreading racial/social prejudice is the fucking stupidest thing to do and helps nobody . 
  well , this link is coming from telegraph , not exactly th best example of journalistic website . 
  it 's funny because it 's true \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  people may not know , but czech republic is extremely homogeneous , with all good and bad thing that come with it . 
  prague is probably the only exception . 
  ironic , considering abortion , quite basic human privilege , is denied to women in poland . 
  i guess only turbanistanians are bad . 
  banning encryption wo n't change a thing , even with plain texting , agencies admitted they have troubles analyzing sheer amount of data . 
  agencies knew about perpetrators in advance , they just could n't asses threat properly within available timeframe . 
  a big failure on their side , even if they avoided another big threat week before . 
  doing my best to hold awkward laughter in public transport , thanks !, 
   try it without drugs and violent neomarxist intoxication next time literally anyone who 's against human rights violations is neomarxist on drugs . 
  lmfao , great logic there . 
  this is literally his facebook status last year , drop the act . 
  i 'm having hard times following your logic , but * d\u011bkujeme za n\u00e1zor , tady m\u00e1te kl\u00ed\u010denku * redditor for 20 minutes . 
  lol, 
  you clearly do n't understand the concept . 
  but again , you 're an idiot saying that wishing for genocide is n't fascistic . 
  he also talk about crushing them to bone meal . 
  i guess this is n't genocide either ? 
  love you coming up with excuses for this sub human . 
  no they are not , you 're disgusting apologist . 
  gypsy \u2260 roma . 
  there are more instances in slovakia . 
  while it 's not common practice here , idiots are calling for same measures in cz ( anecdotal evidence , sry ), 
  dude pls , drop the act . 
  obviously he 's using his priviledge as non white to preach racism . 
  somehow , vietnamese minority is a epitome of cultural integration in cz , which is fucking ironic , because no graduates or highly educated people of that minority stay here . 
  czech people sees them only as a noodle makers and it has been proven multiple times by labor office . 
  nobody listens to him in parliament , because he 's a populist and only feeds people with their own bullshit they want to hear . 
  if leader of anti islam party calls for genocide , he 's all of these above . 
  if zeman joins in to show support of this group , then he 's a national shame . 
  go shill somewhere else , idiot . 
  no , it was legally announced demonstration of anti islam extremist and idiot zeman gave a speech there . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  fuck you and your * opinions * , dickwad . 
  it 's as bad as it gets , he 's supporting a group that has been identified as extremist organization by czech natioal security agency , leader called for genocide of muslims couple times . 
  `` czech president milo\u0161 zeman sings the national anthem with a proponent of concentration camps and gas chambers for muslims '' http://www.blisty.cz/art/79892.html, 
  straight out of national socialism propaganda book . 
  it implies solidarity and welfare ( social ) , but only if you 're part specific ethnic group ( nationalism ), 
  because he 's obviously the only one true and fighting just cause against `` fascistic prague intellectuals '' his ego is overinflated , he thinks that vast majority supports him . 
  ( yet he only won election because other guy was kind of a dick ), 
  it 's power struggle , terrorists hardly follow islam . 
  these brainwashed idiots can fit anything into their ideology . 
  so who wants to bet that more hatred against minority will worsen the integration and support violent individuals in pursuing their goals ? 
  that 's very naive way of looking at things , sorry . 
  i wish i was kidding . 
  it 's not super frequent , probably same volume as uk anti-muslim attacks , but still , that 's pretty fucked up . 
  google translate only , sorry .
