article talks about prejudice not volume . 
  while you 're right about low educated and old farts , it says they tend to agree , majority of men are different age group . 
  while cz is somewhat safe ( you be the judge , it 's anywhere between 7 to 20k anually ) survey proved woman wo n't often find support and will be blamed for this , which is horrible . 
  ------------------------------------ straight up google translate : the survey asked people 's opinion and whether a woman under certain circumstances for rape co-responsible - for example , if drunk , passes herself deserted place or provocatively dressed . '', 
  yes , '' corresponded roughly a third of respondents , and up to half of the men polled . 
  `` the strongest agreement pronounced men aged 18-34 years ... '', 
  czech republic is okay-ish with human rights . 
  while this is n't complete shithole , there 's a lot of room for improvement . 
  we 're pretty bad in gender pay gap , for instance . 
  some people apparently think that asking multiple indirect questions is cheating , but that 's how surveys works . 
  we 're talking about co-responsibility , men ( and women ) did n't say women deserve this , but they often think if women dress/drink/behave appropriately it would be better for them , which is ridiculous . 
  not i just used `` half '' , which is 50 % , but actual number is 45 % and that does n't change problem one but . 
  ( depending on question - flirting/drinking/dressing , etc ), 
  i said * men * , not respondents . 
  clearly women think differently , but men got a different idea . 
  you can see actual numbers in results paragraph , there are multiple questions using similar tone . 
  just use condoms , you will be fine . 
  read carefully through * or * skip to survey results at the bottom of the page , last paragraph . 
  original sentence said `` almost half '' , so i used 50 % , but precise number is 45 %, 
  * a study for amnesty czech : czech people have no clue about violence and rape of women . 
  * mildly drunk attractive woman is returning home , passing through park . 
  just few meters away , there 's a rapist waiting in bush , young defenseless woman is easy target . 
  according to the most people , this is how typical rape begins . 
  over 7500 women are raped in cz annually , but only 2 % of rapist are punished . 
  when asked , people thought there are only couple hundreds of cases and that 50 % if offenders are punished . 
  most people in survey also thinks that offender is mostly some random unknown person who chooses his target randomly , however , opposite is actually true . 
  survey also asked if people think woman is co-responsible for her rape . 
  `` yes '' said one third of respondents and half of men . 
  the biggest approval of co-responsibility were men in age of 18-34 , ironically group of men responsible for the most rape . 
  results show that most of citizen have very skewed ideas about rape . 
  9/10 victims of sex violence wo n't even report . 
  prejudice against women is a major factor - women think that if they were raped by her partner or friend , police would not bother with their case . 
  they often fear that other people would look at them as co-responsible and say they were asking for it , so they rather choose to live traumatized without contacting police or looking for professional help . 
  ** you can use this thread to discuss violence against women in europe in general , there 's a lot of diversity in europe , it will be good to hear your opinions . 
   i do n't consider people in adidas , lacoste shoes and with selfies sticks for their iphones as `` refugees '' , sorry . 
  it 's funny because it 's true, 
   mandatory islamization so edgy, 
  not gon na happen , sorry , majority is not against , plus there would be economic consequences . 
  remeber the money we got for development ? 
  there you go . 
  he 's full of shit , obviously . 
  cz showing its eastern european roots and fact that eu project is somewhat alien to them . 
  i mean , we 're not talking about 20 or 50k refugees , this is couple thousands to help alleviate crysis in other flooded countries taking all the burden . 
  shame . 
  that 's a single source of that information and is not very convincing to be honest . 
  how so ? 
  that 's actually correct . 
  rally of anti islam , anti immigrantion anti minorities , most of them holding racist , homophobic and even anti semitic views and good chunk of them would agree to kill immigrants in cold blood . 
  i love how they claim that they 're the voice of nation just because they have 150k likes on fb . 
  i 'm glad there was a counter protest . 
  * edit : oh , facts bother you ? 
  wo n't change the fact that they 're in the list of top extremist organizations by czech national security agency . 
  if you look up any post on their fb , there will be comments justifying murder of muslims/immigrants and much more *, 
  yes , that sounds very just from the position of privilege , congrats . 
  thing is , they went to uk legally , legally work there and are still facing anti slavic prejudices from far right and populists . 
  what you 're saying is that you would just send proper hard working citizen home , because you do n't want to look like hypocrite and that 's pretty selfish . 
   blacks seven times more likely to be in british prisons than whites so brave , lol . 
   deport them all . 
  glad you 're not holding executive power now . 
  this is obviously shit , these kid were spoon fed nonsense like this from parents , but let 's not pretend that the rest of society do n't have any problems . 
  you also saw one or two people speaking for whole class there , that 's not very telling . 
  you would get a lot of retarded answers if you ask other people or even kids about minorities , homosexuality , women 's rights , especially in eastern europe , shit , people here even claim there was no roma holocaust in ww2 . 
  there 's no excuse for prejudice like this , unfortunately , this is n't only muslim problem . 
  besides , muslims in germany are very moderate , recent poll concluded that 60 % muslims in germany are n't against gay marriage . 
  how dare they !, 
  wait a second , you 're one `` thinking with a brain '' ? 
  the fuck you talking about ? 
  you 're just paranoid tool thinking there 's some leftie big brother watching the news , but truth is , that 's just human decency , something you 're probably lacking . 
  yes that makes whole lot of sense , thanks for contributing to the discussion . 
  man europe is clearly fucked up , we need an army up in this bitch / s, 
  take a guess ( editorialized title might a a hint ), 
  holy shit , why is this place suddenly overrun with scum like kalerpar ? 
  this subreddit is really turning into shit . 
  but who would want to stay in poland , honestly ? 
  i do n't know exact numbers , but let 's not pretend a 80k island can take care of sudden influx 20k people . 
  i 'm not blaming you or your people , you got that part wrong . 
  i 'm mostly just summing a comment of your fellow citizen and other redditor . 
  * for starters the problem is more the sheer number of the refugees than anything else . 
  * https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jzudv/lesbos_on_verge_of_explosion_as_refugees_crowd/cutqlmd * i got back from lesvos yesterday . 
  toured all the camps and also went to the north and saw people landing . 
  it 's absolutely horrific . 
  there are newborn babies sleeping on nothing but cardboard . 
  * https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jzudv/lesbos_on_verge_of_explosion_as_refugees_crowd/cuu6mz5, 
  cool story bro . 
  we have been sending troops alright , did n't seem to help . 
  this humanitarian crisis was ignored for way too long and this is the consequence . 
  how the fuck you want to help people in syria if they 're attacked by their own government ? 
  that 's where you 're wrong , due to sheer amount of people greece ca n't do shit at the moment and local people suffer from this . 
  it will get better soon , once they leave , like most of them plan to do . 
  but again , you 're underestimating the situation and not really helping by calling everyone fucking savages or some spoiled hipster nomads . 
  well , you 're not going to let yourself starve on street , will you ? 
  this is basic survival . 
  i wrongly assumed that these people are coming without any money , though . 
  there are kids being born on fucking cardbord boxes , there are going to be problems due to sheer amount of people accumulated recently , if you expect to everyone to remain calm you 're underestimating the situation . 
  might be something with your attitude , but idk , i might be a gipsy so do n't listen to me . 
   you will pay for them with your taxes . 
  that 's what taxes are for , i 'm okay with that . 
   your daughter/sister/girlfriend will have to walk every day through group of bored young men , who have 0 respect for women . 
  they are already walking by people like you , nothing worse can happen . 
  yea , i have no idea what the fuck is going on .
