  they want a caliphate , and they prefer if outside countries and other rebels deal with the government forces . 
  they take over areas to keep them , not to dispose of dicators . 
  isis does not want syria to exist . 
  and it 's a lot easier for isis to just mop up or absorb various weakened rebel groups to expand their areas , than to wage war in syrian cities . 
  of course there is . 
  you can check backgrounds and intern everyone who ca n't identify themselves until an identity is established , as they do in usa . 
  what are they doing now ? 
  `` what 's your name ? 
  bob ? 
  ok bob , here 's a train ticket to berlin '' . 
  hell , even i as a norwegian citizen ca n't travel to berlin without some sort of id . 
  well it is rather hard to fire an ak-47 with one hand . . 
  it could save some trouble in the long run !, 
   it 's all relative . 
  there 's only a certain amount of support you can obtain when you insist on gunning down kids because they watched a football match . 
  a large part of the people in these areas want a sharia state . 
  they want death penalty for apostasy . 
  they want hands cut of for stealing . 
  they want stoning for adultery . 
  they want public whipping as punishment for listening to music . 
  people who do n't want to live under these rules flee or are killed . 
  those who want to , or out of necessity becomes devout , stay . 
  that 's how these communities become more and more extremist . 
  i would be more happy using the europes not marginal economic might to embargo certain countries supporting isis , than to actually fight them , as well as using the eu as a basis for peace talks among the kurd/government/rebel trio in syria . 
  ( although this can prove difficult , as there is over 300 rebel groups in this mess , many hardline islamists . ) . 
  only when there is a common front you can hope to actually accomplish anything . 
  bombing random islamists will accomplish naught . 
  sending in soldiers will accomplish even less . 
  they just have realized something that all other airlines eventually must as well . 
  airplane crews are not a special breed any more . 
  they are not royalty . 
  you do n't see train drivers or bus drivers demand such ridiculous special treatment , do you . 
  hell , during the last farce from the unions , they did n't even know what they wanted in the end . 
  ended up taking a deal worse for them than if they had just shut up to begin with . 
  i 've never seen a union get so little sympathy for their cause during a strike . 
  never . . 
  i mean . . what do she expect the state to do ? 
  she legally married him , and she has no legal income or home , while he does . 
  him , being the childs legal father , got custody since he can better provide for the child . 
  i do n't understand the issue . 
  surely there are alternatives for people who for one reason or another ca n't or wo n't eat meat , period ? 
  why would you need to go hungry ? 
  do they serve only pork meat ? 
  no vegetables , sauces , potatoes , chips and the like ? 
  do they serve swine every day ? 
  this sounds like a really constructed problem brought up by people who are angry their every `` need '' is n't pampered too . 
  if they had allergies or some such i would care . 
  not eating meat for voluntary reasons is your problem , not the schools . 
  bring your own lunch on pork days . 
   the impact that the syrians refugees have on our waiting time is only 0.77 % , which means that twice the amount of asylum seekers would only constitute a 1.5 % rise in waiting time . 
  that is only true in a scenario with perfect distribution of asylum seekers over all available rent controlled housing in the entire country . 
  most likely small towns will barely notice it , and large cities will notice it a lot . 
  in reality most will migrate towards large cities . 
  this sounds like a marvelous idea !, 
  ^ you ^ know ^ where ^ to ^ call ^ for ^ gas, 
  that applys for asylum ? 
  i thought most went through to germoney ? 
  40 000 in 40 days , excluding the unregistered amount ? 
  holy . . 
  i must admit i get schadenfreude watching holier-than-thou-germany slowly tear itself apart . 
  sure , if it would help remove religion i would light the flame myself . 
  no building is worth hundreds of thousands a year killed and millions displaced in mindless religion fueled bloodshed . 
  hell , i would sacrifice 4000 years of history if it meant people forgot all about `` gods '' . 
  i never said that . 
  but it sure as hell would help to a major degree . 
  if it meant the world would be in peace from religion , that would be a worthy sacrifice . 
  i think all mosques , churches and other religious buildings hould be demolished . 
  now what ? 
  wait for the dutch police i guess ? 
  considering germany tried their hardest to ban scientology under merkel 's rule just a few years ago , maybe it 's negotiable anyway ? 
  my point being that foreign countries more or less tore the country apart in a sectarian power struggle . 
  hell , the civil war has taken a backseat for over 2 years now . 
  this would not be happening without the support of the us/turkey/saudi arabia unholy trio, 
  you seem to somehow have forgotten the tens of thousands of foreign jihadists that currently occupy half the country and is busy instating sharia . 
  many of them from europe , all of them foreign supported from arab countries . 
  they have been there since 4 years ago . 
   then i have to say , this is not negotiable not negotiable ? 
  . . or what ? 
  this kind of german rhetoric we have n't seen for many years . 
  she seems to have forgotten that europe consists of sovereign states . 
  germany does n't care . 
  after all , they will force the eu to take them in , with `` fair quotas '' . . 
  that 's quite harsh , do n't you think ? 
  most people probably have a basic grasp of english , but it 's another thing to do public speaking in a foreign language , needing to use technical terms . 
  politicians with bad english speaking skills should just use translators . 
  they exist for a reason . 
  i some times wish more norwegian politicians would do so , when they speak english so poorly and with such a thick accent that it 's nigh impossible to understand them . 
  there is no reason to , unless he came to kill you . 
  thieves do n't want to enter homes with people in them , and if they do by accident , they would just run away . 
  in any case , thieves are very rarely armed . 
  if they get caught for stealing it 's a light sentence . 
  if they get caught with a firearm , it 's a hell of a lot worse . 
  if he came to kill you , your life must be more exciting than mine , and you should probably have a gun by your bed anyway  people murdering strangers in home invasions is so rare it 's negligible . 
  even in the usa . 
  it 's like worrying over getting hit by lightning . 
  imagine there 's no countries it is n't hard to do nothing to kill or die for and no religion too imagine all the people living life in peace ... 
  it 's kind of interesting how the divide in support fits so well with the old [ axis powers ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/wwii2.png ), 
  what big , voluptuous spuds !, 
  malnutrition is a totally different issue . 
  sure , if your diet literally is based on sweets you would get sick , but in the western world , i honestly do n't see any fat people get neither scurvy nor pellagra no matter what kind of junkfood they eat .
