  it 's hard to blame the kids for wanting to participate . 
  still , they should be stopped . 
  nothing good comes from fueling the fire . 
  well he got what he wanted i suppose . 
  why do n't the police have riot shields ? 
  people always throw bottles and bricks and shit at these kinds of things anyway . 
  as much as i hate to admit it , the swedish are ahead of us here . 
  in norway , people only whine that we need more prisons , at the same time as 30 % of the prison population is incarcerated for narcotics charges and 15 % from traffic related crimes , most of them minor . 
  i just wish our politicians could see it the same way the swedish are . 
  | testing cultural opinions , the poll finds very few british people choose to describe themselves as european . 
  in other eu nations , enthusiasm for the concept of europeanism is far higher . 
  well i do n't know how else to describe it . 
  it is somehow criticized that the british look at themselves as british and not as some vague `` european '' culture . 
  as a norwegian , i get that feeling of being under attack . 
  the eu is pushing their way , and all you can do is push back . 
  i think people forget the european nations are made through hundreds of years of conflict , war and nationalism . 
  and now suddenly , over just a few decades , people seek to abolish borders and erase national identity . 
  not going to happen . 
  hehe , up here in norway bottled water is actually really expensive for some reason . 
  a bottle of regular water costing more then soda , while it 's basically free in your tap , i never got that . . hell , some of it is almost as expensive as store beer . 
  one of the major reasons against norwegian eu membership . 
  it would open up our large territorial waters for fishing , with no way to enforce quotas . 
  well it most likely is not , but think the reaction is a result of what people feel as a general intrusion from knowitalls , and attempts to `` feminize '' their children . 
  it 's not a big deal in itself . 
  [ this norwegian documentary ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpkcmjcv1zu ) on gender roles research is very enlightening about how detached from reality our governmentally funded academics can be . 
  it 's not a stretch to think quite a few believe in traditional gender roles , and are against the government messing with their children 's upbringing . 
  in the nordic countries there is what you could call a strong feminist agenda , and due to that opposition forms . 
  actually there is no age limit on tattoos . 
  most serious tattoo studios only take customers aged at least 16 though , since the skin changes and your reasoning is n't sound as a teen . 
  regarding circumcision , i would be happy with a law demanding medical consent from the person in interest , which i believe would set the minimum age at 12 years old . 
  of course ghettos are created . 
  they are created by bad city planning and poor integration . 
  they ca n't monitor the activity on ip addresses . 
  what they can do is register what ip addresses download bittorrents they `` own '' the content on . 
  they still need to obtain a court order for the owner of the ip address , which requires actual proof and a minimum severity of the alleged crime . 
  it 's not enough to have an ip registered ( as it can be the neighbour downloading or kids or whatever ) , so to obtain proof they would need to physically go through the computer . 
  which they ca n't do , only the police can . 
  and the police wo n't , because they rightfully does not wish to spend their budgets chasing down kids downloading music online . 
  the chance of such cases being dismissed is near 100 % . 
  it 's not new that they can track ip 's either , what is new is that they do n't need to get a license for it . 
  all in all it 's pretty much scaremongery . 
  in fact the only person i have heard the police actually investigated in norway was sharing movies he videotaped in cinemas . 
  i do n't get why people think piracy is such a big problem nowadays . 
  back when i was a kid , people pirated music cassettes . 
  commodore games the same way , and when home pc 's became the norm , diskettes and cd 's . 
  nowhere was services like steam , itunes or the like . 
  todays kids actually pay for their products , at least semi regulary . 
  i can guarantee you that never , ever happened for us back then . 
  . . and now i feel old . 
  exactly . 
  knowing that you purchase vpn services does not prove any wrongdoing . 
  they do n't know what goes on behind the encrypted connection , or which ip from the vpn you have used . 
  it 's a good tool for privacy , but sadly many of them are too unstable for regular use . 
  exactly . 
  if you find one person on earth that genuinely does not know smoking is unhealthy by know , i 'll literally eat my hat . 
  exactly , pay for access . 
  i see they learned a lot from the mafia . 
  it 's weird how somehow the rest of the world manages to trade completely without paying extortion money to brussels . 
  in earlier days , what the eu is doing now would lead to war . 
  and yes , they are more dependent on us then we are of them . 
  they fucking should show some respect and humility . 
  you know maybe we should . 
  see how belgium likes it without their gas . 
  then they can try negotiate a better deal with the russians , who dont take it up the ass . 
  i guess that 's what the eu likes best . 
  taking it up the ass and being happy . 
  well the true face of the eu shows itself . 
  i guess the anti-eu side were right after all . 
  they are just after our money . 
  time to back out of this horrendous deal . 
  we can make a new union with the british and iceland . 
  with blackjack and hookers . 
  i did not say nobody . 
  i said only 3 % of bags were discarded without being reused on average . 
  and the fact that every country has it 's own policy and it 's own challenges is exactly my point . 
  you simply can not make a regulation that is `` one size , fits all '' . 
  you are proving my point . 
  in norway we use plastic bags both to transport groceries and the same bags to throw away garbage . 
  only 3 % of all plastic bags are thrown away without being re-used like this , and all garbage is burned , there are no landfills . 
  `` the ministry writes that the assessment of environmental impacts over the life cycle of different types of bags actually shows that [ plastic bags came out better than paper bags ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.tu.no%2fklima%2f2008%2f09%2f03%2fny-rapport-plastposer-mest-miljovennlig&amp;act=url ) . '', 
  in effect , a ban on plastic bags would negatively impact the environment , since everyone both has to use paper bags for groceries , then buy new plastic bags for their trash . 
  and that is why the eu should not push legislations down on people and countries they have no understanding of . 
  not every single issue have the same impact in every country . 
  issues about energy , waste and pollution are vastly different between even neighboring countries . 
  that tends to be forgotten when the big & mighty push legislations down on the rest . 
  why would it matter if a sovereign state have a say in the forming of their own policies ? 
  hmm , let me think for a second . . 
  because `` that 's racism '' . 
  if you even suggest such a thing , then certain people immediately drags skin color into the mix . 
  logic does not work on them . 
  it 's the same as with airport security and so on , you ca n't have , well at least officially , selective screening . 
  in their minds , an icelandic og swedish native is as dangerous as immigrants from war zones no matter what the statistics show . 
  the state of public transport is a sad one , but i do n't think it 's quite murder inducing yet . . 
  are you seriously believing it is uncommon to reduce charges in the west ? 
  unbelievable . 
  for your information , the prosecutors do n't usually charge people with more then they can prove . 
  greek gypsies tried to claim to be biological parents of the fairest , blondest girl i have ever seen ? 
  well , not everyone can be smart . 
  if smoking laws are the largest problems you have , i must say this is all kinds of first world problems . 
  well his reasoning for the murder tells a story of paranoia , and the court psychiatrist at the time said he had `` insufficiently developed mental faculties '' .
