  you would still need to pass the aegean sea controlled and patrolled by nato , and there is only one exact entrance to the black sea which could easily be mined . 
  passing it would be suicidal . 
  besides if they passed , then what ? 
  every single country on the european side bordering the medeterranian is a nato member . 
  you would be trapped with no point of return . 
  what they mean is that they are responsible for their actions . 
  mental illness can be a lot of things , and it 's pretty despicable to try link these calculated and heinous acts with people who suffer from them . 
   the former italian prime minister described brexit as a `` disaster '' , called david cameron `` mad '' for calling a referendum over it and urged other countries not to follow suit . 
  yeah screw democracy . 
  things run much better when they just ignore the people . 
  who 's kenny ? 
  and does n't hollande have more pressing matters to attend to ? 
  like running his own damn country . 
  you are aware that germans are paying through your nose for your energy right now ? 
  as in more expensive than even new nuclear power . 
  which is pretty impressive . 
   because you need lots of them ? 
  well how many do you need ? 
  there are probably enough guns in the balkans to fuel 2-3 small wars . 
   real islam is when islam does something good i guess . 
  even then , isis would probably object to it . 
  it really is a `` true scotsman '' situation . 
  every other muslim is calling the rest of the muslims heretics for not following their specific , archaic version of islam . 
  islam is it self 's largest enemy , and the reason death and destruction will always follow in it 's wake . 
   jair melchior , the chief rabbi of the jewish society in denmark , contends that banning this ritual would be undemocratic this is hilarious . 
  9 out of 10 danes using their voting power to legislate protection for newborn babies against circumcision is literally the textbook definition of democracy . 
  it is n't . 
  the eu elite however has this grand dream of a `` european federation '' , and in order for their schemes to work , they need to push a `` european citizen '' status with equal rights in every country instead of national citizen , which is next step and coming very soon in my estimation . 
  free movement is just the first step to get people used to it . 
  hey , we can join too !, 
  we do n't really like people , so free movement is n't an issue . 
  you are the one who want to use a `` union '' where it was , and is , illegal for the states to cede , and where wars have been fought to keep dissidents at bay as an example of a successful federation . 
  usa is a successful state , but its origin is n't exactly a success story . 
  it was forged in blood , the same as europes nation states . 
  personally i say no thank you . 
  if that is the future of europe , people better jump off the train now . 
   but texas and california do n't have a lot more sway than ohio or oregon . 
  that 's the point . 
  texas and california were united by force , unless you have forgotten . 
  a war that killed hundreds of thousands . 
  or were you under the impression they were voluntarily merged in a happytime union ? 
  not necessarily lies , but you can get people to answer whatever you want depending on how you ask the question . 
  what do you for example think gains the most positive response of : `` do you think the eu should intervene more or less than present in the protection of external borders '' as in this poll . 
  or an alternative question of `` do you support in some situations ceding partial of full control of your states borders to the eu '' as mark twain said : `` there are three kinds of lies : lies , damned lies , and statistics . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/false_dilemma a region will always be more or less economically and politically dominated by their largest members . 
  the us of course have more political sway in north america than mexico or canada . 
  western europe is lucky enough to have several , among them germany , italy , france , the uk . 
  i do n't really see how any of them can get any problematic amount of influence in a weaker trade union . 
   bring on a stronger commission and thus a stronger eu you do realize that the more power the eu grabs , the more opposition the eu gets and the more countries leave ? 
  most people just want a trade union , economic growth , an then be left alone . 
  not cede their nations power to some quasi political and military superpower utopia project . 
  there is just a major , fundamental disagreement between what the eu elite want and what the people of the member countries want . 
  and there is actually a breaking point where the economic hurt is justifiable . 
  if the brexit does not tell you that , nothing will . 
  so you have been disenfranchised now because you lost the vote ? 
  i 'm sure you would also go in protest marches in favor of the leave campaign if they lost with 48 % ? 
  god damn hypocrites who think democracy is only valid when it goes in their favor . 
  these things are very often close . 
  norway 's referendums were 53 % against eu in 72 and 52 % against in 94 . 
  oh so if people deserve pensions is dependent on if you support them politically ? 
  `` strengthening eu '' is the whole problem to begin with . 
  if these damn federation ideologists and expansionists had not been in control , none of this would have happened . 
  sure , if the uk does n't have to pay any pensions or benefits to eu citizens currently working in the uk . 
   why do you think being ruled from [ capital of the respective country ] grants you more freedom than being ruled from brussels ? 
  another strawman . 
  i never said such a thing , nor is it relevant . 
  why do you think being ruled by the eu gives you more freedom than being ruled by washington dc or beijing ? 
  it 's not about perceived or real freedom in the sense you are talking about , it 's about freedom to choose your own representatives and legislation as a democratic nation . 
  and that goes both for the freedom to make good and bad choices . 
   some of the regulations seem silly , i admit , but the eu does a lot for consumer protection , labour laws etc. 
  true . 
  but then why does a trade union make legislation on things irrelevant to international trade and commerce in the first place ? 
   a lot more than many of the local governments . 
  that goes back to point one . 
  that 's the choice of their electorate , not the eu . 
  yeah do completely ignore the bolded part . 
  i actually bolded it so you could ignore it and instead create a strawman where it looks like i do n't support human rights . 
  both organizations are also older than the eu , making the point completely invalid . 
  i find it amusing that out all the eu supporters in here , i do n't get an answer to why a trade union overrides a democratically elected parliament 's ability to legislate law . 
  or why a country needs to sign away this democratic ability to legislate law in order to access the european trade market . 
  i just get downvotes and strawmen . 
   the diplomat stressed that participating in the single market meant accepting eu rules , including the jurisdiction of the european court of justice , monitoring by the european commission ** and accepting the primacy of eu law over national law ** jesus , you could at least try to hide the fact you have no respect for the sovereignty , democracy and rule of law of your member states . 
  and people wonder why the uk are leaving . 
  single market is n't everything . 
  preserving your freedom is . 
  a black german man and a swedish woman . 
  i know 4chan will have fun . . 
   in a letter to the the times the american businessman said britain would be `` stronger , more prosperous and more influential '' inside the eu . 
  and the us would be stronger , more prosperous and more influential if they just signed over their sovereignty and went into a union with china . 
  why do n't you ? 
  why do people always get so surprised that religious schools will brainwash their children ? 
  does anyone really think religious institutions will fund secular schools out of their good will ? 
  it does n't matter what religion . 
  it will always happen . 
  the only way to prevent it is to disallow private , religious schools and have a strict secular teaching platform every school must follow . 
  how is this meant to be interpreted ? 
  at first i interpreted it as the uk disconnecting from the eu train before the collapsing bridge ( the bridge is [ stereotypical railway bridge ] ( http://www.highestbridges.com/wiki/images/f/ff/13metlacold.jpg ) that collapses in old western or war movies ) . 
  also why does the train pollute so much ? 
  but then it seems it 's meant to be pro-eu . 
  i 'm not sure any more .
