  the problem is too much , not too little , and even junkfood is mostly made so you get the essential nutrients . 
  it 's just contains way too much salt , fat and sugar . 
  it 's simply not meant to be eaten for every meal , and in such huge quantities . 
  because there is no difference . 
  you will get just as fat from drinking 100 % fruit juice , as you will drinking water with the same amount of sucrose added . 
  the calorie count is the only thing that matters . 
  how about an ounce of self control . 
  or is the only reason you have n't drank or smoked yourself in the grave because it 's too expensive ? 
   we 're facing the same issue in portugal as we 're trying to implement a tax on sugar but not on national products that contain sugar . 
  so , you are in fact trying to use health reasons as an excuse to impose tax barriers on eu imports , while national products go free ? 
  yeah i wonder why the eu opposes that . . 
  you are aware that that 's the exact terms russia uses when they go after bloggers and such ? 
   and yes , freedom of speech does include the right to tell lies and spread propaganda . 
  if not , every single religious channel would be closed eons ago , as an example . 
  and fox news . 
  and every news outlet for political parties . 
  and every online forum in existence . 
  and every blog that 's not a baking blog . 
  and sometimes even those . 
   the foreign ministry called on `` all parties to the conflict to strictly respect international humanitarian law . '', 
  is that standard response number 3 or 4 ? 
  i ca n't remember . 
  at least canada had the balls to condemn it . 
  france is just committed to not let the syrian government/russia win . 
  as they have stated again and again since the conflict broke out . 
  if they cared about civilians , where is their proposal to impose a no-fly zone over yemen ? 
  oh , france sold weapons for $ 8 billion to ksa in 2015 ? 
  never mind then i guess . 
  do n't worry , they 'll get over it . 
  they are just angry that the uk threatens their picture of the perfect little happy eu . 
  they tend to hit random limbs here in norway as well , but i have a growing suspicion they are just very poorly trained in shooting . 
  there 's been quite a scandal the past year with dozens of accidental gun discharges by police officers . 
   well , that was the idea at the beginning of the a400m . 
  if only the a400 actually worked, 
  are they really blaming the uk for germanys useless defense policy ? 
   also , where is the energy going to come from when these plants get shut down ? 
  do n't worry , you 'll probably just get some cables attached to norway paid for by norwegian tax money so you can help drive our prices through the roof like germany , denmark and the uk already does . 
  what , did n't the eu promise to look at turkeys membership years ago anyway ? 
  it 's a beautiful act of kindness from the uk to help turkey join this well functioning union before they leave . 
   i knew australia was expensive but $ 19 for a magazine ?!, 
  the magazine is more like 14-15 us dollars due to currency difference . 
  sure . 
  if you carefully dismantle worker rights , social security , welfare state , women 's rights and everything else that has been built up in western europe over the last 50 years you can . 
  who actually thinks it is a good idea to give the drunkards in charge of the eu access to an army ? 
  yeah in that instance it would be . 
  * whoooooooooooooooosh * that was the sound of the entire discussion going way over your head . 
  now go away . 
  you really like that word , do n't you . 
  do you know what it means too ? 
   a person who is intolerant towards those holding different opinions . 
  it 's kind of poetic , in a funny , ironic way . 
   and all i hear is bigotry . . all i hear is personal attacks . 
  way to go . 
   yeah you could call it a racially aggravated assault in your first strawman . 
  or a xenophobic one , but both does work . 
  yeah . 
  but one is retarded and imprecise . 
   your second strawman is so ridicoulus that it does n't warrent an answer . 
  you need to look up that word . 
  i do n't think it means what you think it means . 
   and your third argument only fits sweden - for now . 
  the police in england does still say what heritage the people who assault are . 
  really . 
  i actually read the article . 
  did you ? 
  of course you bloody would n't . 
  not if both are white . 
  you would n't call it `` racially aggravated '' if a briton beat up a swede for being swedish . 
  so you should not call this either . 
  but i wo n't expect you to get that either . 
  the way every single thing in this world is called racism , pretty soon you ca n't buy eggs without being called racist for getting non-free range . 
  and the word has long since lost it 's meaning . 
  as for the second part , it was a stab against the media and their use of `` youths '' as a euphemism term for immigrants . 
  the word pretty much has changed meaning at this point . 
  but i wo n't expect you to understand that either . 
  racially aggravated ? 
  so the perps were black ? 
   a group of male youths aged 16 to 18 checks out . 
   if he 'd said yes , the story would be `` west midlands police force refuses to let muslim officers wear burqas and niqabs '' instead . 
  yeah , in what universe would they be criticized for that ? 
  disallowing police officers dressed as dementors is common sense in any country . 
  it really oozes public safety does n't it , when you ca n't even see the eyes of the woman ( or is it ? ), 
  pointing a gun at you . 
  or the mouth of the person talking to you . 
  is this the onion ? 
  seriously ? 
  the police use drugs as an excuse to search people all the time . 
  hell , they use it as an excuse to search houses even here in norway . 
  if they want dna for a comparison , or anything like that , they just call it a drug search and get what they want . 
  they are n't really after the 5 grams of hash they claim to be looking for . 
  it 's an ugly business . 
   or they 're good at keeping statistics pretty bad at keeping statistics actually . 
  sweden counts every filed police report as a rape in their statistics . 
  even if it is later dismissed , and even if it goes to trial and the accused is acquitted . 
  fine if you have an agenda , pretty damn awful if you want reliable statistics . 
  `` there are three kinds of lies : lies , damned lies , and statistics . '', 
   even if it 's in some 1920s outfit ? 
  please , nobody bathed in a burqini in the 20 's , even if they were [ modest by our standards ] ( http://cdn.vintagedancer.com/wp-content/uploads/june-30-1922.-washington-policeman-bill-norton-swimsuits.jpg ), 
   then nato could block it and prevent russia from utilising their fleet in the med they could and would do that anyway . 
  who controls istanbul does n't really matter .
