  but helping our neighbors that is being invaded ? 
  alright , i 'll change my wording to : the passport states their birth place is a made-up country . 
  the ones you are talking about are ex-countries . 
  not this case . 
  and this is the same as other made up countries , like transnistria . 
  their passports are not valid for international travel either . 
  only to russia . 
  well they do live in an unrecognized state , and they did abandon their ukrainian citizenship for a russian one . 
  their issued passports are from a state that technically do n't exist , issued by a federation that has no mandate to do so . 
  somewhere you need to draw the line . 
  you mean the people who accepted a russian passport , issued months before the illegal russian annexation of crimea , knowing that it stated their birth country as factually wrong , did not have a say in the matter ? 
  ukrainian passports are perfectly valid . 
  well , it makes perfectly sense . 
  the passport states their birth place is a country that does not exist . 
  asking them to return with a valid passport seems like a logical solution . 
  heh , it 's the same here in norway actually . 
  for all the oil , we have almost no refining capacity . 
  we export crude oil and buy back fuel . 
   `` if we 're really serious about putting a lot of effort into protecting children , for example , it might mean if you 've had a burglary , for example , and the burglar has fled , we wo n't get there as quickly as we have in the past . 
   ( ... )  ms thornton said burglary was an important crime for police . 
  `` but think of the threat to our children from sexual offences , from sexual abuse , from online abuse , that 's what we 've got to prioritise , '' she added . 
  are they serious , or is it a parody ? 
  oh well . . think of the children i guess . . 
   then again , if people deliberately came to my neighbourhood waving banners and chanting slogans just to see if i was outraged by it , i 'd probably be all ` wtf , leave me alone . ', 
  that 's pretty much the definition of all gay pride parades . 
  the only difference here is the audience . 
  better no culture than swedish culture , eller hur ? 
  a group of mostly young african men . 
  some people act like every single migrant is a war refugee . 
  militant farmers ? 
  this is surprising even for you , france . 
  what 's next , cashiers occupying a small town ? 
   it obviously wasnt with the intention that everyone should be returned home as soon as the fighting stopped . 
  with the jewish population it was difficult , because the vast majority of them were not from the west , but from the east , now part of the soviet bloc , who opposed their return . 
  some times violently . 
  the establishment of israel in 1948/49 helped with that though . 
  in the time between the end of the war and the migrations to israel started , the majority of the 250 000-ish jewish refugees lived in ( west ) germany . 
  it was an active drive to find solutions though . 
  hundreds of thousands of refugees from the east bloc countries were absorbed into western europe and the us , as they could not be returned . 
  if anything , the soviet union , cold war and eastern european political refugees was the driving force behind the law changes . 
  not nazis or world war 2 . 
  but even so , over 2 million refugees were returned against their will to soviet areas post war . 
  what part of the * 1951 * refugee convention makes you think it has anything to do with jews in ww2 ? 
   and most importantly that there would not be another greece . 
  ... by taking away greeces sovereignty . 
  go go , fellow nationalistic nordic brothers !, 
  but seriously , you guys would get so fucked in a federal eu . 
  slim representation and exploitation of the riches . 
   if we really want a united states of europe who wants that ? 
  if someone as much as uttered that word , the uk would be gone before you could say `` farage '' . 
  france not long after . 
  nobody wants to be ruled from berlin . 
  here in norway we have a group of native gypsy , with roots back to the 1800 's . 
  they are often called `` tater '' . 
  i do n't think there are much ill feelings towards this group . 
  but in recent years , there has come a different group , often publicly called `` rom '' or `` roma '' . 
  most of these are eastern european travelers , and have a ( in my opinion ) well deserved bad reputation . 
  stealing , panhandling and begging is just some of the things you can find in their wake . 
  often leaving behind extreme cases of littering from their camps when they move on . 
  i ca n't blame them . 
  the nordic climate is not agreeable with old bodies , and for single people , widows and widowers especially , it can be lonely up here when you are stuck inside for half the year . 
  the amount of bullshit from some people never seizes to amaze me . 
  no , head teacher , your students are n't responsible to dress a certain way . 
  your refugees are responsible for behaving . 
  instead you elect to send letters to your students basically scaring them into changing their clothing . 
  it 's more positive than one might first imagine that a muslim country like tunisia takes action against the hate spreading mosques . 
  now we can finally speak up against similar hate preachers in the west without being labeled a racist , islamophobe or whatever buzzword is popular . 
  when i know of mosques preaching hate just in norway , i dare not imagine how many are in france , england and around europe . 
   after all , somalis , for example , have four times higher risk of being victims of racist crimes such as assault in relation to native finns , according to the statistics . 
  rape is rape . 
  assault is assault . 
  but some times , the rape or the assault is a `` hate crime '' . 
  this is an important difference , because it 's not the action but the motive that determines this , and it 's both incredibly hard to prove , and heavily depends on the subjectivity of the court of law , instead of physical evidence . 
  it 's not very hard to imagine that native , white finns who assault a somali would be found guilty of hate crimes more often than a somali that assaults native , white finns . 
  they are therefore comparing an action ( assault ) , to a motive ( the reason for the assault ) , in order to create a narrative . 
  this is not good journalism . 
  yeah , that 's what we tried since 1991 already . 
  it did n't work . 
  at this stage , any sign of appeasement will just reinforce putin 's iron grip , and validate that his politics of aggression is the correct one . 
  so are you telling me we have to swallow all these eu regulations , and then we do n't even get to be on the blacklist ? 
  this cunt-muffin is whiter than me . 
  is she really regarding herself as colored ? 
  are you implying the eu parliament have legislative powers over the member states as the us congress have ? 
  no . . eu members are completely separate entities with their own elected governments . 
  they have no responsibilities to distribute wealth apart from the agreed upon membership sum . 
  the us is one united country where all states have representation in the parliament . 
   actually very true . 
  the amount that the u.s. gives its poorer states is significantly higher per capita than anything the eu does for its poorer members that 's because the us states are the one and same country . 
  eu members are not . 
  yes , but quite limited . 
  you ca n't summarily execute them , torture them or anything against human rights or the like of course . 
  but `` real '' prisoners of war have a lot more rights than armed civilians do . 
  if this person is acting on his own , he is what the law regards as an `` unlawful combatant '' , or `` unprivileged combatant '' , since he is a russian mercenary involved in armed conflict on ukrainian soil . 
  that means he can be prosecuted and jailed . 
  if he on the other hand was a soldier enlisted in the russian army , and he acted on orders , he could not be deemed an unlawful combatant . 
  he would then have the right to be released as soon as possible after the conflict is over among other things . 
  i imagine it 's quite an important distinction . 
  if he is a serving member of the russian army , he is officially protected as a prisoner of war , and have a thousand rights to rely on . 
  if he 's not , well , he can be tried and sentenced in a civilian court for espionage and other things . 
  in other words , he was thrown to the wolves .
