  i do n't think anyone has a problem with housing vetted refugees , as we have done for always . 
  do you know why they want eu citizens to get visas , eu ? 
  because eu citizens are fast becoming the largest terror threat in the world . 
  good job by the way . 
  i 'm sure some could , but personally i do n't think i 'd try :p, 
  that 's a very poorly constructed barbed wire fence . 
  you can get over that thing just by tossing a carpet over , or laying a plank or something on it . 
  we all are . . 
  ever wondered why there are so many scandinavians in spain ? 
  that 's just a requirement for the large state churches we have in europe due to how their roles integrate into society regarding everything from marriage to to grief counseling . 
  we have plenty small christian congregations , sects and so forth where you do n't have to be anything but a charlatan to become a priest . 
  at least here in norway , i could start a local church and call myself `` pastor '' tomorrow . 
  and that 's the same problem as you have with islam . 
  there are probably as many variants of islam as there are mosques . 
  no unified islamic religious entity exists . 
  i assume they are hired/appointed by various `` congregations '' , or the muslim equivalent . 
  well the state does not appoint imams , because the state has nothing to do with that . 
  and the state ca n't censor speeches , unless the speech itself is a crime . 
  freedom of speech , religion and all that . 
   gabriel , who is chancellor angela merkel 's deputy in a left-right coalition , warned against alienating saudi arabia , a crucial player in the bid to end the syrian war . 
  what ? 
  in what capacity ? 
  the only thing saudi arabia has done the last few years is bombing goat farmers in yemen . 
  apart from funding `` rebels '' in syria that is . 
  basically there is a loophole where you can collect a little money here in norway , and then bring in as much as you want from foreign sources in addition , with no law mandating disclosure of who donates them . 
  it was revealed by islam critic [ hege storhaug ] ( http://gjest.blogg.no/1429170604_saudidollar_fritt_til.html ) , that the vast majority of the funding for some mosque projects came from questionable sources in saudi arabia . 
   `` we all have the same problem , not integrating people '' . 
  implying the fault lie with the french , not the muslim culture preventing said integration into society . 
  there 's not really much you can do to integrate people when their women are n't allowed to work or speak to men , their children are n't allowed to marry or date non-muslims , and their religion prevents even basic social mingling with natives . 
  not a failed state , just a mismanaged one . 
  like most countries in europe i can think of . 
  maybe except poland . 
  we get cheaper cars , kia pays less tax . 
  a true victimless `` crime '' !, 
   this is very binary thinking , in the sense that you are excluding the possibility that they are not extremists and still wear the burqa . 
  yeah sure . 
  they might be on their way to a carnival . 
  it 's like saying a jew who wears a long black coat , brimmed hat , long beard and side curls is n't a fundamentalist . 
  sure technically there is a chance they are not , but if i looks like a duck , swims like a duck . . 
   this is such a sweeping statement it can not possible be true ; millions upon millions of women wear burqas . 
  are they all radicals ? 
  i doubt it . 
  of course they are . 
  out of 1.6 billion muslims , you have half a billion or so who do n't wear any special clothing , and you have this very small minority that wears burqas . 
  what would you call them if not radical muslims ? 
  especially in europe . 
  there is no laws to make them wear them . 
  they are extremists . 
   you know what will help them with integration ? 
  regularly inviting them over for dinner , playing with their kids , making sure they know about go to associations and clubs ( sports , culture , games , etc ) , yeah sure . 
  invite them over for dinner . 
  oh no , ca n't drink wine or beer . 
  oh noe , ca n't make stuff with meat that is not halal . 
  well , there goes the dinner . 
  let 's go to the pub instead . 
  oh no , ca n't go to the pub ? 
  hmm . . let 's just go to the beach tomorrow . 
  oh , ca n't swim in front of men ? 
  do you know why muslims are so hard to integrate ? 
  because they do n't want to integrate . 
  all their rules and clothing and shit is specifically designed to make them un-friendable for `` heretics '' , and thus make them only hang out with other muslims . 
  in the case of women , it is specifically designed to make them unable to talk and interact with other humans , especially men . 
  because they belong to their husband and their house . 
  it 's not our fault when they do n't make any effort at all to adapt to our culture . 
  moderate terrorists . 
  why are you asking me ? 
  there 's your problem . 
  nobody is worshipping a bunch of oldtimers in some country club in malaysia or egypt . 
  you want islam to be some form of sect ruled with fear by hateful men . 
  and that is the pitfall of islam . 
  what they say or do n't say is as irrelevant as what the pope says to most christians . 
  a few hundred years ago , the catholic church agreed unanimously on a lot of horrible things as well , that we rather do n't want to remember today . 
   no , hijab is obligatory in ~ ~ islam ~ ~ salafism . 
  fixed it . 
  millions upon millions of muslims do n't wear hijabs , just as up to several christian people wear clothes made from two types of fabric , a few women are actually allowed to speak in congregation , and some jews actually dare to eat shellfish . 
  hell , the difference is that it 's actually specifically stated in the bible not to do these things . 
  the hijab is n't even mentioned with a word in the quran . 
  it 's just something people made up ( well , made up is a funny word in context to religion anyway . . ) to keep women indoors . 
   assad * pushed the rebels * toward radicalism by firing tank shells at peaceful demonstrators . 
  and what rebels is that ? 
  the tens of thousands of islamists who came from iraq and other countries to fight for their caliphate ? 
  are they somehow insinuating that isis and the rest of the islamist groups were originally indigenous , peaceful , western oriented people who just happened to be pushed into radicalization by assad ? 
  what is vastly more dangerous than assad is thinking like this . 
  people who refuse to believe the power and pull radical islam have in the middle east , and other parts of the world . 
  it 's a lot easier to blame { insert dictator here } , their background , the west for some reason or another , some random mosque , or whatever is popular this week . 
  so they kill of one dictator after another . 
  and guess fucking what . 
  radical islam spreads in the void . 
  who could have seen that coming ? 
  they talk about assad/russia not prioritizing to fight isis . 
  well , if anyone have opened a conflict map , it 's not exactly a shocking revelation . 
  isis are n't fighting inside half of the government controlled cities . 
  they arent inside damascus city . 
  they havent taken the southern border , nor threatening the coastal areas . 
  what they have is raqqa , palmyra , a whole lot of wasteland and deserts , parts of the turkish border ( where the turks take potshots at any syrian plane ) and the border to the kurdish areas . 
  that 's not exactly easy nor convenient to fight with limited resources , when other rebels threaten your bases and cities . 
  you ca n't keep control in these areas without a fucking massive army . 
  something nato might have some experience with in afghanistan . 
  why is that you might ask ? 
  well , isis have no real reason to go against assad direct .
