  they wo n't stop a determined attacker . 
  i 'm more impressed with the fact it only cost $ 80 000 to repave almost 50 km of road . 
  it would probably have costed $ 80 mill here in norway, 
  i know a scotsman who doesnt drink . 
  imagine that . 
  sure , but then switzerland just won the psychological warfare , which most likely was the intention . 
  you are not going to blitzkrieg your way through a landscape where practically every hut , house or barn could lob high explosives at you . 
  you would do that very slowly and methodically , halting the invaders to a crawl . 
  the same idea that was behind torpedo and gun emplacements along the coast . 
  it 's not so much about stopping an invasion fleet , as denying them the freedom to roam as they please . 
  even the at the time 40-50 year old and almost unmanned coastal forts managed to halt the german invasion of norway enough to let the royal family and the entire cabinet escape the country . 
  of course , warfare have changed a lot , and these kinds of static systems went obsolete when gps , surveillance satellites , bunker busters and cruise missiles were developed . 
  yes , he went through the system . 
  legal hunting and sport weapons . 
  took him months of gun club membership and training though . 
  cant do much about that kind if dedication with a clean police record . 
  and nobody except you and all the other strawmen-builders in here have said anything to question that . 
  this is about crime prevention , not sentencing . 
  it 's about politics , not courtrooms . 
  and not everyone is equal under the law . 
  citizens have more rights than non-citizens . 
  as it should be . 
  obviously it 's the lack of gun laws that is the problem . 
  i mean , all the automatic weapons used in terror was registered , store bought and in compliance with the existing law , right ? 
  and exactly how is nationality random ? 
  oh , you are suggesting we just send off all spanish people to concentration camps ? 
  maybe we should have checkpoints to check their luggage for tapas . 
  tell me more on your plan of world dominance via tapdancing . 
  now tell me , how does it feel when i construct blatant strawmen in your garden ? 
  does it feel good ? 
  first off , collective punishment is your words , and yours alone . 
  secondly , as long as you refuse to keep statistics and stick your fingers in your ears and close your eyes each time stuff like this happens , you can keep telling yourself it 's only individuals . 
  that way , german does n't have a gang problem among the minority groups , and everything is swell in the universe . 
  i could n't put it better myself . 
  these are in many cases 2 . generation , some times even 3rd generation immigrants . 
  born and raised in europe . 
  going to european schools , it 's not syria that caused these people to become fanacics . 
  that 's their european home country 's fault . 
  it 's their fault for having hopelessly naive politics regarding foreign ( read : saudi ) funding of radical mosques . 
  it 's their fault for completely turning a blind eye to extremist muslim leaders and their influence , often even inviting them to speech at schools and conventions . 
  it 's their faulty for taking in more immigrants than the country can integrate , leading to high unemployment and ghettos . 
  it 's their fault for having a political climate where criticism against islam is seen as equal to racism . 
  europe have complained for decades about groups of radicals from middle eastern countries doing terrorism attacks around the world . 
  now there are thousands of europeans doing terrorism in the middle east . 
  and the first thing we do is take no responsibility what so ever . 
  well they did have 800 cars burn down in paris on new years eve . 
  that 's probably more destruction in one day than most wars . 
  like amazon gives a rats ass about refugees . 
  they got what they wanted . 
  their name in the paper , and publicity . 
  or wait , they probably care : refugees = low wage workers . 
  what a stunningly beautiful country !, 
  they just ignored almost the entire central-eastern europe ? 
  why , that is clearly the interesting part . 
  swedes are . . well . . our sensitive brothers . 
  we once got complaints about [ cardamom town ] ( http://www.newsinenglish.no/2013/01/09/cardamom-town-bad-for-children/ ) , a popular children 's story and theater play , for being right wing and extremist . 
  yeah sure . 
  when russia does it , it 's war crimes . 
  when the us does it , it is . . 
  when saudi arabia does it , it is . . 
  and where does the cluster munitions factor into anything ? 
  russia , as the us , never signed any ban on cluster munitions . 
  as such they are perfectly legal to use . 
  this is just an attempt to connect cluster munitions to war crimes , which is just not true . 
   it 's stereotype for which you have to thank gypsies . 
  some stupid people use rom ( gypsie ) and rumun ( romanian ) interchangeably as it was the same thing . 
  i do n't think average pole has something against romania , it 's just average pole does n't know much about romania and their knowledge of romania and romanian people is based on gypsies which often had romanian citizenship . 
  happened here in norway as well , after some geniuses decided our old word for `` gipsy '' was derogatory , and replaced it with `` rom '' in official and media use , which is confused of course with a person from romania . 
  i do n't think people assume the words have the same meaning , but they probably think a `` rom '' must necessarily come from romania , so the country unfairly get negative publicity . 
  this was at the same time we got a huge influx of `` rom '' beggars , thiefs etc , so lots of media attention . 
  i wonder what they will change it to now that `` rom '' carries the same stigma as `` gypsy '' . 
  since when did regulating models equate disallowing photographs of fat people ? 
  that 's like me saying the french just disallowed photographs of thin people . 
  if you ca n't see your own strawman arguments , you need some self reflection . 
  or you 're just a troll . 
  ok . let 's have overweight models need confirmation from a doctor that their weight is healthy then . 
  semantics . 
  yes ? 
  you realize france just banned models with a bmi below x , which the article is about . 
  and you ca n't fathom a ban of models with a unhealthy overweight / obese bmi ? 
  what is the difference ? 
  strawman much ? 
  at least invent something remotely close to what i said . 
  many are , then are told they are not to not hurt their feeling , or because their parent genuinely do n't see it as a problem . 
  healthy diets are formed in the childhood . 
  fat as a child often means fat as an adult . 
  fat parents often means fat children . 
  it 's really a vicious cycle . 
   it 's pretty pointless to create legislation for something that happens very very rarely . 
  if the problem is body image and not the health of models , obesity causes far , far , far , far , far , far more problems than anorexia . 
  we should fight tooth and nail against normalization of obesity , including banning fat models . 
  in short , the us is a nation state , europe is not . 
  stop pretending it is . 
  sacrifice europe ? 
  europe is a collection of nation states . 
  not a federation . 
  no matter what some people seem to think . 
   do n't project your own view as the only relevant view . 
  when refugees came to my hometown volunteers streamed in to help them and give them basic things like old jackets . 
  since when did asylum seeker mean refugee ?
