   religious organisations and public figures have led recent anti-vaccination campaigns . 
  the sentiment being what exactly ? 
  more children sent to heaven ? 
  the religious can be major assholes in my country too , but i 've never heard them being anything nearly as stupid as anti-vaxxers . 
  they mostly stick to thinly veiled resentment against gay people . 
  there are several design flaws that makes sweden 's statistics so different that it makes them pretty much useless for comparing to other countries . 
  in addition to what strukkstar said , every ** reported ** sexual assault goes on the rape statistics , even if they are dismissed , proven wrong or reclassified later . 
  in addition to that , the date the report is filed is used as the date the rape happened on the statistics . 
  if as an example someone is held captive for 10 years and raped every day , you would get 365 * 10 = 3650 rapes added to the statistics the year the crime is filed . 
  also , the legal definition of what is a rape has been widened to include all forms of sexual assault . 
  this means that if someone is reporting indecent exposure , peeping toms , dick grabbing and that sort of thing , that legally has to go on the rape statistics . 
  what 's even happening on this one ? 
  some is lgb , some is lgbt , some is even lgbti . 
  these are n't the same thing . 
  so the problem is n't tens of thousands of drowned people each year . 
  the problem is n't human smugglers getting rich of other peoples misery . 
  not terrorism either . 
  the problem is neither illegal immigration into eu counting into the millions . 
  the problem is that all these things might hurt the existing political elite in elections . 
  dear god . 
  i have no idea who that guy is either . 
  he lives in norway , but his twitter followers are probably all foreigners , or fraud as you say . 
  it 's also expensive compared to all other fossile fuels , and requires substantial infrastructure investments . 
  if they are mulling gas power plants , they might as well go nuclear or solar/wind . . 
   shooting protesters didnt happen since it turned out more police were shot than civilians . 
  that 's some next level doublethink going on here . 
   just because something is out of the ordinary does not make it an invasion no . 
  would you care to explain an invasion with zero shots fired and no people dying ? 
  must be the first of its kind ever !, 
  well yeah . 
  except when it fit 's the definition of an invasion exactly . 
  and no , an invasion does not necessarily mean people are killed . 
  not that it matters , because the invasion and annexation of crimea was not bloodless . 
  six people were killed , including 3 civilians , two ukrainian service personell . 
  what you are saying is the same as claiming denmark was n't invaded by nazi germany , because the surrender was so quick that nearly nobody died . 
  so after someone is legally elected , that means they can do whatever they please , including ignoring the peoples wishes for an eu association deal for a shill deal with russia and shooting protesters ? 
  oh yeah , clearly no invasion . 
  just scores of heavily armed russian [ `` little green men '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:2014-03-09_-_perevalne_military_base_-_0162.jpg ) in unmarked uniforms descending upon crimea , besieging army bases , taking over official buildings , scuttling ships , confiscating army equipment and setting up checkpoints . 
  totally normal occurrence in eastern europe actually . 
  happens every weekend . 
   invasion \u026an\u02c8ve\u026a\u0292 ( \u0259 ) n / noun noun : invasion ; plural noun : invasions  an instance of invading a country or region with an armed force . 
   synonyms : occupation , conquering , capture , seizure , annexation , annexing , takeover , appropriation, 
  so it 's ukraines fault russia invaded them . . for throwing their corrupt leader . . because they did n't want to pretend to have fake democracy any more . . and now somehow they do n't have democracy , after new elections ? 
  are you ok ? 
  really ? 
  forgot your pills today ? 
  let 's see how long moscow is willing to inject money they do n't have into the peninsula . 
  ^ ^ i think the people of crimea are in for a rude awakening , considering they will be pariahs to the western world for a long time ahead . 
   on december 17 `` a seven-member syrian family , including a two-year old child , 16-year old girl and two women almost froze after being left in a forest in -11 celsius degrees ( 12.2 fahrenheit ) to walk towards bulgaria some one kilometre ( half a mile ) away , '' an activist said . 
  almost froze ? 
  as in almost got chilly ? 
  you walk one km in 10 minutes easily . 
  yeah it 's common to do when it 's a quote . 
  to clarify it 's someone elses words or opinions , not the newspapers . 
   aurelie ponthieu , a humanitarian adviser with m\u00e9decins sans fronti\u00e8res , which operates two rescue boats , said : `` we are actively searching for boats in distress . 
  we spot them earlier . 
  this is a response to the needs that we see at sea . 
  if that proves collusion , i do not think so . '' they actually spot them so early they pick them up before they leave shore !, 
  it 's quite marvelous, 
  the ideology was all over in the thirties . 
  not just germany . 
  it has of course been widely whitewashed after the war , but facist/ultra nationalist movements were in poland , france , germany , austria , norway , spain , italy , greece , sweden , the uk . . everywhere . 
  what suppressed it after the war was of course the atrocities performed that no one could defend . 
  you could invade and defeat say saudi arabia in a war , but that would not defeat the violent islamic ideology . 
  it would only strengthen it . 
  i fear that the only way to combat it is something so gruesome that near all muslims will be forced to take a stance against it . 
  $ 9 billion , not $ 90 \\ ^ \\ ^, 
  and who claimed they were for a military role ? 
  the mp5 has barely been used at all militarily , except for maybe military police , staff , vip protection , counter terror and stuff like that . 
  it 's first and foremost a police weapon , a role it is still used for by dozens of countries . 
  it 's accurate , easy to use and does n't fire bullets that go through 3 hostages and 2 walls before it stops . 
  clean drinking water is already a human right , by the universal declaration of human rights . 
  that does not mean corporations or private citizens ca n't own water sources . 
  they are talking about different things . 
  this whole `` article '' reads like a propaganda piece . 
  yes , areas of the world have a lack of fresh water . 
  what does that have to do with selling bottled water in countries with a huge abundance of drinking water ? 
  do some people think that if you do n't bottle water in slovenia , you get more water in california ? 
  it does n't work like that . 
   in one particularly horrific example , nestle is set to triple its water extraction from an aquifer in michigan only 120 miles from the embattled town of flint , where residents have not had access to clean drinking water for over a year . 
  really ? 
  i 'm almost speechless here . 
  flint 's lack of clean drinking water is because their local leadership is borderline retarded . 
  not because there is n't any water around . 
  they could have connected to the same sources as nestle does at any time . 
  they chose not to . 
  the only thing horrific about it is how incompetent politicians can be . 
  it 's scary to watch just how quickly turkey can go from secular to saudi arabia . 
  i kept reading it as `` new yorkers '' , and was thinking . . no shit ? 
  what ? 
  and how exactly is limiting what legal civilian guns a swiss citizen can buy in his own country helping against guns being smuggled from the balkans ? 
  or is it the numerous swiss terrorists you are concerned about ? 
  how tall is your pedestal exactly ? 
  it 's not like that . 
  finland never fought against norway . 
  the countries were on good standing , and some celebrated norwegian war heroes fought as volunteers in finland . 
  meanwhile swedens `` neutrality '' meant letting german troop transports pass through sweden on transit to norway , ore trains being shipped from sweden to occupied norwegian ports , and many other aspects . 
  nobody here in norway would bat an eye at finland 's actions during the war . 
  there 's actually much more disdain towards the `` neutral '' swedes . 
  finland is viewed as someone who put up a fight , albeit with support from the wrong side , for the right reasons .
