  yes , we did . 
  not iran . 
  but please , tell me how this is completely untrue and `` touchingly naive '' . 
  i mean , who would do such a foul thing ? 
  giving weapons to insurgency groups ? 
  it 's a heresy i say !, 
  why on earth does he starts ranting about iran . 
  if there is one player in this mess who has absolutely no fault what so ever for the iraq/afghan/syrian / rest of the arab world collapse , it is iran . 
  still , it seems like an american pastime hobby to blame iran for every single bad thing in the world . 
  iran has took in 1 million refugees from the american war in afghanistan . 
  how many has the us taken ? 
  where is the western support for these refugees ? 
   the fact that this bomb was triggered in the middle of the street , with no regard of whether a random person might be walking by , is a terrorist act no matter if it only aimed/killed soldiers . 
  does that also mean that when the us , russia , turkey or basically any other country drops bombs knowing they can and most likely will hit civilians , it is a terrorism act ? 
  these countries even operate with tables of `` acceptable casualties '' for their bombing runs . 
  so for example a mission to take out a high profile leader can be conducted even with the risk of tens of civilians casualties . 
  for example by bombing a car in the middle of a busy road . 
   war is a state of conflict between two recognized entities . 
  pkk is not a recognized entity . 
  it 's a terror organisation . 
  does that mean that every time syrian rebels hit regime targets , they are also terrorists ? 
  if so , how does that even work ? 
  separatists you do n't like are terrorists , while separatists you like are n't ? 
  in every single civil war or separatist conflict , there is only one legally recognized state entity . 
   30 guns per 100 inhabitants also sounds way too high for germany . 
  in 25 years i have never met someone who owns , or let alone shot a gun . 
  and then here is a farmer who owns 3 rifles and a shotgun , and all his friends does the same . 
  30 guns out of 100 inhabitants does not mean that 30 out of 100 people owns a gun . 
  but they had no problems letting it `` fall '' to terrorist groups like al nusra for two years . 
  what allies we have . . 
  so they have to ferry from lithuania to get to central and western europe ? 
  what a mess !, 
  interestingly enough , this `` pro-kurdish '' rally was in support of [ pjak ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/party_of_free_life_of_kurdistan ) , a terrorist group offshoot from the pkk , based in iran . 
  might explain the shooting a bit , considering these groups are dangerous militants . 
  i 'm not sure how they can operate freely in sweden . 
  a lot of intravenous drug addicts and high potency heroin on the market will do that . 
  add a conservative government when it comes to narcotics and you get a lot of deaths . 
  probably because all the criminals are in scandinavia i ^ jest ^ do n't ^ shoot ^ me, 
  iran must be incredible stupid to keep trading in dollars , considering the us have shown they can freeze and confiscate all dollar assets at a whim . 
   or is that just the knee-jerk insult we 're using for right wing politicians now ? 
  oh , it has been an insult against right wingers for decades now . 
  i doubt many actually knows what it means . 
   the general , designated as having `` the leading role '' in this event , will be charged with `` participation in an unlawful assembly which has not dissolved after summons . '', 
  really ? 
  the country with probably the most amount of strikes , public protests and demonstration in the known world arrests people for `` participation in an unlawful assembly '' ? 
  yeah , this is n't political at all . 
  well i guess the thing is a spoken language naturally evolves , and at some point what you speak and what you write no longer matches , because the written language is clearly defined while the spoken is not . 
  you will find these kinds of changes over the years in every language , because if you do n't , the disconnect just grows larger and larger . 
  and some grammar is simply seen as old fashioned or redundant . 
  we did something similar to what the french does now here in norway quite a few years ago , where we removed the diacritical marks from most , if not all words . 
  it was just to simplify the writing . 
   despite it not being spellings that anyone actually uses . 
  well there is just one way to spell , the official way . 
  if you spell it any other way , you are simply spelling it wrong . 
  this is more about equalizing the pronunciation and the spelling . 
  to take my language as an example , at some point the spelling went from `` chauffeur '' to `` sj\u00e5f\u00f8r '' . 
  it was always pronounced `` sj\u00e5f\u00f8r '' even with the old spelling , but a norwegian would never have guessed how to write it without learning the word beforehand . 
  i 'm sure people bitched and complained back then as well , but i doubt you will find anyone today who would prefer to guess how to spell it with 4 redundant letters . 
  yeah go go learn arabic . 
  it 's a really useful language in the modern europe . 
  you can use it to . . eh . . talk to illegal immigrant kebab shop workers ? 
  sure . 
  i assume you mean refugees and such , and not migrant workers , but we had a lot of people coming in as refugees after the balkan conflicts in the 90 's , as well as a lot of tamil people after the sri lanka wars and pakistani people after the indo-pakistani wars in the 70 's , and the vast majority integrated just fine . 
  we 're a small country though , and we ca n't just absorb 100 000 people in one year , when that is the number we took in for the last 15 years combined , in the middle of a recession to boot . 
  there 's no housing and no jobs . 
  and there is no pretending that people from certain countries or cultures integrate much better . 
  radical islam is also very new . 
  there were no issues in norway such as wahhabi mosques and radical muslim groups up until the last 15-20 years . 
  we could probably have taken 50 000 refugees from eastern ukraine or someplace without half the problems we see today . 
  your * well , at least we learn how to both read and write . 
  is n't that something . 
  you should try it sometime , since the only person talking about 11 year olds are you . 
  pedophilia is a mental disorder . 
  it 's not something you can become by actions , and it is not the same as rape . 
  - a rapist can be a pedophile , if he is attracted to children below puberty . 
  - a pedophile can both be a rapist or not , depending if he raped someone . 
  - someone who has raped a child can both be , or not be a pedophile , depending on if he is attracted to prepubertal children or not . 
  by law he is a rapist , but he 's probably not a pedophile . 
  pedophilia is a very specific mental issue where a person only have sexual desires for children not yet entered puberty . 
  i know , i know , but try not to destroy every term we have for these things . 
  i guess it depends how you look at it . 
  the kingdom of norway is a quite new as an independent country , so i think it would have to be germany with one war . 
  unless you want to count `` the war on terror '' , 
  undoubtedly , considering an actual state controls their own currency , their own energy , water , education , social security , police , army , foreign policy , borders , and so on . 
  no , it 's not . 
  i sure do , i do n't consider them a state though . 
  to be able to spot aircraft over so large distances , you need an over the horizon radar . 
  those are huge , stationary installations that was intended used for cold war early warning systems . 
  i 'm fairly certain neither turkey nor nato operates any such system that covers turkey or the surrounding area though . 
  regular radars can only see as far as the horizon , so their range is limited by the aircraft 's altitude . 
  as an anecdote , that 's also why , when the soviet union developed far reaching anti-air missiles in the 50 's , doctrine went from high altitude bombers to very low altitude bombers . 
  until nuclear armed bombers went out of fashion that is , 
  just what the world needs . 
  another middle eastern failed state . 
  they send the police to threaten people who voice political opinion ? 
  where have we seen this before ? 
  all the important countries are in red . 
  the problem is , if the spray does n't work like it should , you just escalated the situation something fierce . 
  either the spray needs to 100 % incapacitate the attacker , or you are better off without . 
  the legal `` self defense sprays '' are also usually much weaker then ones police use , because a spray that could cause actual bodily harm is not legal to sell .
