  pick up 90 000 people this year , 5 000 drown . 
  then you pick up 100 000 next year , 6000 drown . 
  etc , etc. . 
  the reason for the problem are naive european countries that do n't want to actually participate in a refugee plan , but instead opens their borders for paperless refugees . 
  take for example sweden . 
  what do they think will happen when they say `` we will give asylum to every syrian refugee that can get to sweden '' . 
  did anyone ask themselves how they get to sweden ? 
  how many dies in the mediterranean on the way ? 
  how many are killed by human smugglers ? 
  in norway , out of 125 000 refugees as of 2013 , 80 100 were asylum seekers . 
  only 26000 were from the un refugee `` quota '' . 
  probably most of these 80 000 asylum seekers paid human smugglers for fake passports and transport . 
  it 's hard to say how many died on the way . 
  is this now wise to go against eu in this matter . 
  it will sure as hell piss off israel , and might even hurt any diplomatic negotiations . 
  the only thing this does , is cost russia money . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  it 's not any larger threat then it already was , and if a nuclear war were to happen , the number does n't matter anyway . 
  they got thousands . 
  it 's funny if we are seing a cold war nuclear weapon arms race again though . 
  the very same thing that helped break the economy of the soviet union . 
  well have a go at it i say , 
  the difference is that mandela was the leader of a violent organization , and therefore actually was guilty of something . 
  no matter how pure the message , the anc methods were not . 
  it 's something similar . 
  22 % markup on whatever they pay for it pre taxes + 8 nok per liter , with a ceiling of 110 nok profit . 
  it 's not a huge difference between low and high end stuff for that reason . 
  still people buy really low quality stuff to save 50 kroner . . 
  it 's really quite absurd , but there has been an influx of russians driving to norway to [ buy alcohol ] ( http://www.dn.no/nyheter/2014/08/12/1816/vin/russere-strmmer-til-vinmonopolet ) recently . 
  i thought we had ended up in an alternative reality when i read it . . 
  although , some of the reason is that due to the non profit aspect of `` vinmonopolet '' , our state run monopoly on wine and liquor sale , more expensive/luxurious wares are usually quite competitively priced compared with our neighbors . 
  a lot of it was crazy , but ( ... ) the specific issue involves the storage of its own citizens information which russia will require to be held on servers within its own country ( . . ) this one was not . 
  we need this as well . 
  what 's also ironic , is that some political forces in norway wish to ban mining of higher quality black coal in svalbard , where german power plants is the main export market . 
  for environmental reasons of course . 
  i 'm not sure where nazis come into the picture here , but no , nazi symbols are not illegal in norway . 
  nor is nazism . 
  funnily enough , we do n't really have any real number of them . 
  you would probably be in danger of being beat up by our militant left wing groups if you paraded around with nazi gear though . 
  however , since we 're not talking about nazism , where do you want to draw the line ? 
  are plo flags ok ? 
  how about publicly supporting eta ? 
  would it be illegal to support the syrian regime ? 
  how about supporting hamas , or maybe even go as far as hezbollah ? 
  maybe you realize what kind of pandoras box this would open . 
  if any of you idiots who think this should be illegal use your brains for two seconds , you will realize that 's exactly what the islamists want . 
  to take away our free speech . 
  germany especially needs to be dealt with . 
  either they shape up , or they are out . 
  we ca n't have a major nato member essentially leeching and simultaneously spreading discontent . 
  the richest european nato country by far , and they wo n't spend an euro more on securing europe . . 
  you do n't have to register with real id to get a phone subscription in the uk ? 
  it used to be like that in norway as well ~ 10 + years ago , but it was abused ( lot 's of donald ducks etc in the phone book ) , so now registering is mandatory . 
  their losses in that invasion was eye opening . 
  especially considering the fact that the majority of georgia 's professionally trained army was stationed in iraq , and they were essentially fighting reservists . 
  their complete failure to establish air dominance over such a small opponent was especially telling . 
  russia really lacks training and tactics in modern warfare . 
  how is it possible to spend 64 000 euro a month ? 
  this smells fishy all the way to norway . 
  something tells me some of the civil servants are taking their share of the money . 
  what the fuck is going on in tunisia ? 
  well , i 'd like to jump on the bandwagon , but . . do refugees in other countries choose where they get housed ? 
  i know that refugees in my country can also get sent to backwater , nowhere . 
  they are of course free to move to cities , but then , as in this case , they need to pay to transport themselves , and they are not guaranteed to get state sponsored housing wherever they like ( there is a big waiting list ) . 
  * i * ca n't , and wo n't compare them , but i 'm sure there are lot of jihadis who will . 
  i never meant to put them equal , just as an example on how it 's important to understand how it looks on the other side . 
  every time israel planes drop us sponsored weapons on their neighbors , for the receivers it feels just as unjust . 
  it 's not always the smart choice to answer bombs with bombs each and every time . 
  it 's really not . 
  it 's the old testament `` eye for an eye '' thinking , that is valid for both statements . 
  and who 's allies think what of who ? 
  i think you confuse me disagreeing with someones train of thought with something entirely different . 
  i hope your realize that you exact words could be turned around and used as a justification on an attack on the us and israel by al-qaeda or whoever . . 
  i wonder if china even knows where their wealth comes from . 
  talk about biting the hand that feeds . 
  downplaying this is probably the worst thing they can do . 
  make a very public shitstorm , call in the russian ambassador , expel him if need be . 
  make * very * painful , long and tedious inspections of all russian cars crossing the border . 
  make it clear that this kind of provocations against a nato country will not be tolerated , and that estonia is no longer russia 's puppet . 
  i think the americans post when we sleep , 
  anything you can distribute , hide and transport without huge logistics involved . 
  what you are writing would be the most essential . 
  good anti tank weapons ( javelin for example ) , manpads like stinger to deny enemy helicopters and transports . 
  lots of dynamite to blow all bridges and tunnels . 
  also longer range , but transportable and easy to use anti-air like buk , nasams or similar systems . 
  this would be valuable to stop the enemy from gaining complete air superiority , and force them to transport troops on the ground . 
  also important is portable artillery and mortars . 
  expensive tanks are useless , and would be taken out by airplanes in early stages . 
  airplanes are also pretty useless , as a small country ca n't have enough of them to matter . 
  vital . . to the future of the human species ? 
  when democracy fail , people have a tendency to hold democracy infallible , and instead blame any other factor . 
  the truth often is however , that people most often get the leaders they deserve . 
  when american presidents do stupid or criminal things , suddenly nobody voted for them . 
  when egypt votes in islamists that threatens the country , it 's not the peoples fault * of course * . 
  when russia has an overwhelmingly popular , but militaristic president , it 's ca n't be because people voted him in , it has to be some other unexplained factor . 
  the truth however is , that democracy does not mean `` well balanced '' , it does not mean `` good '' , it does not even mean `` sane '' . 
  all it means , is that the leadership reflect somewhat the will of the majority of the people . 
  ok , it 's time to stop with this bullshit . 
  russia is not some kind of demon that would swallow europe without blinking . 
  in fact , even when they sucker punched georgia , a tiny country that had their professional army of 2000 deployed in iraq for the entire 6 day war , they suffered very heavy casualties .
