  somehow i 'm having a hard time finding sympathy for you . 
   and it was n't `` sins of their fathers '' . 
  many of the people that committed atrocities are still alive i think that goes [ both ways ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2535926/prosecutors-charge-88-year-old-man-1944-nazi-massacre-oradour-sur-glane-642-villagers-shot-burnt.html ) , 
  you seem to be pretty offended on behalf of others , for a guy not getting offended on behalf of others . 
  and he was n't gereralizing and attacking the people of israel ? 
  but i get it . 
  the german people have no responsibility for the sins of their fathers , but all israeli do . 
  i think i can live with myself for attacking a german bashing jews . 
  yes , because clearly bashing the israeli flag for meaning `` displacement , suffering and injustice '' is the correct thing to do , but when i turn it around and say the german flag has the same meaning to a lot of people in europe , i am the one bashing people for their origin . 
  try listen to your own words before you write the next time , and you might not come of as the giant jackass you are . 
  well , i do n't think `` this type of thing '' regularly happens in sweden either . 
  but norway is a much smaller country then sweden , and in some ways we are more sheltered from stuff like this . 
  but we do love to flag though !, 
  many people have their own f [ lag poles ] ( http://www.mekk.no/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/upload/176114.jpg ) , so they can really put up the big flags, 
  that 's pretty funny , coming from someone toting the german flag , 
  is it an odd thing to do ? 
  people flag all the time . 
  talking about ethnicity is not racist . 
  but if you rank ethnicities based on a perceived worth , it is . 
  i 'm not sure i can explain it any better . 
  no , it really does not . 
  what would actually be racist though , is a thought that white people ca n't be poor or oppressed , because of some notion of superiority . 
  or that people of color should not be held to the same standards , because of a notion of lesser worth . 
  stop misusing that word please . 
  anti immigration does not mean he thinks his race superior to others , nor that he is prejudice based on ethnicity . 
  there are plenty of accurate words in the dictionary you can use if you wish to label people . 
  for example xenophobic . 
  that 's the 80 's for you . . mustaches everywhere, 
  it may be legal , but it is rather unprecedented . 
  i ca n't recall a single episode where an embassy has been stripped of its status . 
  the uk would have to just about sever diplomatic ties with equador to do it . 
  have you ever heard of a country severing diplomatic ties with another to get someone wanted for questioning for a sex crime in another country ? 
  even the fact they threatened to do it gives away the powers lurking in the shadows . 
  not for lack of trying . 
  hell , the uk almost broke every single diplomatic rule there is , and wanted to [ storm the ecuadorian embassy with police ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/08/16/us-wikileaks-assange-ecuador-idusbre87e16n20120816 ) . 
  to get a man wanted for questioning on minor sexual charges in sweden . 
  yup . 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with the sexual assault charges imo , and everything to do with the fact sweden absolutely refused to guarantee not to extradite him to the us if he goes over for questioning . 
  nobody holes up for years in a london embassy fearing a very minor sexual assault charge that could give him what , a slap on the hand and 3 weeks prison . 
  and people wonder why ukip is so popular . 
  murder is also far , far more severe then simply beating a person up or slapping a stranger on the street . 
  both are illegal however , the only difference is the severity of your punishment . 
  now , when it comes to genital mutilation , one is highly illegal , and one is not only legal , but performed for free in public hospitals . 
  that is the kind of discrimination we are facing . 
  at one end , boy children are sacrificed in the name of cultural and religious understanding , and on the other , the same cultural and religious practices are condemned and lead to prison time . 
  i am not trying to take anything away from the crime that is genital mutilation , but simply pointing out the huge , glaring hypocrisy in the discussions about the matter . 
  evacuating a city because of radioactive dust would cause far more deaths then doing nothing , which would most likely cause zero . 
  sigh . 
  there are a lot of roma people in the world . 
  however , speaking out against organized gangs that travel between european capitols to do crime does not mean you are racist against the other group . 
  grow up . 
  maybe people now understand how it feels when the us/europe is the ones arming rebels in the third world . . russia is following the cia instruction manual . 
  i was conscripted some years ago , and it was interesting . 
  i think it exists because it is hard for small countries to have a professional army , but it 's slowly changing even there into smaller , more specialized armies . 
  i ca n't say i regret it . 
  i got to experience northern norway in all seasons , some cool vehicles and a 10 day nato exercise . 
  gah , i just could not phrase that correctly in english . 
  what i meant if for example socialists think 100 % of the population should vote socialist , and if they do n't something is wrong with them . 
  stuff like that . 
  and i do believe people vote with other peoples interest in mind all the time . 
  even in switzerland with a direct democracy , they still have taxes , 
  sometimes i get a feeling a lot of people think a democracy means people only should vote on things they themselves like . 
  no regard for other peoples opinions . 
  and if the elections do n't go their way , something is wrong with the system , the candidates , or the voters . 
  according to some , everyone who is anti immigration is full blown racists . 
  it goes both ways . 
  a country with a dependence on trains or ship transport would also have fewer vehicles then a country dependent on transport by road . 
  also i assume densely populated countries will have fewer vehicles due to the reduced traveling distances . 
  in short , sweden , finland and norway need cars more then the danes do . 
  as for why the small , densely populated countries like the netherlands and belgium have so many vehicles i have no idea , but i can only assume it has something to do with cargo transport . 
  it sounds like humorous expression from the military . 
  `` zulu '' is nato phonetic alphabet for `` z '' . 
  honolulu is just because it rhymes i guess :d, 
  who will pay for that i wonder . . moldova is a small country . 
  ukraine is broke , heavily debted , has 44 million inhabitants and just lost the part of their country that actually made money . 
  it 's not like there is n't enough problem in the existing eu countries . 
  i meant our system for child protection system . 
  i 'm not sure what you would call it . 
  the organization who would take children from unfit parents and put them in foster homes . 
  basically they have a history of human right breaches . 
  while you might find it funny , it does not mean the criticism is unfounded . 
  especially the parts about child welfare and prisoner abuse . 
  i in fact found b\u00f8rge brendes response to be incredible rude , as in fact we ourself do not support these fundamental human rights . 
  just because they are worse , does not make what we do right . 
  personally i think it 's very nice of both russia and saudi arabia to point the finger back at us , so the world can see that these tings also happen in the `` perfect '' part of the world . 
  for several years on end , nobody in has lifted a finger to remedy the situation , even after large media discussion about the topic , so it 's clear to me foreign intervention is needed for things to happen . 
  you forget one very important thing . 
  we ca n't influence american politics or `` pressure '' them in any meaningful way . 
  americans can . 
  especially american corporate lobbyists . 
  give their industry a real incentive to lobby , and they will get it done . 
  their industry will never give up their most important foreign market without one hell of a fight . 
  so be it . 
  that will give european services a chance . 
  or are you suggesting we give up and just follow american laws ? 
  well , that 's why they need to be penalized . 
  a couple billion euros in fines is a good start . 
  i 'm sure that will put a fire under their lawyers asses . 
  tourists or people from outside the cities are often not accustomed to the gypsies and their tactics . 
  i guess it 's time for europe to actually penalize american companies who wo n't work in accord with european laws .
