  newspaper is solid , but it 's not an article , it 's an `` opinion debate '' , and the author is a politician , so it 's obviously politically motivated . 
  most of his opinions on there are pretty factual though . 
  . . power ? 
  the eu basically bluffed , and israel called it . 
  no politician will even raise their voice over such a small issue . 
  it is called diplomacy . 
  the thing i do n't really get , is how they plan to make this filter work in real life . 
  i mean , do they possess new technology that enables them to filter out pornography automatically ? 
  do they plan on manually filter by domain or ip ? 
  how will people in the uk know what pages are filtered or not ? 
  will they block 4chan , tumblr , imgur , reddit , search engines , blogs , all file sharing sites , cloud systems etc that can contain porn ? 
  could be something went wrong , and the thiefs got rid of the evidence . 
  these statistics are , as most statistics , fairly inaccurate . 
  alcohol consumption for norway is around half of what it really is , due to unreported alcohol from sweden , tax free , smugling etc. 
  it 's more a chart over countries ranked by alcohol price i guess , 
  if you want to discuss internal norwegian politics this is not the place . 
  a part of the problem is that norway has kind of dug it 's own grave with heavy subsidies on agriculture and industry , and shelter norwegian production with import tax . 
  the cost of living in norway is also way to high compared to the rest of europe . 
  joining eu at the present date would cause a lot of bankruptcy due to foreign competition . 
  of course this is a problem to need to be addressed sooner or later , but the current administration only knows two words : tax and spend . 
  we really need a greater scandinavian military union to replace nato . 
  scotland can join too . 
  attacks have been made in yemen and somalia also . 
  well who 's fault is it then . 
  mine ? 
  europes ? 
  africas ? 
  change can only come from within . 
  you are correct that there are over 300 million americans . 
  300 million who can vote for anybody they wish . 
  what are you going to bet against that on the next american election , there is going to be a new obama or a new bush elected ? 
  exactly . 
  and `` cunts like me '' have a problem with your government because we have no way to influence them . 
  except whine . 
  so we whine . 
  i would actually trade my right to vote in my home country for the right to vote in america , because america has more ( negative ) influence here then my own fucking government . 
  standard response of the democratic voting masses when questioned about their leaders actions . 
   at the other extreme , the biggest decrease of co2 emissions came from the us . 
  in europe 's emissions declined , though at a slower rate than in previous years . 
  `` that 's highly surprising , '' r\u00fchl said . 
  `` we think about the european union as an entity which has decades of energy and climate change policies behind it , and the us as an entity where climate policy is not particularly prominent . '' that is actually the opposite of surprising . 
  it is because europe has had decades of emission regulations that the european emissions decline slower then in the us . 
  the us can simply cut a lot of dirty coal based industry that is long gone or heavily regulated in the eu zone , due to cheap shale gas . 
  what gives you the right to eavesdrop on the whole of europes communication due to a domestic issue ? 
  he said years , not 6-7 decades . 
  you can take your world wars and your soviets and shove it somewhere else . 
  americas past `` glory '' does not excuse modern crimes . 
  the reason i made that connection is to understand the relationship we have between humans and animals . 
  we kill them . 
  we eat them . 
  we skin them . 
  we fish them . 
  there are already laws to protect animals against cruelty , that would in fact already cover violent sexual behavior , aka rape that harms animals in any way . 
  to specifically make laws to prohibit sexual contact between all animals and all humans , makes no sense from a legal or secular point of view . 
  it would also , in effect , make breeding by sperm collecting illegal , as yes , they jack off animals . 
  that is sexual , at least to the animal . 
  the whole thing stinks of religious moralizing . 
  also , stop derailing with pedophilia , you might as well bring in hitler . 
  but animals are not people . 
  you must agree its weird you can legally shoot , eat your animals but not non-violently have sex with them . 
  in any case we should not compare animals to humans . 
   - we are tightening the rules around bestiality because there should be absolutely no doubt about that it is prohibited to torture animals in this way , says minister for rural affairs eskil erlandsson ( c ) . 
  does that also mean that he regards all sex between animals as torture ? 
  i 'm hard presses to see the difference between a dog shagging a dog and for example a dog shagging a woman . 
  just seems moralist to me , unless you are physically harming them . 
  well , it was n't now , was it . 
  it 's was 36 years ago . 
  statue of limitations , and the americans did not present a reasonable claim . 
  it 's not weird at all . 
  many european countries extradite to the us ( just remember that whole roman polanski mess ) . 
  even if he could find a non-extraditing european country , he could probably never travel safely in europe . 
  not to mention that the cia operates relatively freely in europe . 
  kidnapping him would not be out of their reach . 
  it 's a club called the european union . 
  and germany kind of started it with their buddy france . 
  that club then decided people can move freely within that union . 
  then they kind of begged/forced/coerced most of europe to join that union . 
  that is why germany should fucking take their share of the immigrants , instead of expecting the rest to deal with germanys problems . 
  you started it germany , not us . 
  i would not place that bet if i were you  higher crime rates among eastern european immigrants is pretty well documented . 
  ... and how will that help germanys neighboring countries that now will get even larger problems ? 
  thank you germany . . 
  since you ask what i would do with them , there is the core of the problem . 
  i see no reason to ship war refugees over half the world to a country they have no chance to succeed in . 
  why do they pile up in small european countries that are ill prepared . 
  basically , in the united nations need to agree to a smart relocation plan , where everyone pays , but the refugees end up foremost in a place they can thrive . 
  places with work , places where they speak the language , places with similar cultures and so on . 
  i know this might seem just like a plan to get rid of them , but hear me out . 
  one single arab asylum seeker costs norway over 500 000 euro . 
  this is due to norways high cost of living , ill preparation , language training , reschooling and so on . 
  for the same sum of money , you could probably pay for a country like jordan to accommodate 5 , and in jordan they actually have a chance to thrive and not become isolated social welfare clients . 
  it 's important to differ between work immigrants and asylum seekers . 
  you are talking about work immigrants , that generally move where they find work . 
  nobody has an issue with this . 
  asylum seekers on the other hand , becomes a problem when you pile up a houndred thousand of them without any plan in mind . 
  most of these have no education that is accepted in their host country . 
  many are from cultures vastly different from european culture . 
  most have huge language problems . 
  it 's not exactly a shock that ghettos occur when you let this go on without any plan . 
  it 's not racist to point this out .
