  people are not racist if they do not want to live in arab speaking swedish cities . 
  there needs to be control on the immigration , there must be a plan to avoid ghettos forming . 
  it should be debated and discussed , not hushed down . 
  it seems you are implying rioting in stockholm is a regular occurrence , and that it only is reported when brown people do it . 
  that is just not true , and you are trying to remove the focus from the guilty part , implying anyone who speaks up about the problems are racist . 
  it must be allowed to debate immigration problems without being immediately called racist . 
  i do n't see how anyone can be surprised . 
  least of all the politicians that created the ghettos in the first place . 
  i 'm just saying the article is full of factually errors and nonsense , not that criticism is not allowed . 
  the journalist quote a few random persons for some conflicting answers , then hype it up so we should believe they have a sharia council . 
  oh and a fyi to the journalist , a `` kafir '' or `` kaffirs '' is a denigrating arabic term for a infidel . 
  i highly doubt it 's the old south african colonial rule that has come back to dutch suburbs . 
  even if the article is mostly bullshit , the growing ghettos in european cities are worrying . 
  after the ghettos are established , they will just grow . 
  well , first off , they do n't want to exterminate ( kill ) jews , homosexuals , disabled people , gypsies and many others . 
  secondly , they do n't want to build a third reich of aryan people in europe . 
  third , they do n't follow the teachings of adolf hitler . 
  i suppose you can see why they are not nazis . 
  calling every right wing opponent nazi is just plain wrong . 
  listen to what they have to say , correct their factual mistake , but do not mock , or ridicule your opponents on a factually wrong basis . 
  no , nf are not nazis . 
  they are a nationalist political party with fascist undertones . 
  too true . 
  to label nationalists as nazis is about as accurate as to label all socialists stalinists . 
  on a side note , i suppose there technically could still be a few still living nazis around , but i doubt they will make any problems for anyone  i guess people forget that the most efficient way to create underground political movements is to deny people the chance to participate . 
  what a huge level of bullshit . 
  rock bands , country bands , rappers , blues and jazz artists , do you think they get subsidized [ 200 euro ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;eotf=1&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.sb.no%2fnyheter%2fmeninger%2futrolige-subsidier-1.996360&amp;act=url ) per concert ticket ? 
  it 's cultural elitism . 
  middle aged , solid income people who get cheap tickets on the expense of the youth . 
  to even compare , the next time i go to a rock concert , i not only should get a free plane ticket and free concert ticket , but champagne at the door . 
  still , one music festival after another goes bankrupt . 
  where are the government millions then ? 
   loser : norway , with anders breivik . 
  that 's just not fair . 
  we 're the current world champion at killing sprees . 
   nobody asked russians in eastern ukraine if they want their land to be a part of ukraine . 
  nobody asked the russians . . living in eastern ukraine . . if they wanted their land to be a part of ukraine . 
  well , maybe they did , in 1917 . who knows . 
  the bigger question however is , did russia ask all ukrainians if they wanted to became soviets when they incorporated ukraine in 1919 and proceeded to forcefully starve the people to such an extent up to 7 million people died ? 
  and did russia ask the crimean tatars if they wanted their homeland to be russian when they annexed crimea ? 
  did russia ask the chechen people if they wanted their land to be russian when they invaded , annexed and forcefully absorbed into the soviet union in 1921 ? 
  did they ? 
  did russia ask the dagestanians if they wanted to be russian territory when they forcefully invaded , captured and annexed dagestan in 1921 ? 
  did russia ask for permission from the ethnic people of estonia , lithuania and latvia before they invaded , annexed and forcefully migrated hundreds of thousands of russians there in 1940 ? 
  did russia ask the inhabitants of karelia if they wanted to live in russia when they invaded finland and stole the land in 44 ? 
  hmm ? 
  did russia ask the ethnic polish people if they wanted to live in russia when they split poland amongst themselves in cooperation with nazi germany in 1939 ? 
  do you want me to continue ? 
  because the list is about 2 a4 pages long . 
  most of above is also valid for norway . 
  the police can search you without warrants . 
  it 's actually illegal to not do everything the police say , even when the police does illegal things . 
  it 's illegal to cover your face in demonstrations . 
  you can be detained without a trial for 48 hours legally , but in reality people have been sitting for a week and longer . 
  and 4.5 million ethnic [ norwegians in usa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_american ) . 
  [ 10 million ethnic poles ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_american ) . 
  what 's your point ? 
  same with norway . 
  maybe 30 kilometers of 110 km/h road all together , and the vast majority is 80 km/h and below . 
   `` and in norway , the newspaper dagbladet published a controversial cartoon in may that appeared to be mocking the practice of circumcision . '' is it possible to be more wrong ? 
  the cartoons were satire against the practice of circumcision on infants . 
  a two week old child [ died ] ( http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/iriks/gutt-dode-etter-omskjaring-i-oslo-6827154.html ) in norway due to this practice . 
  a muslim boy , not jewish . 
  i honestly get so angry . . 
  the lies , the deception , pulling the racism card . . 
  it 's actually quite interesting . 
  first the gas is transported to a liquification facility with ordinary pipes , where it is purified . 
  then they chill the gas to -162 celsius under slight pressure , turning the gas liquid . 
  the liquid can then be easily transferred to tanks in a ship without the thick walls usually needed to handle the pressure of compressed gas . 
  when you reach your destination , the ship transfers the liquid to a regasification facility . 
  the only thing you need to do to make the liquid into gas again is to heat it up , something you can do using seawater . 
  i 'm sorry if you are joking or are sarcastic , but this has nothing to do with safety of children . 
  it was the teachers union that took up the issue with the `` work environment agency '' , as the premises was not a safe workplace for the teachers , due to threats , criminal behavior from students and gangs . 
  oh , i forgot , russia really likes to blame everyone else as well . 
  `` we ca n't kill a few thousands dill people ? 
  but france does it , ` murica does it , bla bla bla '' . 
  except that one of the states kidnapped the estonian just to swap him back . 
  ergo it 's only a win for russia . 
  estonia took it from behind . 
  russia * really * likes to play the victim . 
  kidnap people from neighbor countries , invade and annex crimea , kill thousands of ukrainians , create a new cold war and arms race . 
  `` why do europe hate us so much ?? '', 
  take a step back and guess . 
   that mod has been de-modded just for asking for better procedures to handle obvious non-community spam really ? 
  like procedures on how to prevent posts from people with `` self declared right wing views '' getting upvotes ? 
  and how to prevent posts about immigration getting upvoted ? 
  i guess the members who do n't get money can just stop their payments as well then . 
   you 're logic here is so braindead i 'm even tempted to invoke poe 's law . . \\* your . 
  oh i 'm sure people use it for all sorts of things . 
  does n't remove the stigma though . 
  and when when people use it while throwing molotovs and stones at the police , they do n't mean it as a wedding celebration or because their team won in football . 
   does it matter ? 
  `` allah akbar '' is no different from a `` thank god '' , `` god help us '' , etc , etc , etc. 
  except arabs use those words as a battle cry and when they blow themselves up or whatever . 
  if you do n't think there is a difference , go watch some videos on / r/combatfootage or something , and tell me just how many videos involving arab extremists where those words are not used in that context . 
  there would be a pretty large stigma against `` thank god '' also , if it was used in that context over and over . 
  and what are you on about ? 
  do you think the eu will take migrants out of norway ? 
  did you even read the article ? 
  because it says so in the article .
