  as for the church burnings , it 's not an open and shut case . 
  a lot of people in the metal scene basically blamed him for everything at the time to get themselves out of trouble , and he never confessed to burning them , even though he confessed to the other charges . 
  he was also acquitted for a church burning by the jury , but it was overruled by the judge ( they can do that in norway ) . 
  it 's quite an interesting story . 
  well he is , but i ca n't help but wonder how things would have turned out if he got help for his mental problems in his youth , instead of being made an example of with a 21 year prison sentence, 
  misleading title . 
  he is not on trial for terrorist planning , but for racism charges . 
  norway had a problem with eco terrorists in the 90 's . 
  paul watson , a criminal convicted in norway for sabotage , hid and escaped extradition in , suprise suprise , the netherlands . 
  safe to say i do n't value the dutch 's word here . 
  same thing happens when they are crossed with norway for whatever reason they find or make up . 
  suddenly the norwegian fish or other products are very toxic and never quite seem to make it through the safety tests . 
  it 's like dealing with children 's tantrum . . 
  now please , i 'm a firm opponent of both infant circumcision and religion , but this has absolutely nothing to do with sexual abuse . 
   removing the foreskin is a religious issue , a matter of freedom and rights . 
  hypocritical in itself . 
  by giving the parents these rights , you are taking the same rights of religious freedom and choice away from the child . 
  i see your point . 
  however , i also believe ( not 100 % sure ) , that even with a guardian present , tanning salons are not allowed to service children . 
  so my point was that a parent or guardian can have their child taken for circumcision , but they can not legally take their child for tanning . 
  i 'm sorry if i was unclear . 
  yes , it 's all a plot just to annoy the religious . 
  it has nothing to do with performing unnecessary and potentially dangerous operations on children . 
  in norway , there is 18 years age limit on using tanning beds . 
  penis mutilation however , no limit . 
  it 's a mad , mad world . 
  exactly . 
  no tattoo artist in their right mind would tattoo infants , nor would it be legal . 
  why should cutting off penis parts be . 
  i must have missed the memo where china became a continent with other sovereign states in it . 
  i 'm done with this discussion . 
  you got your examples mixed up if you were somehow trying to school me here . 
  peoples republic of china , also the historic land of china is the original . 
  almost nobody would accept that the taiwanese presented themselves as chinese , or as china . 
  only a handful of states recognize them as that . 
  no , but i dont call them `` asia '' either . 
  and when shit hits the fan and someone needs to clean up the mess , all the weapons the west shipped into the conflict gets turned back on us . 
  as usual . 
  and we never learn . 
  a more proper name would be `` the united states '' , `` the us '' , or the full name `` the united states of america '' . 
  they have named themselves unfortunately , but that does not mean they can claim the continents name as their own . 
  misleading title . 
  the argument was only for android operating system , not open source software in general . 
  diversifying the economy does not equal reduction in oil activity . 
  the point is to try and grow non-oil based industry , not shrink the oil industry , by promoting growth in other industries . 
  the oil will after all run out in the near future . 
  but yes , lower taxes on key areas would be one way to do it . 
  well , the swedish data surveillance law is pretty recent , 2008 i think , and before that sweden was the most advanced country in telecommunications in scandinavia , so it was natural to connect to europe through their backbone . 
  we 'll just see if anything happens about it , but i have my doubts . 
  i think it 's high time we cut our cables to sweden and start building some sea cables . . 
  i guess the vpn companies can thank swedish spying and anti pirates for the booming business in norway lately . . 
  i still do n't get it . 
  most of what i would call free countries allows `` nazi '' marches . 
  are they mocking themselves ? 
  that is very reasonable . 
  in norway , no new laws can have retroactive effect also . 
  well doing some quick math , there are around [ 20300 ] ( http://www.oecd.org/social/family/sf3.1%20marriage%20and%20divorce%20rate%20-%20updated%20240212.pdf ) heterosexual marriages per month , so roughly 61 000 per 3 months . 
  if we say 5 % of the population is gay , that would equate to around 3000 homosexual marriages in the same 3 month time span , if homosexuals and heterosexuals married at the same frequency . 
  why should they . 
  eu members are , contrary to popular belief , free to conduct their own foreign policy . 
  huh , that sounds a bit odd . 
  so you ca n't for example go to jail for stealing or drunk driving ? 
  or is the sentencing generally harsh ? 
   oslo mayor fabian stang , after lobbying from the us embassy , has written to defence minister anne-grete str\u00f8m-erichsen asking her to reconsider i was not aware that apple controlled the us ambassadors ? 
  what incentive does the uk have to be in a union that directly opposes their interests ? 
  a few years ago the norwegian state railways decided train drivers could no longer carry weapons . 
  this had the effect that when they hit reindeer herds , they had to call the authorities and have them send out people to kill the wounded animals . 
  in rural areas this could take hours , and some times they had to kill them with hammers or other weapons . . thankfully , in the end they were allowed to bring weapons again though . 
  as a norwegian , it 's important to point out that the prize is handed out by a small group of very senile ex-politicians . 
  sweden please take the prize back home so you can get the blame next time . 
  i think you do n't get the problem . 
  brits know they have a lot of cameras on them , they are the one that put em up . 
  the dutch wiretap their own . 
  the data retention directive is for domestic use only , and is being shot down at the moment . 
  not one single post-cold war example of yours is european countries actively spying on us citizens on us soil . 
  what the us does is exactly that . 
  they actively seek out and record data from allied countries , from common folks to politicians , even from the offices of eu officials . 
  your examples are not espionage . 
  what the us currently does is . 
  or well , bar the swedes , but they are a pretty shady bunch . 
  and even then , you need to actually send the data through sweden . 
  i doubt that is something that happens a lot to americans . 
   josef foschepoth : no , not really . 
  i was surprised instead by the initial reactions , in particular , from the political side . 
  they were as if this had happened for the first time , as if it was something terribly bad and unique . 
  but that is not the case . 
  from my own research , i know that this happened countless times in the 1960s in germany . 
  i do n't even ... a lot of things happened in 60 's europe . 
  it 's also 22 years since the fall of the soviet union . 
  is it impossible to be shocked that the spying is still going on ? 
  i like to believe europe has changed ever so slightly since the cold war ? 
  spying is not unique in history , that is true . 
  neither is torture . 
  i still like to believe people would react if european countries do it . 
  politics is funny business . 
  i think a major part of having great power is to show restraint in using it . 
  there is no doubt the eu could show muscles , but i doubt it would do anything at all apart from making new enemies . 
  at least when you have friends you can influence and guide them . 
  please be kind and quote relevant parts so it 's easier to understand . 
  i do n't see how your example fits .
