  the plan is to take 120 000 migrants from southern europe and ship them north , painstakingly making it clear that norway have to accept migrants , or be booted out of the dublin deal . 
   oh , right . 
  you also think norway is in the eu . 
  nevermind then . 
  oh look , another moron . 
  norway is member of the majority of eu regulations , including all relevant to migration . 
  this affects us just as much as any eu country . 
  and the quotas germany talk about does not take into account to the tens of thousands we already have taken in . 
  any quota would mean that we would have to start taking on eu 's migrants in addition to our own . 
  [ so much has been made clear ] ( https://euobserver.com/migration/130186 ) . 
   everyone lives by the same rules in the public space and those rules are decided by society as a whole . 
  not happening . 
  if that were the case , every single law about religious discrimination , every special treatment , every exemption on religious basis , every single little differential treatment would have to go . 
  i 'm for it . 
  society clearly is not . 
  the religious will keep demanding special treatment , and idiots will keep giving it to them . 
  think i do n't know that ? 
  we 're still bound by eea , efta , schengen , dublin and all the other shit our glorious leaders have signed . 
  including germany 's proposed refugee quotas . 
  we 're just not allowed a vote in the matter , because fuck norway . 
  no , but we were stupid enough to sign the treaties , including the dublin and eea . 
  in better times that is . 
  if germany wants syrians , fly or boat down and get them yourself . 
  from un quotas . 
  there are literally hundreds of thousands of them just waiting in queue . 
  norway recently decided to take in 8000 that way . 
  instead germany elects to fuel the worst human smuggling ring on the planet to take in people who can afford to pay tens of thousands of euros to cherry pick their new european home , and who has a sub 50 % chance of actually being from syria in the first place . 
  and you can spare your pathetic attempts at making this about me . 
  the only disgrace here is germany . 
  that people dies in ship wrecks is a direct consequence of german policy of inviting people from the third world with open arms , but doing jack shit to bring them here safely or to stop human smugglers , and also nothing to actually register them in germany . 
  in essence turning germany into human smuggler central . 
  all while standing on their fucking 5 kilometer tall pedestals talking down on the people desperately trying to follow the laws and fixing germany 's mess . 
  same with norway . 
  we spend 1 % of gdp ( ! ), 
  on foreign aid as it is , and the only countries in eu who accepts more refugees and asylum seekers per capita are sweden and germany . 
  and still germany feels they can bully us around . 
  germany can fuck off . 
   which at that time was not a failed state . 
  yeah ... \\* whistles innocently \\* it was n't us !, 
  anyhow , it seems to me just a slightly tad double standards to first bomb libya to pieces in 2011 , and then say `` but that would infringe on the maritime borders of libya '' a couple years later . 
  this is just a play to the gallery , and will result in nothing . 
  if anything should be done at all against people smugglers , military action on libyan soil is necessary . 
  i wonder how many years of deliberations the useless eu would have to take to approve that . 
  finally the feminists are back on track . 
  more of this please . 
   the proposal is a significant step down from what the european leaders originally wanted : the council 's blessing to conduct military operations along the libyan coast , on land and water , to seize and disrupt the smugglers . 
  they dropped those plans when they failed to secure libyan consent . 
  ( ... ) the libyan authorities recognized by the west said they did not even control the coastline from which most of the smugglers departed . 
  i just love this . 
  one of the main arguments for how military action against is in syria without obtaining consent was legal , was that the syrian government was not in control of the areas . 
  germany should accept , but say that they ca n't leave such generosity unanswered , and promptly build 250 churches in saudi arabia as a return gift, 
  i think that 's be cause there are two `` camps '' of refugees . 
  you have the silent minority of people who are actually in need , and the majority of people who are after economic gain . 
  it 's easy to project this loud and arrogant group as `` the refugees '' , because this group is turning the very word into an euphemism at the moment , to be used in sarcasm . 
  it does n't help any to treat the whole group as actual refugees though , because it 's the illegal asylant group that is destroying everything for the rest . 
  not the people in here . 
  focus need to be on stopping the vast resources and time spent on illegal asylants , and those resources and time are spent because eu countries are afraid to call a spade a spade . 
  i have no idea what you said , because it makes no sense . 
  we have to be allowed to post negative stories as well . 
  people will make up their own minds of the available facts . 
  so if we post a story , we are required to post another story of a different refugee who actually are in need , to balance it out ? 
  or should we only post stories positive to immigration ? 
   also , fria tider is a shitty newspaper and an even shittier source . 
  it 's interesting however that the mainstream swedish media chooses to hide these facts , forcing people to turn to sites like these for information . 
  you guys have actually managed to turn far right nationalist papers into a medium for truth , probably increasing their reach exponentially . 
  you know , greece 's membership hangs in a thin enough thread as it is . . that would only lead to greece being exluded from schengen and their visas or id 's no longer being valid in the union . 
  no you ca n't , but if they refuse , you are supposed to deport them back to the eu country they came from , not put them on a train to denmark . 
  i know it 's a hard concept , but come on . 
  it 's like children rule all over europe , afraid to rule by law to not seem racist . 
  `` oh , it 's election year , i ca n't deport these poor people . 
  let 's ship them to denmark instead '' . 
   that 's not germany 's doing ( ... )  so germany let them pass . 
  i guess germany already forgot what they are supposed to be doing , in accord with the regulations we all agreed on . 
  you wo n't send them back . 
  you wo n't register them in germany . 
  so you are a transit country for illegal trafficking , and it 's so bad denmark have to close the borders . 
  and you do n't see a problem there ? 
  oh yes , how horrible it would be for the poor syrians to have be registered in austria , when germany circumvented the dublin accord and took them in anyway ? 
  i really ca n't think of a worse fate for anyone on this planet than to live in austria , for sure . 
  not to mention hungary . 
  i mean , how does even hungarians live there ? 
  it must be a real struggle just to survive , since it clearly is a worse faith than a bombed out syria . 
  and then after all that , germany does n't eve have the decency to take them . 
  just ships them off north . 
  real great job guys . 
  part of me wants to say `` let them go to sweden , it 's swedens own fault '' . 
  then i remember we 're connected to sweden through schengen and efta , and we 'll be the ones paying for swedens mistakes when their asylum system breaks down . 
  finally a voice of reason . 
  hear hear . 
  the ones who can afford to pay tens of thousands of euros for passage with human smugglers while breaking every asylum law in the book , until they find just the right rich , naive , b\u00f6rk speaking country to reside in , are the ones idiots cry the most over . 
  understand it who can . . 
  per capita they have a higher gdp , but the country is much smaller and more homogeneous . 
  if you carefully and on purpose choose your words to convey a propaganda message , you do in fact lie , even if you do n't actually say the words . 
  to say they do n't is just semantics . 
  the problem is that the bbc is making shit up that is implying the hungarian police is violent . 
  `` the police put on riot gear , and this woman ended up on the tracks screaming for help '' . 
  what does that sound like ? 
  yeah , that 's right . 
  it reminds me of the `` pallywood '' videos that was in the media a few years ago , when it came to light that several news agencies pretty much filmed scripted events and used them with a different narrative , painting them as true events in much a similar way . 
  except that about all the news agencies just filmed it , and they could have asked just about anyone ?
