  or that you can visit or work in switzerland ? 
  i would wish nothing more than my country withdrawing from efta , and instead engage in a nordic trade union with britain and scotland . 
  the eu has shown itself as incredibly incompetent but power hungry german puppet . 
  each year , the eu does not unite europe more . 
  it divides it into battlefronts . 
  nobody is going to wade through 50 kilometers of snow and forest to smuggle themselves into norway from sweden or finland on foot . 
  all you need to realistically watch are the roads . 
  the border to russia is militarized and you have to cross a river unless you take the only road . 
  i think germany should brush up on the definition of `` refugee '' themselves . 
  because newsflash , traveling from a safe country because you are poor does not count . 
  enough with treating everyone as refugees when the majority is not . 
  every single one who come in boats to greece etc are people who use people smugglers to cheat the system . 
  they come from safe countries like turkey , but does not want to wait to be granted refugee status and relocation through the un . 
  they rather want to pay the smugglers to get their foot in the door now . 
  preferably to the richest country they can find . 
  then they line up on the borders when they are closed . 
  `` let us through '' . 
  because they do n't want to stay in a safe country , they want to stay in a rich country . 
  the balkans , central europe and eastern europe they skip as fast as they possibly can . 
  hell , literally thousands of people are currently knocking on the door to the uk in calais . 
  because apparently france is n't `` safe enough '' or `` rich enough '' to bother seek asylum in . 
  change of dying . . humbug . 
  the only chance of dying is when they sabotage the shoddy boats the people smugglers issue them so they have to be picked up by the coast guard . 
   she wants peace in the middle east and i want a pet unicorn . 
  but i understand that i ca n't have my wish . 
   but she rejected the proposal backed by many in germany to introduce an upper limit on migration . 
  there was no point , she said , in making a promise she could n't keep . 
  in contrast with every other promise that politicians make ? 
  let me rephrase that . 
  you ca n't legally marry in england without being a ) above the age of 18 b ) signing a document if you can do legal trickery to transfer said signature online i do n't really know . 
  but i do know this is n't marriage . 
  the rest of the books are probably banned . 
  that 's not a threat , it 's what everybody wants . 
  in norway roughly that period is called simply `` unionstiden , or `` the union period '' after the union with sweden from 1814 to 1905 . 
  norway had adopted a constitution in 1814 , and gained a much broader self governance compared to the earlier period under denmark , after a brief war with sweden ended with a peace treaty it was was marked by a rather large nationalism movement that culminated in the creation of nynorsk , a written language based on norwegian dialects that ultimately failed to gain popularity . 
  the art , music and theater from this period is also regarded very highly . 
  what 's this . 
  first they start talking about personal attacks , then they swiftly jump over to stabbings and death threats . 
  seems to me like they want a law to forbid people personally and publicly criticizing politicians , and use these extreme cases of violence to push it through . 
   `` it 's not about the insults , it 's about the violation of private life , '' said landsberg . 
  `` under the current law , stalking is defined as a constant impairment to someone 's life , and that 's very hard to prove , and that 's what we want to change . '', 
  what does that even mean . 
  jail for insulting politicians on twitter , like in certain countries that starts with t ? 
  if it makes you feel more secure in public , you can buy legal self defense sprays to use as a key chain etc. 
  i know it will most definitely will be dropped the second you make a police report , but you should still report it . 
  if anything , it will give the police a better statistic of crime and hotspots . 
  `` married '' . 
  you ca n't marry over the internet . 
  this is at worst a skype date . 
  well yeah . 
  but he 's outright saying that he has no respect for the courts or the constitution , and that he feels he is above the law . 
  not exactly a good sign for a democracy . 
   the will of the people of the eu was to accept the quotas - the results of the vote were 20-4 in favor . 
  that 's the will of 20 countries to impose something on the 4 remaining . 
  the eu is not a state . 
  the people of those 4 countries did not vote in the leaders of the 20 other . 
  of course , nothing is hindering the remaining 20 in relocating as many refugees as they see fit among each other . 
   for that money we could have fed a lot of refugees in syria , lebanon or turkey . 
  now some officials got nice free vacation in italy and greece . 
  i must admit i laughed pretty hard last summer when people from norway took time off their jobs to travel to greece to `` help refugees '' . 
  yeah , people who felt their time was best spent handing out water to people on a beach in greece . 
  just going to work and donating a couple hundred euros a month to the red cross or something would do ten times as much . 
  but then you wo n't get your media attention coupled with a vacation i guess . 
  the only way to do that is to remove the right of free movement within the eu . 
  i guess it depends on how much you guys want to gut the union . 
  do you know how politics work ? 
  besides , do n't pretend mass immigration is a small problem either . 
  pile it on top of the rest of the problems , and you get more problems . 
  civil unrest etc. 
   but to suggest iran is a kinder country than the us because of a lack of interventionism is wrong . 
  it 's like saying the petty thief with a knife is nicer than the terrorist with a bomb . 
  i never said iran was innocent . 
  i asked for sources that iran are an active cause for the crisis in the arab world today . 
  which they are n't . 
  iran is a small player . 
  but what the us is doing is the same as dropping a nuclear bomb on a candy shop to prevent your petty thief stealing a chocolate . 
  the total and utter american obsession with painting iran as some kind of bond-villain-esque country that at any moments notice will deploy their super weapons to eradicate the earth with lasers and whatnot has lead to the us cooperating with terrorists , supporting saddam hussain in using chemical weapons , selling more weapons than probably the rest of nato have combined to totalitarian and fundamentalist arab nations like saudi arabia ( which promptly resell or give them to insurgents ) , assisted arab nations in indiscriminate bombing a country in civil war . 
  just to prevent iran from gaining influence . 
  and even after all that , in 2016 , after the arab world single handedly has burned themselves to the ground and caused some of the worst humanitarian catastrophes in modern history , top us presidential candidates ca n't help but to blame iran . 
  paint iran as the aggressor . 
  what more can we do to stop iran . 
  ca n't talk to iran . 
  must bomb iran . 
  how many wars does it take ? 
  how many hundreds of thousand more deaths before the us finally accepts that iran exists ? 
  well please enlighten my ignorance then wo n't you , mr. mcnutface . 
  explain how iran was behind those things . 
  and i do n't mean profiteering from war , or interfering after the fact . 
  everybody knows iran supports the syrian regime openly . 
  anyone who has opened a history book will know why too . 
  i mean as a direct cause , or even a partial prelude to of any of these conflicts . 
  is it ? 
  what has iran done to cause the collapse of any of the aforementioned countries ? 
  i never said they were n't a geopolitical player with their own political goals . 
  i said they had no fault in the countries collapse . 
  iran did not bomb libya sending the country into chaos . 
  iran had no part in the revolution causing the fall of syria . 
  iran did not create isis by disbanding the sunni iraqi army leadership . 
  iran did not star a war with the kurds . 
  the west did all this .
