  do you know what the brits said in 1939 , when we let germany take poland . 
  `` they 'll be content with poland '' , they said . 
  well , putin was n't content with crimea , which we let him take . 
  do you know what excuse germany used to annex poland ? 
  it was to `` liberate the german minorities '' being mistreated in poland . 
  does any of this seem familiar at all ? 
  no , war is not a jolly affair . 
  but perhaps the world would never have seen ww2 if europe stopped germany from invading poland 1939 . 
  putin 's only problem is that the crazy french motherfuckers would have nuked moscow to smithereens , even if the us backed down . 
  does anyone have a english source that is not propaganda ? 
  i wonder why they do n't just change this subreddits name to `` eu '' . 
  it 's a shame . 
  on the sidebar it says `` 50 countries '' . 
  yeah right . 
  more like 28 . 
  [ here 's one for the collection ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e5/bergkrystallen_stasjon_with_mx3000.jpg ) . 
  the italian navy already is trawling the mediterranean searching for boats with illegal immigrants . 
  what other kind of ship would you use for this purpose , that has good radars , medical facilities , helicopters and room for picking up potentially hundreds of people at once ? 
  everytime i hear that argument , i just want to point out the thousands of farms with 16 milk cows and two and a half goats ( maybe a bit hyperbole ) receiving subsidies designed to keep them inefficient . 
  we could never be as efficient as countries with flat , fertile soil . 
  that is very true . 
  that does not mean we should give up on efficient agriculture fit for a modern europe . 
  and yes , while i agree we need to subsidize for now , we should aim at the eu level of subsidies . 
  that should easily be achievable with political action . 
  i guess we 'll have to wait and see what happens the next 3 years . 
  well , i hate to break it to you , but fish is a renewable resource . 
  as long as we keep away eu trawlers fishing illegally of course . 
  yes , but you have to remember this is because of willed politics . 
  the strongest opponents for eu membership is the agriculture sector . 
  basically , the norwegian agriculture has been severely neglected for decades , and even though there has been successful movements lately to modernize and make it more profitable , there is a shitload of cash thrown at them in subsidies and import tariffs . 
  tldr : if norway joined the eu , our inefficient agriculture sector would go bankrupt the same day . 
  so , in essence , germany is willing to trade ukraine 's land and future so germany can keep trading with russia . 
  how awfully kind of them . 
  it is not , when you redefine where your country borders are before you move your troops . 
  see crimea . 
  they shut down their clean nuclear power , while simultaneously building and importing coal , oil and gas to replace it . 
  all while trying to portray themselves as picture perfect environmentalists . 
  yes exactly . 
  it 's a bit like when germany boasted over a high percentage of solar power , when in reality it was their total energy production that had decreased drastically , making solar power a higher share of the total then before . 
  but i wo n't complain , it 's us the germans come to for gas . . 
  it 's just a shame they also pay russia for gas and oil , due to their nuclear hypocrisy . 
  the cowardice of the west : supply weapons and equipment to every dictator and rebel group between china and africa . 
  do nothing when russia invades our back yard . 
  it 's time to ship some weapons to ukraine to level the playing field . 
  armed drones , anti radiation missiles , counter artillery radars , attack helicopters , cruise missile . 
  when france can sell to russia , we sure as hell can sell to ukraine . 
  russia would never in a thousand years risk open war with nato over a silly border dispute with ukraine . 
  and russia is not the superpower people make them out to be . 
  germany is a 30 % larger echonomy then russia . 
  france and the uk are also larger . 
  italy 's echonomy is comparable to russia . 
  russias military is also not what it used to be . 
  russia is 30 % bluffing , 70 % old fear of the soviet union . 
  bull , bull , bull . 
  the netherlands is more than capable to stand up to russia . 
  after all , what is russia to do ? 
  cross the majority of europe to attack a nato country ? 
  the netherlands could in all seriousness probably gone as far as bombed the rebels in ukraine , retrieved the bodies by force , and nobody would have stopped them . 
  what is wrong with europe , is that every single country have lost all belief in their own abilities . 
  probably due to being sheltered by daddy us for too long . 
  what do you expect the eu to do ? 
  you can maybe expect a written condemnation in 1-2 months time , when they are done quarreling about how many pages it should be , and in what font . 
  if the netherlands wants to do something , they can and must do it themselves . 
  do you know what happened to germany in the 20 's and 30 's , when they were under heavy sanctions ? 
  the only way to fix this is to not be pussies , and actually create peace in ukraine . 
  bomb the rebels heavy weapons , send in a peace keeping task force , and stay there . 
  basically a repeat of bosnia , if you will . 
  this is a job for the un and the eu . 
  it 's your back yard . 
   in an insight into british thinking , sir andrew wood , the uk 's former ambassador to moscow , said britain believes the russian buk allegations are true . 
  `` what he [ russian leader vladimir putin ] did was supply weapons to people [ the pro-russia rebels ] who are fundamentally irresponsible . 
  this means he has a moral , if not a direct , responsibility for what happened '' , wood said . 
  i guess it 's only irresponsible to supply advanced weapons to rebels , as long as it 's the wrong rebels . 
  it 's not particularly scarce or advanced , as it 's old soviet built medium range . 
  i can imagine all former soviet states would have loads of these weapons in storage after soviet fell , including both ukraine and russia . 
  so yes , the rebels could have gotten them from either side . 
  i highly doubt the ukrainian army would have any reason to operate anti air missiles near the occupied territories , as they have total air dominance , and the range is too short to have come from russian territory . 
  i 'm leaning towards shot by rebels with either stolen or russian equipment . 
  maybe some do , but the buk system does not , according to wikipedia . 
  most advanced anti air systems go by radar . 
  mostly , only small man portable systems use heat seeking . 
  usually missiles of this kind is designed to detonate at a certain distance from the target , and shoot shrapnel towards the target , kind of like a shotgun . 
  most likely one missile would severely damage one of the wings or the fuselage , if the missile comes from behind . 
  it does n't actually `` blow up '' the plane like you would imagine . 
  it 's more likely some ukrainian rebels doing it to hopefully get russia into the conflict directly . 
  although false flag operations are not unheard of . 
  remember turkey got caught planning a false flag operation on their own enclave in syria . 
  that 's not exactly unique to russia . 
  most european countries portray their ragged bunch of right wing radicals as a 100 times larger threat then they are . 
  mostly as a form of propaganda to excuse even harsher attacks on freedom of speech . 
  because no other large , federal states that we know about has turned into police states . . 
  i 'm starting to like poland more and more . 
  this person would never have been fired in my country . 
  poland seems to be serious about fighting corruption and abuse of official positions . 
   `` to my knowledge this is the highest in the world in terms of both hourly and annual mean . '', 
  that 's higher than beijing and dhaka , higher than anywhere where face masks are the norm they wear face masks against smog , to help filter out heavy sooth particles from coal and oil burning . 
  they do n't help against nox at all . 
  unless london has reverted back to the days of the `` great smog '' , this is just an attempt at fear mongering, 
  you wish , 
  right , and israeli must just live with getting killed by a mob if they use theirs , while you get offended by strangers on the net .
