  probably ending up in an auction somewhere to benefit the polices `` retirement fund '', 
  and what is the right way to deal with this `` irrational step '' , in your eyes ? 
  let eu decide swiss politics ? 
  thats what i mean . 
  stupid about it ? 
  the closes eu country have half the number of foreign born citizens that switzerland have . 
  and here you sit calling them stupid for using their right as a sovereign country to stop free immigration . 
  i 'll use your words , `` what the hell ? '', 
  and for your information , there have been discussions regarding the schengen deal in norway . 
  if we were to put up a national vote , i honestly ca n't tell what way it would go . 
  yes , heaven forbid sovereign countries renegotiate old deals . 
  the eu is sounding more and more like the united states of europe . . 
  why is everybody so hard on the swiss ? 
  first off , they are not a member of the eu . 
  secondly , they are still accepting immigrants , you just need a visa . 
  you know , like you need to every single other non-schengen country in the world ? 
  thirdly , they have a ridiculous amount of immigrants already . 
  almost 30 % of the swiss population are immigrants . 
  i do n't mind gypsies , but then again i have never actually met one . . 
  guess that 's how it is when you live in a very small town . 
  do you know what happened when a politician here in norway proposed that we pay for refugee centers in african countries , to prevent situations like this ? 
  he was immediately publicly called racist . 
  that is why you do n't hear proposals on what we should do about it . 
  i like the fact that you obviously can find real incandescent light bulbs in russia . 
  i envy them . 
  yes , quite a lot is is protected and can not be dammed up luckily . 
  i 'm not against hydro power or anything , i still see it as one of the cleanest energy sources we have , but people should know there still is substantial damage to the nature . 
  nothing is for free . . 
  i 'm just retorting to your snide remark about our wildlife with the fact that the same logic is used when they burn down the amazones . 
  because they have so much of it . 
  yeah that 's what the brazilians say also , 
  it 's not sustainable for the life in the rivers . 
  as sadly is the case all over norway . 
  but at least it looks good on the co2 statistics . 
  hehe , usa in the 30 's lecturing other people on racism ? 
  that 's rich . 
  implying most of our countries have n't spent 12 bloody years in the middle east ? . . 
  we 're tired of war . 
  let the african union deal with africa . 
  i 'm not sure where to even begin on this one . . first off , technology is not like in a video game , `` research for 50 years , gain tech '' . 
  if we stop funding all research , yeah no shit we wo n't have fusion power . 
  do you honestly think money spent on fusion power now are wasted , because we magically will get the technology in 2050 or 2100 ? 
  secondly , in east asia , there are over 3 billion people working their way into modern , industrialized societies . 
  i 'm sure windmills and solar panels make sense in your head , but not even small , rich european countries have any hope of meeting energy demands that way . 
  when coal power is growing in europe , what do you think it is in eastern asia ? 
  renewables does n't even matter . 
  the only real contestants are nuclear and coal . 
  i believe people usually just gray out countries without data on maps , not delete them , 
  i 'm not a fan of the us , and it really pains me to admit this , but the european nato members are leeching off usa big time . 
  if europe is unwilling to keep up their share of the cost , nato has to be reevaluated/downsized . 
  as it is now , we 're just a little too happy letting the us take the brunt of the cost , and let them lead . 
  this in effect has made us pretty much incapable of operating without them . 
  even in libya , a relatively small operation where the us did not want to lead , we were very much dependent on them for logistics and intel . 
  personally i would much rather prefer a more unified european military , but people have to realize that this does not come for free . 
   however to be clear , if an isp in the uk wished to overnight put all customers onto filters , it is perfectly within its rights to do so , legally . 
  but in that case , they would lose their rights as a neutral partner , and is open for lawsuits ? 
  is it though really a choice , if it 's on by default , and you have to actively make steps to turn it off ? 
  well , i 'm sure you could argue he was negligent in his prescriptions , but responsible for a suicide ? 
  that 's a rather slippery slope . 
  if me , as a random person on reddit ridicules religion , you probably would just ignore me , thats true . 
  however the point is that if public figures does the same , it gives it weight . 
  just like the monty python team did with life of brian back in the day . 
  that 's why it 's so dangerous that people are scared into submission . 
  i 'm sure most of them are nice people . 
  islam however , is not a nice religion . 
  how does it help to mock their religion you say ? 
  well , i 'm sure it wo n't help the angry men who get offended every time you mention islam , but whom it might help is homosexuals , oppressed women and the countless others who are crushed under the misguided morals of an oppressing religion . 
  maybe those people can see a way out . 
  and how can you say christianity is not affected by ridicule ? 
  satire opens peoples eyes . 
  it 's especially effective at keeping the churches from taking our young . 
  a counterweight if you will , against religious indoctrination . 
  well , what a way to fuck over tourists who get ill . . 
  i always though the eu health card was valid there . 
  this sounds like a porn version of reality tv . 
  `` the virginity inspectors '' . 
  missiles is one thing , but the russians really do have the most bad ass santa claus . 
  with a staff !, 
  it 's funny how the majority of the press conveniently omits the fact that the person arrested for doing the stabbing is the leader of a left-wing extremist group , not a right wing demonstrator . 
  `` nazis attacks demontration , two people stabbed ! '', 
  see how that looks to someone without all the facts ? 
  and as usual the swedes need norwegian press to tell the [ truth ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.vg.no%2fnyheter%2futenriks%2fartikkel.php%3fartid%3d10134197&amp;act=url ), 
  well , you would think the fact that the car does not have a taxi light should be a little clue that it 's not a taxi . 
  if by benefits you mean `` allow to trade with '' , and by paying you mean `` through the nose '' , yeah you are correct . 
  great . 
  wonder ho much that increases the extorti . . i mean efta fee norway has to pay to access the european market . 
  if i shot after a politician , would they treat it as `` illegal discharge of a firearm within city limits '' ? 
  what i mean is that they do n't acknowledge the targeted nature of the crime . 
  it 's not a general sabotage act , it 's not even general terrorism , and it 's not `` against the public '' , it 's attempted murder of a politician . 
  that is something that has to be taken very , very seriously . 
  it 's not just sweden . 
  in norway we have violent groups of `` anti facists '' as well . 
  funny thing is , we do n't really have any facistst . . 
  in reality , they just like to do drugs , squat in abandoned buildings and be violent against anyone they seem to dislike . 
   `` at the moment , this has been classified as vandalism that endangers the public ( allm\u00e4nfarlig \u00f6del\u00e4ggelse ) , '' michael carlzon , malm\u00f6 police spokesman said . 
  i ca n't believe how lightly the swedes take this . 
  some years back in norway , a protester got jailtime for throwing a cake at a politician , for aggrevated assault . 
  a bomb would most certainly be seen as attempted assassination . 
  if you look at history this has happened over and over . 
  swedes and norwegian kids traveling to finland to fight russians in the winter war , westerners going to israel to fight in the arab wars , people from all over europe fought in the spanish civil war .
