there was a bunch of things saddam could have done to call off the sanctions as well . 
  that does not make it any better to in essence starve children as a pressure point . 
  the sanctions did n't affect saddam 's dinner plates . 
  only the poor peoples . 
  considering the moroccan royal palace was build in 1864 , i doubt he can give you an answer . 
  i repeatedly see americans claim they have no responsibility for the actions of their government . 
  and i wonder how long are they going to continue claiming to be a democracy , while simultaneously claiming the people have no influence on politics . 
  both the russian and the american people are responsible for their governments actions . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  the same is true for every democracy . 
  yeah , thank god you keep to only invading your neighbor countries and stealing their land . 
  phew . 
  the same way the us would i guess . 
  by utilizing the dozens of military bases the us operates in arab states in the gulf area . 
  remember iran and the gulf states are n't exactly on friendly terms . 
  this has been known since nukes were invented . 
  why do you think israel raced to get nukes after the arab wars . 
  why did pakistan build nukes so fast after india got them . 
  why do you think iran wants nukes . 
  even americans must agree that is to deter israeli and american invasion . 
  just too bad the danish scrapped all their submarines . 
  they probably could not even stop a well organized group of fishing trawlers as it is today . 
  nato 's maritime defense is in a sad state in europe . 
  what a shameless clickbait headline . 
  british ships will of course continue to rescue anyone in need they come over , as they are obliged to do . 
  our prime minister has so far refused , so we 'll have to see what happens . 
  you seem to think that everyone who opposes free borders are racist . 
  are you reflecting your own issues ? 
  let me put the spotlight on some ** real ** issues with schengen instead of your made up ones . 
  * free flow of criminals . 
  here in norway , we have arrested - and deported the same persons [ over and over ] ( http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/iriks/blir-domt-og-utvist_-men-kommer-tilbake-til-norge-7128362.html ) . 
  you ca n't blacklist a passport you ca n't check . 
  the reaction ? 
  harsh jail time for repeat offense . 
  the problem now is the jails are full . 
  and you still ca n't control the criminals . 
  * free flow of jihadists . 
  3000 jihadis have traveled trough the borderless wonder of western europe , both to and from the middle east . 
  what does it help to take their passport , when the only passport control they need to cross is the swiss cheese also known as turkey ? 
  but yeah , please , do call me a racist for questioning the system . 
  personally i have no objection to showing my valid passport if i were to travel abroad . 
  and fyi , the word surrender would be entirely proper in this instance . 
  you surrender your sovereignty if you can not control your own borders . 
  nothing `` military '' about it . 
  words have different meanings your know . 
  we actually do , it 's called [ spr\u00e5kr\u00e5det ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/language_council_of_norway ) . 
  in cases of new words , words with several different spellings or translated words , they can act as a guidance on how words should be written in both norwegian and new norwegian . 
  it might seem foreign to a native english speaker , but remember our language have to adopt quite a few foreign words all the time , most of them from english . 
  just some technical examples are `` internet '' , `` streaming '' , tablet '' , `` touch screen '' . 
  all of these kinds of words needs to either be translated or just used as they are . 
  spr\u00e5kr\u00e5det will investigate what is most commonly used , and advice . 
  children [ can die ] ( http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/iriks/gutt-dode-etter-omskjaring-i-oslo-6827154.html ) from the procedure . 
  many , many others are left with complications who can range from deformations to in some cases [ penis amputation ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3963353/ ) . 
  you are taking a calculated risk that your child wo n't have a permanently damaged sexual organ or other complications . 
  and there is no medical reason in the vast majority of the cases . 
  hell , even if only one child dies from the procedure , that speaks volumes , unless someone can produce a case where a small child died from not having his foreskin removed . 
  the fact that they have no evidence is bullshit . 
  every surgical operation has risks . 
  every single one . 
  whether it is from human error , from infection or some other reason . 
  only treating patients with a valid medical reason would be the only way to minimize this risk . 
  islamophobia , antisemittism . . always with the religion . 
  this is not a question of religion . 
  it 's a question about child welfare . 
   the bbc 's head of statistics anthony reuben said prostitution , drugs and tobacco smuggling were not included in national income before 2002 when they should have been , under accounting rules . 
   in contrast , prostitution was included in germany 's own national accounts and given eu budget contributions are based on national income , this partly explains why the uk has been underpaying and germany overpaying , he added . 
  this is bullshit on a whole new level . 
  prostitution is legal in germany . 
  they pay taxes , and they pay vat . 
  what income does the uk government have from illegal drug or tobacco smuggling ? 
  there are ukrainian militias , that fight on the side of ukrainian government . 
  and this wording is carefully crafted to give an impression that they are the ones who shot it down , not the separatists . 
  it does n't matter to him that he sounds like a raving lunatic to the rest of the world , as long as many russians believe him . 
  he 's just securing his own power via uniting the people against a common enemy . 
  made up or not . 
  it 's an ancient tactic , because it works . 
  it 's actually the same tactic america used to rally the people against communists in the 50 's and up . 
  there was suddenly no limit on communist spies in america that you had to watch out for , 
  it 's kind of wondrous how supportive the west were when we sent people to kill in syria , and how condemning we are when they end up killing the wrong people . 
  `` ah , you 're only going on vacation to kill syrian soldiers you say ? 
  rightio , on your way you are !, 
  but do n't kill anyone else ! '', 
  no , that is the total number of first generation immigrants with either asylum or refugee status . 
  i 'm sorry if i was confusing . 
  when have i said anything even remotely close to what you are saying ? 
  you get it after all !, 
  ( except to think they have problems getting to egypt . 
  after all , the boats to europe go from north africa ) . 
  and now you might ask . 
  why does not sweden , instead of spending millions of kronor on each refugee they take into sweden , instead spend the equal amount of money on securing housing , jobs and the future of 10 or 20 fold that where they are ? 
  why do they let asylum seekers literally kill each other chasing a dream in sweden , only to let a few lucky people win the whole jackpot ? 
  what is the logic in letting the stable arab countries foot the whole bill of the refugee problem , while sweden pats itself on the back for being kind ( to the 5-10 % of the refugees they could have secured for the same money , minus the dead ones on the bottom of the ocean ) . 
  thanks for completely missing the point , so i can explain it for everyone . 
  it 's not a question of dying in syria versus living in sweden . 
  it 's a question about living in jordan , libya , egypt or many other countries , versus traveling to sweden . 
  nobody takes a direct flight from syria to sweden , barely missing some terrorists trying to kill them . 
  we are talking about people who have already fled . 
  they most likely are in north africa or neighboring arab countries . 
  people who can move to libya , then buy passports and make their way to europe with boats , and ultimately to their final destinations . 
  these operations are just a small band aid on a gaping wound .
