  stop thinking russia is the soviet union , or that they can roll over europe with 50 000 tanks or whatever . 
  russia would struggle to handle handle poland alone , least of all a combined nato force . 
  funnily enough , the cheese is heavily subsidized when exported . 
  norwegians can drive to sweden , and buy the cheese cheaper then back home  i assume it is also a lot cheaper in the us then it is here . 
  ca n't waste words . 
  do you get paid by the word , or by the hour by the way ? 
  have you head of a thing called the cold war ? 
  russian soldiers were directly fighting american soldiers in asian countries . 
  chinese soldiers were directly fighting french , american and british soldiers in asian countries . 
  american soldiers were supplying arms to people fighting the russians in several theaters . 
  openly . 
  we are still here . 
  trust me , nobody is nuking anyone over ukraine . 
  so yes , what you are doing is fear mongering . 
  and judging by your comment history , your probably get paid to do it . 
  ukraine is already at war with a nuclear power . 
  what 's your point ? 
  nobody is nuking anybody over a regional conflict . 
  this is the kind of fear mongering that let 's putin do whatever he wants . 
  and since when did stealing tanks become a semi-daily occurence ? 
  from when you watch rt and actually belive the tanks are not russian ? 
  and what other countries operate fighter jets over the sea of azov ? 
  oh wait , it could be the ukrainians attacking their own boat , i guess . 
  you have europe 's only patriot system , and you aim it at syria , a country with no nukes , no far reaching weapons and no beef with europe ? 
  what kind of imbecile made that decision ? 
  area you really asking why we should not sell invasion weapons to a country threatening to invade ukraine ? 
  only sanctions that do n't directly affect france , of course . 
  or germoney . 
  i 'm saying europe does not truly want to be energy independent . 
  you ca n't cut off ~ 40 % of europes energy needs , and replace it with windmills , american help and dreams . 
  you actually need to produce energy . 
  ah yes . 
  become independent , by replacing russian gas with american , while increasing energy cost , ruining european industry . 
  meanwhile , the hippies block fracking , nuclear research and oil and gas exploration . 
  independence , the european way \u2122 . 
  if that happens , we , scotland and recent ex-member uk will form our own union . 
  with blackjack and hookers . 
  over 400 soldiers driving in a tight column , loaded with ammunition and explosives , through enemy territory . 
  either they are insane , or very , very cocky . 
  and when did turkey ask nato to intervene ? 
  yeah , thought so . 
  and syria never went to war against turkey . 
  at most , it was some stray artillery shells crossing a border . 
  if you wanted to find a proper example , i can point you towards the argentinian attack on the falkland islands , where the british elected to handle it themselves , instead of summoning nato . 
  well , it 's the same thing . 
  if a nato country is attacked , and nato does not respond , nato would dissolve . 
  after all , why pay large sums to an organization that , in the end , does nothing for you . 
  not to mention that nobody would ever take nato seriously again . 
  scaremongering at it 's finest . . 
  as much as i 'd love for that to happen , that is just not possible . 
  norwegian oil production has peaked years ago . 
  we could probably increase production somewhat , especially if prices increased to $ 130 a barrel or more , but even that would be a drop in germany 's bottomless bucket . 
  well , in my eyes , the us has , and is , behaving completely irrationally towards cuba . 
  but two wrongs does not make one right . . 
  much of the soviet 's aircraft , nuclear and space industry was located in ukraine , and it 's still an important import for russia . 
  heh , victim blaming at it 's finest , that 's true . 
  oh ukraine , why do you make me so mad !, 
  why do you insist on meeting new friends , i get so jealous !, 
  why do you insist on making me do this to you !, 
  that would still not give the us any right what so ever to interfere . 
  mexico and canadas alliances are their own business . 
  and i have to say , if things degraded to a such degree that americas neighbors felt necessary to seek protection from china , outrage would be the least of their problems . 
  it would be a sign of a collapsing empire . 
  worrying more about their own money and profits , then for the future of europe . 
  when are you going to elect a proper leader , germany ? 
  preferably one with balls . 
  and a spine . 
  no , i did not . 
  isis is not syrian , and they are not rebels . 
  i was talking about syria , not ukraine . 
  sorry if i was confusing . 
  well , if you exclude the fact that the west has armed , trained and helped most of the rebels , and that isis is a product of the fall of iraq , armed with american weapons and funded by european ransom money , sure , there was no western action . 
  i think we have done more then enough damage for 10 lifetimes . . 
  who are you referring to ? 
  honestly , apart from american horror movies , i do n't think i 've ever heard of a real satan worshiper doing anything criminal . 
  do they even exist ? 
  australia is probably culturally closer to eu than belarus , does n't mean australia is european . 
  what 's the point in asking merkel ? 
  the correct person to discuss this with would be anders fogh rasmussen . 
  and in any case , everybody knows germany is borderline pacifist , and deathly scared of pissing off russia , as they are 100 % dependent on russian gas and oil . 
  they must have serious morale problems , if they take such harsh steps to avoid desertion . 
  i never said putin was hitler . 
  putin 's russia is however attempting to expand their domain in a fashion similar to the german annexations of sudetenland and poland . 
  using the same excuses of oppressed minorities . 
  yeah yeah , go eat your borscht ivan . 
  the attack was imminent for months . 
  still the british and the rest of europe did nothing to defend poland . 
  trying to talk germany down , even after they had invaded . 
  what could they have done ? 
  well , moved forces to poland , sendt ships , soldiers and airplanes . 
  that 's a deterrent . 
  diplomacy is n't . 
  and we 're doing the same to russia now . 
  talking , useless sanctions and idle threats . 
  instead of mobilizing the nato forces , we 're sending them to the middle east . 
  if russia attacks today , we are as ill prepared , hell , worse , then in 1939 . 
  well , the russian millitary is n't exactly competent though . 
  we saw that in georgia , when they suffered heavy losses against an inferior force . 
  and georgia had 2000 of their best equipped and trained soldiers stuck in iraq for the duration of the war , along with much of their equipment . 
  basically russia did a sucker punch , and got beat up themselves .
