  if they just guess what is going on , it 's pretty horrible journalism . 
  at least you guys still have a passport check . 
  we just let every god damn random person who comes from a eu country pass . 
  in this case , it is . 
  the problem with syria is that it 's one huge stalemate , due to foreign powers backing their own side just enough to not lose , but not enough to win . 
  stubbornness or ideological reasons keep the parts from talking peace . 
  if at least the rebels get the pressure from russian soldiers , they might be willing to swallow that and go to the peace talks . 
  nothing is worth the toll this war has taken on the syrian people . 
  good . 
  maybe this insane war will end soon . 
  and i hope syria can get democracy or at least better leadership in some better way in the near future . 
  but this insanity can not go on . 
  it 's not worth it . 
  `` oh you 're just a yemenite ? 
  come right in '' . 
  does n't feel right . . laws need to be equal for everyone . 
  not merkel 's pretty weird statements to ignore the laws for some nationalities but not others . 
  as a norwegian , i ca n't even travel inside schengen without a valid passport , as we have n't gotten our eu identification cards yet . 
  or well i could , but i would probably get into a lot of trouble when i ca n't identify myself . 
  if you are complaining about a different countries policies , while your own country of residence is a lot worse , then yes , you are . 
  i 'm sure russians can have a fair point if complaining about democratic process in norway , but i would still tell them to fuck off if they tried and tell them to fix their own country first . 
  no , but perhaps the rest of the eu should stop throwing stones inside glass houses while balancing on pedestals . 
   goal of federalisation and the creation of a united states of europe . 
  yeah , would n't want to stand in the way for the reic . . ehrm . . federation . . 
  and the benefit of ireland exploiting tax laws to be a tax shelter for all the foreign corporations , while having access to your markets as well ? 
  says the guy from hungary , the country that is so corrupt that we had to suspend your eu grants in fear of the government stealing it . . 
  i know who i would like to be in a union with of the two . 
  well they are obviously illegal immigrants . 
  i 'm not sure what you guys do , but yeah , here they would be taken to something we call a transit center , where they are identified etc. 
  if they seek asylum , they can do that , and they need medical checks etc. 
  if their identities are unclear or they are to be deported , they are held in a closed transit center . 
  i never said they were to be jailed . 
  i said they just shipped them off without any supervision , no identification , no processing . 
  `` not my problem , let them go to northern europe '' is the general idea . 
  and that is what is going to kill schengen in the near future . 
  or phrased differently , `` austrian police left sick illegal immigrant children who are witnesses to an ongoing criminal case completely without supervision in a local hospital , in the care of their families who 's only agenda is to cross the border to germany . 
  it never ceases to amaze me how incompetent law enforcement is . 
  it 's not like you are wasting mine any less , with your non-solutions . 
  why help the innocent refugees in syria because their dictator is a cunt ? 
  that looks like the least practical ship i have ever seen . 
  of course . 
  it would be a good place to build initial reception camps for refugees , before identification and processing to take them over the border to israel . 
  how so ? 
  if the syrians are dangerous , they would be dangerous everywhere . 
  and it does n't help on public opinion to close your borders to neighbors in need . 
  well , that 's on you then . 
  i 'm saying exactly what is written , that saudi arabia , oman , uae , israel and some others have ignored their neighbors in need . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  excuse me ? 
  i do n't see anything contradicting my statement . 
  those countries have taken next to zero of their neighbor refugees . 
  i 'm well aware that some countries are helping . 
  try a nicer tone next time buddy . 
  great job caring for your neighbors austria . 
  now do the same , saudi arabia , oman , uae , israel and other countries who does n't lift a finger to help theirs . 
  they are stupid if they think that will change anything . 
  at most you will turn away the honest refugees , and still you will get all the dishonest ones who have no cause for asylum but still pay smugglers to get them into eu . 
  for norway , this number is at least ~ 55 to ~ 60 % of all appliactions . 
  because once you get a foot inside , and you get married and/or pop out some children in the 4-5 years it takes for your application and your 5 appeals while you live on welfare , you suddenly have a connection to the country , and you get to stay anyway . 
  that 's the way it has worked the last 30 years , and that 's the way it will continue to work . 
  some people think all asylum seekers are war refugees and honest , good people . 
  i wish it were so . 
  but the honest and good people are n't even the majority . 
  and making policy based on a wish is not a good way to go forward . 
  well i have to say those barbed wire fences is one of the most pathetic attempts at a fence i have ever seen . 
  the fences farmers set up to keep their sheep in where i live have less holes in them . 
  they must be built bad on purpose . . 
   but you hear more about it because white supremacists are trying to paint a picture of sweden as a disaster , despite the crime level really being the same as it 's always been . 
  the only pesky little problem is that it 's not true . 
  and it 's a nifty way to portray it by the way , when status quo is a comparatively increase , when all comparable countries have reductions in crime . 
  [ denmark ] ( http://www.statistikbanken.dk/10059 ) have seen a nice reduction of 30 000 reported crimes per year . 
  [ norway ] ( http://www.ssb.no/en/sosiale-forhold-og-kriminalitet/statistikker/lovbrudda ) can also sport a roughly 8 % decrease in reported crimes in the same time frame . 
  for nearly all types of crime . 
  [ finland ] ( http://www.stat.fi/tup/suoluk/suoluk_oikeusolot_en.html ) only kept statistics from 2000 , but in that time frame we can already see a decreasing trend . 
  and then we are left with [ sweden ] ( http://www.bra.se/webdav/files/statistik/pdf/sammanfattning_anmalda_2014.pdf ) , where we can read a steady increase in reported crimes for as long back as 1975 , including a 3 % increase just from 2013 to 2014 . 
  from 2005 to 2015 , a 16 % increase in reported crime . 
  this includes increases in robbery , burglary , rape , threats , rape , narcotics , kidnapping and assault ,, 
  it is actually possibly to learn from others . 
  if i were to point at malm\u00f6 in sweden , and say that mass immigration to a small city would form a ghetto and lead to violent crime , would that be a xenophobic statement , because it has n't happened here yet ? 
  just make a simple ad saying `` go to sweden instead '' . 
  calling russia an empire is just . . meh . . 
  it 's a sad country that want to play with the big boys . 
  i bet everyone does . . ksa is not exactly reasonable nowadays . . whether it comes to oil politics or foreign politics, 
  so you are saying that russia would go to war with a nato country over someone lawfully supplying the government of ukraine with weapons to curb an insurrection russia swears up and down they have no part in . 
   nixon did n't invade poland and annex a chunk of it , he did n't push for a war along the ussr 's borders , and while yes he acted crazy , that is all he did , well , he randomly sent nuclear armed bombers for days along the soviet border to scare them into retreating from vietnam and carpet bombed camboda just to stop a supply route . 
  this was n't the soviet border , but it was a soviet involved conflict , and on the border of red china . 
  and when did someone invade poland ? 
  well , your first problem is believing anything that comes out of the russian propaganda machine . 
  like a certain other [ `` insane '' president ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/madman_theory ) , it 's all for show . 
  russia have everything to gain by looking unstable , because it 's working . 
  a war with nato would n't happen unless russia for some insane reason decided to attack a nato country . 
  and even then , russia most likely would n't use nukes , because using nukes is suicide . 
  you would have to march on moscow or something for things to escalate to those levels . 
  ukraine is at best a small scale proxy conflict . 
  if you think russia would use nukes over crimea , you are so far off you probably should pick up signals from new horizons any second . 
  it 's quite a leap from doing nothing to direct military action , do n't you think ? 
  russia began straight at direct military action . 
  nato have n't even touched the area . 
  hell , just about any random arabs get advanced nato weapons handed out like candy nowadays . 
  not to mention satellite intel , drones etc. .
