  it 's not even implemented so what it does or not do on paper is irrelevant . 
  the fact is it gives the option to globally track the movement off all eu registered vehicles . 
  and you ca n't opt out . 
  you can call it scaremongering if you want , but a system like this would be a godsend to law enforcement , intelligence agencies and the like . 
  it would take total nativity to believe it wo n't be logged and abused . 
  i 'm very well aware you can be tracked if you have a phone on you . 
  that is a choice however . 
  this is not . 
  this is undoubtedly very smart and technology that will save lives . 
  however , i also know without a shadow of a doubt that gps tracking every single car in the eu will be abused by governments . 
  if it can communicated your exact location , it will communicate your exact location . 
  whether you know it or not . 
  i fear that if this comes to pass , more and more people will use gps blockers , and that will interfere with important infrastructure . 
  true . 
  only racists have anything against the groups of people called jews solely because they are jews , a lot of people dislike the state of israel however . 
  the same with various arabs that may or may not be muslim , and in addition to that dislike of islam itself . 
  i do n't automatically dislike muslims , but i have a distaste for their religion . 
  the funny thing is , a few norwegian politicians advocated the building and funding of large refugee camps in peaceful african countries to avoid this very problem . 
  the result was a bashing like they were literally hitler . 
  because apparently it 's racism to help people where they are , instead of shipping them across europe at 15 times the cost . 
  we also have that word , but it 's only partly accurate . 
  a device in english can be everything from a toothpick to a computer . 
  you could for example call a q-tip a `` ear cleaning device '' if you wanted , or a bulldozer an `` earth moving device '' . 
  it does not translate very well . 
  the closest i can think of in norwegian is the word `` dings '' , which translates to something like `` thingy '' . 
  however that word does not necessarily denote something crafted as a tool , and you could not use it for larger or more advanced machines . 
  as weird as it sounds , i 've yet to find a good translation for `` device '' for all purposes , so i find myself just using the english word . . 
  22 non members , 28 members going by [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_and_dependent_territories_in_europe ), 
  i think some people just think the eu equals europe , even though almost half the countries in europe in fact is not members . 
   yes , and america has made mistakes too . 
  but how can you bitch about people not agreeing with you because you 're serbian and your country has made past mistakes , but at the same time , lambasting the united states because they 're the united states and have made past mistakes ? 
  maybe because the us is the worlds most arrogant country , refusing to both admit fault and apologize for any of their mistakes . . 
  the statistics is not what energy your country uses , but what it produces , and the netherlands is a large gas exporter . 
  if you take norway for example , 45 % gas , 50 % oil , 5 % renewable . 
  however , we export just about all of the gas , and almost all of the oil , so it 's quite misleading since our whole electricity grid is from renewables . 
  i somehow strongly doubt hiv , std 's or cervical cancer would become common because jews or muslims were not allowed to cut the foreskin of their children below 15 . 
  and while we 're at it , should we maybe start listing other long term traditions ? 
  * slavery * child brides * female genital mutilation * foot binding * torture * bride kidnapping so please excuse me that i do n't take the `` oh it 's tradition for thousands of years '' argument seriously when it involves bodily harm on others . 
  most of human progress has been from the industrial revolution and up . 
   she drew parallels between female genital mutilation , which is forbidden in norway , and ritual circumcision of boys . 
  `` if we get a law that allows this in boys while it is illegal in girls , then this is discriminatory , '' she said . 
  jewish groups have rejected the analogy , arguing that ritual circumcision for boys does not maim them and helps protect against diseases . 
  haha , it does not maim them , and it protects against diseases . 
  this is comedy gold . 
  first of all , it 's the definition of the word maim . 
   `` wound or injure ( a person or animal ) so that part of the body is permanently damaged . '', 
  your foreskin does not grow back . 
  it 's gone forever . 
  your penis is permanently damaged . 
  secondly , i would be extremely interested in knowing what diseases a child is protected from by not having a foreskin . 
  of course it can . 
  however , it ca n't with the current anti-everything stance . 
  just look at the energy market in the us , and compare to europe . 
  they have just about reached energy independence , europe is still controlled by hippies , closing down all nuclear power and outlawing fracking , getting more and more dependent on and gas from russia and norway for each passing day . 
  europes grand solution ? 
  get dependent on yet more foreign suppliers , like the us . . 
  the problem was particle pollution , not co2 , which is greenhouse gas . 
  i 'm not 100 % on the technical details myself , but petrol engines somehow operate cleaner then diesel engines . 
  the major problem is that their emissions are dangerous for the health , and can lead to respiratory problems and even lung cancer . 
   for nearly two decades france has been aware that this was a mistake . 
  diesel engines are more polluting , not less . 
  fumes from diesel cars , as well as industrial emissions and agricultural fertilisers , are blamed for increasing the micro-particles in the french atmosphere to dangerous levels . 
  if this was n't so tragic , i would laugh my ass off . 
  you might begin to wonder why the ( previous ) norwegian government never got this memo , because they basically repeated the french fiasco step by step the last 8 years . . whats the preferable option between gross incompetence and corruption ? 
  `` shallow soil over hard rock or extremely gravelly material '' . 
  yup , that 's norway for you . . 
  the whole southern part of germany ? 
  really ? 
  can you back that up with any data what so ever , or is it the usual propaganda ? 
  after the last time news like this came from sweden , and it ended up actually being neo nazis being stabbed by left wingers instead , i 'll await more information before i cast any judgment . 
  ah , so it 's just a transit country so to say . 
  scandinavian electricity goes into finland in one end , and finnish electricity to estonia out the other . 
  thank you  i assume that finland plans to be an exporter of electricity in the future though , with their new nuclear power reactor ? 
  can someone eli5 how finland can sell power to meet half of estonias needs when they according to the article are depended on import themselves ? 
  do estonia use very little power ? 
  this is brilliant . 
  since it should go both ways , let 's boycot all firms from maryland that somehow are or were involved with the american military , since they probably are responsible for numerous war crimes . 
  how so ? 
  electrical heating with nuclear power . 
  i know continental europe has long traditions with gas , but up here in norway everything is electric . 
  of course that is a result of slightly cheaper electricity that outperforms gas in cost , but it proves you do n't need gas . 
  heat pumps is the shit . 
  also , i 'm not sure how normal this is in europe , but in our neighbors sweden and denmark urban areas are often heated with water from garbage burning facilities . 
  they actually buy our garbage for that purpose , heh . . 
  yeah , thats why they want it , i 'm sure ... all i can say is `` hell no '' . 
   hayden said washington did not spy on corporations in order to help u.s. firms gain competitive advantage . 
  what possible other reason might there be . . and in any case it 's incredible naive to think such information would not be sold or leaked , government approved or not . 
  fucked exactly how ? 
  the hordes of people just waiting to invade into the mountains ? 
  how is it immoral to ease suffering ? 
  i 've never seen a good answer to this . 
  if a person willingly let their horse or dog suffer with a terminal illness for months in extreme pain , people would say that person is immoral for not putting their animal down . 
  but somehow with humans it 's the opposite . 
  i 'm not sure if the church feels animals are more worthy of compassion then humans are , or if they feel humans somehow deserve to suffer . 
  personally i ca n't understand this . 
  here in norway the police have auctions each year for items they confiscate from criminals , items people have turned in to the police and so on . 
  i assume it 's the same in sweden . 
  assuming they do n't find any agreement to let him keep the collection of course . 
  i would guess that many antique weapons , depending on the condition probably is worth several million sek . 
  so yeah . . plain theft .
