  and to increase the tax by 333 % to begin with , it must mean people barely paid taxes before . 
  maybe the reason greece is in the pickle it is . 
  russia does what russia does best . 
  threaten , bully and lie . 
   does it mean that all the russians got stupid/evil overnight ? 
  i do n't think so , there must be other explanation . 
  stupid is the wrong word , as it 's not a question of intelligence but a question of beliefs and affiliations . 
  evil is also the wrong word , as there is no such thing . 
  it exists purely as a moral value dependent on the eye of the beholder . 
  however , the majority of russians most likely support the notion of a `` strong russia '' , and really believe they can accomplish something with aggression . 
  anti-ship saunas ? 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  it has nothing to do with a tantrum . 
  if you pay russia rent for your embassy in russia , while giving the russian embassy free rent in your country , you just turned into russias little bitch . 
  we arrested 8 key gang members belonging to the same pakistani family years ago here in norway and confiscated all their property , worth over 17 million nok . 
  in effect killing the largest gang in oslo . 
  it was a quite impressive police action spanning multiple countries , where they got everyone for mafia related activities . 
  and it has nothing to do with poverty . 
  these people were living in luxury . 
  expensive cars , designer clothes , homes worth millions in brazil . . 
  still they were gunning people down on the street , and having wars with other gangs . 
  pretty much just criminal scum . 
  when did germany become france ? 
  the word you are looking for is [ nominal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28nominal%29 ) . 
  ppp only reflects the purchasing power of citizens within a country , not the economic power of a country in international trade . 
  are france , israel , pakistan , india , the uk or north korea superpowers ? 
  thought so . 
  russia is a shell of their former self . 
  their economy is below italy 's , almost exclusively dependent on oil and gas , and free falling . 
  all they have is remnants of their once mighty army , and old tales and rhetoric to keep people afraid . 
  sure . 
  do n't pay your debts . 
  but do n't expect any more loans the next century . 
  greece is turning into a rogue state . 
  and meanwhile iran is becoming friends with usa . 
  what a mad , mad , mad world . 
  look at all the glorious lebensraum at sea !, 
  we can share it 50/50 with switzerland . 
  it 's pure and utter bullshit . 
  europe needed and needs energy , we provided . 
  and we do it better and cleaner then most . 
  all while having one of europe 's cleanest electricity production . 
  i will never in a million years apologize or be ashamed for that . 
  i assumed the people behind `` daily stormer '' were american due to the way they referred to europeans . 
  it must be hard for american nazis to understand you can criticize israel without being anti-jew . . 
  if it 's true , most likely someone shot a couple magazines at it but missed . 
  these buggers are small and not exactly easy to hit with a rifle . 
  does n't sound very plausible though , to start shooting in the air near people . 
  they are no getting any money from me when they charge more for a way inferior product . 
  fuck them . 
  this is just such a huge slap in the face of the `` it 's not islam , it 's their upbringing/lack of integration/poverty/white peoples fault/etc mentality that i 'm brimming with schadenfreude . 
  which comes as a surprise to exactly no-one . 
  i wonder what criteria this goes by ? 
  taiwan safer then denmark and norway ? 
  must be ignoring the triple murder rate i suppose . 
  if anything , it shows a huge anti-eu sentiment in the dutch people . 
  worse than in the uk i 'd say . 
  and if the eu does n't see the signs , then help us all , for they are completely blind . 
  there 's a couple sections that 's only in the swedish article that i 'm struggling with even as a norwegian , could you possibly translate it ? 
  google translate is n't really making a lot of sense, 
  polands main gift to the world !, 
  we do that every day . 
  for example , one of the chief arguments used for criminalizing prostitution is to protect women against forced prostitution . 
  only when religion comes into the picture does the state meddling with other peoples affairs suddenly become an issue . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that when someone claims most veiled muslims are n't really muslim but do it out of some weird counter-culture fashion sense , the burden of proof do indeed fall upon them , 
  that 's all well and good , but who did these observations , and where are the data to back it up ? 
  completely ignoring the fact that you could often end up be ostracized by your family and friends and possibly physically hurt if you chose to go pant-less one day to better mingle with local people who go without pants every day . 
  it 's not a choice if it 's , well , not a choice . 
  can they choose not wear the hijab one single day of the week ? 
  if they choose to not wear it that day , will they suffer no ill reactions ? 
  if the answer to both is yes , then they do it of their own free will . 
  if not , it 's a symbol of slavery . 
  yes i acknowledge that it would result in casualties . 
  but people die anyway , in the thousands in the mediterranean . 
  and i think an eu operation in libya would have actually strengthened the union instead of dividing it . 
  this could have been handled two years ago . 
  the eu could have gotten off their asses , established refugee centers in safe northern african countries and processed immigrants there , used their vast military powers to shut down the smuggling operations in libyan waters since the country has not had a leadership for ages . 
  but no , all such ideas was shut down . 
  it was much better to just blame greece for everything , while simultaneously rewarding criminal behavior by welcoming people who managed to smuggle into the eu through greece . 
  well this is the result eu . 
  this is what you get from 2 years with your head in the sand . 
  if the eu leadership think this strengthens the union , they are more delusional than one might already think . 
   and if you have the law on your side , you win . 
  well , sometimes you do . 
  do n't forget the judicial system has quite a few stains when it comes to miscarriage of justice . 
  especially regarding abuse of children . 
  it 's quite a strong statement to say that you will always win if you are innocent , and a very dangerous way of thinking . 
  some of these political parties have about as much in common as donald trump and barack obama . 
  what is the point of this ? 
   the victim 's father ghazi , 50 , says his brothers decided she should marry his brother 's son numan while he was on an aid mission in iraq is that what they call it nowadays ? 
  because it 's much easier to control a border when the only means of transportation are airplanes and ferries . 
  hell , even a semi-large river works wonders . 
  if ireland somehow ever needed to be `` contained '' , you would only need to cut your losses at northern ireland , since you could check passports for ferry and plane passengers traveling from northern ireland to gb . 
   power to the people !, 
  down with the elite , corporations and traitor intellectuals !, 
  i 'm not sure what conservatives you have found . 
  you 're confused with leninism and marxism . 
  where did people get the idea that you could n't travel or work in other countries without the eu ? 
  do they think they ca n't travel or work in the us for example as well ? 
  or that americans ca n't travel or work in europe ?
