  how would you like if i came to your country , demanded asylum and then murdered two people ? 
  where there is censorship there will be more discontent . 
  this does n't stop anti-refugeeism , this just creates more of it . 
  when i was a kid i gave some peanut butter to my pet rats . 
  one of my rats died because of it :(, 
  and then we send all our criminal scum , and some volunteers , to guard the mighty fence until the rest of their lives . 
  i am the shield that guards the realms of eesti . 
  i pledge my life and honor to the mighty fence , for this night and all the nights to come, 
  haha suck it !, 
  because their homeland is in the west . 
  these young , able-bodied `` refugees '' are the future of their country , if they are not fighting for it , they are traitors and cowards . 
  thats why i want more european troops - for better european defense cooperation . 
  [ a rock sticking out from the sea is a skerry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skerry ), 
  naive is thinking that russia would actually use a nuclear weapon . 
  there is not a single person in the world who is insane enough to take responsibility launching a nuclear bomb . 
  if russia would really do this , it would be a death sentence for themselves . 
  they live on this world too . 
  pre-2004 russia is not the same as russia in 2015, 
  that is the point of nato military presence here . 
  to show that we are way more powerful than russia . 
  baltic countries have rather big russian minorities , which russia can use to destabilize the region . 
  i do n't think that the goal of russia is to gain something . 
  they have more imperialist reasons . 
  the point is to show our muscle and to show russia that they should n't fuck with us, 
  european troops please , not american . 
  back to isis ? 
  these `` refugees '' are probably from the western part of syria , which is not occupied by isis . 
  these people should be the future of syria . 
  i wish we had monarchy, 
  him bickering about the playstation is him ridiculing the system , not an actual complaint . 
  i ca n't believe there are people here who are sympathetic towards breivik . 
  hitler is some kind of hero to you , i guess . 
  til wanting a mass murderer to suffer until the rest of his life is the same as killing 77 kids, 
  it should be . 
  `` best prison sytems in the world '' apparently not . 
  he is only isolated in his hotel-like cell , he has connection with the world outside . 
  in 21th century some people chose to live like that . 
  and he has many sympathiser and admirers with whom he can communicate with . 
  so indirectly , through his fans , he poses danger to the public . 
  put him in a dark , tiny cell and torture him without killing until the rest of his misirible life . 
  that is the right thing to do with him . 
  as i said - it works with petty criminals . 
  applying this prison system with mass murderers like breivik is rage-worthy . 
  and that 's why the prison system is bullshit . 
  yes it might be the right thing when it comes to petty criminals , but not with mass murderers . 
  do they include the parents and relatives of the victims ? 
  then they should set him see . 
  it seems he does n't mind the `` punishment '' he is getting anyway . 
  he got 21 years , which the court probably will renew until he dies . 
  is it really what it should be for a man who murdered 77 people ? 
  shit , he lives a better life than most people in the world do . 
  perhaps i should commit a mass murder too , would get an easy life . 
  he proved his point , he got what he wanted and is virtually unpunished . 
  there was no justice , no punishment , just isolation . 
  haha , no . 
  look at breivik for example . 
  oh yes i did , but labeling me as `` racist '' is not an argument . 
  if you look aroung this thread , you 'll see many `` racists '' . 
  oh so it 's racism now . . 
  there is a difference between own people and a mass of violent illegal foreigners of unknow background . 
  you do n't need weapons to be violent, 
  censorship and ignorance, 
  no im pretty sure that the police has weapons . 
  apocalypse will reach here later than for other countries, 
  `` we '' as millennial hipsters maybe , yeah . 
  funny how reading top comments on this thread being proud of invading another country or burning down a city or something like that , but when a german is proud of ww2 military achievements , everyone is like `` oh hell no !, 
  yeah i highly doubt it . 
  russians are proud that soviet union was a superpower . 
  we are not russians , russians occupied us . 
  you could ask if poles are proud of nazi german 's military past , since they were occupied too , they will definitely tell you to go fuck yourself , but germans might be proud . 
  we did not join the soviet union . 
  i do n't understand the question . 
  germans - do n't you feel proud about nazi germany 's military accomplishments ? 
  some of their victories were astounding . 
  and i really do mean military accomplishments - ignore the holocaust for a second . 
  just pure curiosity - do n't you , and other germans , find the german military accomplishments during the ww2 somewhat pride-worthy ? 
  i mean , ( nazi ) germany had some pretty astounding victories . 
  a part of a reason why you and i can safely sit at a computer and talk trash is that our ( or mine , i do n't know you ) ancestors fought for this liberty and so that we do n't need to fight no more . 
  if you 're not going to take this risk of being killed for betterment of your country and people , then it 's very selfish . 
  so they should just run away , huh . 
  if it was up to people like you , the world would be run by nazis or soviets . 
  isis fighters are just flesh and bones , like everybody else . 
  men who flee from them are cowards . 
  '' ` do n't like '' - tell me , who does ? 
  people do n't fight because they like to kill and destroy , they fight because they have to . 
  or maybe the healthy , young strong men should stay and fight against isis , instead of letting them take over the whole country . 
  if the ethnicity of criminals must not be reported , it 's obvious that they cause the most crimes . 
  better hide the problem than deal with it , right ? 
  the livonian crusade . 
  every hill had it 's own king , so we were basically unable to fight the crusaders as one . 
  also we had time to fight eachother too . 
  and the kingdom of setomaa !, 
  the plan will most likely fail in estonia . 
  sanctions does not only affect the target country . 
  russia is huge and it 's the main trading partner for many countries . 
  this is a prime example that studying in a top university does not mean you are intelligent . 
  and frankly , the reason he got attention is because he studies in oxford . 
  why are they protesting in germany ? 
  what has germany to do with any of this ? 
  unlikely,
