  fight isis , yes . 
  but which side should they join ? 
  they 're all shitty . 
  there is literally no `` good side '' in syria . 
  the real world . 
  go study some history . 
  mass immigration can be a form of genocide . 
  what do you mean by `` free ride '' ? 
  it 's not like the countries gain anything significant from it . 
  it 's for science and for all of humanity . 
  perhaps this is a mistake, 
  esa has been in picture a lot this year , considering that their budget is 4 times lower than nasa 's . 
  the original one was about 30 metres high . 
  lots and lots of cringe . 
  france no !, 
  in a way it was because copyright laws did n't allow to produce it anymore , but now the copyright expired . 
  it 's like hitler gaining popularity in germany . 
  but now when `` mein kampf '' allowed again , this might even be the case . 
  how else do we change it ? 
  by sticking flowers into gun barrels ? 
  not attack per se . 
  in the future , the growing powers like china , usa , india , brazil , russia * can easily disregard the opinion of the eu and make us irrelevant in world politics . 
  arms race has been going on for a while now . 
  europe has not really participated in it , but we 'll be affected by it whether we participate in it or not . 
  western europe has been living a good , worry free life for so long that they think the world is a jolly lalala land . 
  the rest of the world thinks otherwise . 
  this might give cause for europe to be more cooperative and spend more on military . 
  most people see tradition as the most strongest argument that can be . 
  but those are not my views anyway , i do n't see why you had to go through all that trouble . 
  gay marriage is untraditional , marriage has always been between men and women , regardless of religion . 
  this has been the main argument in estonia , for example , where religion is soon breathing it 's last breaths . 
  also people do n't want to see gay couples adopting kids , and that allowing gay people to marry decreases birth rates even more , and all of that nonsense . 
  [ all of them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modernity#defining_modernity ) . 
  and none will give you the answer you 'd want to see . 
  first go and find out what does the term `` modern society '' actually mean , and * maybe even someone like you will understand * im not against gay marriage , but it is irritating when people make false connections between gay marriage and modern society . 
  gay marriage is definitely not one of these things that make a society `` modern '' . 
  going well so far, 
  where the fuck is snow i ca n't live like this, 
  yes !, 
  in the baltics nearly everyone is white and everyone benefits from a history of colonialist exploitation . 
  oh god why . . 
  tallinn and hamburg have almost the same layout, 
  with what ? 
  stones ? 
  we have spent a lot of money and effort on ground defence and military , but our airspace is absolutely defenseless if not for nato . 
  `` rise of nationalism threatens existence of eu '' - this sentence defies any kind of reasonable logic ?!, 
  if anything , this is making the eu stronger . 
  putin is giving chechenya billions each year that kadyrov can build ridiculous skyscrapers with . 
  and just recently kadyrov threatened to kill any russian offical that steps on chechenyan territory . 
  he is the insane leader of chechenya . 
  apparently he is one of the few people that putin is afraid of . 
  here is a good doc on him https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efjpxjkaed0, 
  i pray to trees and rocks . 
  agreeing with the soviet treaty of mutual assistance to establish military bases in estonia . 
  council of europe is irrelevant so it does n't really matter, 
  does n't the greek parliament have bigger issues right now ? 
  you just do n't get it . 
   but it 's better than ** any ** dictatorship . 
  well , that 's a bold statement, 
   what about people who smoke five times a day ? 
  gtfo, 
  world does n't want to see a movie that 's in polish , or in any language that 's not english , unfortunately . 
  that 's why usa , uk and australia make the most popular movies . 
  that 's how russo-georgian war started . 
  i just hope we do n't snap like georgia did . 
  i think this conflict is just going to freeze and and these eastern-ukrainian `` republics '' will be just like transnistria . 
  you gave that analogy . 
  muslims pray before dawn , at the noon , afternoon , sunset and evening , not every ten minutes . 
  looks like a lecture hall in my school, 
  thank you . 
  of course not all of them are muslims or not even religious . 
  i know that they * do n't have to * pray 5 times a day , they can do it later or do all prayers at once . 
  i 've heard this from a egyptian while i was in a hotel in there . 
  they just do their everyday job and then pray later . 
  but you do n't know that if the person is extremely religious or not , even though muslims are likely to be so . 
  and then you are not allowed to fire a person because of their religious beliefs . 
  some factories usually have small smoke breaks , about 5 minutes or so , plus lunch breaks . 
  praying takes longer than that . 
  and obviously if you have to smoke after every 10 minutes , then you 'll be fired . 
  to be honest , i think we have a better alternative too . 
  but i rely on statistics . 
  well over a million refugees have come to west . 
  you know them all ? 
  more than half of the muslims are `` hardcore '' religious . 
  im no expert , but i do n't think that the people who have to pray 5 times a day make good factory workers . 
  and now imagine if europe was like this and schengen did n't exist . 
   did n't even know estonia can flood . 
  [ say what ? 
  ] ( http://www.soomaa.com/experiences/five-seasons/ ), 
  lol, 
  turkey is a legal successor of the ottoman empire , so i guess ... 
  as far as i know they declared independence and then few days later they `` held a referendum '' to join russia . 
  i had to use google to find out who magic johnson is, 
  a 200 year old treaty said that if crimea were to declare independence once again then turkey will have claim on crimea . 
  i wonder when erdogan will bring that up again . 
  like france being flooded with blacks and arabs . 
  never seen either of them - too poor . 
  it 's a very prophetic book . 
  amazing how many things that are in there have actually happened . 
  will our humour take us into nordic ??
