i ca n't wait until i can buy myself a tesla . 
  but considering im an estonian and i do n't work in it ( yet ? 
  ) , it might take a few decades . 
  `` idiotic narrative '' ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  some say that he was investigating smuggling of illegal goods in russian-estonian border , but nothing has really said about it . 
  everything about this man is shady , even his name . 
  one ? 
  are you entirely sure that this is the one and only example of `` un-refugee-like '' behavior ? 
  you 've been living in woods for a year or few ? 
  these kind of stories come from everywhere and there are hundreds of them . 
  malta is too small , you ca n't really go for a jog/run and there probably is n't much else to do than eat . 
  for some of them , their culture is more important than the local constitution . 
  and not recognizing the constitution should be punishable by deportation . 
  i thought it was pretty obvious . 
  germany is not an arab country , but lebaon is , assuming you did n't know that yet . 
  yeah and i was still talking about the people . 
  germans and czechs are as similar as lebanese and syrians . 
  now thats the obvious part . 
  that is very , very true . 
  not about the size at all . 
  it 's the people . 
   that should be obvious lol, 
  the balkan region has always been a place where something is fucky . 
  and i do n't think that things will get better any time soon . 
  worse , maybe . 
  pretty shitty perspective . 
  it 's like germany providing education for 200,000 czech refugees . 
  getting the balkans to fight eachother seems super easy . 
  mandatory conscription does n't mean you become a soldier . 
  we have manndatory conscription too . 
  here it is just 8-11 months of military training . 
  before the war , syria had higher gdp per capita than albania has right now . 
  something tells me that most of them are not going to stay there . 
  but then how can god cure cancer in china . . 
  europeans in r/europe are talking about the problems of europe . 
  well that is really problematic . 
  but why become a soldier if you are not willing to fight . . ? 
  do i think so ? 
  i do n't think i do , but surely you know better . 
  the side which seems most fair to them . 
  they have to choose , it 's their country . 
  they will never return to syria if the `` wrong side '' wins . 
  why the fuck can germany dictate how the eu is going to give out money ? 
  this video suggests that there are only syrians in the refugee crisis . 
  im not sure , but is n't jesus basically the same as mohammed ? 
  how many muslims use mohammed for the excuse for terrorism ? 
  they mostly use allah , aka just god . 
  it 's because christianity had marthin luther . 
  islam never had that big reform . 
  kkk . . ? 
  the group lead by kony in uganda is/was a terrorist group . 
  that 's all i got from the top of my head . 
  im not arguing , im just saying that is some christian terrorism in the world too . 
  what a stupid fucking video . 
  a big percentage of the refugees are not even syrian or have false passports . 
  could ? 
  man , they have definitely come . 
  we used to be under swedish rule between 1558 and 1710 , so yeah , i know quite a bit . 
  gustav adolf would turn in his grave when he saw what sweden has become . 
  it 's not broadcasted because it 's racist and xenophobic , 
  it saddens me that it 's not long until sweden will reach the lowest point in it 's history , and i do n't see how they will ever recover from that . 
  it will be a completely different country . 
  they 're already there, 
  `` these kid were spoon fed nonsense like this from parents '' and they will feed this nonsense to their own children and so on and on . 
  islam is not part of german society . 
  and whatever you think that people in eastern-europe think , atleast they do n't chain their women and be dangerous to rest of the society . 
  what about eastern-germany ? 
  what is the general stance about mass immigration there ? 
  slavs and other eastern-europeans know how to protest . 
  we , on the other hand , can rally a few hundred people who can barely make some kind of noise . 
  lmao, 
  im pretty sure there will be a lot of swedes who are willing to give away their houses for more cultured people . 
  we 've gone soft, 
  what about israel ? 
  it 's funny that if the top comments here were posted about half a year ago , they would 've been downvoted to oblivion . 
  i know what happened in there and it 's extremely inhumane , but what does it have to do with their safety in turkey ? 
  turkey has population of ~ 78 million and 12-16 million of them are kurds . 
  i do n't think it 's so bad being a kurd in turkey . 
  they were already in a safe place when they were in turkey . 
  so now he is a policeman ? 
  developed in some aspects , but our society is n't one of them . 
  well technically they are a country , just not recognised by anyone . 
  they have their own tax system , their own government , their own laws ... maybe the correct term is a ` de facto country ' ? 
  well apparently the islamic state is his country . 
  i think they 're mostly just brainwashed ekre supporters . 
  in the comment sections there are mostly ekre-supporting comments when there is an article about migrants and gay rights . 
  keskerakond has not been really vocal when it comes to migrants and i do n't really believe that they 're behind it . 
  and tallinn is probably preparing housing for the migrants in secret , so the order must 've come from city government . 
  i do n't know who or which organization in estonia is rich enough to pay for internet trolls . 
  i think that these people are just dumb and are not afraid to show it . 
  our government has reduced the amount of people we have to take in to about 200 . 
  and still some people are talking about the genocide against our people and doing shit like this . 
  that is fucking disgraceful , absolutely embarrassing . 
  haha , right ... 
  invade libya and stabilise the region so that no more refugees will pass through . 
  man i love going to mushrooming . 
  and it 's not really about the mushrooms either , i do n't even like the taste of most mushrooms i pick . 
  it 's about the forest and the fresh air and the nature . . 
  who the fuck cares about the locals ?
