we do n't use that in finland . 
  obvious propaganda is obvious, 
  not the last !, 
  once the reindeers up north get their shit together , we 'll catch up with you !, 
  just seeing that makes my mouth water . 
  / r/firstworldanarchists, 
  global warming needs to happen faster, 
  french and russian . 
  i wish i would be fluent in both, 
  nice try putin, 
  i quite like danish too . 
  easy to read and understand text but impossible to understand speach or speak it , but i can make weird sounds with my mouth so it 's fun . 
  may i ask why you like it ? 
  danmark can not into nordic . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/1xiviwqhie0 ), 
  that 's just fucking hilarious , not cringy !, 
  winner gets finland, 
  germany 0 points . 
  people just do n't appreciate a good ass these days smh . 
  ca n't wait for all the gay singers when russia host these next year . 
  just give the votes, 
  do n't tell me what to do juustoh\u00f6yl\u00e4, 
  sweden and georgia, 
  yeah ... this year we have the crazy woman who perfomed last year . 
  i 'm quite hopeful she wo n't rap atleast . 
  oh that never happened . 
  probably the 2nd place takes it . 
  `` we believe in a dream ( of conquering the world ) '' ? 
  haha that cameraman, 
  imo the hungarian singer is the best looking this year, 
  sucks that we are n't in this :(, 
  norden !, 
  nil points, 
  oh the horror !, 
  yup , i feel like it has just gotten worse over time . 
  glad i unsubscribed from / r/finland !, 
  [ this one is a true classic ] ( https://youtu.be/eswaptwdkxw ), 
  i did n't say that though did i ? 
  sweden in nato , putin 's wet dream . 
  his popularity among the russian people would rise even higher . 
  damn that looks nasty . 
  hope there are no casualties . 
  haha good one , almost got me . 
  cold weather probably is a big factor for the decreasing number of migrants . 
  we need to prepare for the summer and autumn when they appear on the eastern border again . 
  blows my mind that there are people in this thread who have not heard of whatsapp . 
  seriously , everyone here uses it . 
  same here , we copied the format from the swedes in the late 60s/early 70s . 
  my dad has said that families would listen and watch the english football show together every saturday . 
  the heart in pack of cards in finnish is `` hertta '' which comes from swedish `` hj\u00e4rta '' . 
  we do a good amount of that back home so sucks to hear it 's even worse in there . 
  it 's pretty relaxing to be far from anything really and compared to having the sauna on the shore it 's easier to jump to the lake for a swim . 
  refugees welcome, 
  yeah i 've noticed that too . 
  maybe they forgot to do it for a wagon that was out of service at the time or something lol . 
  it is ridiculous that the hy wanted their own station because aalto is getting one too . 
  and even more ridiculous is that they got it . 
  do n't say that !, 
  it will always be kaisaniemi . 
  now the human traffickers will use him as an example that you will get rich when in europe . 
  yes . 
  football has more active players in youth level but ice hockey is the most popular spectator sport . 
  football is the 2nd most popular team sport here . 
  3rd season finale next week  or actually it 's this week . 
  apparently it 's not true . 
  can i have some of that sek nok or dkk here ? 
  then putin can say that nato is threatening russia even more and promise russia to stay strong and keep his popularity high . 
  petankki and m\u00f6lkky are quintessential to every summer cottage . 
  in copenhagen i spoke a mixture of swedish and english + used hand gestures if the dane did n't know english . 
  what does that mean ? 
  everyone wears the same clothes ? 
  i think the price level at bars is very similar to ours but the prices at cheap grocery stores are crazy low , also the fact that you can buy wine and other strong alcohol makes me so jealous of you guys . 
  have you tried adding ketchup to the nutella ? 
  it might just make it better . 
  fifa ranking puts too much emphasis on the most recent matches . 
  [ the elo ratings ] ( http://www.eloratings.net ) give a much better indicator of a team 's strength . 
  i think it was like this way because last years the audience has been booing when the countries give their best points to their neighbors . 
  yep . 
  what the hell hungary, 
  [ on phone so yeah ... ] ( http://imgur.com/a/v6piq ), 
  good map . 
  turkey should be black too though . 
  i can stomach gore and other nasty stuff that 's on reddit but this one 's too much even without sounds . 
  poor pigs . 
  spaghetti with ketchup . 
  italian with a nordic twist . 
  ice hockey , dinamo riga , ventspils has a football team , potato jokes , cheap alcohol, 
  norway i 'm russian to finnish that swede turkey . 
  screwing with statistics is addicting !, 
  latvia 's next on the line . 
  not just men . 
  sunset at 10pm down in belgium . 
  you 're not yourself when hungry . 
  damn ramadan . 
  in finnish it 's boringly called a ` crowdwave ' . 
  one of my favourite headlines ever . 
  it was the saddest mexican wave of her career . 
  we used to put these in our high school 's vending machines and cash out euros . 
  are you even trying ? 
  not even 20 % !,
