  there was a whitehouse.gov petition on deporting bieber , just so you know how serious to take it . 
  they realize that these are two completely different things , right ? 
  captain hindsight here . 
  yeah . 
  it was . 
  you were n't here in the weeks and months following 9/11 . 
  what were we supposed to do ? 
  nah mate , we just need an excuse to by some new maps . 
  you guys do n't call it that ? 
  where you from mate ? 
  almost visited armagh a few months ago but the plans fell through . 
  `` gowing '' ? 
  they 're already massive , and only picking up steam . 
  which is why the spanish government is scared shitless about referendums there ( which will eventually push both of them to unilaterally declare independence , because they 've exhausted all other options and madrid 's unwillingness to budge or even negotiate about a referendum is going to piss them off ) . 
  no , i agree . 
  i support scottish independence , but the cartophile in me is like `` but the map will be so ugly ! '', 
  seriously , like the worst part of the ai in paradox games . 
  looks fascist . 
  [ do n't you mean fleg !? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnh1okbgtuq ) but seriously , it wo n't change . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  special * relationship * . 
  fuck me hollande looks like a midget . 
  you 're in the eu and nato . 
  you might be the small kid at school , but you 're friends with the entire rugby team . 
  if you guys are ever stateside , take a trip up to my hometown , portland , maine . 
  consistently ranked among the best food cities in the country . 
  great for shellfish and other seafood , especially lobster . 
  the lobster company on commercial street is my favorite for lobster , but there are literally dozens up and down the coast . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  we talk about the eastern front ( which is where two of our enemies were fighting against each other ) all the time . 
   american involvement in wwii did n't come as a gesture of goodwill either : it was germany and italy that declared war on it . 
  roosevelt would 've declared war on germany in 1939 if congress had been willing . 
  he hated hitler and wanted the us in the war from the beginning , and felt strong solidarity with churchill . 
  you 're all welcome . 
  * puts on sunglasses , slings shotgun over shoulder , drives gas-guzzling pickup into the sunset *, 
  it should . 
  americans , by and large , really , really dislike the tea party , so that throws out rand paul and ted `` i was actually born in canada , funnily enough considering what most of my supporters said about obama 's birth certificate '' cruz . 
  chris christie is seen as an uncompromising bully . 
  and no one else has the name recognition to even compete with hillary . 
  most americans identify with the democratic party now , contrary to the extreme rightists that are depicted in mainstream media . 
  i see the executive branch being exclusively democratic ( barring another major recession or something ) for the next 20 years at least . 
  but , a lot can happen in two years . 
  ah , well , that 's disappointing . 
  ouch . 
  ice cold . 
  but hillary is probably going to be our next president . 
  mostly because it 's hard to find someone who is against immigration who does n't say something like `` we want less moroccans in this country ! '', 
  actually i love that they want to send homophobes to camps . 
  good riddance . 
  they advocate the destruction of the patriarchy . 
  i 'm pretty sure that falls under italicized feminists . 
  i 'm of italian descent . 
  i always pull for the azzurri after the us is eliminated . 
  and considering the us is going out in the group stage ... 
  `` at least we 're going to win the world cup . '', 
  and i 'll update it then . 
  disappointed to see that , but glad to see the gains made by the greens and feminists . 
  feminist initiative gets the same percentage as sweden democrats in sweden , 7 % . 
  amazing result for them . 
  overall swedish ~ ~ results ~ ~ projections : v\u00e4nsterpartiet ( gue/ngl ) 8.1 % sveriges socialdemokratiska arbetarparti ( pes ) 23.7 % milj\u00f6partiet de gr\u00f6na ( greensefa ) 17.1 % centerpartiet ( ald ) 6.2 % folkpartiet liberalerna ( ald ) 9.5 % kristdemokraterna ( epp ) 5.1 % moderata samlingspartiet ( epp ) 13.0 piratpartiet ( european pirates ) 2.5 sverigedemokraterna ( ni ) 7.0 feministiskt initiativ ( ni ) 7.0 smashing victory for left-leaning parties . 
  that 's the thing though ; it 's hard to be anti-immigration without seeming at least kind of racist or superior , because you 're basically saying `` screw off '' to foreigners . 
  these politicians would say yes if you 're an immigrant . 
  god seeing le pen getting support is absolutely heartbreaking as an admirer of the french people . 
   one of the most damaging traditions handed down in american culture is the veneration for the `` founding fathers '' and for the untouchability of the constitution . 
  it is a quasi religious tradition . 
  and people still care about what they think . 
  `` oh , this is n't what the founders would 've wanted . '', 
  who gives a fuck , honestly ? 
  the founders owned slaves and prevented women from voting . 
  why should we care what they 'd think ? 
  stop living in the past . 
  i completely agree with the rest of your comment ( especially about the continued belief in the american dream , despite overwhelming evidence otherwise ) , but not with your optimism . 
  the american people have become lazy and used to their relatively comfy lives that they do n't want to risk anything by protesting . 
  occupy was the closest we got to any sort of massive protests for change , and it did n't do anything and was widely ridiculed . 
  i 'm hopeful , but not optimistic . 
  you 're telling me . 
  i 've been advocate to scrap our current constitution ( we say `` one of the oldest in the world '' like it 's a badge of honor and not how horribly outdated our document is ) , to ensure equal treatment for all ( gay people still ca n't get married in over half the states ! ), 
  among other things . 
  this will never happen , unfortunately . 
  power is too concentrated , and americans are too `` muh freedumbz '' to even consider any meaningful constitutional reform . 
  ron paul does not hold american liberal views ( american liberalism is closer to european social democracy than traditional liberal views ) . 
  he is a deranged right-winger , a wolf in sheep 's clothing who has a positive rapport with the young and redditors because if his pro-marijuana stance ( because they seem to think he 's the only pro-weed politician , though most mainstream politicians support decriminalization already and obama wants to stop the war on drugs ) . 
  but he wants to throw the poor to the wolves , outlaw abortion , and remove all business regulations ( even food and drug regulations ) . 
  fortunately , paul is a laughingstock among mainstream politics and will never hold any real power . 
  the difference is , it 's harder for fringe politicians to get power in the us than in the uk . 
  not to mention the republican mainstream would never , ever go for ron paul . 
   hope ukip / bnp do badly . 
  do n't hold your breath , friend . 
  across the pond , this is looking eerily similar to the tea party movement that took over the country in 2010 . 
  since they got into congress the government has ground to halt , with manufactured crisis after manufactured crisis . 
  i hope ukip do badly , but i know they wo n't . 
  nigel farage is your ron paul , except scarier . 
  who for , if you do n't mind my asking ? 
  it 's because reddit is broadly left-libertarian . 
  that 's why i like it here . 
  meh , the uniforms are n't great , but their flag is way better than south korea 's . 
  i took it as `` fairy tales with the main characters the same-sex . '', 
  so it 's exactly like that . 
  you 're forgetting that children with same-sex parents are bullied relentlessly .
