i suggest the media stop reporting it as much . 
  then apparently most muslims are racist against other muslims . 
  this is an excellent point . 
  the nonstop publicity isis has received has almost certainly helped swell their numbers , and that 's why so many westerners ( especially young , disillusioned people ) are drawn to them . 
  there have always been westerners joining islamist terrorist cells . 
  but never on this scale before . 
  guy on bbc : `` more than a million people have said that in spite of all the uncertainty independence brings , they 'd rather go on their own than stay with westminster ... westminster can not put their hands in their pockets and turn away ... huge changes are coming . '', 
  sky has called for no . 
  north ayrshire narrowly no . 
  have a good night/morning . 
  not even 200,000 yes votes in glasgow . 
  just 53-47 . 
  very disappointing . 
  huge result for no . 
  it 's safe to say this is just about over . 
  aberdeen ( not aberdeenshire ) is no . 
  no very close to taking a 100,000 vote lead which 'll be a damn near impossible to make up . 
  fantastic result for no . 
  i dunno , i think it 's a pretty good result for yes . 
  and the guardian and bbc agree . 
  this suddenly has gotten a lot more interesting . 
  yes wins handily anyway . 
  pretty good result for yes . 
  73.8 % turnout in dundee city . 
  kind of disappointing . 
  he 's hoping it disappears into the fog . 
  less than 100 votes . 
  guardian just said inverclyde yes by less than 100 votes . 
  edit : nvm they got yes and no mixed up . 
  ~ ~ amateurs ~ ~ . 
  wow, 
  fiona stalker of bbc :  the `` no '' campaign in aberdeen are now confident of victory . 
  at the start of the night they thought it was too close to call . 
  they are now estimating 58 % for `` no '' . 
  privately the `` yes '' campaign are admitting that it does look like `` no '' is ahead in aberdeen . 
  both sides are saying the vote is split by wealth . 
  ** better-off areas or middle class areas appear to be voting `` no '' and predominantly the less well-off areas are voting `` yes '' ** . 
  emphasis mine . 
  not surprised to see the classes breaking that way . 
  patrick harvie of scottish greens :  well the result looks disappointing . 
  but losing the energy & motivation of people who 've become re-engaged in politics would be even worse . 
  sounds like a concession . 
  i agree with this comment from the guardian , from early september when yes was on a meteoric rise :  still , this yougov poll might be a blessing in disguise for the no side . 
  haughty complacency is being replaced by energetic eagerness ( see tim farron above ) . 
  probably many no leaning peeps who were n't planning to vote who 'll be energized to do it now . 
  looks like that 's what happened . 
  jesus , this is a slaughterhouse . 
  will salmond resign tomorrow ? 
  guardian saying eilean siar about to declare . 
  anticipated to be one of the best places for yes , but so was clackmannanshire . 
  i 'd say no , because they won anyway . 
  for maine , yes , i would support an independence movement . 
  for california , it depends on the size of those who wo n't independence . 
  they think braveheart is a documentary of something that happened 20 years ago . 
  polls show there is n't a yes area equally dominated . 
  i generally support all independence movements if there is reason to believe that the region seeking independence has legitimate gripes against the parent government . 
  i think scotland meets that . 
  other people might not , that 's fine . 
  maybe the rest of the uk should kick london out . 
  sure , get rid of them . 
  take the entire south . 
  edit : i should say independence movements in the united states are in a completely different galaxy compared to scotland . 
  calling it fringe would be giving it too much credit . 
  i support the yes vote . 
  press association saying west lothian going 53 % for no . 
  yes is done :(, 
  actually surprising it was greater than 70 % . 
  it must suck to be the 5,000 nationalists on orkney . 
  the host was similarly surprised `` i would n't have taken that much from clackmannanshire . '', 
  msnbc is interviewing a guardian reporter ewan somethingorother , just said `` it 's safe to say scotland will be remaining part of the united kingdom . '', 
  you do n't honestly think he gets anywhere near bucharest before we come in and bitchslap them back to the stone age , do you ? 
  do it . 
  we fucking dare you . 
  to use an old west wing quote : he 's slightly to the right of the kaiser . 
  in america we do n't have a left wing anyway . 
  we have right-wing , and far right . 
  most democrats would fit well into the tories in britain or ump in france . 
  he nearly won south carolina too . 
  that would 've been amazing , a liberal democrat just cutting through the deep south . 
  depends on which part . 
  i know some english who wish everywhere north of liverpool would join an independent scotland . 
  oh , i misread you . 
  it 's early here . 
  dude , it was a joke . 
  be calm . 
  if scotland votes yes , isis wins !, 
  for the plantations , it 's really a case-by-case thing . 
  some plantations were destroyed by union forces , some lost their money either through looting or other reasons . 
  a lot stayed open past the war , though , and employed their former slaves as sharecroppers . 
  but with the industrial revolution , most of the `` old south '' was gone by the 20th century . 
  south texas is largely latino , which are almost exclusively democratic supporting ( except for cuban latinos , who are republican ) . 
  the democrats in the deep south are descendants of slaves . 
  see this [ image ] ( http://thesocietypages.org/socimages/files/2008/11/overlay.jpg ) : the brown dots are slave-owning plantations in the pre civil war south . 
  the northeast and west coast is very liberal , southeast and central more conservative , but it varies . 
  i always wonder why they hate the ivory coast so much . 
  the united states is a protestant country , and catholics were largely untrusted ( i.e. , non-catholics were n't sure of catholic loyalty to the us ) until kennedy . 
  there were fears that if the pope asked kennedy to do something , he 'd do it even if it was n't in the country 's best interest , which is ludicrous . 
  they called paisley the ira 's single greatest recruitment officer . 
  so i bet it achieved pushing a few more catholic youths towards radicalism . 
   wants to abolish women 's voting rights he sounds like he somehow traveled to the present from 1544 .
