usually people guess one of the nordic countries or estonia . 
  but when we at some point go `` voi perkeleen perkele '' then people go `` oh you 're from finland '' . 
  obviously [ m\u00e4mmi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c3%a4mmi ) . 
  just a habit i guess . 
  no special reason . 
  pretty much all political parties welcome refugees , some actually mean it and others just say it for show . 
  i 'd say there are people for and against it across all parties . 
  at the level of the entire country it is hard to say but i 'd guess most are for it . 
  here are a few reasons that i 've heard why people do not want refugees in finland anymore ( or never wanted in the first place ) : - you have to understand the difference between a refugee and an immigrant . 
  there is discontent ( vocal and silent ) amongst the populace due to the fact that we can not reliably distinguish one from the other . 
  - we did not have anything to do with the current situation in the middle east or the destabilization of it . 
  why should we be forced to play clean up for the actions of bigger countries ? 
  - our current economic situation which is bad and getting worse . 
  there have also been incidents with some of the `` refugees '' which has swayed public opinion to be more negative/aggressive towards refugees like sexual assault/harassment , whining of the food they have been served which is the same quality as children at daycare/elementary school get ( which one refugee said he would only feed to a dog or woman ) and violence between refugees themselves . 
  i personally am now against taking any more refugees and think that every single refugee that arrived here in finland in the past few months should be rejected and deported immediately without any recourse whether they like it or not . 
  minimum wage is not legislated in finland ( as in not written in law ) . 
  wages and benefits are agreed upon by employer groups and employee unions for a set amount of time . 
  medium wage is somewhere around 2500-3000 eur a month for a full time employee . 
  you can probably find more accurate statistics of those at `` tilastokeskus ( dot ) fi '' or `` stat ( dot ) fi '' . 
  what skills are needed depends on the job . 
  totally generalizing it i 'd say `` do n't be a lazy cunt '' . 
  for some odd reason after reading article i immediately started thinking about fusion reactors for energy/power ( do n't know which is the more correct or accurate term to use in english , i 'm not that scientifically literate ) , spaceships powered with said fusion reactors and colonization of our solar system . 
  hopefully i 'll see a working fusion reactor in my lifetime . 
  ** refugee crisis : ** 1 . 
  would you agree that not all the people coming from conflict zones are refugees but people claiming to be refugees because they 've learned that by claiming to be refugees they have a better chance of being allowed to stay in the various eu countries ? 
  concerning # 1 - how do you think that officials ( police , customs and so on ) are supposed to cope with the massive volume of people coming into the eu , claiming to be refugees and lying/saying half-truths about everything ( where they are from , their names , destroying their travel documents if they bothered to bring them and so on ) and then make a decision based on those lies/half-truths if a person should be accepted as a refugee ? 
  do you share some of the concerns people across the eu have towards people who come from a wildly different culture where social norms conflict with ours and why we should adapt to their norms and not the other way around ? 
  why should smaller , neutral countries who have had nothing to do with creating the current conflicts in the middle east be forced take part in cleaning up the mess created by majors powers like the usa , uk , france , germany and russia that has now reached the eu ? 
  happy birthday romania !, 
  thank you for the link . 
  going to save it as a reference to shut ignorant people up . 
  as a child of one of the refugee children that sweden took in during that time i get so pissed when people bitch and whine about sweden not supporting ( or did not support enough ) finland during the wars . 
  this is so mean !, 
  for a split second i was like `` wait what ? 
  belgium has a cruiser ; aviation ??? 
  estonia , fuck yeah !, 
  \\ m / '_' \\ m /, 
  have to say that for an aircraft carrier the cdg is pretty . 
  happy independence day latvia !, 
  shall there be many more to come . 
  best regards from finland . 
  remember to have cake . 
  a lot of cake . 
  glancing over that article with my less than adequate swedish i 'd say it 's a combination of events ( not sure if event is the correct word here ) over the past 5-10 years . 
  we have a pretty similar trend here in finland where police and emergency services personnel are becoming more dissatisfied and frustrated . 
  their wages have been increased comparatively little while funding has decreased meaning more workload per person/patrol which has lead to dangerous situations and is likely to lead to more situations like that . 
  i am not sure if it 's the same in the other nordic countries but i 'd wager they 're not that far off . 
  couple of things come to mind . 
  all the foreigners praise our nature and tens of thousands of lakes of clean water . 
  if you 're born and grew up here it kinda grows old , fast . 
  like an elevator plunging down without emergency brakes when the cable is cut . 
  we know our environment is relatively clean and untouched and we like to keep it that way . 
  so whatever you managed to bring with you to the forests you should manage to get them out as well . 
  some foreigners ( usually people who have never even been here ) think we are rude . 
  for mainly two reasons from what i 've gathered when talking to foreigners . 
  first because we do n't bullshit around and run our mouths every waking moment . 
  secondly because our language has no equivalent for the english word `` please '' which is utter bullshit . 
  salmiakki is yummy !, 
  no matter what foreign peasantry thinks of it . 
  estonia is a baltic country , not nordic . 
  here 's my proof : http://satwcomic.com/party-crasher, 
  before answering i did consider it was a joke of some sort but apart from the all caps meme in it i could n't find anything humorous . 
  unless it was the all caps meme that was supposed to be the joke and if so then it was a pretty poor one . 
  what gave you that impression ? 
  i do regard the other nordic countries as closer family than any other european country but that , at least to me , does not imply that i do n't like other countries in europe like for example the baltic countries . 
  as a finn i regard europe as an extremely extended family where the closest relatives being my beloved nordic fellows in no particular order . 
  i have never traveled outside of europe and sadly have n't had the opportunity to travel to that many places in europe in my adult life so far . 
  from my understanding of history and meeting people from other european countries i can say that we have a lot in common but then again there are numerous things ( for the lack of a better word that would encompass customs , habits , quirks and oddities that each country has ) that we differ in . 
  i 'd say that is the appeal of europe . 
  we are similar but still different . 
  i 've never understood the need for the usa to one up the uk in everything . 
  this time i think they overdid it . 
  i guess it 's the history between them that some how invokes the need in the yanks to trump the brits at all cost . 
  oooooooh crap . . 
  was n't erdogan like that as well ? 
  poles need to get your shit together or get out of the eu with your bronze age bullcrap . 
  and i thought turkey 's erdogan was mental . . 
  computer says no . 
  ears are a bit off but otherwise spot on . 
  you 're a really good artist . 
  really ? 
  i guess buying a mirror of her size would bankrupt the entire country . 
  i have hard time understanding what you are trying to say . 
  so : - i am not bullshitting you ( what do you even mean ? ), 
  - honest with any country ??? 
  - yes in my own subjective opinion they made the wrong choice . 
  despite years of enduring their despicable meps and behaviour i 'm quite sure everyone in the eu ( at least the vast majority ) would have wanted the uk to stay in . 
  but they made their choice and now they will have to face the consequences ( reality of it ) . 
  what really makes me sad was seeing the stats of voters by age . 
  a lot of people did not simply bother to vote and shame on them . 
  albeit it makes me sad i can guarantee that i nor anyone else has anymore sympathy left for the british . 
  sorry , fresh out . 
  no one ( even a bloc of nations ) has infinite patience . 
  - i do not even like dancing - everyone in the world sees things through their own spectacle ( mine 's pale blue with a touch of indigo ), 
  plenty of reasons to be honest and when we are about to run out they kindly provide us with more . 
  response sure . 
  what kind of response . . well no one knows for sure . 
  but shit would definitely hit the fan in massive quantities all over the world if that ( war declaration ) were to happen . 
  unlike to you , whom consider russians a bunch of boogeymen that you tell stories of for your children for them to behave , for us they are a real and constant worry ever since putin came to power . 
  you also give the individual nato members far too much credit .
