  when it comes down to reality they would only think of themselves , period . 
  finland is n't part of scandinavia and i was solely talking of the russian threat to finland . 
  norway/sweden/denmark are not in any kind of danger . 
  there are no guarantees that the us led nato would intervene . 
  no matter what kind of wibble wobble partner status finland currently has with nato , not a member means no protection . 
  ah the british - a never ending well of lols . 
  indeed it is but is also one of the reason euroskepticism is on the rise in finland and from what i gather in other smaller eu nations . 
  i 'd guess he got triggered by some keywords and went full retard . 
  from reading that i 'd wager he 's a ncp supporter . 
  - we are getting ran over by bigger countries in the eu that force their stupid shit on us even when it 's harmful for us but beneficial to them - germany and others are pushing eu into a federalized government as in united states of europe - refugee situation and handling - financial situation and decisions ( greece ) - eu expanding too fast - big countries using eu as a leverage in their political agenda instead of common good/consensus, 
  the drama queen act and temper tantrum of 70 million people screwed up ~ 500 million people and cost around 2,1 trllion usd in the markets . 
  do brits really think there would/should not be repercussions ? 
  and no , ignorance is no excuse . 
  you did not bother to study and research the subject you voted on ? 
  your politicians were deceitful , dishonest and lying . 
  politician doing that is news to you ? 
  for as long as i remember brits have wanted special treatment , opt-outs and entitlements in the eu . 
  considering how british meps and politicians have conducted themselves in the past towards their counterparts and colleagues - how much sympathy do you expect to get from . . well anyone ? 
  i 'm at the point where eu should kick the uk out of they do not leave , although it is sad and painful , because i 've had enough of the uk acting like a f ****** diva . 
  out !, 
  no mercy !, 
  whether it is possible or not : - `` but my lord . . is it legal ? '', 
  - `` i will make it legal '', 
  could someone please eli5 this law ( link in the article ) for non-native english speakers ? 
  i read through it but i am not sure i understood it completely because it read like if you `` inconvenience '' someone through a public communication network chathes could be brought upon you . 
  there must be something i am missing or not understanding as that is simply insane . 
  was sad about 6 months ago but now . . good fucking riddance . 
  so the brits are n't the only ones with retarded ministers as of late . 
  glad to hear . 
  we are n't the fucking soviet union , cunt . 
  is / s not enough to denote sarcasm or does one need to decorate the entire post with stars or something like that ? 
  this is / europe , not / the_donald . 
  someone should explain to romania that it does n't mean they get free drugs and also that drugs in this context means pharmaceuticals and not like krokodil , heroine or mdma . 
  goat fucker says what ? 
  bitch please , we 're so drunk most of the time that we 're practically crawling from point to point . 
  work in progress . 
  give it time . 
  mexico - most friendliest and joyful people i 've ever met . 
  funny thing is that in europe and in the eu it would be possible for our lovely mamacita to take over juncker 's position . 
  meanwhile in glorious sovjetski russkie ruled by rasputlin she 'd be arrested , beaten , judged , violated and executed . 
  lol russians ... 
  this shows how clueless russians are when it comes to europe , eu and it 's role and the role of it 's officials . 
  interesting development . 
  i wonder how much importance is given to operating & maintenance cost and ease in the offer evaluations . 
  \\ #jesuispineapple, 
  on average 2733,34 $ per square meter . 
  speed is pretty irrelevant when the latencies are high . 
  i do n't understand why would anyone want to accept scotland into the eu if they break away from the uk . 
  they 're so similar to the english with their `` one foot inside and the other outside '' approach as was seen way before and after brexit . 
  best if they stay where they belong , a subservient vassal of the queen . 
  shut the door !, 
  `` europe 's '' alabama . 
  that 's pretty damn awesome especially with the musix . 
  is that a particular song or a `` greek music medley '' ( for the lack of a better word ) ? 
  finland : government legislating everything and in general too much redtape/byrocracy . 
  lol the french . 
  i wonder if she 'd mind if there was a `` coup '' in strasbourg and they joined germany . 
  i like you back . 
  if you are actually comparing the act of smoking to drunk driving or speeding then you really are a troll or the dimmest arsebandit ever . 
  those are your choices . 
  i know my rights and my choices to advocate said rights . 
  what you conveniently ( out of stupidity or because it pretty much voids whatever argument you thought had ) left out was basically ignoring whatever the state is trying to enforce upon you - look up prohibition as an example . 
  i 'm sure you know what smokers in other countries or even in austria would do if nicotine treatment was cheap and easily available . 
  good job painting smokers lazy , especially austrian ones that you seem to have a deep understanding of . 
  a lot less prevalent yes but it still occurs at regular intervals . 
  your `` argument '' has zero merit and i 'll briefly try to explain it since you 're too moronic to understand it : you can not legislate human behaviour such as smoking or drinking . 
  idiots , most likely with a similar mindset as what you have , have tried it in the past and failed - majestically . 
  smoking is less socially acceptable than in the past and it has fuck all to do with legislation or regulations . 
  science/medicine have proven the dangers of smoking and the publicity/education of it is what 's reduced the amount of population that smoke . 
  not legislation . 
  what legislatures have done is make a cash cow of it , tax it as much as possible as it 's addictive and at the same reduce the measures available for people to break the addiction and habit . 
  really ? 
  `` few people '' ? 
  how stupid can you really be ? 
  it 's this kind of idiocy you write that really makes you look like a troll . 
  those `` few people '' will always be a percentage of a population . 
  since you clearly do not understand big numbers or complicated words i 'll try to be as clear as possible : `` few people '' are in reality a lot of individuals . 
  good luck policing and `` prosecuting '' even a slight portion of those , police has a lot more important things to do than writing tickets to smokers . 
  just because you have n't heard of x does n't mean x does n't occur , dumbshit . 
  ever watch a random customs/border control reality show on tv ? 
  drugs are sent by mail regularly . 
  thanks for the count . 
  i try to keep it between 10 and 5 so you can count them yet still keep it challenging for you . 
  a lot of smokers ( me included ) would stop . 
  this is the part your narrow mind does n't seem to understand . 
  not all but a lot more . 
  those who want to keep smoking then it 's their choice and their right to do so ? 
  you do n't like it ? 
  well too fucking bad - go in the corner and cry yourself to sleep . 
  making it illegal would ? 
  really ? 
  you 're either a troll or the dumbest fuckwad i have ever met online . 
  here 's a few other things that stopped because it 's illegal : - drunk driving - underage drinking - inflcting physical harm to others - tax fraud/evasion - theft - double parking - indecent public exposure also do tell - who would enforce this ? 
  the police ? 
  good luck , they have more important things to do . 
  some new random civil servant position ? 
  good luck finding funding and smokers actually giving a single fuck when some random comes to `` stop you from smoking '' . 
  you mean like how people drink alcohol to relax and in social encounters ? 
  it 's about breaking the habit you moronic knucklefuck and nicotine treatment does help with that . 
  my examples were to show how retarded the laws and regulations have been made so they actually prevent/discourage smokers from breaking the habit and quitting , you clueless spunktowel .
