  til we are no longer a part of europe . 
   along with over half the rest of the world ? 
  that should be along all members of the union at least . 
  the eu has enormous leverage as a whole but hates to use its power . 
  afaik the tension started when the greek president made a statement about the genocide . 
  the monastery was mostly a non issue with most people saying that if it will be closed next year as well , then it would be considered something serious . 
  yeah they saved us by freely giving the west aligned forces free napalm bombs . 
  hint : stop the good cop and the bad cop . 
   nobody wants to compromise this , despite the fact that the stance of the greek state is that northern macedonia is fine , many still consider it treason :(, 
  pork gyros is best gyros . 
  til that skopje 2014 was a victory . 
  but the military would definitely want to regain in some way its legitimacy ... 
  this and that turkey disputes our control on some of them . 
  the one we share borders with :p, 
   / e : the big wtf on this map is greece , not ee . 
  our gdp shrunk a lot but military expenditures could n't shrink by the same magnitude due to our regional bully who we call an ally . 
   he most likely was shia a shia killer named david ? 
  there would be something to remind of their existence in case they are exterminated . 
  he could also explain that retroactively changing the penalty for a crime is unconstitutional for turkey and unthinkable for the developed world . 
  and its the germans that are supposed to have a bad sense of humor . 
   no serious casualties incorrect , there were casualties in the imia/kardak mess . 
  also in a few cases greek pilots died in crashes after dangerous moves of turkish airplanes . 
  not to mention when turkish airplanes fly over inhabited islands endangering civil flights . 
  whatever . 
  you could try arguing against his stance on a more integrated eu . 
  discrediting him now is just shitty politics . 
  and why are we discussing it now ? 
  the reason obviously is that * some * people really do n't like his views on what the eu should look like and instead of using arguments they started discrediting him . 
  merkel would love a powerfull commission that does exactly what she likes . 
  i have a feeling that if a replacement is found the new president of the commission will be much more friendly with merkel ... 
  nonsense . 
  they do n't have any reason to come to greece and not go in any richer country . 
  we already are in the place where jobs in the it sector are created but there is a shortage in workers . 
  the capable ones already left the country and the ones that stayed here are not good enough for these jobs . 
  the more severe the brain drain the lower the chances for the economy to recover and debt be repaid . 
  ok here is the absurdity of the greek problem.there is a party that claims that it wants to reform the shit of the country and it is new democracy . 
  i would vote them if they would do it but they did n't do it all these years . 
  nd have never reformed the pension system once . 
  they just adjusted some parameters of the system giving it a few years of life . 
  nd and the socialists created an unbelievable mess of a system where noone could make a forecast about the average retirement age because of the countless loopholes on the system . 
  it is no wonder that the dearest party of the pensioners is nd . 
  then come the circus called syriza with a bunch of clowns ( the greatest clown is the yanis ) , and among a lot of crap they do some correct reforms like closing every single loophole from the pension system regarding retirement age effectively making almost impossible to get retired before the age of 67 . 
  and the opposition fails to acknowledge that the pension system was improved by syriza . 
  and the judgement if it got improved or got worse is not mine but by platon tinios , a well known libertarian greek , expert on our pension system . 
  ( this guy of course argues that to further improve it need to involve the private sector ) . 
  so we have the absurd situation of syriza actually doing much needed reforms . 
  independent experts that can act according to what the german government and german tabloids want . 
  yes and that 's why saying that sh\u00e4uble did n't want a grexit is a lie . 
  and that 's my point here . 
  sh\u00e4uble indeed wants a grexit if all other possibilities are ruled out . 
  well , if he did n't want a grexit , or a transfer union , or a debt relief , what exactly did he want ? 
  waking up one day and having the problem solved on its own ? 
  no one forces to get the benefits of the eu . 
  they are free to leave but it does n't look like they really want to leave ( and lose access to the common market ) . 
   they spent 13 million on art !!!, 
  the horror !, 
  and to think that a part of these 13 million may have been used to fund game of thrones so as we remember that northern ireland exists . 
  a good point ? 
  juncker was selected by the european parliament and tusk represents his prime minister . 
  if his prime minister did n't like him he could have proposed someone else . 
  is stoltenberg elected ? 
  why do n't people bitch about nato being an undemocratic institution ? 
  england said democratically that they do n't want to be in the eu and scotland can democratically say that they prefer to be in the eu and on in the uk . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  greece is member of nato and allied to the west ever since the western allied greeks won the greek civil war that followed wwii . 
  with the blessings and the napalm bombs of the americans of course . 
  your national threat is nato 's enemy and our national threat is a nato member who outright disputes greek territory . 
  due to that we have to spend shitloads of money for arms . 
  i would welcome some support from other countries but its unlikely . 
  it 's not really about nato but the eu . 
  does eu agree that these areas are greek or they agree that they are turkish ? 
  do they think they are grey zones ? 
  what should frontex do there ? 
  does n't it create a precedent frontex does n't recognise these areas as greek ? 
  eventually the eu should pick a side and well , it does n't . 
  why should i care about a non member of the eu ? 
  yeah we care about dombass and luhansk as much as the rest of europe cares about some greek islands that are openly disputed by turkey . 
  up until now turkey considered `` grey areas '' but now they outright claim them . 
  so when frontex or nato is in such an area it does n't really ask turkish ships to leave , greek coastguard has to go and ask it . 
  some days ago the turkish coastguard tried to arrest a greek because he was in the disputed areas but the greek coastguard came and they left . 
  and geopolitical reasons . 
  they did n't but this does n't change the fact that they were reckless and they were rescued with your money . 
   ( partially ) back incorrect . 
  some german and french banks were payed in full . 
   spent on effectively paying for a wealthier country 's debts ? 
  i wonder what kind of shitstorm will start when you realize that you bailed out german and french banks ... 
  he means that if the roma are not taken in consideration the adolescent fertility rate would be way lower . 
  yeah , an 25 % reduction of gdp has some consequences ... 
  the fastest way to reach the previous levels of gdp ppp would be a 25 % reduction of the population ( by immigration ) or more . 
  that 's not completely correct . 
  some french and german banks were repayed the total amount without any haircut . 
   the continuing war in syria , the jet crisis with russia , oh sounds like you did n't have an option there ... 
  during the age of exploration greece was `` colonized or controlled '' by the ottoman empire . 
  especially in this age it was not under any european control or influence . 
  that 's incorrect . 
  a large part of today 's turkey was part of the heart of the eastern roman empire . 
  not just colonized . 
  that is rather impressive . 
  congrats to tunisia !, 
  what 's the situation right now compared to back then regarding the fertility rate and literacy ?
