  one of the problem that politicians ( both in greece and in brusells ) failed to point is that the social contract in greece is a mess . 
  i doubt that any reform in the public sector or any form of prosecution can improve it . 
  greeks do n't trust anyone except the people they know . 
  they consider everyone else a thief and as a result we end up with a really disfunctional society . 
  the absurd dedication to austerity ( which is of course needed ) and reforms really made things worse as people are strained to extremes to get around . 
  this is one of the reasons that i think that a grexit is inevitable . 
  politicians do n't really try to understand the problem but talk only about numbers . 
  ( either it be like ` look at the damn deficit ' or ` look at the damn suicides ' ) . 
  i am serious . 
  it is the perfect excuse to start attacking western politicians and become even more popular in russia . 
  as if putin would give a damn about the netherlands . 
  yeah , that 's weird . 
  i was surprised to see starbucks . 
  there is another greek fast food outlet that is bigger than other but still not as big as mcdonalds is in other countries . 
  this . 
  so much political capital is being spent for bullshit reforms instead of focusing on some of the core issues that make the state dysfuncitonal making it impossible for bussinesses to operate . 
  keep in mind that in greece we change the tax law every 3 or 6 months . 
  this is a nightmare for bussinesses trying to understand what the current law is . 
   well , the imf refuses to do debt relief themselves - they 're just calling for others to do the debt relief this is the definition of the lender of last resort . 
  let 's stop showing this problem as being simple . 
  it is not . 
  everyone is to blame , some more , some less . 
  everyone made a disasstrous choises . 
  perhaps we should start talking about what are these choices instead pointing fingers ( at one direction ) . 
   anel are right wingers but not nationalists til, 
  of course it was not a victim of the crisis . 
  i am saying where the money of the loans went . 
  and it is worth noting here that especially the first bailout program was designed also to make sure that some specific big european banks would n't have any credibility problems in case greece defaulted . 
  keep in mind who asked the greek people to vote for yes : it was european officials , the parties that brought us here and previous prime ministers . 
   calling the rest of europe `` terrorists '' source ? 
  i see it again and again and honestly it looks like a mistranslation . 
  keep in mind that it is very easy to ask you to pay arbitrary ammounts of money unless you ask for the receipt which states formaly the cost you should pay . 
  greeks easily stop believing any kind of stuff actually . 
  the losses were already socialized during the first bailout in order to reduce the danger of a turmoil in the ez in case greece defaulted, 
  this . 
  no wonder the bailout was a total disaster . 
  the whole approach of the media was a mess leading to people not believing enything and not accepting any reforms after some time . 
  oh i really want to hear about that . 
  remember what happened in the early 2000s ? 
  olympics . 
  and who was paid for all that crap ? 
  i know !, 
  we started giving out money to random people . 
  no , not to oligarchs . 
  if you think some other facts are wrong , you should provide some sources as well . 
  keep in mind that greece also had to borrow money in order to recapitalize the banks that were hit hard because of the housing bubble . 
  people should not forget the mistakes of the private sector as well . 
  in 2014 we had a deficit of 3.5 of gdp and a primary surplus of 0.3 of the gdp . 
  that means that we needed 3.8 % to service the debt . 
  ~ ~ yeah the interest is indeed low but we still have to pay 8 % ** of the gdp ** in order to service the debt . 
  that 's why even though we have a primary surplus we still have a deficit . ~ ~ nevermind this post . 
  i found the actual numbers and updated the previous post . 
  though i agree that there was an overly negative view for greece in media of europe , i think some of your facts are wrong . 
   4 - while almost all eu countries are struggling to get their budget deficit below 3 % , greece as of 2015 has a budget surplus of 4 % . 
  in 2014 we had a primary surplus of around ~ ~ 2 % ~ ~ 0,3 which means that we had a budget deficit of ~ ~ around 6 % i think ( or even more ) ~ ~ 3,5 % . 
  in other words we have to pay ~ ~ from 6 % to 8 % ( not sure about the actual number ) ~ ~ 3,8 % for repaying our debt . 
  in 2013 we had a primary surplus of 0,3 % of the gdp and a deficit of 12,3 % . 
  this is what caused my previous confusion . 
  the deficit is so high because of the cost of bank recapitalization . 
   5 - greece has ( up until now ) abided to every single one of the commitments which it has agreed to in the bailout agreements ( often reluctantly , but still ) again no . 
  greece has agreed with unrealistic goals for the bailout package . 
  from what i understand the goals had to be that harsh to the extent they were unrealistic because a less austere package would never be voted by the other european parliaments . 
  an example for this is that greece had agreed to have a primary surplus of 3 % for 2015 which means that dispite the fact that greece has accompliced a fiscal consolidation that was phenomenal , the bailout package actually expected to produce such high primary surpluses so that we will have a low bugdet deficit , dispite the fact that no other country can operate with so high primary surpluses . 
  in other words the unrealistic part of the package is that we are expected to have a low budget deficit and also be able to service the debt that costs about ~ ~ 8 % ~ ~ 3,8 % of gdp for the budget . 
  edit : i stand corrected . 
  updated the numbers based on the sources : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;plugin=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=teina200 http://www.kathimerini.gr/807610/article/oikonomia/ellhnikh-oikonomia/prwtogenes-pleonasma-ektos-stoxwn-to-2014-15-paradexetai-to-ypoik http://www.naftemporiki.gr/finance/story/798678/i-eurostat-epikurose-to-protogenes-pleonasma, 
  this is n't about secession though . 
  he is talking about syria . 
  or it can mean , we will send enough isis militants till you are exterminated . 
  huh ? 
  if the current system cared about providing incentives to reprodice we would n't have a demographic problem . 
  technically it is the one who reproduces and survives more . 
  but to survive you have to adapt as well . 
  a human ca n't survive alone against a lion . 
  the human adapts . 
  forms communities and uses his brain . 
  it is more than muscles and penises . 
  so there is no social factor in sex and reproducion ? 
  no love ? 
  as if everything in the crisis was handled in an inteligent way . 
  til : german media ca n't sway the general population to everything they like . 
  they can decide to pull the plug of ela at any moment . 
  and this liquidity is actually an emergency loan . 
  though i do n't likee daily mail , this is what i hav in mind last month . 
  i guess we will be voting in a very volatile situation . 
  one bank already announced 2 days ago that web banking activity will ~ ~ reduced ~ ~ * unavailable * in the weekend . 
  i bet that we will be voting with capital controls enacted . 
  edit : according to the news people already rush to atms . 
  a bankrun must have already started . 
  it is definitely weird . 
  it is balsy based on the fact that we will decide about a program that will be technically over . 
  perhaps a short extension will be given , but who knows what will happen if not and what it means . 
  it is balsy in the sense that it would be `` undemocratic '' not to get an extension . 
  i on the other hand believe that grexit is nothing compared to immigration . 
  immigration can spark very easily nationalism in any state of europe . 
  if the flows of immigrants does n't stop soon we will have states that think that schengen is a burden and opt to have full border checks . 
  my uncle is a resident of paros ans owns some rooms-to-let . 
  it is n't that shiny for smaller bussinesses . 
  i agree . 
  but will the economy grow if greece becomes less competitive with a vat increase ?
