  it is so big that the same means of transportation are unable to cope with the sheer amount of people . 
  they amass in greek islands unable to leave because they do n't find tickets . 
  they ammass in the northern border because trains in fyrom ca n't get them fast enough . 
  and thtey are still coming . 
  now the congestion has reached serbia and i expect the wave to reach hungary and austria in one month . 
  after that suddenly we will see the lady who always acts too little and too late because she hates large changes to say that enough is enough it is about time we solve this issue . 
  you 'd need a wall to do that . 
  it 's not like they get into fyrom from a border check point , they just walk through some fields and enter the next country . 
  seriously , some islands are a few kilometers away from the turkish shores . 
  do you think that even if we return them back , they will not attampt to come again ? 
  and how close are the countries from where immigrants leave to reach australia ? 
  i ask because you can reach some greek from turkey in 10 to 30 minutes with a boat and people moving them have plenty of time to run back to turkish controled waters when coastguard approaches . 
  one example is samos which is 3km away from the turkish shores , or lesvos which is 10km away . 
  for reference tallin is 70 km away from elsinki . 
  and lapendusa island which is the main entry to italy is more than 100km from the lybian coast . 
  trololol , they do n't come walking in greece . 
  they come in boats . 
  the only alternative we have is to sink them or watch them drown . 
  it is really comfortable being surrounded by sea is n't it ? 
  like saying `` i 'll hold my breath until you do what i want '', 
   instead , this money goes to muslims . 
  i did n't know that christian immigrants can not receive any help . 
   it urged macedonia to `` establish an orderly and protection-sensitive management of its borders '' while appealing to greece to `` enhance registration and reception arrangements '' on its side of the border . 
    the unhcr also said it had been assured by macedonia the border `` will not be closed in the future '' , but did not elaborate . 
   greece itself has seen almost 160,000 people landing on its shores since january , the un estimates , with 50,000 arriving in the past month alone . 
  so what are both countries supposed to do ? 
  greece has a population of 10 millions and received 160,000 people in 8 months . 
  what exactly should we do with all that people ? 
  if we suppose that we process asylum applications , we have to process them in an unprecedented rate and in the meantime support all these people . 
  what are we supposed to do if they want to go on and walk all the way to northern europe ? 
  are we also responsible for the ones who leave schengen and go through fyrom ? 
  because it punishes the border countries for being close to the border saying that they are supposed to keep them or send them back on their own ( and handle the same people that enter again and again ) . 
  it 's not like we give them tickets to leave . 
  they came to the shores of the meditteranean walking and after crossing the sea they will continue walking . 
  one question is how people are planning to step them without building a wall all around their countries . 
  i wonder how is it possible that i have never come across that one ^ ^, 
  interesting . 
  i have read about how many germans were forced to move to what germany is today but never thought about the impact it would have on how people see immigration today . 
  it is more accurate to say that cities like k\u00f6nigsberg were german before wwii . 
  hm , looking at this : do you think the bailout package will prevent greek from going bankrupt ? 
  76 % no do you agree with a debt relief for greece ? 
  ( now ) 61 % no i wonder what is a viable solution according to the german people . 
  i doubt anyone questions the actions of the police so far . 
  the situation is really unsolvable . 
  no , its like two retarded people getting slapped by people passing by and they still argue with each other about them slapping each other in the past . 
  and here we come to the point . 
  could we ask them to build a wall and tell them not to let anyone leave threatening people with guns ? 
  just keep in mind that only specific areas are affected . 
  you would see immigrants around if you visit an eastern island or downtown athens ( which imo is ugly with or without them ) . 
   feeling that we were walking money bags people wanted to extract as much profit from as possible huh , i always feel ashamed that some greeks do the same but i 'm at least glad that we are ahaid of the competition . 
  our turkish friends can correct my if i am wrong about this . 
  from what i read , my understandning is that in many muslim states ( turkey included ) , the state is not kept together solely by people belonging to the same nation but islam also keeps these states functioning , people can sympathise more with others etc. 
  again i am not an expert on the matter but i think that turkish people would be way more concerned if the refugees were christian . 
  as winter comes it will become harder to cross the eagean so the rate immigrants come will also be smaller . 
  also , the reason they are stuck there is that all boat tickets are booked till the end of the month meaning that those who will have the money to buy tickets will be able to leave without problems . 
  technically yes , see here for more info : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sappho#sexuality_and_community however we avoid using the word lesbian . 
  the largest city of lesbos is mytilene and we often call the island mytilini . 
  so if we want to say that someone is from there we say that he is from mytilene . 
   these ads do n't work . 
  has this been tested in the past ? 
  i do n't see why there is no chance this will work . 
  we have been doing it for years but in the sea it is very easy for these boats to see that coast guard approaches them and flee back to the turkish controled waters . 
  yes for now there are many stuck on lesbos . 
  around the end of the month they will be able to find some tickets to leave though . 
  you are free and ask the un first to change what is recognised as human rights . 
  we are welcome to ideas about how to achive it . 
  right now there are some thousands in a few greek islands and because of the large number of tourists all transportation by sea are booked and they are unable to leave till the end of month . 
  you need a lot of manpower and resources just to manage those people and find out where they came from and then spend ever more money to send them back . 
  this . 
  same thing happened in some greek islands as the influx was so great that it was impossible to accept so many people and give them the typical few days long permit . 
  to make matter worse , many ended up in islands where all sea transportation was sold out and are unable to leave . 
  cmon , you are not supposed to be funny xdddd . 
  just wait till you become the equivalent of washington dc which has no local government :p, 
  next time nato tries to destabilize another region close to europe we should have the guts to stop this madness as this will mean more immigrants to us . 
  europe is supposed to be able to protect itself without being played by us foreign policy . 
  hahaha , do you think that it will stop them from living in the streets ? 
  it still does n't remove the incentive to go there . 
  please , be more accurate . 
  21,000 migrants hit greek shores from turkey . 
  its almost as if they try to get as much as possible of their money back . 
   emotionalizing hate propaganda keep in mind that the press also fueled this as a way to avert people from targetting the oligarchs controling the media . 
   italy has even begun to turn back boats of refugees . 
  and italy was punished for such actions . 
  what 's funny is that some countries think that they can get away with immigration just by doing nothing . 
  at least sweden does something ( even though it does n't help to stop the immigration wave ) . 
  its amazing how the turkish invasion looks like the case of crimea , yet nobody cares . 
  and our good for nothing union does nothing for that ... 
  i would really love to see europe as a single state where the best parts help the worst parst , modernise , fight fraud and coruption and actually help run the state in a more logical way . 
  speaking for myself , i have already accepted that we wo n't really pay all that debt ( or most of it ) but how we will end up really is up to us greeks to give up some of our stupid pride and let some germans or french help us build a decent state . 
  the creditors are asking the imf to participate and the responce is actually that they wo n't participate unless the creditors accept to include debt relief in the bailout . 
  moreover all creditors are members of the imf and already agree with its rules saying that the debt to imf should never be restructured . 
  i see it more like a call saying that if the creditors want their assistance and money , they should create a viable plan first . 
  i hope greece is next . 
   also i blame your electoral system . 
  why give away 16.67 % of your seats ( and voting power ) to the largest political party ? 
  the results is something similar to the uk 's fptp . 
  though there is no really good party anyway . 
  the last 2 decades the main political parties changed the law several times to give a bigger bonus of seats to the party that gets the most votes , in order for them to keep successing the other and getting absolute majority in the parliament dispite the fact that people kept losing faith in both of them . 
  i completely agree . 
  this is a very important point .
