and we are still hoping for the germans to extradite the german national who bribed greek politicians and tell us who they were . 
  thats another factor that contributes to the neverending corruption, 
  nah i do n't agree with conspiracy theories . 
  its more like the date here were taken by reading bild or other silly tabloids like that . 
  the data here is a total joke . 
  greece has the same severity of violent demonstrations with belarus or ukraine ? 
  come on . 
  edit : venezuela is level 4 as well . 
  mostly this . 
  also important are the facts that he is young compared to the rest of the dinosaurs of our parliament . 
  moreover pasok these days is mostly a right-wing party ( thats how the people see them ) and hence the people who used to vote on pasok moved to other parties and most of them vote syriza in the last 2 years, 
  its a game that favours everyone who takes part in it . 
  these games help right wing politicians both in turkey and greece to say that `` we have to be alert of our enemies '' and have political gains from this . 
  on top of that europe is pretty fine with that as we play these games with french and german airplains and ships hence supporting their exports, 
  it would be really helpful if germany extradited some of the people who gave the bribes but as some of them have are have on the same time greek and german natinalities , they just fled to germany and now they ca n't tell us who they bribed . 
  if they tell us i assure you that the current government will be no more because the people they were bribing were memebrs of the two parites that form the current coalition . 
   its perfect for scaring tourists more scary than eating roasted lamb intestines ? 
  :p http://www.fooddaily.gr/photos/kokoretsi-1334314935.jpg, 
  afaik there already exists an agreement of eu with turkey to accept illegal imigrants back but that was never enforced . 
  this new agreement looks like an attempt to apply common sense in the relationship of the eu with turkey by both parties . 
  lets hope he is n't going to provoke towards the aegean : / ... 
   omgno welcome to the club xd, 
  i really hope that what you say will come true . 
  we badly need some good news this shitty period . 
  i think it is also interesting to add a few more information our friends from europe does n't get right by reading this article . 
  this was announced by the minister of environment and energy and its about how depa , the public company for transorting natural gas , will make a study to see if this project is feasible . 
  whats important is that it is speculated that gazprom wants to buy depa . 
  i disagree with your last argument . 
  if they prove that the snipers were supported by yanukovych then this would support their legitimacy and even support their arguments against russia in crimea . 
  not to mention that it is n't the first time we heat the same allegation against the west for supporting radicals . 
  everyone already suspected the same but when a foreign affairs minister suspects something like that , it is more important than what a redditor suspects . 
  he says himselft at 8:50 that the fact that the new government does n't seem to care investigating who the snipers were , raises suspicion that they were from someone in the opposition of yanukovych, 
  tell that to the troika who insists to keep the oil taxes so high despite the fact that when the taxes were increased consumpion feel so much that incomes from taxes fell, 
  the same guy that when was minsiter of culture appointed several people from his hometown to the new museum of acropolis and five years later as a pm started applying austerity with the same passion . 
  neither . 
  he just applies austerity with passion, 
  just wait till it becomes a world trend, 
  i agree with you that the governments policies are terribly wrong but we have to admit that as the statistics show greece will have a deficit lower than 3 % of the gdp which is great . 
  however it would be better if the government would reduce corruption and bribes across the public sector . 
  however it seems that they dont want to do this and make the ones who already pay taxes to pay more taxes ( and the ones that avoid paying taxes still do n't pay taxes ), 
  how does this surprise you ? 
  they also have a record of borrowing without regard for future generations, 
  you are more than welcome in greece to come and arrest as many crooks and politicians you like, 
  you are just witnessing the logic of europe . 
  all countries in the schengen area are supposed to send illegal immigrants back to the country where they entered . 
  that 's a stupid rule but we have to bear with it for now . 
  ok we can also forget about cyprus or malta , 
  found this today : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/european_union_can_into_collecting_nobel_peace_prize.png, 
  in the past police has arrested and dissolved several terrorist groups and the same should happen now . 
  last time i remember german newspapers asked us to vote for the same crooks to handle the crisis, 
  the same will apply to them if they do the same that golden dawn is accused for ie murders , beatings , organized crime . 
  it is also important to note that the leaders of golden dawn are accused of organizing all of these crimes, 
  you know what ? 
  the administration is still a joke . 
  but imf does n't relly demand this to change, 
  i 'm amazed why americans still ca n't understand why the world hates them, 
  he met papadopulos , the leader of the junta who was in prison , while he as imprisoned as well, 
  but was n't the new constitution approved by a referendum ? 
  the first thing that came to mind reading that was `` das leben der anderen '', 
  i disagree . 
  we need at least one tv station that does n't show turkish shoap operas and show programs more related to culture, 
  ok . this is ridiculous . 
  please stop spreading fud . 
  ert operated with a surplus, 
  i read that law to see what happens in such cases . 
  it seems that if someone claims or has claimed a domain name that is a trademark of the state , the domain entry can be deleted . 
  however i 'm not sure what will happen since nerit does n't exist yet, 
  the situation in greece as a hole is indeed extreeme but this does n't explain why is it so urgent to shut down a profitable pulbic organization, 
  sorry if i was n't clear enough . 
  what i wanted to say is that the dispute with fyrom does not involve the army and it is handled completely at political level so there are no expenses for arms caused by this dispute . 
  on the other hand the neighborhood problems we have with turkey is completely different, 
  it is supposed to be used only in extreme cases and that was the case until the current government started using it as they like . 
  and the fact that this special case is stated in the constitution means that it is difficult to change . 
  read [ this response ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1g9duz/an_interactive_guide_to_europes_arms_trade_a/cai869t ), 
  the dispute between greece and fyrom ca n't be compared to the relations of greece and turkey . 
  the turkish parliament officially declared that unilateral action by greece to enforce the international law of the sea would constitute a casus belli . 
  more info here about the [ aegean dispute ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aegean_dispute ), 
   i support the rescaling of ert and its staffing with young competent people , hired after a competition ( my partner prays for that in order to get rid of the incompetent ) everyone supports it . 
  the point is whether the government supports this as well , 
  the point is that this law is activated before it is accepted by the parliament, 
  i 'm aware how representative democracies work . 
  this law was activated by using a special case of the constitution that states that the president can sing a law and make it active right away before it is accepted from the parliament and in 40 days the parliament should vote whether it is accepted or not . 
  this means that until the parliament votes for it , the law is active . 
  however the constitution states that this should be used only in special and urgent cases . 
  every time there is a possibility that a law wo n't be accepted by the parliament , the government enables it in this way in order to reduce the political cost ( the people have already forgotten the new measures when they are accepted from the parliament so the chances they get accepted are increased ) . 
  the case here is that the mps of the coalition stated that they wo n't vote it . 
  so you mean that we do n't need the parliament ? 
   before the financial crisis so that means they were intensified while new democracy was governing ( the first party of the current coalition government ), 
  please note how many secretaries and advisors were hired by the same people who now want to fix ert, 
  that 's why we need proper voting processes in the parliament in order for the people to know who agrees with what . 
  its inexcusable for the prime minister to take descisions that bypass the parliament like that all the time . 
  and the two parties of the coalition should stop hiding behind it, 
  not only that , but the 2 other parties of the government coalition does n't agree as well . 
  that means that the prime minister carried out this descision without having the majority, 
  http://nerit.gr/ seems to show the pirate station via ebu as well . 
  so the government announced that they will create nerit to replace ert but someone got the nerit.gr domain first :p edit : forgot to mention that the i in nerit stands for internet, 
   no need to `` try '' , this is rather obvious . 
  the overpaid middle management of ert tries to keep their free income flowing ? 
  the government ca n't get them to lower their income , because the management will use their media power to destroy any politician who dares to affect their personal income . 
  sometimes , shutting down and then build it new is the best way to clean up .
