  the management is appointed by the government and this is exaclty the reason why ert is in this sorry state . 
  the same politicians that used ert to promote their agendas/attack the opposition/hire their voters now come and say : `` this is a mess . 
  we will shut it down and create everything from scratch to stop the corrutpion . '' . 
  and they want us to believe that they wo n't corrupt again the new station, 
  imo there are plenty measures that can help growth in the periphery . 
  first of all a banking union is needed asap . 
  the banks in greece are actually zombies that strugle to work an as a result plenty of healthy businesses are forced to shut down because they do n't have access to loans even though they export their products . 
  another measure would be to seriously tackle corruption in the public sector that is a huge stopper for businesses . 
  and of course europe could give a hand to greece in order to profit from the possible petroleum deposits . 
  instead of these , what the troika only wants here is to lay off public servants in order to reduce the deficit and on the same time sell profitable public enterprises like water supply companies . 
  not to mention the fact that german newspapers demanded the greek people to vote again the two parties that created this shitty situation with the disfuctional and corrupted public sector . 
  our fault is that we allow these kind of conflicts to go on indefinitely by supporting either of the two sides . 
  eg , now that the syrian government seems to have the upper hand in the conflict eu decided to raise the embargo for weapon to the rebels . 
  and as a result more and more syrans will be killed or flee their homes and more and more arms sellers will profit . 
  but , umm wait , this will increase eauropean exports so we should see it in a positive way , right ? 
  and how do you propose to do it ? 
  btw , now that the embargo on the syran rebels is lifted , if greece is flooded with syrian refugees , what should we do ? 
  lets face the truth , the refugees wo n't decrease unless we stop messing in other countries, 
  do you volunteer to host the refugees of this mess in the netherlands ? 
  cause i do not think that any greek will accept to help the innocent people that will flee their country because of your games, 
   the thing you do not understand is that because the exams are so important , that 's what makes the strike effective . 
  when you go on a strike , ** you choose the day that will have the most consequences , as a way to make your point ** . 
  your rationale dictates that everyone would choose to strike in ways that have no consequences at all , but that would only weaken their negotiating position . 
  you are wrong here . 
  it was n't the teachers that chose to go on strike right now but the goveremnt that chose to pass all these measures now to provoke the teachers and make it almost impossible for them to react, 
  let me rephrase : bulgaria has the lowest wages in europe and one of the worst economies in europe, 
  i guess thats why the bulgarian economy is in a good state, 
  yes , but with the way we chose to save the banks , its the banks of the periphery that get nationalised/sold to bigger banks and the banks eg of germany or france avoid any state intervention, 
  i prefer the word skopjans for such cases . 
  it is a shame that you destroyed some very important arguments with your provocative way, 
  if you watched what the parties of southern europe say , you would realise that only minor parties or really populist jouranlists call merkel `` der f\u00fchrer '', 
  i stoped reading your response after the word fyromians, 
  is that a threat ? 
  well said . 
  i tottaly agree with this article . 
  it is very informative and we really need another such a great article to describe how greek people feel for this whole mess, 
  if that was the case , they would have voted yes right away to everything the troika wanted, 
  you mean like that ? 
   within the club the greek-cypriot government has used and abused eu institutions to wage its feud with turkey and to lend support to russia . 
  is it only me or this sounds like cyprus has invaded turkey, 
  some proof would be helpful, 
  and something more : as this is n't ourageous enough some idiots broke in and destroyed everything in the facilites threatening to kill the security gurads : http://english.capital.gr/news.asp?id=1732889, 
  a very important part from the ending of the video : the opposition speculates that the major mr pachtas ( ex minister with pasok , the 2nd party in the goverment coalition and champion in coruption ) made it so easy for the canadian company to get the mine because he was either bribed or wants something in return . 
  the journalist meets the major and asks him directly if it is true and he drives the journalist out . 
  the video claims that when they came in touch with someone from the canadian company they responded that the major wanted them to employ some specific people but they said they could n't do that, 
  they mock you because you are conservative about your ugly language :p, 
  it is the first time someone called me ( or compared me to ) a neonazi . 
  you made my day . 
  here is an upvote, 
  | aesthetically nice i 'd call english an ugly language compared to german, 
  several million of greek people identiy themselves as macedonian as well . 
  can we just ignore that ? 
  that 's minor stuff really . 
  i just found this awsome info [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonian_nationalism#post-independence_period_and_antiquisation )  for example , in 2009 the macedonian radio-television , aired a video named `` macedonian prayer '' in which the christian god was presented calling the people of the republic of macedonia `` the oldest nation on earth '' and `` progenitors of the white race '' , who are described as `` macedonoids '' , in opposition to negroids and mongoloids '', 
  he is 20, 
  i hope we can stop buying germans weapons now, 
  [ here you are ] ( http://www.toxwni.gr/media/k2/items/cache/88431b5dd05b1e90847e42adef0f6769_l.jpg ), 
  it would be more interesting to know what caused the natality rate to drop in germany the latest decades, 
  these links should give some insight : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_soli https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_sanguinis ** tl ; dr : from what i understand , what samaras wants to do is switch back to jus sanguinis which is what all european countries do **, 
  this reminds me [ this monstrosity ] ( http://s.enet.gr/resources/2013-01/23-1--2-thumb-large.jpg ) in the centre of athens, 
  from what i understand , the plan of the troika is to make the the debt sustainable after the following conditions are met : 1 ) yet another haircut this time on the debt held by european states ( that 's what the imf demands ) 2 ) high growth rates of the gdp ( this will begin by mass privatizations ) 3 ) structural reforms that will stop coruption and mismanagement in the public sector that will reduce the expenses and increase the income imo these are very hard conditions and still very optimistic, 
  all these three letter abbreviations are really confusing, 
   i left when i was 16 . 
  got a job that 's very important in order for someone to leave home . 
  when youth unemployment is extremely high , you do n't have many choices, 
  of course . 
  as the article above says , deficits are always the workers ' fault, 
  and guess who is going to pay ( again ) to fill the deficit created by these projects !, 
  i wonder why these politicians ca n't get prosecuted ( both in germany and greece ) for such scandals, 
  get ready to get downvoted without any explanation for telling what most bulgarians and greeks believe ( and imo it is the truth ), 
  then someone forgot to remind that macedonia is an area that spans among three countries but greece spans through one country, 
  no , it 's not just about our ancestors . 
  many of our neighbours claim that the greek part of macedonia is theirs and this is the real issue, 
  [ this ] ( http://elora.gr/portal/images/stories/2008_02/macedonia%20prime%20minister.jpg ) no matter how many times our neighbours assure us that they do n't intend to steal anything from us ( greek teritory , etc. . ) , everytime i see this picture i doubt about their intentions edit : that 's nicola gruevski ( the prime minister of fyrom ) wreath under a map that depics fyrom with its borders a bit extended, 
   athens next week will be 19c where did you find this ? 
  it is 10c right now and it will fall even more next week . 
  and the comparison is plain wrong as athens is among the warmest places in greece . 
  this is the best part of the article  greece 's oil prices are high because of laws that protect the country 's two refining companies and prevent competition , said pavlos eleftheriadis , a lecturer in law at the university of oxford in england , who studies monopolies . 
    `` the greek political system works for the insiders , '' said eleftheriadis , a native of greece . 
  `` if you 're an insider , there will be an attempt to protect you . 
  if you 're a poor person in kastoria , you are on your own . '', 
  i wonder if they intend to treat them in the same way they treat the agia sophia, 
  the flag next to your name makes your answer really ironic, 
  the cuts were n't savvage ? 
  perhaps when unemployment reaches 30 % they will be considered to be savage, 
  of course it would not have happened out of kindness . 
  what i was meaning was that the phrase `` when they allied with nazis and invaded polan '' tells only half of the story . 
  you show it as if ussr and nazi germany were best buddies . 
  time for some fact checking : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/3223834/stalin-planned-to-send-a-million-troops-to-stop-hitler-if-britain-and-france-agreed-pact.html?fb, 
  this was a better gem : underage with a nude picture of himself is in danger to go to jail because where he lives underage people are treated as adults for felonies , so he will be treated as a grown up for committing a felon against his underage self . 
  that would be a suicide . 
  new democracy was founded following the restoration of democracy ( hence the name ) after the military coup ( which was headed by ultra right wing collonels ) . 
  creating a coalition with gd would really question what their party stands for ( right wing and democratic ) . 
  even the newspaper funded by syriza polled the difference to be 0 and 2 % a second time . 
  imo it looks like merkel waited for migrants to reach germany first and then take any actions to improve the situation . 
  because it is very easy to call her a nazi if she asked the police to start border checks beforehand . 
  i only hope that the new rules will be enough to solve the crisis but judging from how the greek crisis is handled i am sure that the response will be too-little and too-late . 
  personally i do n't give a shit . 
  if thousands of people land on an island they and they demand a ticket to mainland when all tickets are booked dont deserve any of our help . 
  we are in a mess and the ability to support those people is extremely low .
