  the evil global markets that want to destroy glorious ______ < - enter country here :p, 
  i do n't think that the myth has to say specifically that zeus raped europa . 
  it 's more like he wanted to have sex with anything with two legs and he always got it his way . 
  according to the news today we saw a huge increase in influx . 
  talking about 8 years old we have n't even seen donald the snowflake yet . 
  claiming that gavdos is disputed is beyond ridiculous . 
  gavdos is closer to libya than it is to turkey . 
  me best is the usual response for the armenian genocide saying that it was something done by the ottoman empire and not turkey and now erdogan ca n't keep his boner for the borders of his heart . 
  i personally do n't have any reason to believe in any attempt to deify ataturk but i have to admit that he is a very interesting historical figure and would n't be surprised if it is indeed true . 
  the fact that he was the only leader of turkey who agreed with greece in a mutual decrease in defense spending is telling . 
  racist europe and welcoming us ? 
  you made my day . 
  exactly this . 
  i do n't like the recent turn toward far right in austria but i am glad they have a harsher tone against turkey . 
  efforts ? 
  what efforts ? 
  greece has to do what schauble 's audience wants otherwise he wo n't be reelected !, 
   do not convince me to change my mind . 
  there is something very wrong about saying europe should be grateful about greece choosing to uphold its financial obligations . 
  it 's like suggesting that greece should be thankful for every day that turkey decides to uphold its international obligation to respect greek territory . 
  the correct way to state the same thing is that inside the first greek bailout package there was a hidden bank stability package . 
  banks were really reckless and they got away with that . 
  the left is really out of solutions . 
  for decades diesel vehicles were banned from athens . 
  back in time it was considered a good choice but diesel is way cleaner than it used to be . 
  so the government decided to lift the ban that was essentially benefiting only greek oligarchs who own refineries in greece . 
  again ? 
  did n't we conclude that the previous ban was more or less pointless ? 
  this should be said more often . 
  many roma here treat their own that try to change their customs or marry someone who is not roma as a traitor . 
  but until it is agreed to be the official name politicians in both countries will use the issue to collect votes postponing any solution :(, 
  you probably have n't seen everything yet : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxj5_4n7qnk try searching for `` tyrnavos bourani '' for more :d this is how the carnival is celebrated in tyrnavos, 
  you ca n't say that schauble was n't trying . 
  yep , brothers in populism and supposedly in anti-establishment . 
  well , i 'm proud we have the greatest increase to all other countries in this chart . 
  and ca n't judges be prosecuted for such crimes ? 
  so there are cases where judges coluded with criminals or something like that and carried out justice in whatever way they liked ? 
  can you elaborate on 2 ? 
  how does it create corruption ? 
  depends on the country . 
  what do you think the reform will cover ? 
  btw , what are the requirements for pis to change the constitution ? 
  i hope i could say that greece is a good place for businesses but german tourists are more than welcome :d, 
  cooperation ? 
  in the balkans ? 
  i think that such projects tend to be carried out by a company that is owned by several entities , public and private doing all the work and raising the investments needed for the project . 
  because afaik they do n't pronounce it with an s but with a k. 
  afaik it does n't work for the cyrillic alphabet . 
  decorating streets with statues has fallen out of fashion in greece since quite a lot of time . 
  this is true for all investments . 
  investors agree to take a cost upfront if they get serious returns . 
  according to the source this was reported by kathimerini . 
  kathimerini is one of the most accurate newspapers in greece and openly in opposition to our current government . 
  cyprus is drilling for oil and turkey is doing military drills nearby . 
  on the same time there is presence of the french navy . 
  here is a pdf with names in greek : http://www.ametro.gr/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/am_sxedio_anaptiksis_may17_gr.pdf, 
  i guess they did . 
  perhaps the reasoning was that the only real enemy of communism was nazism so the british were a lesser threat to communism . 
  cause one state with the name macedonia is not enough . 
  you miss the point about what democracy is . 
  for example , one very important aspect of democracy in ancient athens was that officers of the city were chosen by lot . 
  a fundamental part of democracy is about spreading the power of the state as much as possible . 
  that 's why i think that there is no such thing as true democracy . 
  what is your definition of a real democracy and when was the first real democracy created ? 
  why the downvotes guys ? 
  the american constitution was one of the greatest achievements in the history of democracy . 
  what if the current royals just want to abolish the monarchy altogether after the death of the queen ? 
  this is the uniform of our presidential guard . 
  aka greece without the mountains and the uncountable islands, 
  meh , any of these two sound fine . 
  let 's solve this mess already . 
   what have modern macedonians in common with greeks ? 
  stupid balkan nationalism of course !, 
  that 's what we definitely have in common . 
  oh wow that 's the same famous guy from these videos : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppfn8hn1zde https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_iqvvngzxo, 
   chetyre which means four like tettara in ancient greek or tessera in modern greek . 
  wow i was n't expecting such a detailed view on greek islands . 
  i now want erdogan to do something stupid like banning raki or really limiting its availability so we can claim it as our national drink . 
  from a latin word to a greek word < 3 . 
  we have to define together where our eez ends and where their eez starts . 
  is n't that enough for us to call them neighbors ? 
  egypt and libya is n't that far that you think . 
  the eez of greece borders with the ones of libya and egypt and unless they recognize it as well , greece can hardly use these areas for economic activity . 
  turkey got itself in this position . 
  none of this would have happened if turkey did n't try to destabilize assad 's rule by supporting several groups of militias who could barely coordinate with each other . 
  meanwhile turkey was happy to provide transit for isis terrorists between greece and syria . 
  only when they started hitting turkey as well they realized the mess they created . 
  right now only the kurds and assad can eliminate isis and turkey does n't want either of them to have power . 
  are you sure this is a problem right now ? 
  i mean , the syrian army can already shoot them down whenever they like anyway as long as they are over syria . 
  yeah they are also supposed to be military allies with greece as well ... 
  i totally agree . 
  the operations to eliminate isis does make sense to be based on a country that is interested in eliminating isis . 
  that 's not unheard of . 
  turkey used to have a sizeable greek minority that does n't exist any more . 
  and not all of them had greek surnames . 
  and he does n't disclose that his vision would greatly help geopolitically the nation of that foreign ambassador ... 
  i was thinking about that . 
  if obama had another term it would be okayish . 
  however the best interest of the orange cheeto is to give the uk a take-it-or-leave-it deal and then pretend he is george washington 2.0 who made the uk the underling of the us .
