  and what are we supposed to do with them when turkey does n't accept them back despite the fact that we have such an agreement for more than a decade ? 
  i seriously think that the only party that would gladly help us with turkish aggression is russia . 
  lol , a few weeks ago the airplane of our prime minister was denied to land in rodos from turkey with the pretext that it is a military airplane and according to the agreements with turkey military presence in the islands is limited . 
  in the same time turkey keeps pouring immigrants to the greek islands and on the same time the dispute the very ownership of some of these islands . 
  thank you very much for the solidarity . 
  pressing turkey to enact the agreement between greece and turkey to accept back immigrants that exists for more than 10 years and despite it turkey insist not to accept them . 
  what we do instead is that we beg them not to allow illegal immigrants to come to greece . 
  note that these islands are in an area where turkey disputes that some of them belong to greece , the airspace is disputed by turkey and turkey also has a casus beli against greece if greece applies the law of the sea treaty of the united nations . 
  did i mention that it is believed that there is oil in the said region ? 
  thank you very much for the solidarity . 
  it is really welcome . 
   any way out is going to hurt one way or the other . 
  so let 's hurt only greece , right ? 
  loooooooool , welcome to the club finland . 
  greek people believe the same for turkey for at least a decade . 
  so far this union was only for individual members advancing their objectives . 
  a change is more than welcome actually . 
   your conflict with turkey does n't interest us much and both of you are irredentist dicks as far as anybody else is concerned greek people do n't care about russian aggression either . 
  they are not close to us after all . 
  why should we care ? 
  the article does n't mention that it is suspected that there is oil in the area of the disputed islands . 
   greece did n't fuck up it indeed did . 
  and so did the commission and the ecb and they all allowed the situation to reach this point . 
  as a left winger i am really angry with the rest of the leftists and this madness . 
  they make a very bad name for the left and it is obvious that in the years to come sweden will get more conservative because of these lunatics . 
  what 's frightening to me is how easy it is these days to use men with mediterranean appearance as scapegoats :(, 
  is n't it their responsibility as well when terrorists go in and out of schengen unhindered ? 
  imo letting terrorists come and go is a form of aggression . 
  and this is why we suck . 
  the european fucking union has to negotiate such stuff with turkey . 
  this is when the sum of the gdp of all eu countries is the greatest in the world and all the armies of the countries of the eu sum to a huge army . 
  and yet we have to ask turkey to cooperate for our own internal stability and safety . 
  hint : not only the relationships are bad , it is suspected that right at the sea border between greece and turkey there is oil . 
  thanks for clarification . 
  this really needs to be upvoted . 
  i think most of the misunderstanding comes from speculation whether aedes albopictus which already exists in southern europe can spread the zika virus . 
   i already removed greece from possible vacation spots . 
  huh ? 
  thank you for you help :p you should keep in mind that there are lots of places where you can still spend your holidays in greece without any inconvenience . 
  this is n't feasible as well : consider that it is more costly to host a big city in an island because you 'll have to pay ships . 
  also we would need a considerable budget which would include maintaining infrastructure like electricity and water supply . 
  all this is way more expensive to build and maintain in an island instead of the mainland . 
  to be fair merkel seems to be the last one to ask greece to host all these people . 
  why not make economy of scale for the whole europe ? 
  and some politicians in europe ask greece to build a city of migrants in athens to host 300,000 migrants . 
  so increase the population of our capital by 10 % with migrants ... 
  if this would be a standalone city it would be the third largest city in greece . 
   greeks do n't want to do n't want what ? 
  guard our borders ? 
  http://www.euronews.com/2015/08/25/greece-routinely-pushes-back-immigrant-boats-out-to-sea-says-amnesty/  but , according to amnesty international , this is a practice that has been happening on a regular basis over the past three years . 
  that would mean that we invade turkey to dump them on the coast where they left from . 
  greece already has an agreement with turkey so as they receive the immigrants that cross the eagean . 
  however even though we have asked them to accept hundreds of thousands back they have accept a tiny proportion of them . 
  what the hell are we supposed to do ? 
  the thing is that people should also have the same sense of unity . 
  it does n't only need a great leader to take descisions . 
  he also has to make the people see his vision and follow him applying the reforms to their fullest . 
  do n't worry . 
  enosis is never going to happen . 
  you probably have n't heard greek people bitching about greek cypriots and how they stand out among greeks . 
  i saw such a conversation yesterday . 
  today i was in a bus ( in athens ) and happened to be next to a few greek cypriots . 
  i barely understood what they were saying :p, 
   i believe that there is still strong thoughts of enosis til that this is still a thing, 
   where a child can deserve to grow up with a father and dare i say mother ? 
  i 'm with you on this . 
  let 's find a way to reduce orphanages as much as possible . 
  sure and this is the reason big corporations tend to prefer to invest in countries with democratic and stable political systems . 
  because in most of these countries their contracts wo n't be canceled for such reasons . 
   bully of the block look who 's talking . 
  this is an absurd argumment . 
  if we start ignoring war crimes , russia will do the same and this is the last thing we want . 
   that will teach them lesson . 
  and start a world war . 
  i understand that you ~ ~ do n't like ~ ~ hate russia and i totally agree that what russia is doing in ukraine is despicable . 
  however i would like to point that picking sides here is quite dangerous . 
  what turkey is doing in nothern syria is almost the same with what russia is doing in eastern ukraine . 
  [ grey wolves are allegedly participating in the `` moderate opposition '' against assad . ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3u7cl6/turkey_has_spent_years_allowing_jihadist_groups/cxconr4 ) . 
  just look up what grey wolves are . 
  the only reason we call these guys moderate is that they are not isis . 
  it does n't make them automatically saints . 
  of course i am preoccupied against turkey and the reason is the events in cyprus , which also has surprisingly many similarities with the annexation of crimea . 
  keep in mind that russia may end up justifying its intervention in ukraine just because the west supports the `` moderate '' opposition !, 
  do you realise that this is exactly what russia is doing in ukraine ? 
  both of these interventions are despicable . 
  the fact that the usa support the ` moderate opposition ' is really stupid . 
   grey wolves member hahahahaha so much about the ` moderate opposition ' . 
  it is a disgrace for the us to support these guys . 
  i do n't understand your comment . 
  why would russia kill villagers at that region ? 
  to exterminate the opposition ? 
   on the road to atheism how many people in turkey are also `` on the road to atheism '' ? 
  this is really interesting . 
  why does turkey care so much about what happens outside its borders ? 
  i really agree : https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/05athens1505_a.html#efmaliaod, 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  and why do you use quotes . 
  i did n't say that . 
  what i said is that `` it is in the interest of turkey to worsen the relations between nato and russia '' . 
  that 's all .
