  people who come here must expect a shity treatment because we barely help our own people . 
  does n't it imply that they will be hosted in centers with food provided ? 
  who cares about the greeks ? 
  we are lazy ; we do n't count . 
  fun fact : during august all tickets to athens were booked because the island was full of tourists . 
  as a result these migrants got there but could n't leave and demanded a way to leave . 
  and what did they expect ? 
  to open any home and hotel that exists to house them ? 
  where do they think that we can host thousands of people ? 
  pretty insightful . 
  posts like this is the reason i love / r/europe despite the fact that people can start a flamewar at any moment . 
   a heavy burden on greece , but financial aid from europe will lessen it a lot . 
  that 's insane . 
  you ca n't expect us to support hundreds of thousands of immigrants while we process their asyum application . 
  if this happens i am afraid it will really boost golden dawn to power . 
  ( and if that happen sinking boats will be their answer ) . 
  i wonder how germans see the waiver of the eastern territories ? 
  i also wonder if it was about giving up those territories or just adjusting borders to reflect more the nationality of the people in these regions ? 
  was also a way to finally complete the unification and give an end to the legacy of wwii ? 
   nationalistic bullshit can you elaborate why this is more about nationalistic bullshit and not some brief presentation of historical facts ? 
   suspend dublin ii about fucking time . 
  our spineless politicians were promising to push for a change in dublim ii the last 10 or 15 years but did nothing actually . 
  now that the problem is reachin more countries we can wish for some change . 
  looks like a shitty political way out of the problem actually . 
  it was weird that merkel chose to accept so many people being from a conservativee party . 
  she did n't want to be accused of being racists so she decided to first let the situation get out of hand and afterwards act . 
   not purely about the economy its not even about the economy . 
  it is a monetary union . 
  not really . 
  it was the first time i noticed them on the map :p, 
  til estonia has a few islands . 
   but most importantly , without being in a federation , i ca n't vote merkel ( or whatever other politician ) out of office even though her political will and current control of the eu imposes shit on me . 
  that is not cool . 
  you can very well tell others to avoid voting for epp . 
  the leader of epp in the european parliament was in line with merkel on this . 
  one of the ways to reduce the power merkel has , would be to make epp weaker . 
  i am all for it but a key manager of siemens greece fled to germany and germany denies our request to testify against our politicians . 
  also the fact that the governments before syriza did n't want these officials to be convicted because they were people from the same parties . 
  nope , back then the lazy greeks were learning their lesson . 
  reminder : two world wars started in europe . 
  we are capable of the worst . 
  merkel does n't need a puppet in the comission in order to push for german interests . 
  she is strong enough to do that alone . 
  sounds familiar . 
  just do a research and see what they learn at their schools . 
  yeah , more like portugal changing its name to castile . 
  i hope they question the current economic dogma without burning everything to their ground . 
  he is refering to the policy that says that everyone can succeed being an economy with exports much higher than imports . 
  so far the main argument was that germany does n't have a surplus against other eurozone members but has higher exports for countries out of the eurozone . 
  this however leaves germany susceptible to instabilities in the chinese economy . 
  as if schengen is the problem . 
  the only way for a state to get away with getting immigrants is not getting out of schengen but buiding walls to surround its teritory . 
  do you think that this will improve the situation with the immigrants at the chunnel ? 
  i remember what a muslim guy told me that the quran has a hole part of it dedicated on how muslims are supposed to practice their religion in non muslim societies saying that it is essentialy a light form of islam . 
  i wonder how much of this is true , how homohenous islam is and how much these people have studied this if it is true . 
  right , neighter does the greek state support immigrants to leave the country , we just show the direction to germany . 
  yep , neo-nazis hate everyone so they do n't like cooperating with anyone . 
  but ukraine has started a route becoming closer to western europe and they have to accept that . 
   i think the situation got worse after merkel statement was released : every syrian refugee is welcome i doubt that . 
  we have been seeing the flow of people to increase last months . 
  around august when the weather was really good , it got worse as people were able to come in way larger numbers crossing the aegean . 
  you are just seeing the increase of flow that startes months ago ( and you will see it increasing till winter comes ) . 
  not really , it is just that the flow of people is reaching central europe and now the issue takes more publicity . 
   just too much for the system to take finally some sanity . 
  wanting to give some help is n't enough , you need the infrastructure to do it . 
  for small numbers it is fine but for larger numbers it is just impossible . 
  it 's funny how these neo nazis on the same time do n't want to be influenced by russia but do the same things russia do . 
  if they really think that they can get closer to western europe they need to have more western european values . 
  to spread propaganda you must pretend to be an idiot . 
  i expect to see the people comminh through the aegean to fall during the winter as the windter can get really bad . 
  yeah winder is coming : https://youtu.be/yka8qbc-2ms?t=59, 
  reminds me our politicians that want to return to our own currency . 
  so many people want their country to do things that are beyond their own powers . 
  just like they want to have a national currency that wo n't be devaluated like hell , some people there want to take control of some areas where they have de facto lost control of . 
   realizes there 's something referred to as lagarde list trust me , they realized it right from the beginning . 
  the reason an ex minister of economics hid the only copy for some time shows how well they realise the implications of investigating it . 
  yes , if op is talking about this one then the title is inaccurate : https://uk.news.yahoo.com/massive-ancient-greek-city-discovered-104005218.html#zv5jnjt you ca n't see any mention of the ship in the article either . 
  the article says that `` was the size of around 10 football fields , covering an area of 12 acres . '' . 
  the pictures are indeed not much clear . 
  i 'll try to find some mention online but i 'm not sure it can be found . 
  i got the information from the archeologist that was working on the site . 
  what she said is that one day the people who worked on the ship were taking a break in a nearby beach and after taking a look at the sea floor they realized that what was there looked like ruins of an ancient city ( that was never documented ) . 
  the ship was indeed searching for a city but not exactly this one . 
  imo it is practical if you want to search the sea floor, 
  he is refering to this one : https://uk.news.yahoo.com/massive-ancient-greek-city-discovered-104005218.html#zv5jnjt, 
  this ship was indeed searching for an underwater city in the area but it was not found by it actually :p, 
  just for the record , according to the news here the boat that located the smugglers was operating under frontex . 
  let 's put the line at white christians . 
  if we say that we accept only white and christians everyone will be happy , right ? 
  how much time does it take right now for an asylum application to be processed in germany ? 
  you forgot a few words : `` please send more syrian refugees , we will send them back ourselves '', 
  you realise that what germany did is that they will merely process all these asylum applications and have the responsibility to send them back in case their application is rejected ? 
  this is n't really saying that they will accept all refugees no matter what . 
  remember that it was the german cancelor who had the guts to say to a little girl that she is not eligible to asylum and made her break in tears . 
   uhmm ... not only this sub , but it seems europe as a whole is transforming into a news about immigration . 
  it 's a weird sensation , knowing , that this is going to get worse and worse and worse . 
  and i 'm not exaggerating that my fears is that we will have some semi-hitler to deal with in 10 years . 
  the situation is really chaotic and it challenges the values we have int europe after the end of wwii . 
  there is a huge stream of people from turkey towards central europe . 
  it always existed but now it is huge .
