  it 's more like that his party will rebel if imf walks away from the program so he will just say whatever the imf likes to hear till the elections are over . 
  if you google for the title you will see that reuters did have this title and it is still up in another domain with the same title in another domain : http://in.reuters.com/article/mideast-crisis-syria-juncker-idinb5n1gq00c, 
  whataboutism at its best, 
  the main reason that greeks find it difficult to accept this is that agreeing on the name ca n't be changed afterwards whereas it is always possible that a nationalist idiot gets elected and starts the populist crap and in a couple decades you can have a new generation of people claiming that we took their land . 
  it is really weird . 
  and if you notice , 3 of the 10 extremes are around athens with north and south athens having more women than men and the areas just outside athens in its east , has more men than women . 
  so you claim selanik under what claims exactly ? 
  til cities are also disputed ... 
  yeah , i really do n't like what is going on in russia but i always try to understand which side the source of information i read leans . 
  so for example i would imagine that liveumap would be more likely to protests even if a handfull of people are protesting . 
  likewise i always try to remember that the independent is owned by russians when i read an article from them . 
  imo they tend to be slow to incorporate bad news for the militants and overly fast to incorporate good news for them . 
  you do n't want to wake the dragon, 
  gorilla war stuff . 
  really . 
  and he was nearly sentenced to death in greece . 
  i think they already crossed the line when they started disputing the territorial integrity of one of their allies . 
  the problem is , what happens if these donors create such an elaborate system which could release scandals like mad for the people they do n't want to get elected and during the campaigning period they release details about scandals or supposedly scandals every week ? 
  good , they want the right to use the euro . 
  were they asked to bear the responsibilities ? 
  so big brands bring a penalty but a number of arsoned cars per month does n't ? 
  what 's the definition of cool and how the hell is exarchia in the list ? 
  in these elections tsipras scraped the program of his party and asked the people to vote for him to implement the agreement . 
  it was actually the first government to be voted to apply such an agreement . 
   ethnocentric nationalism ethnocentric nationalism is all the rage lately . 
  it is exactly was keeps the eu from becoming a closer union and one of the reasons that got trump elected . 
  if she wants to advance the interests of all member states then why not ? 
  mph is the nationalist party , right ? 
  that means that the party leadership is for the reform but their supporters are not ? 
  i guess most people who replied like that had migrants from other balkan countries . 
  so albanians and bulgarians who were not born in greece are less greek than albanians and bulgarians who were born here . 
  the difference is that we are used to it and know how to protect ourselves . 
  we stay right in the safe limit of sun exposure so we can manage to get tanned and avoid any sunburn . 
  it really depends on how much time you get exposed to the sun and what hour of the day . 
  at noon in the hottest days you should avoid exposure for more than 30 minutes without sunscreen . 
  fyi , there is no way you sound like a german ... 
  you do n't make sense . 
  how is mexico relevant here ? 
  european media do n't give a shit about who is going to pay for the stupid wall . 
  you mean lent ? 
  there are many way one can give money to someone else . 
  i can go in a bank with a gun and ask for their money or go and ask for a loan . 
  give does n't mean give out . 
   greek debts til we have a transfer union . 
  keep in mind that salamis hosts the largest naval base in greece . 
  it could have been near there . 
  and a couple of days after the ruling , the film amistad was on the tv here . 
  i never saw this film before or knew the story but it was no coincidence to remind us this story from 1839 . 
  so they are social and nationalists ? 
  yeah i also do n't agree that the case of \u00d6calan was similar with the case of the eight soldiers . 
  greece had domestic terrorism in the past and the terrorists were caught and sent to jail . 
  we also had a military coup , and after the restoration of democracy we sent the perpetrators of the coup to jail as well . 
  it is possible that the official resolution takes some days to be published . 
  courts in greece work in extremely slow pace and it is typical after a trial to wait some time for the official result . 
  the judiciary is n't really political in greece . 
  the resolutions you are talking about were just about applying the existing laws and the constitution . 
  in this case they also did what the law and international treaties say . 
  in what language ? 
  what i 'm trying to say is n't that agriculture becomes more efficient but that agriculture in general is barely profitable . 
  so if in a country less people work in agriculture and work in more profitable sectors it is a net gain . 
  this is n't bad at all . 
  it is progress and means that a greater part of the population works on parts of economy with greater ability to produce wealth . 
  they do n't want outer eu borders ? 
  and this is the greek-turkish border ( the only part that is not sea or river ) : http://www.iefimerida.gr/sites/default/files/styles/708x320/public/evros708.jpg?itok=u3ynbkqi, 
  this wo n't do any good . 
  just look at russia . 
  for every problem they have it is other countries to blame . 
  the same happened here in greece with our stupid referendum . 
  we imposed capital controls to avoid a full collapse and put the blame on the rest of the eu . 
  he knows that some crazy people in italy think that they can just walk away of the eurozone . 
  and i highly suspect that these people are fueled by russian propaganda, 
  depends what such a chancellor would stand for . 
  if it would be exterminating minorities he will get will get hell . 
  if it is a willing to be the most powerful man in the free world that is a completely different subject . 
  you did nothing to say what was wrong in exactly what he said . 
  it is still a valid argument . 
  sure but i 'm not really sure your government wants the same . 
  i still remember when they said that they are ready to fight their allies for their freedom or something like that . 
  do n't worry , measures to correct it already have effect and soon our population will start reducing . 
  nervous about the bunga bunga of the god emperor ? 
  sometimes i think that spanish has the closest pronunciation to greek and this really makes sense . 
  we really use too few phonemes . 
  if this number for greek is correct , it means we have more letters than phonemes . 
  i disagree . 
  initially the thought of using ssds sounded crazy as it was unknown how much one could last without dying after lots of read write cycles . 
  till then a lots of tricks were found to alleviate the problem but still there are applications that can cause harm like the recent news about spotify frying ssds . 
  if the same logic applied to ssds we would never have ssds of hundreds of gigabytes . 
  it feels as if even topics about solar trigger brigading nowadays . 
  jesus , cancer is spreading in / r/europe, 
  because we need to see the results of trucks going over it first . 
  as if terrorists do research to see where you export weapons . 
  the attack in berlin is the perfect example that shows that they do n't attack someone based on what he has done . 
  come on , everyone on earth knows that germany does n't have any important military power , or that it uses it or it intends to do it . 
  let 's accept that some terrorists are just nuts and want to terrorize people . 
  this is not an attack to germany . 
  it is an attack to europe and the west . 
  nonsense . 
  no country in the eu needs a moral authority and each one has its own history and interests and in the end each government will need to answer to its own people . 
  poland wtf ? 
  i thought you had made up your mind about single party systems .
