   shooting the russian warplane could be both justified you missed these words . 
  there is no conspiracy . 
  all is done in public . 
  it is in the interest of turkey to worsen the relations between nato and russia . 
  shooting the russian warplane could be both justified but could also be called an overreaction . 
  wow the downvotes . 
  it is the first time i 'm called a troll and i am honored . 
  too bad people ca n't distinguish trolls any more . 
  my comment just repeated what i read in a greek opinion article from tasos teloglou . 
  he just said that it is in interest of greece when russia and the west are closer because nato depends less on turkey 's strategic position . 
  today 's events are bad for greece as it can worsen the relations of turkey and nato . 
  and you responded for real right after russia got much closer to the west ? 
  russia has the right to do so as the syrian government agrees . 
  what happens in syria does n't concern you . 
  does turkey have the right to protect turkmen in syria no matter what ? 
  russia has the right to bomb what it likes as long as it is in syria . 
  right . 
  apparently we would need to build something like a sea wall to stop all the corpses reaching our shores : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7p-incpkjq0 http://tvxs.gr/news/ellada/etsi-ksekinoyn-taksidi-toys-apo-tin-toyrkia-oi-prosfyges-fotografies-ntokoymenta, 
  exactly . 
  right here : http://tvxs.gr/news/ellada/etsi-ksekinoyn-taksidi-toys-apo-tin-toyrkia-oi-prosfyges-fotografies-ntokoymenta, 
  was n't this just speculation ? 
   solidarity please not this word again , we are supposed to be serious with our defence . 
  and we are supposed to keen our sea borders in control ? 
  just beware of turks who escort the ~ ~ terrorists ~ ~ immigrants . 
  http://tvxs.gr/news/ellada/etsi-ksekinoyn-taksidi-toys-apo-tin-toyrkia-oi-prosfyges-fotografies-ntokoymenta https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7p-incpkjq0, 
  do you volunteer to build a fence at the seafloor ? 
  oh wow , some people are starting to come to their senses and see reality . 
  i guess erdogan only cared about showing merkel his palace and not this : http://tvxs.gr/news/ellada/etsi-ksekinoyn-taksidi-toys-apo-tin-toyrkia-oi-prosfyges-fotografies-ntokoymenta scroll down to see all the pictures . 
  unfortunately i ca n't link the original source because it looks like i ca n't link facebook . 
  people should realise that this is an eu border . 
   an alternative hypothesis : turkey wants to be a part of europe but is becoming like its other neighbors . 
  turkey is much more complex than that . 
  the wester part is way more progressive than the eastern parts of the country . 
  still i doubt they want to be part of europe . 
  framing erdogan as someone who caused a regression in democracy in turkey is misleading as well . 
  democracy is as stable as it always were and turkey is always in a identity crisis though it does n't undermine the stability of the country . 
  before erdogan the military had great control of the politicians and when this was n't the case a coup could happen every now and then . 
  it 's only reddit that gets to know the sultan and thinks that he is a terrible development . 
  what good would it make if we allow turkish coast guard enter greek territory ? 
  at the seafloor, 
  finally some really well though proposals . 
  so mostly epp ? 
  what about pes ? 
  til that al-qaeda is a threat to isis . 
  right but when you have multiple enemies you are in a good position when they also fight with each other like ypg and isis , no ? 
  an what do you expect turkey to do ? 
  the most logical reaction will be that they will push them back as well . 
  the same shit happens right now in the balkans with immigrants going here and there . 
  you mean something like this which if true is against the rules of the european union ? 
  does australia have neighbor states that are literally 10 minutes away using a boat ? 
  can i go in their place ? 
   greece and turkey are both in nato , russia is not ... 
  so it is fine having huge expenses due to the fact that our `` ally '' does the same thing russia does to an non-allied country ? 
   if turkey builds a fence then those people in syria may actually get slaughtered did n't turkey already do this when a kurdish city was sieged by is ? 
  thanks obama . 
   far better in new york it must be a joke as the only lender of greece that you can find in new york is the imf . 
  because they are close to russia and nato ca n't afford losing such an ally . 
  back in the cold war turkey was the most suitable place for nato 's nukes . 
  the thread is about news . 
  not about 2 month old videos . 
  so true :d we also call the netherlands as olandia . 
  general election have nothing to do with the independence issue . 
  sorry pal , we are part of the free world . 
  and countering propaganda is the right thing to do . 
  the usa took the responsibility to protect these countries when they accepted them into nato . 
  if your word is worth nothing then noone will trust you on anything . 
  one year the usa will say one thing and the other year they will say the other . 
  you should also realise how bad the election of trump is to the way the whole world looks at you . 
  everyone just lost any respect for the usa except for far right and neonazi parties . 
  a chinese newspaper wrote that this is what happens when you have democracy . 
  everyone is making fun of you . 
  you get it wrong . 
  an eu with looser dependency on the us would more likely lead to the us being as foreign to us as russia . 
  that is , as long as you do n't threaten our members of course . 
  yeah , like the brexit vote would have made people aware of the madness that is spreading like wildfire . 
  afaik it only makes it worse . 
  people who are on the brink of going nuts say : `` see , the americans dared to do the right thing '', 
  lets get real here . 
  you would find it a joke iff someone told you 10 years ago that soon a person will be elected after saying that the us may not protect some nato members . 
   stored classified diplomatic information on his own servers why is this still a thing ? 
  i mean , did she profit from it or was it just a stupid decision ? 
  i wonder what really close allies the usa have besides eu ? 
  saudi arabia ? 
  so what ? 
  imo europe is overpopulated . 
  oh the irony , how suitable . 
  first they came for the socialists , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a socialist . 
  then they came for the trade unionists , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a trade unionist . 
  then they came for the jews , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a jew . 
  then they came for me -- and there was no one left to speak for me . 
  but in the case of turkey it goes like , first the greeks , then the armenians , then the comunists , then then the kurds , then the secularists . 
  like , their own state ? 
   minorities in turkey the ones that still exist ... 
  now , where are the people who talked about erdogan trying to appeal to his voters or that it is only northern iraq or syria that are in his `` heart 's '' borders ? 
  for greeks like me who do n't like the taste is exactly the opposite . 
  you are macho if you can drink it and you drink raki if you want to enjoy it . 
  not all greeks prefer ouzo to raki :d, 
  it still looks as a way to justify these houses . 
  why is his comment relevant in any way in this issue ? 
  well , edi rama could have just said this .
