  i think it was the absurd way with which he tried to justify the demolishing of the houses that is weird . 
  he justified the reaction of our foreign ministry instead of ignoring it . 
  turkey is also provoking for decades by disputing the ownership of several isles . 
  they do plan far ahead . 
  ah its relieving to see that avramopoulos is good enough after all :d, 
  turkey has for decades now a casus beli against greece which means that they are prepared for possible war as well . 
  it goes without saying that we do the same of course . 
  like ataturk or not , his legacy left a stable country and stable borders . 
  trying to convince the people that what ataturk did was wrong means that the whole region can get destabilised . 
  why on earth did erdogan appoint an imam for the hagia sofia last month ? 
  this is direct provocation . 
  it 's worth mentioning that maps that show the borders `` of his heart '' , there is no armenia . 
  yes , you get used to it after some time . 
  the fun part is that you realize that you are indeed reading when the translated subtitle is wrong at some point and you think that it should have been translated in a different way . 
  however i once felt how it is like when i tried to watch a german movie with english subtitles . 
  knowing little german and quite good english made listeing to german and reading english exhausting . 
  our nationalist narrative states that germans initially did n't intend to invade greece but after italy 's failure they had to invade and save face leading to a few months delay of the invasion of the soviet union which ended with them invading right during the middle of the winter . 
  keep in mind that i am not 100 % sure this is true . 
  if they ca n't understand that hot water can be harmful then they deserve to be placed in a mental instituion . 
  i bet my cat can understand fine that boiling water is harmful . 
  can we please stop the mental gymnastics here ? 
  we need to stop this stupidity that we ca n't punish someone if he is younger than 18 years old . 
  i 'm not saying that being underage should n't matter , their penalties should surely be lighter but almost no penalty is madness . 
  especially underage people need to learn what limits are and respect them . 
  no punishment means that you can do whatever you like . 
  the best thing for a 16 year old is limits . 
  the best way to mess 16 years old is putting no limits . 
  i am no expert in economics so correct me if the data i paste are not right but if i remember correctly , the argument what that in absolute terms the gdp kept getting smaller : http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=nama_10_gdp&amp;lang=en, 
  was n't it the case that the gdp got smaller but the deflation was even greater ? 
  regarding the promises about cracking down on tax evasion all governments as far as i can remember were promising to do the same and fail spectacularly . 
  why do you think this is the case ? 
  is it that before the elections it was hard to measure how hard would it be to stop tax evasion ? 
  did they know that it was hard and promised it anyway ? 
  when unemployment is really high there is no room to negotiate work hours , who knew ? 
  this reminds me athens 2004 and the whole lot of money that was spent back then :( the only difference seems to be that they managed to inflate the bill even more by building really nice stuff compared to the kitsch hell that skopje 2014 looks like . 
  in both cases people close to the ruling party got richer . 
  if you read the article you may notice that risk of poverty or social exclusion in greece and romania is almost the same . 
  its more fair to say that they bailed out both reckless greece and its reckless creditors . 
   the standard definition of marriage which allows for a family to raise children ? 
  so marriage without the prospect of having children makes no sense ? 
  population of greeks in turkey was reduced from over 100.000 to a few thousands by taunting alone . 
  they persecuted the greek minority to extinction in turkey . 
  if this is not an aggression to you then you are just trolling . 
  it 's not like turkey likes hiding . 
  they like to outright dispute our borders . 
  afaik the german public sector owns a large part of db , so even in the case of a bail in , the state would have to carry a lot of this weight , no ? 
  then why were the current rules decided ? 
  the current rules say that if a bank has problems it should be bailed in . 
  greece does n't share any land borders with other schengen countries but it is extremely relevant for us regarding tourism from the rest of the eu . 
  same applies to any economic activity . 
  it 's not a member of the schengen area . 
  cdu is a right wing party but not far right neither ( that much ) populist . 
  syrian government forces are besieged for years in the middle of the desert by isis and after this stupid bombing , isis made some gains . 
  its not a random city , about 100 soldiers were killed in a city guarded by 3000 soldiers . 
  isis could only dream about inflicting such great damage to the regime and hence russia is furious . 
  it is a matter of pride to reverse even partly the turkish invasion and restore peace . 
  even today turkey has military forces in the island and people who owned land in the north and had to flee to the south still live . 
  actually how these people will get compensated is the most thorny issue . 
  other than that the current situation makes the oil reserves that cyprus has , almost impossible to be drilled and used , a normalization of relations between south and north , and generally cyprus with turkey will make it easier . 
  also i think cyprus ca n't become a full eu member until the issue is resolved . 
  so actually a lot of things are on hold until a solution is found . 
  and almost all comments in this thread are about syria , not africa :p, 
  teachers in greece smoke in toilets . 
   a statement said : `` whilst at london city airport a small elite is able to fly , in 2016 alone 3,176 migrants are known to have died or gone missing in the mediterranean . 
   `` in britain , 28 % of black people are more likely to be exposed to air pollution ... being in closest proximity to the industries causing climate change . '', 
  so their problems are air pollution and people dying in the other side of the continent ... 
  the government decided to collect some money in a shadey way by artificially limiting the number of nation wide tv broadcasters and as a result after they auctioned the 4 permits the price of the permits soared . 
  several nation wide tv stations will have to stop nation wide broadcasting while two businessmen without a tv station got a permit . 
   birth control would have saved more lives than having millions die of starvation due to being ~ ~ ` pro life ' ~ ~ pro birth, 
  they are already witnessing austria going far-right . 
  i hate to admit but i like them acting ballsy in foreign policy . 
  try border protection in a sea with disputed islands . 
  some months ago the situation got really heated when some migrants ended up in a disputed isle and coastguard from both countries reached it . 
  the only reason escalation was avoided was that the migrants reached the greek coastguard themselves and left the isle . 
  so my question is : what is the stance of the rest of the eu members if something like that happens again ? 
  do they support greek sovereignty in disputed isles ? 
  and what would eu do if turkey wants to escalate such an incident ? 
  where would the eu put the border protection ? 
  in the borders turkey recognizes or in the borders greece recognizes ? 
  of course , after all both gluttony and homosexuality are sins and should be punished according to a lot of people . 
  but making laws according to these believes is something else . 
  also notice this paragraph : `` and , for people whose bmi is 30 or more -- who are defined as obese -- such treatment will be put back a year `` or until 10 % of weight loss is achieved , whichever is the sooner '' . '', 
  do you realise that this 10 % thing gives incentive for crash diets ? 
  and gay men are highly more likely to get hiv compare to straight men . 
  that means that gay hiv patients should n't be accepted due to their dangerous lifestyle ? 
   anyone who is fat can lose weight and anyone who smokes can quit . 
  til it is so easy to lose weight . 
  true , if he had agreed for this gas pipeline from saudi arabia to turkey there is no way this war would have started . 
  heh i once woke up to a quite strong earthquake but was n't bothered to get out of bed despite i felt the whole building shaking . 
  a few hours later that i got up i realized that its magnitude was 6,5 r ( but really deep ) . 
  that would mean a prolonged presence of turkish forces in syria if you consider the success of the rebels against isis around marea . 
  there is no way refugees will stay there if the war keeps on with rebels fighting sdf . 
  yeah , but no ethnic cleansing will take place . 
  but how till they take manbij without a full blown invasion ? 
  and if they take it who will keep it afterwards ? 
  you mean they are not your preferred neighbor ? 
   the gateway to europe was open . 
  now we have a turnaround . 
  the limits are tight and prices of tractors increased by rapidly . 
  illegal migration is less attractive .
