  interesting . 
  are n't such tactics dangerous though ? 
  he has been living a fat lifestyle because he started teaching economics in england since he was 24 . 
  he also has a very rich father who is the chairman of the biggest still producer industriy in greece . 
  this needs more attention . 
  albaniana should realize that we are in the 21st century now . 
  it is unacceptable for a nation that wants to become part of the european union to be so nationalistic . 
  some days ago the prime minister of albania said that albania and kosovo should unite . 
  now this . 
  what he is saying is that stalin did n't really like hitler . 
  not that all stalin did was good . 
  he was the first who wanted to stop hitler but britain and france did n't respond to the call to create an alliance against him . 
  there is also a fact that 90 % + of the people do n't rememeber in the west : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/3223834/stalin-planned-to-send-a-million-troops-to-stop-hitler-if-britain-and-france-agreed-pact.html?fb, 
  right sir , that was a typo . 
  i meant navy of any european state . 
  of course not . 
  greece was bailed out as well . 
  what i was pointing out is the fact that the taxpayers of the eurozone also bailed out the german and french banks . 
  also , the way the crisis was handled was like saying that if a bank fucks up by byuing any sort of crap bonds , they wo n't get any damage anyway so they can be as recless they like . 
  european what ? 
  when cyprus was searching for oil in their territory , turkish navy was going around the area threatening them to stop . 
  there was no european navy there to show solidarity . 
  guess who showed up ? 
  russian navy . 
  so much for your solidarity . 
  grow up . 
  the eu is only but the interest of every country . 
  when the countries of the eu do n't have interest they do nothing . 
  and greece does n't have the same interests with estonia . 
   russia goal is to work toward its personal interest . 
  every country in this world is working for its interest . 
  the eu is such a mess because everyone is looking for their interest instead of a common european interest . 
   europe , yet far from being perfect , has done and gave to greece so much : gave ? 
  where did this money end up ? 
  do you forget that they were used to repay french and german banks that would need to be bailed out in case greece defaulted ? 
  the eu bailed out french and german banks with money from all over europe . 
  it is in greek : https://www.facebook.com/tzavelaniki/posts/1123746460985956 she is an ex member if the european parliament with new democracy ( epp ) . 
  the thing is that they chinese prefer to use peraues for importing their goods instead of the ports of northern europe . 
  this is because they would have to do a shorter trip . 
  in order for this to happen however several preconditions need to be fulfiled . 
  these are that they have control of the port and the railway company of greece ( or part of it ) and of course , greece should stay a member of the eu otherwise it will be no use to them . 
  as i read in several places , the idea of the government is that both the greek and the chinese governments wil be benefited by a help of the chinese to stay in the eu . 
  ( while of course complete some privatizations of key public organisations to the chinese ) . 
  he should have learnt already that eu is only about every country 's interest and nothing more . 
  some people from the opposition suspect that it will be completed with a loan from russia . 
  the last one will be china . 
  welcome to the club . 
   this is the kind of reaction that keeps the right wing politicians in switzerland afloat . 
  this is how people in the eu see democracy . 
  lol . 
  just grow up . 
  even in the internal matters of the eu the only thing that matters is the interest each party has . 
  i watched his speech in the european parliament and it was the first time i was inspired by a talk from there . 
  can we please make this guy president of europe now that his term in estonia ends ? 
  macedonia, 
  the time that greece has been in the monetary union it had access to huge amount of capital that was borrowed but none of it was invested in ways that improve productivity . 
  i disagree that they are turks however i think the reason is something different . 
  in our muslim minority the mufti is appointed by the state which keeps radicalization at bay . 
  germany should go on and do what is its own interest . 
  the current shitshow with the immigrant crisis could also have `` destabilising geopolitical consequences '' ( for greece ) but no one gives a shit . 
  germany should just do the same and look its own interest . 
   greece should have put illegal immigrants into prison/camps until they decide to return to turkey voluntarily . 
  did i miss the news that turkey accepts them back ? 
  you were asked to open your borders to syrians . 
  the title mentions people who do n't qualify for asylum . 
  refusal to cooperate is refusal to cooperate . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  that was the center idea in the greek drama anyway . 
  you do n't like your bailout ? 
  you can leave . 
  you do n't like our democratic ideas ? 
  you can leave . 
  seriously ? 
  do you realize what disputed borders really mean ? 
  even if greece was to use lethal power , the question is where ? 
  if it is used at a place which turkey considers turkish territory it could easily cause a lot of trouble as turkey may not tolerate that . 
  likewise , what should greece do if turkey claims a random island in the aegean ? 
  just give it to turkey ? 
  what if immigrants land there ? 
  finding solutions for complex issues from your armchair is really easy . 
  well , if nato wo n't be able to stop flow of immigrants it wo n't be long before the current government collapses and support for golden dawn balloons . 
  and this takes into account only what greece spends . 
  a decline in tourism due to the migrant crisis would be an even greater tragedy . 
  he is thinking about sinking the boats and letting the people drown but if he says that people would call him a nazi . 
  this can be done in two ways . 
  either some people will take the responsibility to get them to turkey and possibly be arrested or our military will invade turkey . 
  who on earth will take such risks ? 
  do you volunteer to be a smuggler ? 
  sweet , no mention to turkey in the article which threatened to flood europe with refugees/immigrants some months ago . 
  it 's clearly germany which is responsible here . 
   there 's no sense of urgency in dealing with this crisis well , there is . 
  if nothing is done soon , tourism this year will be in a very bad state which will bring down the economy even more . 
  how many time should it be reiterated that turkey does n't accept them back ? 
  the proposal that turkey do n't really like is for nato to patrol the aegean and since the ships that do this will be impartial but also have the right to enter the territories of both greece and turkey , they will eventually return immigrants back to turkey . 
  no , but if it comes to that why should i care ? 
  every country in the union acts on its own after all . 
  now please give me a single reason why i should care about russian aggression towards other members of the union . 
  being next to russia is their fault anyway . 
  they did n't do anything to stop russian aggression . 
  greece has an agreement with turkey to send back immigrants for more than a decade but turkey rejects to take almost everyone .
