  it depends on how you see it . 
  large companies that offer all inclusive packages are doing fine but smaller shop owners or smaller businesses are struggling . 
   new democracy did do something along those lines with the dissolution of ert you mean the descision to close an organisation that operated on a surplus and be replaced by an organization that operated on a deficit just because they did n't like the former 's union . 
  technically the cuts are needed unless we never pay anything to our lenders . 
  the problem with the demands of the lenders however is that they do n't really help greece get in a better situation repaying this debt . 
  the whole tourist industry has already ben hurt a lot by previous vat increases . 
  changing the vat all the time hurts these people as they have to make investmens and take loans so they can operate . 
  changing the vat again telling them to take all the cost would create problems in a big part of the sector . 
   you are correct on the water count , almost all islands in greece , especially in cyclades face water issues on the peak tourist season ( naxos being the notable exception , due to its 1000 meter mountain and strong agriculture ) . 
  greece faces huge competition from other mediteranean countries like turkey and croatia . 
  increasing the vat on hotels and restaurants would be like asking ireland to increase the tax on corporations or leave the union . 
  it is worth mentioning here that tourism is one of the biggest sources of income for greece . 
  i do n't see how increasing the vat in such a way would make repaying our debt easier . 
  another nato member has a casus beli for greece , if greece applies the international law of the sea . 
  is n't that enough ? 
  yeah because our neighbour bulgaria with its so much lower wages is in so much better state . 
  so lets just cut wages !, 
  we found the solution !, 
  how on earth does it make sense ? 
  first they say that we will be saved if we shrink wages and become more competitive . 
  guess what ? 
  it makes the ressesion worse because people can buy less !, 
  then the gdp shrinks and guess what ? 
  the pension epxenditures as a percent of gdp skyrocket !, 
  now we have to cut pensions . 
  guess what ? 
  these cuts will reduce consumption . 
  and the gdp . 
  does this make sense ? 
  coming soon : people will be detained for defaming is . 
  i am not that familiar with what happened with elstat . 
  i have read so many articles about it that i stoped reading new ones after some point to be honest . 
  indeed :p, 
   not in general involved in excessive real estate speculation this is incorrect . 
  there is a huge amount of non-performing loans that is a huge burden to the banking sector and the biggest cause of this is that the banks gave too many loans for housing which created a bubble and crashed when the crisis started . 
  technically yes , greece was sorta stable but with an incredible amount of problems before . 
  when the banking crisis startes in the us , the whole system imploded . 
  for example , we had a housing bubble here and this is not a responsibility of the government at all . 
  it was only the private sector that caused it which decided to invest in housing instead of infrastructure and factories . 
  and on top of that the whole public sector is a nightmare , where nothing works . 
   to add some perspective to this article , its writer is a member of the opposition in greece so it 's only natural that he would be against syriza and the ruling parties before them . 
  it is worth noting that the troica forced the previous government to make tax colecting more indipedent from the government and theoharis took the position of overseeing the whole newly independent part of the ministry of finance . 
  when he started implementing the terms of the bailout program , the same government accused him of `` errors '' and forced him to resign , dispite the fact he was implementing austerity measures approved by the parliament . 
  to add on that , what was going on in greece in last decade is that people who could invest took the chance to invest in more sort term investments like housing which was booming instead in infrastructure , factories etc. 
  this is one of the multiple reasons greece is so broken now . 
  secondary sector here is almost inexistant after the housing bubble ended . 
  it was not officially stated . 
  the representatived of the imf said that to the president of the national confederation of hellenic commerce ( \u0395\u03a3\u0395\u0395 ) . 
  imf once said that the slaries of greeks must be on par with neighbour countries like bulgaria ( around 300 $ ) and that would be our way to prosper . 
  avramopoulos is a specialist when it comes to speaking and not saying anything at all . 
  nothing new . 
  because now that the honeymoon is over and we are facing serious problems we just get swamped by populism . 
  that is a joke . 
  it is worth noting here that brazil is almost two times larger than the whole european union in terms of area . 
  yeah , especialy those republicans, 
  only at that time ? 
  then why are you a member of the eu ? 
  ~ ~ today ~ ~ the imf said that 300 $ wage should be enough for greece . 
  and yes , we are indeed sharing our problems . 
  edit : it was not said today . 
  it was released today that they made this demand in the past . 
  you are cheering a minister saying that he wo n't accept any more immigrants . 
  did you ever ask your politicians in the past to say that the eu should say to turkey that enough is enough sending immigrants from africa and middle east to europe without interrupting them ? 
  or what did your policians say about the war on lybia ? 
  you just did n't give a shit because you knew that no immigrant could reach you anyway they would jsut reach border nations but not you . 
  and you are coming to my point exactly . 
  you wonder why noone supported besides the us ? 
  because noone had interest in that besides the us . 
  so estonia wishes for help in case of possible `` problems '' with russia but does n't agree to help in other matters that cause huge problems in other eu countries ? 
  rearming with brooms ? 
  op modified the picture to show in it greece and germany but it is inaccurate to be specific about the greek crisis . 
  it is a general problem iin the eu that some countries have some problems and the rest do n't really help . 
  see : russian aggression in the east and only eastern countries are alert , imigrants are flocking southern states but several countries are against accepting imigrants and some small states have extremely low taxes in order to lure there big corporations . 
  it is exactly the same scheme in all aspects of europe . 
  everyone just looks at his own interest . 
  same for greece . 
  this is the last thing that we need to face now :( i hope it can be contained soon . 
   greece as a whole have benefited from massive eu subsidies after their lied their arses off to get in . 
  eu subsides and joining the eurozone are completely different things . 
  greece joined the eu when there was still the iron curtain at its borders . 
  me feelings exactly . 
  i still rememeber finish people saying that microsoft bying nokia would be a positive result as nokia was too big for finland or something like that . 
  now , how is it possible in this fucking union that we are not big enough for big enterprises to function like they do in the us ? 
  do you have any source ? 
  latest news say that it did increase . 
  is that why it is the first government to actually collect taxes from the infamous ` lagarde list ' ? 
  it would n't be the first time that policement get shot in order to convince the people that the perpetrators have other motives . 
  see : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gladio_in_italy#1972_peteano_massacre_and_the_strategy_of_tension, 
   which transcended national interests oh let 's not start how the members of the european union have given up their national interests ... 
  the previous government that was favioured by the other european leaders had a sophisticated system to split the public sector in three parts based on the percentage of votes the three parties got on the elections so they could hire as many of their own in the public state . 
  as for what the new government is doing , just one day before tsipras met merkel , a well known businessman also suspected in public for widespread corruption was arrested for outstanding debts for the state . 
  this gives me hope that things are changing slowy . 
  i am also implying that the previous government would never try to face the greek oligarchs like this guy . 
  these are te people that our partners in europe cheered to win the elections in 2012 so bad . 
  and see what the hell they did . 
  if only they were pressured to use this damn complex system to actually reform the public sector instead of just securing positions for their friends . 
  :( the most infuriating part is how they are trying to undermine the current government and its new ministers , yet our partners did n't have any problems with the previous goovernment . 
  afaik the government says that they ca n't apply any measure that can cost anything unless brussels agree as well . 
  however due to the fact that the negotiations carry on , the troika prefers that a package with all measures will be accepted before giving the green light for any individual such measure . 
  no , his phrasing clearly says that the ussr did n't have a choice but sing a non agession pact with germany .
