    if before mad restrained any war between russia and west because they simply could destroy each other , then now what will prevent west to strike nuclear rocket on russia ? 
  nothing  i recall estimates that anywhere between 10 to a 100 nuclear blasts is enough to kick enough dirt into the atmosphere to fuck up the planet for a very long time . 
  not to mention fallout and other fun stuff . 
  10 to a hundred should n't cause too much trouble . 
  during the heydays of atmospheric testing far more nukes were popped . 
   nuclear weapons as offensive weapons are an absurdity . 
  beyond small , tactical nukes , they 're insanse and will end up destroying the planet even without the opponent 's ability to respond . 
  iirc i believe russia is under the impression that tactical nukes can be used without escalation , which is very worrying . 
  makes me proud to be swede . 
  is n't there an old english by law somewhere where it 's allowed to kill a welshman sfter dark as long as it 's done by longbow ? 
  thi sis what happened in holland during ww2 iirc , the germans used the local govs data to find jews, 
  . . and if no country allows him to reside anywhere ? 
  giving someone a citizenship comes with some responsibility for the country providing it . 
  basically you have a responsibility for your citizens . 
  removing their citizenship is like trying to dump the problem onto others . 
  indeed . 
  afaik christians and jews are ` people of the book ' and while not muslims , still respected . 
  at least back in the day, 
  i have people telling me the netherlands is a most risk because of global warming and rising sea . 
  i truly believe you will be the last european nation standing against the waves . 
  just poldering the shit out of it . 
  dutch ? 
  swede here , i 'd say merging into one country with norway , finland and denmark would be quite cool . 
  the question is if they 'd want to ... 
  oh just sentimental reasons . 
  used to go there in my childhood . 
  you can have it , as long as we can keep falsterbo, 
  then the press would be full of hero stories . 
  they are not afaics . 
  well they used to be part of russia / part of warsaw pact and now they 're pretty much can not join nato quickly enough ? 
  : that sort of makes one suspicious of how nice it is to be in the russian area of influence ... 
  all of the baltics seemed rather eager to join , as did poland . 
  seems noone is too keen to be under the power umbrella of russia when push comes to shove . 
  not that the us is perfect but if i have to pick a choice well , sorry . 
  that 's just using the conditions around you to your advantage !, 
   your country would never join nato . 
  you 'd be suprised, 
  it 's the nordic way ... 
  i agree . 
  none of them are pretty . 
  look , joke aside , i got nothing against the russian people . 
  i know some russian which are absolutely brilliant and lots for fantastic cultural stuff come out from there . 
  however the current increase in flyovers and bullying of our ships are worrying us . 
  putin says we got nothing to worry about , but actions seems to differ . 
  any wonder that we are actually seriously considering joining nato ? 
  oh my god , if only i 've known . 
  well , you manage to get rid of both of us in the end, 
  they * soooo * cheated . 
  apology accepted . 
  russia 's been one of our arch enemies for a long time . 
  it 's not russiophobia , its tradition . 
  swedes takes pride in their putin hate , or just general fear of the enemy to the east . 
  it better , or there will be problems . 
  they need to get that heat out or things will melt, 
  someone needs to try this . 
  well they are going to the counties around syria as well.lebanon got a fuckton of refugees , turkey as well . 
  they are not all coming here, 
  i 'd imagine quite a few do . 
  not everyone is on the run from syria, 
  erm , turkey are exactly no pushover when it comes to military might . 
  they stole them from us !, 
  c'mon , we all know that stockholm population growth is due to lantisar moving in , basically they 're all closet-noll\u00e5ttor . 
  indeed , lol, 
  there a 20 year queue to get a rental property in stockholm city . 
  the suburbs not so much . 
  i might not live in stockholm anymore but i know enough people to know there 's no greater issue with refugees in the capital . 
  whertre exactly ? 
  central stockholm is a very dense area with extremely high prices due to a property price bubble . 
  theres tons of space in the suburbs and whatnot . 
  maybe try to copy the current nato structure and build from that ? 
  maybe in the future , like 15-20 years from now . 
  right now i think most of eu wants the brits to just bugger off into the horizon . 
  we 'll still be affected by this so while appreciative as always over being born in europe i 'm still worried . 
  fair point, 
  i worked with company in sweden that dealt a lot with a finish company back in the day . 
  the time difference was really annoying . 
  we try to contact them and they are on their hour of lunch , they get back and try to reply then we are at lunch . 
  it 's small things but they do impact, 
  we scandies win again !, 
  indeed , i much rather have the same time in as much of europe as possible . 
  also helps business working across borders . 
  sure , what i said came out a bit wrong. , i still read the odd online comics/manga and i would actually like to read more . 
  i was more thinking of being old as in actually buying paper comics every week back in the day . 
  i used to as a kid . 
  i 'm old though . 
  i 'll put on the kettle and get the cake ready !, 
  they 're coming for us ? 
  european border ends by the ural mountains iirc ? 
  i 'd say europe just is n't that bothered if you 're gay or not . 
  except when it comes to gay pride parties . 
  gay ppl knows how to party . 
  you might be in for more than you bargained for, 
  this would be so bloody funny ... 
  iirc , it was part of the original eu deal in the 70s, 
  been there , its super-stunning . 
  well worth the trip . 
  i prefered the south island , but both worth a trip . 
  just came back from copenhagen . 
  this checks out . 
  indeed !,
