  with some effort i can read icelandic and at least get the gust of what is being written, 
  while not the same language , they are very closely related . 
  also sweden , norway and denmark can chat with each other , to varying grades of success, 
  more of the interest of nato . 
  there 's a reason why putin liked the brexit . 
  you have to remember that eu was blamed for a multitude of issues , basically holding britain back from being great . 
  now ppl think uk will be great again . 
  edit : a world autouncorrected, 
  nah swedish , i live in the netherlands though . 
  i found new kids while exploring dutch films to see in order to practice my dutch . 
  crap , missed that . 
  on my phone so just posted first link i found without checking too closely . 
  well the dutch got the new kids : https://youtu.be/m9svcywyqka, 
  i thought molten salt reactors would use thorium as fuel ? 
  sweden is about 60 + / 40 - in favour of eu , iirc . 
  we might not have joined the euro yet , but we 're a fairly eu positive bunch, 
  some do , it s not like everyone tries to get to the uk . 
  the o extant do try to get to the uk got contacts/family there , speak better english than french or something else, 
  well , problem solved then . 
  so why all the fuss here ? 
  im not sure why france as a nation should worry regarding any fines to ferry companies and the eurostar ? 
  it a gentleman 's agreement that allows france to check passports on uk soil and uk to check on french soil . 
  any of these two can pull out as they wish, 
  what you gon na do ? 
  write strongly worded letters ? 
  france have no obligation to protect your borders . 
  surely a new tunnel wo n't take more than a few weeks to dig !, 
  i think in sweden most people would take the train in this case , so they could work while commuting . 
  even then , one could just charge the car while at work for the trip home . 
  we 're talking commutes to work , no ? 
  who commutes 200 miles to work ? 
  dude , i think its stupid as well . 
  but if it helps women gat otherwise would have sat and rotted indoors to have a nice time on the beach , interacting with people and maybe slowly getting used to people being half naked on the beach then all the better . 
  people need time to change . 
  iirc , to be untanned used to be a sign of prosperity . 
  people who had to work on the fields all day were tanned , the rich cool kids could chill in the shade . 
  some of these women do not see it as a symbol of oppression but as a way of being able to have a nice day at the beach without feeling awkward . 
  some people think wearing a bra is being oppressed , others see it as a way of supporting their bosom . 
  opinions differ and we sohuld allow for that as long as they do not stop others from expressing their opinion, 
  nah , you were witty . 
  no need to be shy !, 
  unlimited power . 
  think of the possibilities . 
  i think k they already gone out and said they would not pull a stunt like that and let uk formally declare when they are triggering a50, 
  judging from the amount of butthurt during the scottish independence referendum you seem to care quite a bit about keeping scotland in the union, 
  all copper i pressume ? 
  very beautiful . 
  estland left the baltic ? 
  sweden got pretty much a decided upon solution for their waste . 
  the commission is changed every 5 years iirc . 
  selected by the parliament . 
  time to fire up good ol' barseb\u00e4ck again ... 
  it 's ok , it 's a nordic thing . 
  we 're playing the long game ... 
  ... nor stampot with pineapple !, 
  also lacking herring . . 
  remian, 
  sure , warum not ? 
  here we go ... 
  as i said in another comment . 
  sweden and uk usually agreed on most issues and voted the same in parliament . 
  sweden 's are quite miffed as we usually vote same as uk, 
  or stay at home with pay , while they investigate their options . 
  it 's not like you can not fire ppl in eu . 
  from what i saw noone tackled the leaves stupid argument i 'm debates . 
  they all seemed to throw sound bites at each other 's and the leavers had the best one as they could call upon the ` good ol' days ', 
  they 're saving a huge chunk of that oil money . 
  i suppose the plan is to live on the interest of all that dosh, 
  whatever floats your boat, 
  i 'll see what i can do . 
  actually no , although i 'd imagine it 's pretty much everywhere down there edit : one of the * ones * you said . 
  yes , i 'd imagine so, 
  they 're rather strapped for cash at the moment, 
  what must happen will happen , no matter the pain . 
  ok tidying away the wine glasses and a y other glasses as well as switchinh off all lights, 
  [ freedoom ] ( https://freedoom.github.io/ ) ? 
  freedom !, 
  sort of mesmerising . 
  hope to see you around !, 
  they paid compensation , 68 million to be exact . 
  christ , i 've lots count how many times we found russian military aircraft doing exactly the same thing around sweden . 
  they really need to keep their own air force in check if they think this is so unprofessional . 
  yeah , but maybe without america , europe would have been under soviet rule . 
  well it was . 
  it forced germany to fight the war on two fronts . 
  you 're better at tango by far ... 
  rather big , i must say, 
  i assume you meant * obama * bin laden ? 
  this does n't make sense , there 's hell of a lot of tea being consumed in sweden , for example and lots of coffee in england . 
  does that mean thsat all of the american continents should be de - colonised and returned to their indigenous population ? 
  that will be a hell of a lot of people to relocate back to europe ... 
  well , it can be rather nippy in winter ... 
  low energy, 
  the us got enough checks in place to reign in someone like trump . 
  you will be able to sort it out . 
  ( hopefully ), 
  actually , some of the battle predictions for taking the baltics involve taking gotland as well as it is strategically placed . 
  sick fuck , where 're the mods ? 
  it certainly has a nice ring to it . 
  he 's been in power for a week,
