as i understand it philae ( the lander ) will be completely unpowered during descent , no thrusters at all . 
  edit : ah , they 'll use a flywheel to control it , clever !, 
  * `` as philae descends it will fall slowly without propulsion or guidance , gradually gathering speed in the comet 's weak gravitational field , although its attitude will be stabilised via an internal flywheel . 
  '' * ( http://sci.esa.int/rosetta/54470-landing-on-a-comet/ ), 
  considering that they are doing this by basically chucking out the probe of the back and letting it fall down , how can they be so sure it wo n't start tumble ? 
  it 's falling a few km at least and if they drop it with the slightest hint of rotation surely it will not come down on all four ? 
  hmm , maybe in a bit ... 
  i was driving up from lille towards gent and fuck those roads . 
  thought the tires would pop after hitting some huge bloody * holes * in the tarmac . 
  they promised nato would not expand . 
  of course countries like poland could not really wait to join as they did n't trust the russians to stay away . 
  where 's my instant rimshot when i need it ? 
  i 'd rather go by tank tha fly ryanair, 
  well , they did have the english !, 
  quite hypnotic in a way ... 
  just like east ukraine and crimea is part of ukraine ? 
  we 've been quite close to nato for quite some time . 
  we 're just getting a bit closer now . 
  so strong it must stop to fire !, 
  cheers , i 'm going there to visit the outlaws so i most likely stay local , not much further south than painswick due to family commitments . 
  i live in amsterdam nowadays . 
  its pretty much impossible to get a decent chinese takeaway so that might go on the lost of things to do . 
  it a small world !, 
  well not really , but maybe smaller when it comes to fish 'n' chips, 
  many thanks . 
  unfortunately it 's a bit away from my intended destination :-) [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ytwlfyp.jpg?1 ) is the targeted fish 'n' chip shop !, 
  indeed . 
  going to the uk for the first time in a year next week . 
  fish 'n' chips , here i come !, 
  the allies were n't all that nice either . 
  ww2 was very ugly . 
  one should follow his dreams !, 
  i would n't recommend sucking a bag of dicks that been lying around in formaldehyde . 
  i was more thinking something along the line of these beauties : http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/food-and-drink/features/the-10-best-british-cheeses-8535279.html?action=gallery, 
  a proper cheddar is nothing of the kind . 
  please do n't be fooled by the crap you might find in the supermarket . 
  a good cheddar is like love itself kicking you in the mouth - in the best way possible . 
  unicorn , it was a unicorn !, 
  ever tried a good cheddar . 
  english cheese ftw . 
  both, 
  considering vasa lasted about , what , less than a nautical mile , i would n't be too suprised if it did . 
   do n't know . . 
  i think they may consider it an amazing achievement or something ... pure speculation , but why does america always spin nasty propaganda against russia ? 
  and why does the us keep building missile bases around russian territory ? 
  so they would attack as part of some teenage dick wagging contest to show they 're hard enough ? 
  do n't be daft . 
   1 . russia has the oil and gas ... america likes oil and gas . 
  the us have more than enough of oil and gas from elsewhere for the foreseeable future . 
  if needs be , they start digging out that tar sand , that ; s.  2 . 
  it was rumoured that america wanted to supply oil and gas from saudi to reap the money from it . 
  what rumour . 
  in any way it hardly sounds like something worth potentially starting ww3 for . 
  america does n't have as much money as you think they have , and they need a war to pay off their debts . 
  they are basically running an empty shell economy which really is n't making that much profit . 
  and since it has over 1 trillion of debt , the value of the dollar is based on your `` percived '' value of it . 
  something china is very concerned about . 
  while the us economy is in bad shape , it 's getting better . 
  so no real need for war . 
  i do n't think starting a war with all the unknowns in it would be worth the risk . 
  especially not with russia . 
  * if * us really wanted a war in order to get the wheels of the economy up and running again they should just escalate shit in afghanistan or go into syria , most of the world part from russia would n't mind too much considering the clusterfuck it is . 
   now why would russia want a war with america ? 
  what i mean by the last question is ... how would russia possibly benefit by giving an order to shoot down a civilian aircraft ? 
  the whole world would hate them !, 
  it 's just not in the russian interests . 
  i do n't think russia wants a war with the us , or the other way , i do n't think most people believe that at all . 
  and i do n't believe that russia gave the order to down the jet . 
  what happened was that someone fucked up royally and shot down this airliner thinking it was an ukrainian military aircraft . 
  apply occam 's razor here . 
  no big conspiracies or complicated explanations and whatnot . 
  just someone fucking up . 
   not to mention that the ukrainian separatist or the ukrainian army were the only people who would have access to that kind of missile launcher ( assuming it was not shoot down by the 2 fighter jets ) . 
  which is bull and you know it . 
  the russian led militia bragged about their buc system in the weeks before his incident all over the place only to remove the posts about afterwards . 
   what is in my interests , however , is that i have heard that russia has evidence that the flight was diverted 200km and escorted by 2 ukrainian fighter jets . 
  it was also rumored that the order for the malaysian flight was given by kiev air traffic control . 
  that 's what russian news says , ukraine news says otherwise , which is understandable . 
  until we got a third party source for this it 's just a case of mudslinging . 
  of course kiev air taffic control would have been in touch with the plane , it was in ukrain airspace in a standard flight route to asia . 
   not to mention , russia stopping america from invading syria , and of course the snowden thing ... that really pissed america right off !, 
  as annoyed the us is about snowden , i doubt they would be risking millions of american lifes for him . 
  regarding syria i think the us were quite relieved that it all petered out . 
   the defense ministry said a ukrainian military plane had flown within firing range of the airliner just before it came down , but ukrainian president petro poroshenko has rejected the claim . 
  if this was the case then maybe the whole thing would have been more understandable . 
  however why did n't the militia make sure to not risk any civilian causalities ? 
  or do you mean by firing range from the military airplanes ? 
  do you still think that this is some big bad conspiracy ? 
  if the us or the ukrainian military shot down the plane in order to try to blame the rebel there wold be some whistle blower . 
  this is too mbig to cover up . 
  the backlash would bee enormous , probably irreparable . 
  why risk that when russia was already doing quite a good job looking like the bad wolf in all this . 
  neither ukraine or the us needed to shoot down this plane in order to look like the good guy . 
   th problem is russia would win ww3 . 
  they have more nukes than you can imagine !, 
  you simply can not go into all-out war with them ... america knows this , so i presume it wants to fight with `` sanctions '' ... and probably denounce them in the nato and public relations . . to try to use global pressure for them to disarm their nukes and then force them to stop trading in oil ( or gain control of the oil fields ) ... 
  however , disarming nukes is something russia will never do ... russia got around 8,500 nukes , the us got 7,700 . the full list here : http://www.ploughshares.org/world-nuclear-stockpile-report i do n't think anyone would ` win ' a full-out nuclear exchange between russia and the us . 
  even if someone won , they would have won a piece of rubble . 
  anyway , now your changing your standpoint . 
  so the us do n't want a war then ??
