  the brits do this as well . 
  stockholm is very , very far away from kiruna, 
  ikea is basically undercover swedish military bases abroad, 
  um , antarctica is a landmass , under all that ice is solid ground ( well , mostly ... ), 
  yup , of all the americans i met around europe , exactly one has been anti-ish europe.rest of them been decent people, 
  all part of the eccentric british charm ... ;-), 
  yes , i heard people arguing that without pubs closing at 11 , the uk would n't have had the club culture it has now . 
  thought police , man !, 
  it 's a ( very bad ) copy of a picture that surely must have been in the public domain . 
  i doubt her copyright claim will hold, 
  heh , went to antwerp . 
  talked with some belgian people about them speaking dutch , i was told in no uncertain terms that , no , they do n't speak dutch , they speak * flemish *, 
  not me personally , as a swede who lives in the netherlands for 4 years after living in london for 11 years , i feel very proud over being a european . 
  admittedly the two town have pretty much grown together , at least from an expat 's point of view ;-), 
  den hague is by the ocean . 
  another nice city is utrecht . 
  according to the womens lawyer , this is not that uncommon : * `` i applied for the investigation of assange 's sake taken up again was not a particularly unusual action . 
  in 2010 received a total of 2,300 applications nationwide to reopen a closed investigation . 
  development centre , which is located in gothenburg , malm\u00f6 and stockholm , approves an average of about 11 percent of these requests . 
  development centre in gothenburg in 2010 were 164 applications relating to sexual offenses against persons over 15 years of which about 11 per cent led to the investigation was reopened . 
  i added this tongue-in-cheek . 
  radicalism exists everywhere and is not limited to muslims , see breivik for example . 
  yes , of course we need to work against radicalism , but i think working on greater integration is a better way than fear mongering and finger pointing . 
  funny , the 2 muslim colleagues i have a work have n't gone rioting anywhere . 
  they did however bring a fuck-ton of cakes and cookies over to work as part of their eid celebration . 
  damn good cakes ... 
  the different branches of the human race are far too young to display any measureable difference in intelligence . 
  and now when we mixing with each other on a global scale any potential future difference will be highly unlikely, 
  i think xenophobia might be a better word, 
  meh , most immigrants just want to go with their life without causing any trouble , of course there is a tiny minority of nutters but nutters you can find in any society, 
  um , denmark 's part of nato last time i checked ... 
  that 's our equivalent of navy seals in training . 
  they 're hardcore . . 
  it does n't taste like it smells , it just taste really really salty . 
  not a favourite of mine , i must admit . 
  only had it 3 times in my life . 
  iirc it 's classified as a chemical weapon hence forbidden by the geneva convention . 
  do n't hurt me ... 
  sweden 's sub ssk gotland [ ` sunk ' uss ronald reagan and some nuclear sub ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khaa3y0i87s ), 
  yup , famous for their extremely fast decent ... !, 
  detect ? 
  tell that to the american navy , they rented a swedish submarine for wargames , the swedish sub did rather well ... anway this silly piece of journalism is just that , silly . 
  the us and europe got far more in common that set us apart and personally i hope it stays that way . 
  as a swede i quite like our own one , but i must admit that russia 's is where it 's at !, 
  it marvelous !, 
  as a swede living in the netherlands , i 'd say they beat us hands down, 
  oh , quite a few want to stop them too , it 's just that we still feel quite uneasy with the whole nazi thing since last time ... 
  weird though , did n't think norway was particular bad , mid-table perhaps , but far better than others , like albania for example , how the fuc did that song get so many votes ? 
  it sounded like she had a particular bad bowel movement . 
  nah , france were better than italy i think, 
  i thought ireland would go reallyfar with that song !, 
  up , up , up , ooooooupupup, 
  i 'm swedish . 
  thanks to sweden joining the eu , i could go to england an study there for the same cost as an english student . 
  that was back in 1997 , ended up living in london for 11 years , met english girl , who got a job in amsterdam . 
  decided to give that a go and now i 'm living there since 4 years . 
  without eu this would not be possible . 
  eu is not without faults , but it 's has the right foundation for something great and getting rid of it would be a huge step in the wrong direction . 
  found it no harder than london really except from those hills , also san fran is small compared to london . 
  worst city i walked in was la , it 's just not meant to be traversed on foot . 
  tampa as not very foot friendly as well . 
  chill out , we europeans got our amount of crazy as well . 
  not entirely true , cities like san fran is great for walking/biking as well as being one of the most fantastic cities i 've visited . 
  i assume the same can be said about new york . 
  personally i cold see me spend a few years in san fran , got some friends there . 
  i think i 'd miss europe in the long run though , but who knows . 
  well , you did have a referendum about it ... 
  shame for all uk expats working in europe and vice verse . 
  personaly i can not see why one would not want a stronger union among the european countries , but to each her own i suppose, 
  not in january really . 
  although i suppose it 's relative, 
  iirc , they save a fair bit of it and try to live on the interest, 
  smooth sailing ? 
  surely you mean : ` you 're fucking bread , kiddo ', 
  that 's because of 24/7 rain, 
  the danes speak drunken norwegian . 
  while that is rather extreme i 'm sure myself as a european would n't do too well naming all the american states . 
  wow , never heard of it . 
  bandy is pretty much a scandinavian , north american and russian thing , with a few more countries added to the mix . 
  always wondered why it was n't popular in the netherlands as you love field hockey as well as skating . 
  swimming pool ? 
  wtf ? 
  indoor hockey would be floorball . 
  it 's all a bit confusing . 
  the ` real ' ice equivalent of field hockey would actually be bandy https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bandy but heyho . 
  ... such a cheeky monkey !, 
  reason can be found here : https://youtu.be/fqgrc5sfcaq, 
  can be nice to know your neighbours , especially if shit happened . 
  i had a very good neighbourgh at the last place i lived . 
  i got burgled while away and he sorted out securing the broken window and getting hold of me . 
  you forgot the just plain ol' crazy people, 
  you share a common ancestor with the germans : * dutch is grouped within the germanic languages , which means it shares a common ancestor with languages such as english , german , and scandinavian languages . 
  * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_dutch_language, 
  well , in the netherlands it 's the opposite , i ask in dutch , they reply in english, 
  sorry to hear , swedes can admittedly be a bit stupid at times . 
  just ask anyone from finland . 
  do n't knock it until you tried it . 
  ah , food of the gods !, 
  well i doubt the finns count on us finishing it ... 
  swede here .
