  any of the other nordic countries really . 
  especially : hockey : finland x country skiing : norway football : denmark . 
  iceland got a free pass though . 
  can not hate them . 
  they 're tearing my soul apart with their fluoride !, 
  edit : on a serious note . 
  does n't seem like many european countries uses fluoride in their drinking water . 
  of all the ways to poison your population chemtrails must be the most ineffective ... why not just add it to the damn water ? 
  ah yes , the sheep ... 
  all good over here . 
  swede here . 
  i 'd wait for a green light . 
  admittedly the danes probably got more beer culture than us ... 
  in sweden we got decilitres . 
  a we also got a metric mile = 10 km . 
  is tblsp , tsp , etc not used in france ? 
  i never seen a european country not use it , metric or not . 
  same when you go up north of uppsala in sweden . 
  the motorways vanishes . 
  might be hard justifying motorways up there though as not too many ppl . 
  was there last year all the roads were rather nice . 
  mind you we mostly traveled around bled . 
  roads up north are incredibly shit . 
  the cold winters really messes them up . 
  you got the better beer though !, 
  sweden has always been big with the kurds as we have always been very sympathetic to their independence struggle . 
  i 'm sure you can get some frozen from supermarket or from a delicatessen store, 
  looks bloody delicious . 
  scary as fuck . 
  seems like we 're getting pinched . 
  time to build army, 
  i think that 's more him playing for his followers . 
  he looks like he 's fighting for the little guy all while getting tons of favourable deals . 
  pretty much the same in the netherlands , there are even supermarket chains that wo n't accept cash at all . 
  busses will stop accepting it this year iirc, 
  wtf ? 
  we got so much space we probably my would n't notice . 
  and then the snow turns grey by all the car fumes ... but nevertheless , for a while it 's super pretty . 
  i suppose if you get out of town then it stays prettier far longer, 
  indeed , i had a friend who sometimes go for light therapy during winter asit can affect him rather badly . 
  quite a few ppl also go for a holiday to somewhere warmer and lighter during winter , helps a bit . 
  circle of life, 
  yes , we let you down in ww2 :-( . 
  maybe put any hypothetical nordic army under finish command ? 
  not that young really, 
  considering the state of our military that surprises me . 
  i would very much welcome a eu army, 
  not a film but the d day beaches pulls a lot of people, 
  i thought it was going to be whangland ? 
  after scotland and northern ireland left the union . 
  another way to see europe once there is to get a eurorail train ticket like this . 
  having said that , it might be worth investigating flights between amsterdam and berlin . low cost airlines like weather flies between those cities . 
  bear in mind while the initial price may look cheap on airlines like that , once on e adds all extras like luggage ( baggage ? 
  ) , etc can make it quite expensive . 
  still , if you fly on an unpopular date/time it can be cheaper than train . 
  https://www.vliegwinkel.nl/ ( you might have to freshen up your dutch !, 
  hopefully the page should be fairly self explanatory ), 
  amsterdam got schiphol airport which is a major hub so it makes sense to start there . 
  then i 'd take train to berlin . 
  about 6 hours . 
  then fly to either florence or barcelona . 
  would n't do both . 
  fair point . 
  having said that , the baltics are considered by quite a few to be part of the nordics, 
  russia is not part of the nordic countries . 
  it 's nice over here i the netherlands . 
  rains more than the uk east coast though . 
  hey , lets join all the nordic countries while we 're at it !, 
  we 'll be unstoppable !, 
  live in amsterdam . 
  cycle to work ( duh ) . 
  argh , the danes spoils our plans for world domination yet again !, 
  it was written by a writer as a sarcastic comment of the state of mind of role in sweden . 
  nothing positive about it . 
  we have n't finished 4th for 4 years now ... 
  i 'd say occupied is rather weird way to say it . 
  they got some bases here and that 's about it . 
  its not like you 're forces to have them . 
  france got rid of them for example . 
  as it is we need us troops here for nato . 
  we beat you in having the best neighbour . 
  just like we beat you in hockey !, 
  london underground does something similar as well, 
  culture , food and wine, 
  like joining the euro zone ? 
  i suspect there might be a connection ... 
  interestingly sweden have been considering reintroducing it . 
  at least a discussion have started . 
  tbf , they have until now been under a very heavy embargo . 
  do n't wait for it to happen . 
  you got to date to try . 
  do n't feel left out , i 'm sure this is not the full list of pretty countries . 
  in fact , i struggle to think of any ugly country in europe really . 
  indeed . 
  also , slovenia and croatia , pretty as fuck, 
  i 'd say you 'd stick out as much as you do in the states . 
  sure ppl notice , but i can not see it would make you a ` target ' in anyway . 
  hope you have a good time in europe !, 
  i 'd say stockholm is far more hipsterish than berlin . 
  edit : if -  i 'd,
