  the coffeshops are pretty much there for the tourists, 
  ask for an angel drink at the bar !, 
  i assume you 're ` just going outside and may be some time ' ? 
  my life . 
  everything i ever known has been a lie . 
  we stole them as well . 
  actually , we got 'em from the turks ... 
  do n't you have tango practice now ? 
  eu basically agreed upon common laws for all members , so it would be a level playing field . 
  it is a compromise all member states has to do . 
  now , you want to have free trade agreement with other countries you can expect similar laws and agreements , you can not escape it unless you go back to wto default trade rates . 
  edit : also , britain is/was part of eu , so indeed they were part of deciding how and what should be written to law, 
  they 're bullying their way around the baltic sea as we speak . 
  could tries tend to react to stuff like that, 
  live is a compromise . 
  everything we decide is influenced by others . 
  let 's just call ourselves ` best europe ', 
  d66 it is !, 
  rather weird name though ? 
  you 're probably too expensive . 
  and it pretty much is a trading bloc . 
  as long as you were in the eu you had a fucking veto for anything else . 
  now you will have nothing , especially if you take the norway route . 
  and what was that ? 
  how could the promise anything at all as everything they hoped for was relying on other nations letting them have an easy ride ? 
  it was all bullshit, 
  sweden 's yours , i live in the netherlands nowadays, 
  nice . 
  of course it 's not the same thing and i can see why people might disagree with it now . 
  but what i challenged is this never ending moaning from brexiters that everybody else should just put up with it . 
  considering their moaning one would have imagined they never won in the first place, 
  as quite a few people 's dreams and plans been ripped away from them for a referendum result that noone has a clue what it means and which campaign was riddled with false promised i 'm not surprised people want a revote of some kind . 
  i 'm a swede . 
  no vote for me . 
  sad to see britain go though ... sas -  sad, 
  especially with some fucker charging after oneself ? 
  it has it 's place , i must admit ... 
  well , the anti-eu people did n't shut up after the referendum in the 70s , so why should the pro-eu people shut up now ? 
  hey , i like a good bitter . 
  better than that lager crap, 
  that 's swedes , before we got smug, 
  renewables are coming along pretty nicely anyway . 
  if we do n't fund things like this we never get fusion, 
  indeed we do . 
  iirc germany got a decent enough army but its solely set up for defence . 
  ever heard the expression ` when you dug yourself into a hole , stop digging ' ? 
  you still need to register with the local authority . 
  for tax and stuff, 
  indeed , also london 's too damn pricey to live in now . 
  the * use * or creation of technology could be considered part of culture . 
  the actual contraption itself , not so much . 
  an ac dc converter is not fucking culture , it a technical invention . 
  rest of you argument rather cheap as well . 
  you seem to long for some romantic idea of 19th century europe . 
  edit : stupid autocorrect, 
  hey , i want to have my cake and eat it !, 
  on a serious note : fair enough . 
  maybe they could abstain from voting ? 
  to be fair we are * very * close to nato , and we certainly were on the western side during the cold war , pretty much ` neutral ' only in name . 
  the idea is that nato can not let russia take sweden as it would be a great threat to norway , a nato member as well as give russia unrestricted access to atlantic and rest of europe from the north . 
  personally i think we should up our military spending to 2 % as well as join nato , but that might be tricky , even if i 'd dare say a majority would support this nowadays . 
  a quite interesting article on the subject : http://warontherocks.com/2016/07/determined-by-history-why-sweden-and-finland-will-not-be-more-than-nato-partners/, 
  maybe you should read up on french military history before writing rubbish like this, 
  maybe you should read up on french military history before writing rubbish like this, 
  if you 're pa e.g. 
  of nato then you better live up to the obligation to help a fellow member in need . 
  hard brexit or not . 
  swedish military do just fine while no one is attacking . 
  if ` someone ' attracted we could probably put up a fight for a week or so . 
  then we would be fucked . 
  we count on help from nato in case of war . 
  of course , if we do get off this rock all i said might very well invalid . 
  my main worry though is climate change . 
  i do n't think it will will us off but it 'll do enough damage to the fabric of our society that we degenerate and lose the knowledge we have . 
  imho we are at a crossroad , either we manage to push on and overcome our resource restricted existence or we risk closing the door to ever mock g on from this planet . 
  draken . 
  the most beautiful fighter sweden ever built ... < 3, 
  standards will fall as we are overriding this planets finite resources . 
  what we might a righteous for is for standards to fall fairly from super rich to poor . 
  considering the cost of all the best you need for hockey i can assure you it 's nothing poor about it . 
  the nordic ftw !, 
  truly david against goliath . 
  it 's like star wreck - in the pirkinning all over again !, 
  you wont believe when you see it !, 
  praise russia from saving us poor swedes !, 
  indeed , the finns were marching towards moscow !, 
  us would hate to lose those bases in europe and middle east . 
  it 's not like they are stationed there out goodwill to all of mankind, 
  they 're far better , if not the best , on cross country try skiing , not do much downhill, 
  i thought they moved down to 6th last year ? 
  edit : well , looks like they moved down in october last year . 
  maybe they gone up again ? 
  and the queen herself is very much of german heritage !, 
  pwooaar ... 
  nice and airy though . 
  great space for office parties, 
  maybe i hung out with the wrong kind of people ... 
  went to uni there + the wild single years after uni , so it was while living in flatshares , etc. 
  this might have influenced my perception of things . 
  weird , i lived in the uk ( london ) for over 10 years , and from what i can recall a huge majority kept their shoes on .
