  at the top you said that all this was to cause a war ? 
  that 's was the whole point ?!, 
  no public opinion are going to get any of the countries with nukes to get rid of them . 
  only future salt agreements will do that . 
   i just found this on the bbc website ... 
  i thought the black boxes were reported to be on their way to moscow ? 
  good !, 
  maybe there are forces at work trying to deescalate this thing now after this horrible incident and work work together with the crash team . 
   i will laugh my head off if the america black box says russia did it ... and the russian black box says a ukrainian fighter jet did it ... the black boxes wont say anything like that . 
  i doubt they wil e ven be able to prove it was a missile . 
  all it will be able to show is if there was a catastrophic failure at altitude , which ought to point to the plane being shot down , but it can not say for sure it was , unless the voice recording of the pilots contains any reference to them being pursued by a missile . 
   a few days ago . . it was claimed the `` separatists '' eg . . idiots with guns . . were going to give the black box to moscow ? 
  why are these newspapers contradicting themselves ? 
  it 's a confusing and volatile situation . 
  some militia/rebels did say they were going to be taken to moscow . 
  obviously this changed which might mean that they are trying to help as much as they can , which is a good thing . 
   i mean , what the hell was a passenger jet doing in a war zone when all other airlines have avoided it ? 
  and why was it another malaysian jet ? 
  co-incidences don ; t just happen ... not when war is involved . 
  it was still an open airline route , as long as they flew above 32,000 feet . 
  this flight was not alone in flying this route . 
  55 commercial airplanes flew that route that day : http://mashable.com/2014/07/18/ukraine-planes-conflict-zones/  oh . . by the way . . 
  it 's not the first time the ukrainian government has shot down a passenger jet in the crimea . . yep they fucked up during an exercise . 
  not sure they would do the same now , as the militia have no air support and the ukraine army already owns the sky . 
  come to think of it both russia and the us have downed airliners in the past , this does not affect the current situation edit : formatting, 
  they can choose , as long as they choose putin !, 
  um why would the us a war with russia ? 
  considering the states are very war weary after being at pretty much since 2001 i doing they would want yet another one . 
  not to mention the incredible risk for ww3 ... 
  that comments sounds like those peculiar users that funnily enough popped up at the beginning of this crisis . 
  they only comment on articles regarding this crisis as well . 
  its almost as it was their job ?!, 
  they 're all over guardian as well . 
  i know a few russian and all are pretty well versed in the art of discussing . 
  considering the separatists does n't have any presence in the air i would doubt it . 
  also when looking at all removed ( but saved ) messages they tweeted and what not that they shot down another plane it certainly looks like its them . 
  it has cost around ~ 5-6 million squids iirc . 
  apparently uk wants sweden to take on this cost . 
  source ( in swedish ) : http://www.dn.se/nyheter/sverige/1-336-dagar-assanges-flykt-kan-ta-slut-i-dag/, 
  the firebombing of tokyo killed between 80,000-200 ,000 . 
  i do n't see people up in arms over that . 
  the bombs were horrible , but it was war . 
  and the nukes made a land invasion unnecessary , now that probably saved more live than anything . 
  well , the football home nations are allowed to play under their own flag so i can not see why not ? 
  they really ought to get an upgrade . 
  reindeer meat in sweden was certainly too contaminated to eat . 
  also , the exclusion zone was indeed 30 km , but the contaminated area was far greater . 
  http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=2054&amp;artikel=4468603 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/effects_of_the_chernobyl_disaster, 
  its 30 km * now * . 
  back then there was a big fuck-off cloud of badness drifting around . 
  there 's a reason why they said you should not eat mushrooms , berries etc in northeast sweden after the accident . 
  i can only imagine that it was worse eastwards . 
  also , ussr kept on occupying the nations east of germany ( and of course a part of germany itself ) . 
  i suppose that linger on peoples mind when they think of who to call liberator ... 
  ... out of compassion for the poor workers who ca n't go on holiday abroad . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  many europeans * do * feel threatened . 
  i , for one , do and i 'm very happy for nato . 
  as a swede i must say the sooner we join nato the better . 
  strips ? 
  that must be a newish thing ? 
  you got my vote !, 
  belgian fries is where its at . 
  with mayo , of course ... 
  well ... sort of ... 
  if anyone can do it , its the dutch . 
  they dam this shit up in their sleep . 
  source : expat in amsterdam, 
  just get the dutch to sort it . 
  they 're got at building dams , no sweat . 
  beautiful , in a kind of weird , melancholic way ... 
  i live in a fairly muslim-y area of amsterdam ( de baarsjes ) and i have fuck-all problem with them . 
  if anything they keep some of the kids from committing petty crime . 
  i think the news severely exaggerates things . 
  you monster . 
  god forgive us for what we are about to do ... 
   are you kidding me ? 
  they had their own fair share of * firsts * during the space race . 
  perhaps more notable is that almost all manned launches nowadays ( with the exception of the few chinese launches with shenzhou ) are done using soyuz spacecraft correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't that craft based on soyuz ? 
  the new generation of subs are supposed to be quite nice iirc, 
  we got your back !, 
  just like last time !, 
  we swedes would write several strongly worded letters if russia tried anything . 
  mark my words . 
  not only russia . 
  in the netherlands as well !, 
  quite nice and sunny out today , trees in blossom , etc. 
  oh , it will be fine ... 
  indeed we are . 
  and yes i agree that we should probably be more appreciative of living under nato protection . 
  i do believe ( hope ? ), 
  most people realise this though and that the people complaining are a vocal minority, 
  the way you phrased it sounded like the people of europe going out on the streets , demanding actions by nato in some kind of spoiled brat kind of way . 
  now it 's nato 's own members asking for a meeting , which makes perfect sense in light of recent events . 
  what do you mean ? 
  they called for an emergency meeting , as a nation part of nato can do . 
  actually i believe lithuania and poland are very * pro * - nato , after being forced to live with the ussr in the past . 
  you go for it norway !, 
  we got your back covered , honest !, 
  they also want to guarantee their naval base on crim,
