  actually its the swedish word for ` king ' spelt wrong , of should be ` kung ' in swedish . . 
  the swedish king is dyslectic and famously used to misplace the u and the n at times . 
  ... like a boss ... 
  someone should tell usa so they stop pestering iran just because they 're trying to build nukes . 
  hey , just look at all those putin action man shots . 
  there 's some homoerotic shit if i 've seen any, 
  if you wan na impress the ladies/boys it 's the only one note to use, 
  . . in our butt . 
  im up for it . 
  i live i 'm west amsterdam . 
  apparently we got heavy metal and other goodies in our soil in the garden due to old factory from back in the day . 
  strong ally ? 
  how about turkey and egypt ? 
  using firefox will keep their market share up and with that hopefully all money mozilla gets from search providers ( eg . 
  without that they 're in trouble, 
  all this reminds me of that somali pirate who were lured to brussels airport with promised of a movie deal ... 
  yup , my colleague used to work in s coffeeshop when he was younger . 
  he said you always worked quickly and discreetly when filling up the stock . 
  alas , it 's not , to quote wikipedia : `` cannabis remains a controlled substance in the netherlands and both possession and production for personal use are still misdemeanors , punishable by fines . 
  coffee shops are also technically illegal but are flourishing nonetheless . 
  however , a policy of non-enforcement has led to a situation where reliance upon non-enforcement has become common , and because of this the courts have ruled against the government when individual cases were prosecuted . 
  this is because the dutch ministry of justice applies a gedoogbeleid ( tolerance policy ) with regard to the category `` soft drugs '' : an official set of guidelines telling public prosecutors under which circumstances offenders should not be prosecuted . 
  this is a more official version of a common practice in other european countries wherin law enforcement sets priorities regarding offenses on which it is important enough to spend limited resources . '', 
  sauce : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drug_policy_of_the_netherlands#non-enforcement, 
  weed is actually not legal . 
  it 's just tolerated , whatever that means ... 
  this time its england 's turn . 
  i can feel it ... really ... 
  also , its usually a bloody good party . 
  ... that is what iain duncan smith would say , cause he knows , honest !, 
  oooh , just reheat it a bit and its as good as new . 
  your opinion has been noted and reported to the appropriate authorities . 
  have a nice day . 
  ... and the moomins ... 
  the hoover dam springs to mind ... 
  i fail to follow their explanation that the admittedly large italian inderground economy would push up the tax rate for the people who do pay tax ? 
  they themselves states that the total taxburden is 45.1 % anyway , as a swede i must admit numbers in the 50 - 60 % seem quite normal, 
  well , the [ numbers from 2012 does n't look too bad either ] ( http://www.worldwide-tax.com/italy/italy_tax.asp ), 
  looking at [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tax_rates ) , it seems italy 's tax burden is n't too bad . 
  saved , cheers !, 
  * singing along * it 's so damn catchy !, 
  i think it 's 4 or more zeros . 
  it was a pisstake on the suggested government campaign . 
  they were making fun of them and of britain itself , not the romanians, 
  ok , sending her over as we speak ... 
  then you need minced meat , bread crumbs , parseley , onions , an egg , maybe a finely chopped red chili to spice it all up a bit , season to taste, 
  we got a a spare princess iirc ... 
  i prefer the word ` profound ' myself, 
  if you want to make an omelette you have to break some eggs . 
  ... and how do you get rid of one from the house of lords ? 
  afaik they are there for life . 
  let 's not talk about this ... 
  rubbish , i had a few mates from iraq and iran when in uni in sweden ( kth ) . 
  the struggle they had to even secure an interview for a job while the rest of us had no such problem was shameful . 
  there 's a lot of hidden racism in sweden . 
  we like to pat ourselves on our backs and think we 're so frikkin great but that 's just not true . 
  the gulf stream does wonders for our ( europe ) climate though . 
  yeah , and islam got really a strong opinion when it comes to football . 
  wtf ? 
  how is this religion even remotely related to this incident ? 
  not sure why you get downvoted , but you\u0155e right , people had ` xmas ' trees way before christ . 
  do n't forget to collect all your citizens all over europe when you leave . 
  well , surely only if they are citizens of a country within schengen . 
  which they are n't, 
  considering taiwan is under the us nuclear umbrella i 'd consider the us caring quite a bit, 
  i doubt he had a license for that rifle, 
  we 're quite a bit from any war with russia . 
  this is nothing like the cold war back in the day . 
  irish butter is bloody delicious ... 
  erm , a pentium 2 and arm are two very different things , from an architectural point of view . 
  a blockage would be an act of war and turkey 's armed forces are nothing to scoff at . 
  the dutch bike lanes did not come out of nothing . 
  it was an orchestrated effort by the gov to do this . 
  well , it 's sort of our mess to sort out, 
  remember , it 's not gay as long as it 's putin . 
  hmm this is actually a great idea . 
  let 's try next year !, 
  why ca n't they bomb their own population ? 
  russia seemed to think actions like that were fine when bombing chechnya back to stone age . 
  their new tank is supposed to be top of class iirc . 
  erm , we should join nato so we * do n't * have to shoot any ` ruskies ', 
  this is not a fishing boat . 
  and * 4 * times . 
  looks like bullying to me . 
  well keep it up . 
  the more shit russia pulls the quicker we join nato, 
  i actually agree . 
  as long as all paper etc ate ok let them through and do n't make a big deal of it . 
  make it a non event . 
  they want the drama and the press and right now were giving it to them . 
  aha , the same guy who did the crazy cat animation !? 
  yes , remember this funny video doing the rounds : live lhc webcam ( cern ) : https://youtu.be/9jykmhq9gf8, 
  yes of course , somehow we got to get out of that stalemate , bit it will always be a risk while doing so . 
    because nato missile defense system evolved from a defensive to an offensive system  no , a system that destroyes incoming missiles is by definition a defensive system . 
  while i 'm no fan of russia i can see why this worries them . 
  the mad doctrine supposed that any attack would be followed by a retaritory attack , rendering any wins from attacking first impossible . 
  now suddenly nato has the ability to attack and possibly defend against any counterstrike . 
  thus in russia 's eyes they could attack and win if tyhery wanted . 
  now the balance is shifted . 
  maybe there west wo n't attack now but in who knows what the future bears ?
