  yes , clearly america wants a weak european economy to threaten the world 's prosperity engine even further , especially so weak that they ca n't buy all these american iphones and products they have for sale . 
  americans love losing their jobs and homes and recessions just so one teenager from croatia can show they are full of spite . 
  economically weak does n't mean that europe isn ; t a lucrative consumer market . 
  in fact europe was the us 's best market when the european economy was destroyed . 
   teenager that is where you are wrong champ . 
   also , the whole ` americans are ignorant ' thing is such transparently trite bullshit to make yourself have a false sense of superiority , when europeans can name very few states in the middle of the map of the united states . 
  i didn ; t say they are ignorant , there is a disparity between the average education of an american versus a european . 
  national geographic stats showed this , just compare how many europeans speak second , third or even fourth language . 
  the vast majority of americans are monolingual . 
  as for the states , who cares ? 
  they are individuals jusridictions within a nation state . 
  i wouldn ; t say someone is ignorant for that . 
  they could at least know where he countries are where they are going to war ... afghanistan isn ; t hard , its next to pakistan , which is next to india , which is next to the big blue body of water . 
  not the same thing as finding wisconsin . 
   why are croatians so ignorant of geography ? 
  there are tens of millions more people in those states than in many europeans states , and economies magnitudes upon magnitudes larger . 
  by your reasoning , much of the united states is much more important than croatia . 
  yeah if that is your logic , but that is silly . 
  kansas does n't have its own foreign policy . 
  potato production in idaho is n't key in european state foreign policies . 
  you 're argument is moot . 
   why ca n't europeans name them ? 
  they must be stupid and ignorant said no american ever . 
  text book argument ad nauseam . 
  you 've tried to make the ams point at least three times . 
  well again because croatia isn ; t some hot spot centre that people have to worry about and as data shows americans are willfully ignorant of world geography . 
   the fact that what 's being done to them is plain wrong ; and it does n't mean we 're justified in just turning a blind eye . 
  we were not debating right and wrong , and talking about right and wrong in international relations utterly misses the point . 
  we were talking about importance . 
   the snap elections were a paty of the deal , but yanukovych refiused to sign it and just fled the country at night even western constitutional experts question who kosher his removal from government was . 
  it was n't a coup , but it sure was n't done right . 
   what east ukrainian narrative ? 
  you 're talking about kremlin propaganda i guess and simply russians or `` soviet '' orphans dreaming about collapse of ukraine , it 's annexation or partitions with poland regardless of what you call it , what happened at maiden played into that propaganda flawlessly . 
   they shelled their own lines from their own territory ( over finnish `` peninsular territory '' ) and claimed that finland was invading stalin 's soviet union . 
  i wil have to rad more about this , i did not know this . 
  regardless they got destroyed by the finns . 
   still a gross crime against international law . 
  and if only hitler was the goal , then why did they murder tens or hundreds of thousands of locals ? 
  well sometimes a country must do what it must ... as for the killing well yeah that was just them being them . 
  can ; t excuse or defend that bit . 
  wholesale slaughter of polish intelligentsia , officer class , etc. 
   spare me these kremlin fairy tales , there were no promises , but some chit chat on a party and it 's not kremlin business what kind of foreign politics and military aliance we have . 
  oh yeah , this is the kind of thing you discussed at the weekly gorbachev-reagan cocktail parties . 
  you 're story bankrupt of truth . 
  well technically it is nobody 's business what a sovereign state does , but we all know that really isn ; t the case . 
  principle powers have spheres of influence , it has been this way since the beginning and countries clash when their sphere is disturbed . 
  notice how butt hut the us was when cuba went communist , and the terrible regimes it backed up to fight communism in south america . 
  it wanted to defend its sphere of influence at all costs . 
  its unfortunate that poland is in that situation but ` lo it is inescapable for a medium or small country . 
  at the time , russia was no principle , it was an utter shell , but its been 20 years and moscow wants to sit at the big boys table again . 
   if moscow would be able to take care of its puppets then ukraine would n't be the second poorest country in europe and maybe then people would n't rebel . 
  why are you blaming russia for ukraine 's poverty ? 
  what russian policy made ukraine poor ? 
  you don ; t think pro-russian and anti-russian oligarchs have nothing to do with this ? 
   i have a master 's degree in law and a bachelor 's degree in politology with both emphasizing on international law and international relations . 
  now are you actually going to tell me that the soviet union did not use the nazi demise as their own expansionist policy over nations that did n't want to fall victim to russian expansion ? 
  i was talking 1812 . 
  in the case of 1945 you are definitely correct . 
  its no coincidence the reabsorbed for territories of the russian empire . 
   invading poland and finland in 1939 and estonia , latvia , lithuania and romania in 1940 . 
  i don ; t know too much about the pretext of finland but poland was for sure in preparation for imminent war with hitler . 
  mainstream history agree that both hitler and stalin knew they would clash , but the time was not right for neither . 
   lol , they took what they could to enlarge their own hegemony . 
  if you actually studied this . . 
  in a western institution i might add this wouldn ; t be the case . 
  just read about the congress of europe system that was established and come back to me . 
  otherwise live in your in nightmare russia fantasy . 
   they were far worse , they kept tallinn , riga , vilnius , warsaw , prague , bratislava , budapest , bucharest , chisinau and sofia , and half of berlin . 
  well a good chunk of those countries invaded them in 1941 as part of the axis force ... 
  i sure would have complained as a bulgarian or a hungarian because it sucked to live under moscow 's rule after 1945 . 
  i can sympathize with that . 
  but what would you have done as moscow ? 
   oh for f. . . sake , nobody except you was talking about expansion . 
  understood ? 
  you said earlier however '' [ ... ] relations with russia and reaction to its politics is most of all concern of our security [ ... ] '' why would russia be a security threat to you . 
   the game changed when their puppet president gave up and appointed opposition gov of yatsenyuk , so he was ordered to flee and the narration of a `` nazi coup '' was made up to discredit the legal ukrainian authorities , its sovereignty and territorial integrity of the whole country . 
  you can call him what you want , but he was still the legitimate president and removing him like that opened the pandora 's box . 
  the government that replaced him wasn ; t nazi , but hey guess what ? 
  it fit the east ukranian narrative and it fed the flames of war . 
  if they waited for the next election , or called for a snap election , maybe thing would have been different ? 
  ukraine has always been country of swing votes . 
  no doubt the opposition would have won . 
  but nope , the war benefits countries other than ukraine , so it happened . 
   why should we support a hostile and dangerous foreign country instead of eu member states ? 
  just because some bangladesh or russia has no health or work standards it does n't mean that we have to outsource all of the production there and pay them for their arms race so they could threten us . 
  no one wants to be hostile germans want to do business with russia , france , etc. 
  you also give russia very little credit . 
  sure its not at the level of european society , especially civil society , but its proven to be lucrative for western investment . 
  they used to say the same things about you poles . 
  well whoops , but i also found an article from die welt and the original data is from an austrian institution . 
  i will make sure not to cite global research ever again . 
  i always thought . org type sites to be pretty safe . 
   you have a weird understanding of the word `` normal '' . 
  their hegemony was just as bad or even worse than the german or french hegemony . 
  you just have subjective reasons to not see it as bad . 
  not even close , they reestablished a balance of power in both cases . 
  if they were a hegemony as bad as napoleon 's france in 1814 , they would have kept paris and everything else they passed through while pushing napoleon back . 
  you ; re not even making sense . 
   for us there is no question , the soviets were far worse than the nazis . 
  over the backs of the rest of europe .
