  ottoman cannons ca n't break byzantine walls !, 
  1453 was an inside job !, 
  also fun fact , the last byzantine emperor of who died defending constantinople was a direct descendant of the serbian nemanji\u0107 dynasty through his mother . 
   nope , it 's just a serbian politicking/game where they want to equalize croatian nation with the nazi ustasha movement the way the republic of serbia officials equalized serbian nation with the chetnik movement after they pronounced those fascists to be the member of antifascist movement . 
  well its fair game since serbs can be called `` chetniks '' for wanting greater serbia and committing atrocities against bosniaks and croats . 
   very nice piece of commie ( or chetnik 's , dunno for sure ... ) brainfucking , thank you . 
  this book is written by a western woman , who is mainstream and critically acclaimed . 
  she works for canadian state media . 
  neither communist or chetnik . 
  she could in fact care less about our balkan bullshit . 
  that is why i cite her , because citing serbian or croat facts is futile , its hopelessly biased . 
  that said , calling it commie / chetnik is the classic croatian nationalist cop out for anything they do n't like . 
  its a problem in all of the balkans . 
  croats blame the serbs , and commies , serbs blame the croats , muslims , commies and jews and the west , bosniaks blame the serbs and the croats . 
  the list goes on . 
  funny how we 're supposedly christian nations but can never say `` gospodi , pomiluj nas gre\u0161ni '' and always blame the other and never loo at ourselves as the problem . 
  i think a lot of the balakns ' problems could be solved that way . 
  but lo ' we 're forever stuck in our dinaric-tribal fight , pawns of the rest of the world . 
   there were no ustashas its derogatory term to harken back to the atrocities committed in the name of greater croatia during wwii . 
   but , those guys had made no war crimes and all of them assimilated through 1992 . and 1993 . 
  ( iirc before those events you mentioned ) into united croatian army led by a nob 's ( people 's liberation struggle ) war general . 
  utterly untrue . 
  they and the serbs disrespected the french troops in the medak pocket and kept fighting . 
  the croats actually engaged with the canadian forces . 
  fired small arms fire and mortars on their positions . 
  there were in fact massacres and this is confirmed by western sources . 
  you can ; t access the full book online , but here is a sample . 
  she is a world renewed and well respected canadian journalist who did a lot of reporting and research during the disintegration of yugoslavia https://books.google.ca/books?id=nygxsqwguccc&amp;pg=pa147&amp;lpg=pa147&amp;dq=carol+off'+gospi\u0107+massacre&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=qiqbtsdu-2&amp;sig=_rdhjqb4zlyijmxshkty7ncjh_g&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjdrjnx1v_mahui6ymkhbqbbmuq6aeijzac#v=onepage&amp;q=carol%20off'%20gospi\u0107%20massacre&amp;f=false, 
  that was a shitty war and no point in bringing it up , especially since the usta\u0161e did such a good job of ethnically cleansing the area around gospi\u0107 . 
  they were smart though , burnt the bodies rather than buried them . 
  even got away with shooting at canadian soldiers . 
  on another note , those areas were within the republic of croatia 's borders and within the historical territory of the triune kingdom and had a croatian population alongside the serbs . 
  something you can not claim about the montenegrin coast . 
  it was never croatia 's or croats ' to lose . 
  except that its not was not ruled by the croatian diet and there isn ; t a historically large enough croatian population on the montenegrin coast to make a croatian claim . 
  i always found that silly . 
  its letting them win :-) we must always remind that that they are not alone on their own land  :d, 
  of course , it was controlled by a government that answered to vienna . 
  this is why the partizan movement was so popular in dalmatia . 
  when the croats in dalmatia learned they were ceded to italy they said `` fuck that noise . '', 
  if you travel the islands who will see many statues with many names of fallen dalmatian partizans . 
   kind of reasoning i could contribute to with the fact that no square miles had been croatia before 1991 . 
  except modern croatia 's borders approximate to the three regions of dalmatia , old croatia and slavonia which were united in the triune kingdom and was recognized as a `` horvat '' that is croatian state . 
  it was overtaken by the hungarians , then austrian , but it existed legally none the less within the realm of the austrian empire . 
  it had its own `` diet '' we call it `` sabor '' of nobles who answered to vienna . 
  so historically the pre-1991 croatia as it is today had massive historical precedence . 
  something none existent for any croatian claim of montenegrin coast line . 
  of course they did . 
  how could it possibly be croatian ? 
  it was held by venice for centuries , then by the austrian empire , then the french for a brief period . 
  it was everyone but croatia . 
  note that i am talking about the coast of montenegro . 
  there was also the rule by a serbian dynasty and then later a theocratic state that morphed into the later kingdom . 
  there was also of course the ottoman presence . 
  but that was not the coast . 
  then it became an dependent montenegrin state at the beginning of the 20th century , then incorporated through the various yugoslavia 's then serbia and now independent . 
  where in the world does croatia fit ? 
  i guess they are just orthodox croats as well ? 
  i know you meant the coast , but that is still wrong and you 're being unnecessarily rude . 
   i do n't think dubrovnik is very cosmopolitan , it 's less than zagreb for sure . 
  it was in the past for sure . 
  it was a major trading port . 
   no chance of a singapore on the adriatic , the real singapore is a port with tons of shipping passing through every day . 
  dubrovnik is not that . 
  i don ; t if it could be exactly like singapore , but i think in as much as it could have been a city state and that it specialized in some high level business stuff . 
  financial services , banking etc. 
  now its just the cut off tail of croatia and a tourist hot spot . 
  again this is a personal fantasy , not saying its exactly viable . 
  he is thinking of istria , rome treaty was bye-bye dalmacija, 
  i 'm a serb from croatia , we 're also very degenerate with all that turbofolk . 
   yes , but at the same time croatia `` lost '' its southern part of the coast ( now montenegro ) and fair amount of srijem ( now vojvodina-serbia ) . 
  croatia has absolutely no claim on montenegro , not even historical . 
  that is a revisionist pipe dream to be honest i would have liked to have seen an independent dubrovnik . 
  its as much orthodox as it was catholic and i would actually neither because it so cosmopolitan . 
  it should have been the singapore of the adriatic . 
   this is the most usual mistake ( or in some cases - not in yours i believe - an agenda ) : nazi/fascist croatia was established in 1941 . and those territories had been lost in 1920 . 
  he gave more up . 
  that is just istria and surrounding islands . 
  the whole coast went to italy in 1941, 
   what a swell guy tito was !, 
  sooo much better than the very fascists he was fighting against . 
  everyone did population exchanges , it was considered a legitimate means establishing stability in the region . 
  to compare tito 's expulsion of italians to facism is absurd . 
   but so did the partisans what executing those who committed organized killings of jews , roma , serbs , homosexuals , etc ? 
  no it would n't , not over night . 
  however their presence in the country is a conduit between serbia and the arabian peninsula whose influence we do not want . 
  it 's not like they will build a tower and as you said it will be wahabbi hq . 
  it 's less direct and more subtle . 
  some of this stuff can be cringe , but he is a man to be admired . 
  even if you do n't like him personally we can not ignore thattito made modern croatia 's borders . 
  if it was n't for his efforts a lot of croatia 's beautiful coast may not have even been part of croatia today . 
  for example the peninsula of istra ( istria ) were italian . 
  also facist croatia ceded much of the islands to facist italy , an utter shame . 
  the ports , the tourism , this is huge for modern croatia . 
  d e g e n e r a c y, 
  i do disagree with the idea that these visible scars should be left , however belgrade should be rebuilt for serbs , by serbs . 
  that is impossible however because the government can ; t even muster the resources to maintain that which was built during tito 's yugoslavia let alone rebuild or add new infrastructure . 
  i don ; t care where those sheiks got their money , its bad money either way you cut it . 
   the $ 3billion investment from the emirati sheiks don ; t want that money , don ; t want that influence . 
  they 've already done enough damage in bosnia and kosovo .
