  someone used automatic translator to post there from ukrainian side . 
  considering how similar the verbs are , could n't it have been an honest grammar mistake ? 
   most posts on that site from russia . 
  about 5 times more than from ukrainian . 
  well it is a russian site and seems to be a russian initiative . 
  not to mention that there are just more russian than ukrainians . 
  that said , it would be better to see more ukrainians ... this looks like a reluctant hug from the big bear neighbour . 
  semi-unconsentual . 
   it uses pre-moderation . 
  so it just represents moderator 's view . 
  considering the topic , would n't ti be fair that you have a moderator ? 
  a site like his could easily be easily brigaded by haters and it would n't make sense to leave it up there . 
  you make it sound like moderating is malicious inherently . 
   up to that point no bulgarian military unit saw action within any front and we kept diplomatic channels with the ussr open . 
  why are you lying . 
  bulgaria occupied parts of the kingdom of yugoslavia , namely macedonia and parts of southern serbia , which has a more bulgarian like dialect . '', 
  the cccp was steam rolling across europe , do you really think they would play nice with axis sympathizers ? 
  why is pan slavism on any level dirty ? 
  i mean , great britain still has the commonwealth of states . 
  sure they do n't control them , but these countries still associate off a colonial legacy that saw much subjugation and death . 
  the anglosphere is like an informal commonwealth , english speaking states associate and may not feel `` brotherely '' but they are definitely cordial and on the same side . 
  they are all in nato and support the u.s. operations at least logistically if not offering troops . 
  this has been true from the first gulf war to afghanistan . 
  nobody gives a damn that the ile-ded-france in the revolution subjugated other cultures and languages to near extinction and that only austria was spared from the pan-german identity while everything else got wiped out . 
  pan slavism definitely has a history of being associated with russian imperialism , but do n't try and associate people seeing similarities rather than differences as filthy pan slavism . 
  because of my mixed blood , and the balkans wars with these little shitty nationalistic psuedo-states which more and more are becoming protectorates ( slovenia outsourced coast defence to italy , croatia will have to outsource air defence ) . 
  i 'm not saying that croatian , serbian , slovenian , etc are not distinct peoples and cultures , but damn would it be better if they saw more similarities rather than petty differences and worked together instead of getting trodden on ... 
  imposed itself on montenegro ? 
  it would n't be around if it was n't for russia . 
  modest material support considering the vast distance and belive it or not the lack of sea access ( foreign powers usually held the coast , it 's why what is now kotor was called cattaro ) . 
  however the montenegrin state got huge financial support from russia which is a big deal considering how poor the country was . 
  well it mostly tends to be psalters , prayers books , liturgical books and hagiographies ( lives of saints ) . 
  however , if you 're not against reading that kind of thing ( someone i know taking ocs at university , their class is going through a gospel ) http://pomog.org/bible-church-slavonic/ this is church slavonic , so a little different , but this is a good resource to get it down , as its clear to read and easy to reference with an equivalent text in english . 
  http://www.biblical-data.org/ocs/ocs_info.pdf interesting little article on ocs . 
  probably the most comprehensive way to go about it would be to get one of the books on old church slavonic , learn the grammar , etc. 
  personally , i just learned the alphabet and started reading . 
  i 'm also orthodox christian and church slavonic is one of the liturgical languages . 
  i 've mostly learned that way , just using it when reading psalms and prayers . 
  as for the interslavic languages , i find them supremely fascinating and fun to read . 
  church slavonic in some capacity still has that function . 
  an orthodox serb who knows the lord 's prayer in churn slavonic ( many still do ) and other things can easily attend liturgy in russia or ukraine . 
  its quite neat . 
  well they did use `` psychology '' in the soviet union to diagnose the supposedly mentally ill people who did n't believe in `` communist paradise '' or were clinging to their `` superstitious beliefs . '', 
  the only reason i have any clue of kajkavian is the slang i learned from my cousins in zagreb and learning russian and old church slavonic which gave me some other slavic words to play with . 
  if i did n't have that , i would barely understand it . 
  bosnian and montenegrin however ... like bosnian literally takes 50/50 from standardized serbian and croatian , while montenegrin takes a highland accent and turns it into a language , whose characteristics are not even unique to self-identified montenegrins . 
  not to mention a good chunk in the north east speak a completely different dialect . 
  well croatian was at least the original one which is exclusively in latin alphabet . 
  trouble is serbs use latin as well . 
  my personal take on the name issue is that its a little confusing and ridiculous that every single time a new statelet shows up , it needs its own language . 
  i mean , we could have vojvodian in the future , who knows what else . 
  its really a case of these artificial identities being so wobbly they have to draw arbitrary and often inaccurate lines to make themselves , attest in some capacity legit . 
  it would be way better to call the language \u0161tokavian ( because thats what it is ) and refer to the stander dialects of countries . 
  the issue , especially in croatia is that calling the standardized '' \u0161tokavski '' croatian , is that it marginalizes other dialects . 
  in short , if bosnian and montenegrin are languages , then so are dalmatian and `` old croatian , \u010dokavica and kajkavski respectively . 
  would it confuse someone if i said it ? 
  or would i out myself as a schismatic , eastern untermensch ? 
  i mean nizozemska and in serbian news . 
  i 'm croatian citizen , live elsewhere , and technically ethnically serb i guess , and i read newspaper from all over the ex-sfrj so i guess my speaking / writing reflects that . 
  its fair to learn the specific vocabulary for each . 
  people who learn english have to encounter a lot of that . 
  vlak versus voz , soda versus pop . 
  i always see it in the news . 
  but in plain speak people use either . 
  its actually a lot like in english . 
  people say `` holland '' all the time , but formally its the `` netherlands '', 
  no he mentioned serbian already . 
  i did n't realize a difference !, 
  i say both , whatever comes to mind really . 
  but yeah , as a rule standard croatian prefers slavic root equivalents , while serbian does n't mind loan words . 
  bosnian , not sure , seems to be a mix , whatever makes them different and contrarian . 
   russia is a huge ass country with huge ass potential , with almost 150 mil people and they ca n't compete with the benelux countries in wealth . 
  and they want to be called a great power . 
  with a fleet weaker than italy 's , an economy based on selling stuff they dig from the earth and a military based on imported western tech and the remnants of soviet legacy from 30 years ago . 
  historical context . 
  western europe had a head start in industrialization , and all sorts of advantages . 
  putin is n't necessarily helping russia prosper , but to compare the two isn ; t really fair . 
  you have to be careful with it , its not totally discredited objectively , but lots just write it off as the kremlin propaganda rag . 
  they can be sensationalist , and obviously pro-russian , but they 've been the first to report some things when it suits their image . 
  fore example last fall they were already reporting pepper spray and other self-defence gear flying off the shelves in german stores ... cross reference that with google trends and with articles that came out more recently ... you 'll see they were n't lying . 
  just as with any news source , cross reference and use sparingly because everyone is full of shit . 
  you can back right up son . 
  armenia has a unique and one of the oldest alphabets . 
  they 're also a family oriented , traditional culture . 
  obviously better than your nation because you 're too afraid show it , or your country does n't have one . 
   your cheeky response goes right past the topic . 
  we were discussing a statement by the police here , about recommendations for public safety . 
  did he say anywhere that those victims asked for it ? 
  did i say it anywhere ? 
  you just made this statement up and you 're arguing for nothing . 
  you can interpret rain as being god pissing down on us , just because you want to believe that it does n't make it true . 
  very well then . 
  he said that `` women should not go out on the streets alone . '', 
  which is preposterous that an adult woman should be expected to either stay in or be escorted everywhere or be part of a pack like some herd animal . 
  what if she works late and has to get home alone via public transit or walking ? 
   they ca n't take responsibility for the mistakes people would do if they used this product in a way that leads them to harm . 
  so they do n't recommend it . 
  which is exactly what i said . 
  you 're arguing with yourself again . 
  also , til that abortion is indirectly encouraged because it is legal .
