  they endanger all of the balkans and all of europe . 
  canada really repressed what happened there because not to far back , canadian troops hit some snags in a mission in somalia and action in foreign countries was not so popular . 
  is was pretty hush hush until the end of the decade basically . 
  they saw a lot of things there ... carol off 's book that is cited in wikipedia is a really good book on the subject . 
  she has a lot of good stuff on the balkans, 
  i don ; t think romania is a threat to russian at all . 
  i just don ; t think they are a blameless victim considering their belligerence in wwii . 
  that is such an oversimplified reading of catholic dogma that it is actually wrong . 
  the end of europe as we know it . 
  you 've obviously gone off the cultural deep end . 
  really no point in explaining the difference . 
  especially since sexuality has in no way been scientifically proven to be like race , yet people keep pushing their beliefs with that claim . 
  exactly , except try having this conversation in public and yo will see the problem, 
  not even remotely the same thing . 
  that is just plain intolerant . 
  how does objecting to it limit peoples ' freedom ? 
  they can do whatever they want regardless of what people think of them . 
  okay , its still not all of them and it does n't disprove my point ... 
  i mean there are probably catholics who are natives to western europe who disagree with gay marriage , but they are not violent against gay people . 
  again , differing opinions can exist . 
  being different than your parents is always hard . 
  oh it totally is a joke of a state . 
  its just its new now and thats why its still funny . 
  there of tons of other ones in history its just with time they become more legitimate . 
  i mean panama was made in a hotel room in new york ... 
  show me the pogroms . 
  gay people live just fine in western europe . 
  i just find it odd how we talk of openness and multiculturalism and being anti-colonial , not talking down to other people . 
  then we turn around 180 degrees and assimilate and wag our finger at people . 
  its just ironic . 
  they do n't advocate true tolerance of opinions . 
  they say that they don ; t tolerate the intolerant , but i don ; t see intolerance . 
  just different opinions . 
  there isn ; t any systematic oppression of gay people by these minorities . 
  they just believe differently and wish to live differently . 
  exactly . 
  race and sexuality are on no way on an equal footing . 
   the usa has bases all around the world . 
  camp bondsteel is n't something new . 
  they have bases all around europe . 
  just because its a repeat of a usual trend does n't justify it . 
  the ones in europe for the most part were invited . 
  that is a key difference . 
   libya was justified and saved many thousands of lives . 
  that is utterly delusional . 
  its a literal war zone , an open border for migrants . 
  how did it possibly save lives ? 
  it destroyed a country and many lives . 
  you 're delusional if you think this is preferable to the middle east of the past . 
  millions have died because of theory and moral principle . 
   next you 'll be telling me that the besserabian landgrab back in the 19th century when a vassal state of the ottoman empire ( moldova ) was partitioned between the two in spite of the strong protests of the moldovan nobility never happened . 
  i thought we were talking about the soviet union rather than the russian empire no ? 
  you 'll be telling me that the ussr had nothing to do with creating the moldovan ssr after 1918 ` in exile ' on a territory never held by moldova , and constructing an alternative national identity . 
  you 'll be telling me that stalin was totally justified in giving romania an ultimatun to release besserabia . 
  ( our great ally hitler was no better , with his vienna diktat . ), 
  had he not done that , perhaps romania would not have joined germany , that was a huge revanchist cassus beli . 
  still not apologizing for begin murderous fascists . 
  at least germany actually did that . 
  take responsibility for yourselves , seriously . 
   you 'll be telling me now that russian armed forces on the territory of romania had nothing to do with the crooked elections bringing the communists to power . 
  or the same soviet-based communists had nothing to do with forcing the king to abdicate at gunpoint in a coup d'etat . 
  this is true , but lets not forget that communism was a legitimate political movement at the time . 
  naturally we have this idea in our head that its this terrible thing , etc because we know history in the past . 
  a lot of people still had high hopes for it and saw it as the future . 
  yes moscow wanted a communist government , but a lot of people across the world supported it and a lot of people in the easter bloc did too . 
  maybe not a majority by any long shot , but this is typical great power behaviour when dealign with satellites and region in which they are involved . 
   or the fact that the shameful conference of yalta and its spheres of power agreements between churchill and stalin never happened . 
  oh yes such a shame , the great allied powers working together . 
  again i think it flew over your head that a ) the west couldn ; t do much about it because soviet boots were already on the ground b ) did they really care that much about a fascist satellite state ? 
   the romanian divergence happened well a decade and a half after ww2 ended , in spite of russia , not because of their oh-so-great benevolence . 
  i never said they were benevolent . 
  not one bit . 
  all you have to do is look at how they dealt with the hungarians or the czechs . 
  i 'm just refuting the whole `` yoke of moscow '' revision . 
   propagandist revisionist bs . 
  russia is a menace . 
  typically , when someone calls another rational legitimate state actor that is aggressive , but not to ally bats hit insane '' a menace '' that is a sign of propaganda . 
   i am half russian . 
  my ancestors were chased out of russia for religious reasons , old believers . 
  guess that russia has a habit of treating dissent ... fairly . 
  yep . 
  again we 're going way back . 
  i could talk about romanians enslaving roma and using them on their estates for hard and dangerous labour , but i am not . 
  the old believers are cool , but also just a mis informed minority . 
  they protested revisions to russian orthodox practice that corrected differences in russian practice when compared to the rest of the orthodox world . 
  i 'm not saying they were justified in begin oppressed , but they are an odd bunch with a really weird reason to be different . 
  not many of them left because they just became normal orthodox !, 
  no one annexed territory , but incurring on sovreingthy and bombing a country to smithereens and leaving it with no stability and no exit strategy isn ; t any more morally thankful . 
  libya , iraq . 
  also camp bond steel in kosovo was kind of uninvited . 
  sort of questionable when a country builds a massive military base in your country . 
  well it also does n't work when someone is n't begin tolerant of someone peacefully disagreeing . 
  are they killing gays ? 
  is there mass discrimination against gays ? 
  let them organize their lives who they want because they are letting others organize their lives the way they want . 
  it has everything to do with this culture . 
  you pretend to be accepting of other people , yet when they peacefully disagree you have a problem with it . 
  no one is being hurt , no one is begin rejected , its a disagreement of principles . 
  you don ; t believe in muhammed , he does . 
  is there a problem ?
