  i have seen asian orthodox priests for example who do n't have a beard , because they ca n't grow one . 
  does n't stop them from doing their job !, 
  they are not required to get married and technically speaking , they can not get married . 
  but a married man can become a priest . 
  orthodox take it seriously when they mean a husband and wife become one in marriage . 
  bishops were usually monks in the past , or they are widowed priests who became monks and then bishops . 
  yeah bishops as a rule are celibate . 
  it 's not dogmatic per say , but it 'd a strong tradition . 
  it was basically a necessity in the time when bishops served a geographical large area and had to be on the move . 
  now i guess it 's possible , but they are still very busy !, 
  we have altar servers , who help the priest celebrate the divine liturgy , but they are not as a rule boys or young men ( many are just middle aged men who like to help out ) . 
  and our priests are not perfect ( i mean they are human ) but orthodoxy never had a systemic child abuse scandal . 
  i 'm from the balkans !, 
  chances were one of my ancestors was enslaved by a person of colour , raped by a person of colour and they were most definitely oppressed by a person of colour !, 
  but people in north america connect me to the rascism of a culture that is n't even related to me !!, 
  and relevant places celebrate / mourn the events . 
  in russia there are many statues for individuals who stood up against the mongol rule . 
  many saints days are celebrated for saints who did the same , and the terrible legacy of the mongols and the bravery of the saints is recounted in sermons . 
  as you said though , this is culturally relevant to russia , i would n't expect sweden to make statues for these people and have sermons about them !, 
  edit : jao vidi down votes !, 
  well again i do n't know , i surely know the canadians attest to it happening ... 
  the only reason they would lie about it would be to say in 1999 `` look at how shitty these balkan people are . 
  no more peace keeping , just bomb them to surrender . '', 
  however the mission was n't really talked about at that point . 
  as for the war crimes not sure if that 's fair ... 
  i mean sure attacking armed forces , but the canadians found burnt villages with desecrated bodies of old people . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cshsa4f_mhk kaj to kazes ? 
  even then , depends on the region . 
  i could tell a dalmatian like no one 's business , same with someone with a kajkavian accent . 
  however if they are dinaric croats from lika or bosnian croats it would be a a lot harder . 
  same with serbs ... really depends on the intensity of the dialect and who they learned the language . 
  the more exposure you have , the more ambitious your dialect becomes . 
  in short people hate me . 
  never croat or serbian enough . 
  oh it happened ... where was he stationed this ? 
  this happened in the medak pocket . 
  as well , it was kept pretty quiet . 
  no one punished them because it was truly self defense . 
  however , canada just before that had a failed peace keeping mission in somalia so at least in canada , the story was kept very very quiet for about 10 years . 
  tko me jebe s ovim alternativnim accountom ? 
  yeah well , that 's war . 
  everyone lost a lot for little gain . 
   know of no books where the writer says `` bog vas kleo pogane vlasine , sta ce vlaska vjera medju vamp '' well no duh , it wasn ; t written in a south slavic language , it was written in arabic . 
   quran is not taught at any bosnian schools , except at religious studies . 
  what about the jizya my family had to pay and the blood tax !, 
  oh please , they read the koran as part of opening of the school day . 
   and fbih does n't have isis villages either . 
  or bosnia as a whole . 
  the salafi villages are in brcko district , maoca village . 
  oh nice technicality , as if `` brcko district '' is anything but a de fecto fbih canton made to cut up rs, 
   we do n't need weapons or massive monetary support . 
  nothing except nato 's promise to intervene if there is any war . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  you can ; t just `` join '' nato . 
  nato isn ; t just a club where you get your friends to join you if a bigger meaner country attacks you . 
  in order for nato to function you need to train with nato ( spending money on exercises ) to coordinate missions your army needs to be compatible with nato ( again buying equipment ) and when you are part of nato your troops will probably get dragged into a war that has nothing to do with their country ( see croat , czech , slovak troops in afghanistan ), 
  because the croats were shooting at them . 
  they were going to finish the job against the badly beaten krajina serb militias.did some bad stuff in between ... canadians could n't just watch, 
   let bosnia into nato and then hopes of separatism and territorial expansion will be dashed against the rocks and such rhetorics would stop . 
  do you realize the costs associated with this ? 
  look at my country and nato and how we have to get rid of perfectly fine equipment that we could defend our country with and now spend tons of money buying foreign equipment to match nato . 
  croatian army doesn ; t need fancy stuff to go fight in foreign wars , neither does bosnia . 
  even if they just entered nato it won ; t stop the country from imploding . 
  its another bandaid solution . 
  bosnia-herzegovina is fundementally flawed . 
   `` bog vas kleo pogani izrodi , sta ce turska vjera medju vama . . '' if i am not mistaken , this is taken out from gorski vijenac ... 
  it was written by a man who lived in a state totally surround by a global empire that treated christian serbs as second class citizens ? 
  what do you want ? 
  for him to congratulate muslim ? 
  now that said , i must agree the education system is horrendous in bosnia-herzegovina . 
  firstly in that it segregates kids and allows this kind of thing to be taught . 
  don ; t pin this just on the serbs though , it happens in all bih schools . 
  thanks to this sort of thing ' bih is just sowing the seeds of a future conflict in the new generation . 
  yeah but the things is , no one wants to fix bosnia-herzegovina . 
  it was doomed the minute someone had the idea of turning something that was historically an administrative district , into a state . 
  it functioned as an eyalet , it functioned as a banovina and it functioned as a republic in a federation , but right now bosnia will not work , with or without rs . 
  until people realize this , there is nothing to talk about . 
  canadians are the best ... 
  nothing happened on their watch , and in my country they actually opened fire against croat forces to keep the peace during a fragile cease-fire . 
   because doing so would only fuel the flames of ethnic hatred implying that the current situation is n't already doing so ... 
   but then again , if someone told me you were a russian shill i 'd probably believe them . 
  after all , reddit has had plenty of them and there do n't seem to really be many people in this thread disagreeing other than you . 
  after things like this are said , there is really no point going . 
  i could be spouting golden truth , but you ; ve made up your mind . 
  enjoy your night-mares and muscovite boogeyman . 
  edit : how do i know you 're not a shill ? 
  i 've had this account for longer than you . 
  you could just as easily be some state 's agent trying to `` curate '' the `` right '' opinions on reddit . 
  again as i have said to others , this argument is silly and is indicative of your inability to accept other 's opinion or malicious intent . 
   you mean things like `` article 50 will be triggered when your country gets attacked '' , right ? 
  after all , we ca n't believe it at face value . 
  that 's a treaty obligation not just a government statement . 
  apples and oranges . 
   you know what else was/is `` in the sphere of influence '' of moscow and historically has been ? 
  estonia . 
  so please , take your `` sphere of influence '' stuff elsewhere . 
  estonian territory was under russian rule for a long time . 
  so how does your argument not apply to estonia then as well ? 
  `` oh , estonia has just always been part of the sphere of influence or russia . 
  so it 's natural that russia would annex them . '',
