   there 's nothing important , not to mention that sanctions are n't about any tourism . 
  they might not sanction tourism , but tourism dropped . 
  would you travel to a country that has a hostile economic policy to yours ? 
  it is in the least not very patriotic . 
   again , how 's that related ? 
  have you ever heard about nato and warsaw pact ? 
  i guess you also have n't heard about how army was shooting to the protesting people in soviet `` liberated '' countries ... 
  the presence of america is good for europe , it holds the russians at bay and that 's why they whine . 
  just because you 're free to protest whatever it does n't mean that 's wise . 
  i get that its personal for you , but individual experience and emotion is irrelevant in global policies and the fact of the matter is that russia has always had a sphere and it wants its sphere . 
  nato promised the gorbachev government no nato expansion , then they turned their bad on russia and `` lol jks , we are expanding , you promised that to the soviets , not to you . '', 
  there is nothing to keep at bay , they don ; t want to occupy poland . 
  what would be the point in starting a war ? 
   oh , so now you 'll be resorting to etchnic profiling and insults to defend russia ... wtf are you talking about , how does the alleged `` paranoya '' explain reaction to the russian invasion ? 
  do n't worry about us , if moscow failed at brainwashing us then euro leftys have no chances . 
  its not ethnic profiling , the collective experience of the polish nation is without a doubt and understandably biased against russia . 
  it plays through in poland 's foreign policy , polish historiography and literally every pole i have ever spoken to . 
   our neigbour is not interested in mutually benefitial , positive relarions and we 're tierd of trying but most of all ukraine is also our neighbour and its security and stabilisation is also our interest . 
  belarus is your neighbour . 
  and fair enough , ukraine should be stable to and that is why euromaiden was a mistake . 
  the government they took down should have been removed , it was a terrible government that was rotten to the core . 
  however it was also a mistake to remove them in the way they did . 
   so because just you thinks that i 'm talking about expansion then i 'm paranoid ? 
  wtf are you talking about again ? 
  yes you are paranoid beacsue it makes no sense . 
  it would be an irrational move . 
   what russia does about ukraine except of supporting its puppet donbas junta ? 
  cut this crap and stop pretending that you do n't understand why the sanctions were imposed in the first place . 
  or if you 're not bright enough to connect actions with consequences then stop bothering me with your bullshit . 
  what russia is doing in ukraine isn ; t cool , but tis what any rational state would do when its competing for influence ion a country . 
  russia had influence in ukraine , it was going to lose it totally if it did n't do something drastic . 
  they didn ; t just randomly annex crimea . 
  they already had an agreement with ukraine . 
  when maiden started going down , the game changed . 
   loss of what ? 
  well up until the sanctions , europe was investing in russia , vw opened up an engine factory , for europe as well . 
  it makes sense . 
  russians are economically less well off , but decently educated so they are a cost effective work force for european companies . 
  when they stopped napoleon 's hegemony in europe and reestablished the balance of power that gave rise to nearly a century of relative stability and cooperation between the european powers . 
  when they stopped german hegemony alongside the other civilized nations of europe . 
  wait i forgot you might not agree with that last one since estonia collaborated . 
   what ? 
  you makes no sense and i can only repeat , if europe keeps appeasing russia then it will never back out and always exploit weakness . 
  again , the polish paranoia coming out . 
  russia is n't interested in expansion . 
  europeans are fearing russia while they have a problem literally walking into their countries from the south . 
  russia is actually doing something about that problem , yet the eu punishes them ...  i do n't care about putin popularity . 
  we have time and there 's no reason to hurry with renegotiating sanctions . 
  your loss . 
  for some reason i think an estonian would be a little biased in that regard and not so objective . 
  fair enough that you are . 
  but still . 
  you make the country sound like some rabid beast . 
  regardless of what the syrian arab army is accused of , the fact of the matter is its the only legitimate force in syria and its a combined force of shia muslims , sunni muslims , christians and everyone else in between . 
  the so called `` moderates '' my stupid government gave weapons to burn cartons of cigarettes because tobacco is `` haram '' and against the koran . 
  they also let sharia courts govern the regions the hold / capture . 
  its delusional to let any of these factions or isis win . 
  do these people want another libya ? 
  look how much good that has done for europe . 
  there wis no stability and legitimate state there that can stop migrants . 
  that was basically a suicidal move and now these guys want europe to make another suicidal move ... 
  says the guy from a country which gets its energy from russia . 
  what is the end game here ? 
   i 'm criticzing it for doing nothing else . 
  it has a hell of a foreign policy . 
  its smoking europe in the middle east . 
  europe 's policy makes zero sense in regard to self interest . 
   oh really ? 
  then how 's that there 're these sanctions and russians whine about it ? 
  well yes they are whining , but putin 's popularity soared since the sanctions , its rally played into his narrative . 
  most of the people who are experiencing this economic setback remember they 90 's it will take a lot more to actually get under their skin . 
  if you take a look at the ukrainain economy , you 're wrong . 
  there is very little they make that could suit the european market . 
  even the salt they export ... its packed like its 1970 's ussr . 
  their entire industry is geared towards the ex-ussr market . 
  ukraine is russia 's neighbour and at the end of the day they need one another . 
  it has always been like that . 
  well they are perfectly fine with a dictator in montenegro , no problem if an undemocratic state joins nato and the eu ... 
   i see only more arrogant threats , insults and muscle flexing . 
  so europe is supposed to look strong and then you criticize russia for trying to do the same ? 
  of course russia will muscle flex , etc. 
  it has to keep up its image / reputation as much as any oner state . 
  regardless of rhetoric form both sides , and regardless of what you think , under the surface , the two sides have a mutual understanding . 
   neither of these is any solid data , these are just estimations and opinions . 
  they 're not just opinions , there is data behind it . 
  but okay ...  our theory of american conspiracy against europe is irrelevant firstly its not a conspiracy . 
  just look at the wave of protests that occurred in western europe in the late 1960 's . 
  it was the height of the cold war and europeans were sick of american influence on their society . 
  since 1945 , america has had quite the presence in europe . 
   relations with russia and reaction to its politics is most of all concern of our security and russia should know that its economy is dependant mostly on our money . 
  poles are disproportionately paranoid against russians , and i can ; t really blame you . 
  i just find it odd that it also does n't see a threat in brussels trying to change traditional polish values , as much as it has the historic memory of a threat from moscow . 
  and yes its true that russia is very tied to the european economy , so why jeopardize your neighbour ? 
  unrest in russia is the last thing europe should wish for . 
  these economic sanctions worsen the economic situation in russia and we know that never helps social stability . 
  i addressed the span thing in my other comment , sorry i got confused . 
  as for crimea . 
  no doubt europe had to respond , its its duty to do so and as you said it had to avoid looking weak . 
  that said it also has to be honest and recognize that its futile at this point and at least being in neutral relations with russia is key . 
  http://www.globalresearch.ca/the-deadly-impacts-of-anti-russian-sanctions-on-the-eu-economy-2-5-million-jobs-threatened-study/5457122?print=1 the report is rt , but the primary data is from western , european institutions .
