  i mean francis fukayama was categorically proven wrong ( the source of `` the end of history '' ) . 
  i do n't know how anyone even mentions that without a healthy does of irony . 
   not really . 
  if you look at history , east europe has always been kind of alone whenever russia took a swing at it and they recovered kind of by themselves too . 
  i don ; t think i am following this broad historical generalization , could you give some specific examples ? 
  i follow the imperfect understanding that i take though , i would say yes , you have a point that historically eastern europe has been in the sights of russia for centuries , no doubt . 
  that said i would wager to say that the nature of power in the international system has changed and full out land grabs are no longer useful or very viable . 
  land isn ; t the necessary resource it once was , and there are other more nuanced methods of gaining those resources one needs to better their state . 
   i have very nuanced opinion on russia actually . 
  in fact many of my friends repeatedly told me i am way too pro-russian in my opinions and sentiments . 
  this is relative and thus irrelevant . 
  your opinion might be dissident in warsaw , but it would be perfectly normal bratislava ( idk what slovaks on average think just an example ) and could be too `` anti russian '' in belgrade or podgorica . 
  i do n't know you and i don ; t know your friends . 
   and so , really , if it sounds like kremlin propaganda to me , then it probably does actually objectively sound that way . 
  a sound argument . 
  i feel therefore it is !, 
   and the soldiers were fighting two on one gun . 
  stalin definitely starved a lot of people , but this one is a historical myth that has been debunked several times . 
  check this thread . 
  oh yeah that is the only way that someone can have a nuanced opinion that isn ; t your own !, 
  don ; t try and character assassinate me . 
  i could claim that this page is filled with `` western shills '' or something . 
  but it would firstly be a false argument and secondly an empty , stupid argument . 
  from one catholic state citizen to another catholic state citizen in the eu , you should probably be looking at the culture war being waged on us instead of the ptsd-replay that plays own our emotions and blinds us to what is really going on . 
  these states have to fear monger to stay relevant or get cash injections into the economy . 
  same way poland has tried to lure nato to move it 's bases eastward into poland from germany to `` update '' the border . 
  the construction and defence contracts would be insane !, 
  russia is no rosey cuddle buddy for europe , but it 's hyperbolic to say that it 's an existential threat to any of there countries . 
  particularly since they are under the wing of nato now . 
  edit : i 'd like to see some facts here rather than down votes . 
  you 're doing your position no good by just trying to silence me . 
  thanks for helping me make my point !, 
  yeah , we live in a liberal democracy , i think people forget what that means . 
  we agree to certain civilization liberties , we agree to which freedoms we have as human being and see what the government should or should not do in order to preserve those freedoms . 
  beyond that , no one should care what you eat , speak , wear , believe in and so forth . 
  those things are all irrelevant from the point of view of a liberal democracy . 
  if you think you have an objectively better way of life , and want to impose it on people , that is a completely different system . 
  it 's crazy for people like me from countries that were for the longest time occupied/colonized ... like i harbour no hostility towards austrians or turks , despite history . 
  yet due to my skin colour i am supposed to feel guilty for someone else 's sins of colonialism . 
  they do n't that much . 
  modern egypt is an arabic culture and a muslim culture . 
  sure there is tons of mixing . 
  but at the end of the day , apart from living on the same territory , there is n't much continuity . 
  same with the republic of macedonia . 
  it was in the kingdom of alexander the great , but so was a good chunk of northern greece and a piece of bulgaria . 
  alexander was a hellen ( greek ) and spoke greek . 
  the republic of macedonia was called vardar and was the northern reach of his father 's kingdom ... for all we know , he may have never even set foot in vardar in his short life !, 
  the other thing is that macedonians today have little to do with hellenic in culture . 
  they are native illyrian / slavic by blood , they speak a slavic language and are of the orthodox faith , something that only came after the fall of alexander 's empire . 
  i 'm sorry , but macedonia 's claim to fame is a farce . 
  it 's a phase all ex-sfrj countries are going through , trying to differentiate from their neighbours , even if it means entering the absurd . 
  bi\u00e7ak is also used sometimes in the former sfry , but very rarely . 
  it is most commonly seen in old literature . 
  obviously a result of many friendly years in the ottoman empire !, 
   hljeb to us sounds like you are looking to provoke us , let me explain it a bit . 
  since you know we say kruh and you use hleb out of spite to show you are proud serb in croatia . 
  just proving croats do n't like multiculturalism and really should n't be a part of the eu . 
  seriously , some people say kajs , pojas . 
  the language reform post-war also shows how insecure your identity is . 
  basically , you ca n't even say bread the same way , just in case someone mixes you up with a serb , oh dear !, 
  also in all your examples , you are going to a place an introducing a new word , hljeb has been said in croatia for generations . 
   well hljeb sounds like provocation to croatian people even if you do n't mean it , we do n't like to hear it , it kind of triggers us . 
  well sorry m8 , been saying it that way on the same soil for centuries , not going to change it because of your lack of sensibility and insecurity . 
  that is actually rather pathetic . 
  it would be laughable in the anglosphere if a canadian was triggered if an american said `` soda '' instead of pop . '', 
   same when i say hrenovka in serbia and you pretend you do n't know what it is . 
  except , serbs say it too ? 
  people in vojvodina use german borrowings that nether southern serbs or croats understand sometimes . 
  in some cases its literally a misunderstanding , in others people just can ; t gloss over . 
  i didn ; t understand the first time a serb from nis said `` pirinac '' instead of `` riza . '', 
   croatian and serbian were thought in schools after ww2 and it was made so that languages became more similar . 
  before ww2 there were bigger diffrences . 
  langauges are diverse , across both serbia and croatia they are not standardized . 
  so yeah in a way you are right . 
  but the current croatian system is also oppresive against kajkavian croatian and cokavian croatian . 
  dalmatians and central croats shouldn ; t be forced to speak a dialect that is not native to them ... or perhaps they should ask for independence ? 
   look you are croat officialy because by passport and documets , you have all rights that every person born here has . 
  now that you follow serb/ortodox traditions and have diffrent religion . 
  i get it . 
  but technicly speaking you are croat but to me it seems you do n't like it . 
  how do yo not understand being a citizen does not change your ethnicity ? 
  i am croatian by citizenship , that makes me a croatian national ... but that doesn ; t change my ethnicity identity . 
  jews do this all the time !, 
  they can live in any country for generations , but they are still jews !, 
  don ; t make me repeat it again , nationality/citizenship = / = ethnicity/identity  now . . what i do n't get is why for example serbs in vukovar do n't want to send their children to normal schools provided by goverment . 
  it seems they are afraid their children will learn croatian word 's and naturally intergrate themself 's . 
  it seems you want to live in this country as parallel community like this is not your country too . 
  i never seen this aproach so there is my confusion . 
  well that is the fault of the war . 
  really i don ; t give a damn if someone says kruh or hljeb , but other people give a damn when i say hljeb , i will tell you that much . 
  and vukovar is a piece of shit , all the croats do is complain , `` muh jna invasion '' and antagonize the serbs still there , the serbs cling to the flag of a country ( serbia ) taht gives zero shits about them and antagonize the croats however they can . 
  also the problem is that croatian / serbian are pretty much the same , perhaps if the croat education system recognized that and didn ; t standardize only the croatian ? 
  even the dean of university of zagreb said they are pretty much the same langauge, 
   you are croat by papers being croatian citizen = / = being croat . 
  how do you not understand concepts like ethnic identity , civic identity and how they can diverge and intersect ? 
   what is the plan here ? 
  there is no plan . 
   what you want to achive for your family ? 
  nothing out of the ordinary , material success , happiness . 
  being a serb or croat is neither key or exclusive to those things .
