  does it matter ? 
  there is civil disorder that can not be handled by civilian forces alone , there is nothing wrong with calling in additional help . 
  it seems that the news is coming out that these nye mass tapings , assaults were coordinated . 
  i would call that terrorism . 
   thats three times the population of syria . 
  implying syrians are the only ones coming in . 
  we 've known for a long time now that people have entering the eu illegally by the mediterranean from north africa . 
  that was long before the arab spring and subsequent wars . 
  now people are coming not only from arab countries , but also places as far as eritrea , iran , iraq and even afghanistan . 
  i 'm not saying they would equal 60 million , but the total population of potential migrants is a lot bigger than those willing to leave syria . 
  czech republic and estonia probably have the best system . 
  the czech republic system as far as i know is actually more liberal than that of the state of new york or california and estonia 's is far more liberal than canada or some european states . 
  yes you have to pass safety tests in these countries , become licensed and even have a conversation with a psychologist before being allowed to conceal carry a firearm in public . 
  but not failing these that means you shall be issued a license to carry . 
  these countries are also rarely mentioned in gun control debates . 
  probably an inconvenience for those on the extremes of the debate , i.e no regulation or basically full confiscation . 
  it happened in canada during the flq crisis when quebec secessionist terrorists killed and kidnapped members of the canadian government . 
  people gave pierre trudeau shit for it , but really it was needed and we did not become a military state . 
  canada also had to call in the army a few times after that , but that was because of the snow ... 
  governments are not one track minded beasts . 
  with the size of the us government and all its various apparatuses and manpower , its as close as an organization can get to being omniscient . 
  bih is a key spot for the balkans strategy . 
  maintaining a stalemate and ethnic tensions keeps it as a convenient powder keg . 
  yeah i do n't condone that or believe that will happen , but it 's bold to say serbia does n't matter to russia either . 
  it would be a mistake to say that , even if the country was in the eu , there are some pretty hardcore panslavists :p and you 're right , i always say it myself , they had the chance ... 
  sorry , went into defence mode . 
  its kinda pointless to play `` you did it ! '', 
  you started it ! '', 
  as fora solution ... 
  i really doubt it , locally people are stupid . 
  i always tell serbs who want to capture it gloriously to get their lazy asses to the cafe and get married and have a ton of kids and go live there . 
  of ours thats too damn difficult , they don ; t really want kosovo . 
  no one really wants to shed that much blood , they 'd rather just wait . 
  the only way for it to happen is maybe some big world war where a major power like china or russia basically makes kosovo a serbian israel , which i really wouldn ; t wish upon kosovars . 
  on the ground , local people on both sides are holding back a mutual agreement and letting themselves be pawns for the big boys . 
  its about time we bury the hatchet . 
  before all the young people leave for greener pastures in europe and migrants starting living there or something . 
  i do n't know about the statistics , but i have to agree serbs treated albanians like shit . 
  ask anyone who was in the jna , sure some good experiences , but there was a lot of marginalization and basically imperialist behaviour . 
  sure at some point kosovo got autonomy and albanian speaking job were available as well as education but it was preceded by what was basically a police state and decades before that poor treatment . 
  what serbs did to albanians and what albanians have done to kosovar serbs is both pretty shitty . 
  and the reason why serbs got ethnically cleansed from kosovo after the nato campaign is because hundreds of thousands of kosovars came home with nato following behind them allowing them to exact revenge on serbs who may or may not have been guilty of the crimes committed on the albanian population . 
  as much as i believe or know that there are outside interest and forces involved , and realities like education and living stander that you mention the people have to take responsibility . 
  they keep playing themselves and letting others play with them . 
  he deleted a comment about how he would n't mind or be surprised because serbs are violent and thats just how things work in the balkans . 
  well thats who things work because you let them !, 
  what happened to the brotherhood of 1945 kicking nazi ass ? 
  what happened to the brotherhood of 1848 kicking hungarian ass ? 
  it seems southern slavs are too stupid to work together and prefer to squabble about shit and cut each other down rather than build each other up until an existential crisis and a messiah appear . 
  i 'm sure you 'd be so understanding if you visited serbia and someone pelted you with eggs because they * thought * you were a war criminal . 
  how can you ask that ? 
  even if they were correct that some of them were involved in the war , does that justify attacking the others ? 
  they 're the ones operating on feelings . 
  but hey , remember kosovar has a civic identity and kosovo is a home for several peoples living together in harmony : ^ ), 
  also a lot of stupidity . 
  they ruined a lot of infrastructure simply because it was ottoman . 
  that 's just barbarian-tier behavior not to mention stupid . 
  a bridge is still useful infrastructure , but nope pointy ottoman arches , got ta go . 
  reuse the mosque as something , even as a horse stable ??? 
  nope just knock it down . 
  shit even the soviets reused monasteries for military barracks . 
  what do you mean wait times ? 
  like if you own firearms , you should be restricted from accessing them immediately ? 
  or that you should it should restricted how fast you will be able to purchase them ? 
  eastern europe also has issues with law and order , but thats why vigilante justice is quick and swift . 
  if there is any good in disorder its that people are confident in taking care of themselves and defending themselves, 
  thats another aspect , but really difficult to control . 
  we ca n't say whether or not someone is predestined for suicide or not when issuing them a license . 
  someone could be in good mental standing when issued a listen but so much can happen in even a year let a alone a decade that could change that . 
  the canadian system even interviews family members to ensure the household dynamic is healthy and that guns do n't have a likelihood of being used for violence . 
  but how many times have people been surprised by the suicide of a close family member ? 
  people can also take their lives in an infinite number of ways without guns . 
  apparently britain though noticed less suicides after severely reducing the number of guns in the country . 
  that may be empirical proof of guns begin convenient therefore increasing suicide , but who knows ... belgium and bosnia for example ahem the same level of violent crime overall , but bosnia is far poorer . 
  keep in mind that belgium has strict gun control , and bosnia 's relatively liberal . 
  not to mention all the mental wounds left by the war and the illegal weapons kept from the war . 
  no mass shooting there either !, 
  each country is different and number of guns does n't always correlate with more crime , murder or suicide . 
   i just hope women do n't get too jumpy . 
  well thats a fear with anything , but there are rules of engagement and consequences if you don ; t follow them . 
   and it can be turned against you too . 
  these assaults can happen faster than someone opening their purse , too . 
  it being turned against you is definitely a concern , definitely raises the stakes . 
  indeed its no guarantee , but i would definitely rather have the option and have it fail than just fail from the get go . 
  give people the ability and the confidence to defend themselves . 
  its a natural right to be able to preserve your life or well being against harm . 
  i 'm not saying arm people with guns a la america necessarily but there is definitely a problem with how we handle self-defence in some western countries . 
  children in school are taught to `` call an adult '' even if their face is getting smashed in by a bully . 
  victims and especially those who defend themselves are more often than not punished for `` being in a fight '' even though they were not the aggressor . 
  this sort of extends into adulthood . 
  people are afraid of handling situations themselves because laws don ; t always favour the defender . 
  however police ca n't be everywhere all at once . 
  we need professional police officers to defend us , just like we need professional doctors to heal us . 
  that said i don ; t know why its expected that people should know some basic first aid to improve a medical situation or stabilize a victim in an emergency before the professionals get there , but they are not expected or encouraged to know some self-defence or have some capabilities to improve the situation before the police have an opportunity to intervene . 
  not really fantasies tbh . 
  the media does n't typically report these kinds of things because a lot of the time they don ; t end up as news because no one dies . 
  but if you google some key words you 'll frequently find articles about people defending themselves with cc . 
  ultimately its just a force equalizer . 
  it closes the gap so a woman can defend herself from a man twice her size or so she does n't have to spend your entire life becoming a martial arts master . 
  or walk around in a defensive herd of people like the mayor suggested .
