  brilliant logic . 
  how would they at all be to blame ? 
  its an unfounded fear and it reveals that police would rather just herd people like helpless sheep than invite citizens to empower themselves . 
  as for the abortion thing , not is abortion only legal , but advocated , not sure what point you 're trying to make . 
   i want to visit that place where seeking out suspicious looking areas is a hobby and accepting drinks from strangers is as common as accepting a tissue . 
  until i see it with my very eyes i ca n't accept that this is `` routine '' . 
  oh yes , awaiting the new year in a the main square of a large city , in a civilized country is so risky , they practically asked for it . 
  / s i 'm referring the attacks in cologne if you have n't noticed . 
   the police ca n't tell people to carry pepper spray or a gun because civilians are bad with weapons and pepper spray might the shit beaten out of you if you think you can stop a group of angry men with it . 
  just like they ca n't tell us to carry fire-extinguishers and first aid kits in our cars , because civilians are `` bad '' at putting out fire and rendering medical aid , when compared to professionals . 
  but wait , these things are mandated by law !, 
  not to mention that self-defence is indirectly encouraged , because carrying pepper-spray is perfectly legal . 
  you literally and point and spray it in someone 's face . 
  training consists of buying an inert canister filled with water . 
  yes , you 're right that a single can of pepper spray may not neutralize an attack coming from a group of men , but that 's not the only self-defence scenario . 
  it could surely stop a single man , maybe there is more than one person under attack and multiple methods of self-defence are deployed ? 
  in any situation , yes you may still end up on the losing end , but why not increase your odds ? 
  no one would ever argue that you should n't punch or gouge the eyes of an attacker because it may anger them . 
  should they just lie down and let them do their thing ? 
  people have a natural right , a human right to defend themselves . 
   therwise , aikido will get you killed in a knife fight , you 're on average more likely to stab yourself with a blade if you carry one as a self defence weapon and tasers are a one shot weapon . 
  this is exactly why things like pepper spray are legal . 
  first off you dont ; have to spend hours training hand to hand defence , you just buy it , know how to use it . 
  its also a force equalizer , so you do n't have to train to be as strong as a potential attack ( impractical for most men , let alone women or elderly people ) . 
  as for the knife , pepper spray is even better , longer range . 
   until the police will teach classes on self defence and will give out certifications they ca n't recommend it to the public at large . 
  the police are not the end all and be all of self-defence knowledge . 
  i 'm not sure what you think they could teach you that would be practical to a civilian . 
  they should n't be telling people to change their routine for criminals . 
  they should encourage , vigilance and carrying a method of self-defence . 
  whether or not it is found in in truth or in hysteria , its obvious that people in germany are concerned , regardless of the media 's message . 
  i 'm glad to see germans are looking to exercise their human right to self-defence . 
  you ca n't eradicate the issue though , and we all already know this stuff . 
  as others have said , this is common-sense a dive , to parrot it after a widespread attack is insulting and as i said ill - timed . 
  they should be advocating self-defend , but police officers tend not to do that . 
  but people need to take safety into their own hands , i agree . 
   if an attacker is aware of the danger , he might just go straight to tossing you to the ground and establishing control , striking , etc. 
  and in that case a pepper spray is less useful . 
  no saying he wo n't already do that , or that he would if you were carrying . 
  i 'd definitely argue against the latter because if its concealed you have the element of surprise , or deter an attack if they are still at a distance but are obviously attacking predatory . 
  its always better to have the defence option . 
   i did n't mean that women should n't carry , but i 'm not sure that repeating it in the media is the right thing to do . 
  well i 'd hope it would urge some people who don ; t carry to start carrying , and be prepared and that it reminds potential attackers that they won ; t get away with it so easy . 
  look , they do n't do it in their own countries because they know if they touched a woman to whom they were not married , that the woman 's male family members would intervene or come for him and rape him and beat him to a pulp . 
  they try that shit here , because something tells them that europeans are vulnerable . 
  the message one way or another has to be that we are not . 
  well there is something to be said about advice like this prior to something happening . 
  its smart to be careful of our drinks , be careful at night , to be proactive in general . 
  we all do it when we lock the door on our house . 
  we know people should ' t break into houses and steal , but we still lock our doors . 
  however to suggest this after an event such as a groping , rape , etc is practically victim blaming . 
  we all already know and likely do these things , and to respond with this advice after such widespread attacks directs responsibility the wrong way . 
  i always advocate that people take care of themselves , be vigilante and be prepared , but this was ill-timed advice . 
   eh , i do n't know . 
  you get the biggest advantage with the pepper spray when you surprise the attacker . 
  this is true , i 'm not advocating that woman flash it around , have it hanging off a purse to make a point . 
  what i mean is if the message is repeated that woman may be packing a method of self-defence , reminding people to do this , it * will * deter attacks because they won ; t know who has it and who does n't , and its a force equalizer , makes people more difficult to victimize . 
   furthermore , if an attacker suspects that a women has a pepper spray , it can lead to him reacting much more violently from the get go to quickly establish superiority . 
  i dont know how much of a precedent that is not to carry . 
  if he is already attacking you , what is the difference . 
  |  but as for the choice of weapon , i agree . 
  i know some women that carried knives , and i always recommended pepper spray instead . 
  come on , you 're not gon na stab anybody , a pepper spray is easier to use , and wo n't get you arrested . 
   but as for the choice of weapon , i agree . 
  i know some women that carried knives , and i always recommended pepper spray instead . 
  come on , you 're not gon na stab anybody , a pepper spray is easier to use , and wo n't get you arrested . 
  totally agreed , this is 100 % key , to do it legally and responsibly . 
  and really at the end of the day , your goal isn ; t to have blood on your hands and even potentially go to jail , its to go home safe . 
  pepper spray is far more convenient and effective in this regard . 
   the world has n't changed overnight , life in cologne is n't any different than it was a month a year or ten years ago . 
  if anything crime of all kinds in almost any big city in the developed world has significantly gone down over the last few decades . 
  the increased interest in self-defence could very well be imagined hysteria , but there is a notable increase in crime , with over 30,000 crime seeing committed by asylum seekers in germany alone in 2015 . 
  without those people in germany , that would mean 100 less crimes a day . 
  sure 100 crimes spread evenly across germany daily is n't * taht * major , but the migrants are not evenly distributed across germany . 
  this additional crime is concentrated in germany 's cities ... such as * cologne . 
  * edit : it won ; t me link the source without automatically deleting my comment ... 
  this is pitiful , its letting the rapists win and it requires innocent people to change the way they live for immoral people . 
  instead he should advocate that people carry a personal canister of pepper spray . 
  its perfectly legal for self-defence in austria , over the counter purchase , no registration . 
  inviting people to exercise their natural right to self-defence from bodily harm is the responsible thing to do , and sends a message to wannabe rapists that people will not be victimized . 
  not knowing whether or not a woman is packing is definitely a deterrent . 
  just going to add ... as hard as our polices forces try , and good as they are , they ca n't be everywhere and intervene immediately . 
  citizens have to take to upon themselves to prepare for those 5 , 10 even 20 minutes time that it takes the police to respond where they are in a situation that is without the rule of law , when someone threatens them . 
  its not being paranoid , its begin prepared . 
  we are expected to do the same with our vehicles with required fire-extinguishers and first aid kits . 
  they do n't replace fir fighters and ambulances , not should they . 
  however they get us through that first period after the incident . 
  same thing with pepper spray and other methods of self-defence . 
  deter , slow or stop the threat so you stay alive or untouched before the police get there to intervene . 
   just to be clear : as far as i know , they were no rapes , `` only '' sexual assault ( groping ) , right ? 
  sure like that makes it any better . 
  these guys should have been beaten on the street for their crimes . 
  its a natural right to bodily autonomy and be free of bodily harm , unwanted touching etc. 
  i just wished more people had pepper spray ( which is legal in germany ) to show these wannabe rapists that they 're going to feel the burn . 
  canadian laws are not the same as american laws , i get that its a big-unconstitutional-deal if the u.s. deploys troops against citizens . 
  however our laws are different and its not easy when our entire civilian security budgets is equal to only a handful of the 19 the u.s government has . 
  it was multiple people in a short period of time and the organization was known to be a militant , secessionist one . 
  canada does n't have as big of a civilian security apparatus as the united states and especially did n't at the time . 
  and to deny people security because some people and their `` bleeding hearts '' as pm trudeau said at the time could n't handle men in green clothes with rifles is just dumb . 
  yet you never hear of mass shootings ... as i said an inconvenient truth for the extreme sides of the arguments , but it would be an interesting country to look at .
