  they are not some vacuum , they also consume goods . 
  by your logic , we 'd have an increasing employment issue with natural generational growth . 
  i looked it up , can you link an example ? 
  wow !, 
  what was mount athos like ? 
  i would love to go there one day ... you know i have been to some very conservative russian parishes , and the women on one side and the men on the other was a very loose rule . 
  i found it odd because a serbian parish i know i would consider generally less strict , but had a strict rule on the gender divide . 
   women were outside of the church and only men were allowed inside ... that is really really weird . 
   in romania its a fake christianity , people go to church but dont respect the bible , they dont know anything about it . 
  they respect it by going to church , scripture is read at every orthodoxy liturgy . 
  just because they don ; t believe in the same things you does n't mean their faith is fake . 
  what does their poverty have anything to do with their faith ? 
  do you believe in the prosperity gospel ? 
  they are orthodox , but `` oriental orthodox '' rather than `` eastern orthodox . '', 
  another oriental church you have probably heard of is the coptic church in egypt . 
  so yeah , this map is inaccurate in that it lumps two groups together which are not in communion with each other . 
  could never get over that ... 
  there is a german orthodox saint !, 
  saint alexander schomrell who was part of the white rose resistance against nazi germany . 
  his father was a german from russia , his mother russian , so he was baptized in his infancy in the orthodox church . 
  his mother died and him and his father moved to germany after the civil war and revolution . 
  he was killed by the gestapo for his resistance , the russian orthodox church recognized him as a saint in the 2000 's, 
  also probably a couple of albanians . 
  there are protestant serbs on occasion as well , mormons , but the vast majority are orthodox and its the traditional faith . 
  isn ; t it like that in romania ? 
  yeah you have outliers , but the traditional faith is orthodoxy ? 
  this already existed in the past in yugoslavia . 
  they were called gasterbajteri , from the german word for guest worker . 
  its how yugoslavia kept it unemployment low for many years . 
  yeah people were cleaning floors and doing other menial tasks in western germany , but they made a killing . 
  there are a lot of reasons the balkans are they way they are ... 
  obviously this is another case such as transnistria and abkhazia ... but to play devils advocate . 
  if you are undocumented ( people lose id in these situations ) it 's a lot safer to take the rebel passport and go to russia rather than risk crossing a front line of a war zone to do the same thing . 
  it 's a treacherous journey for anyone , but particularly for young , single men . 
  yeah they were loyal , but not by choice . 
  it 's a silly example because they were n't even serbs at that point . 
  they were broken/accepted a muslim turkish identity rather than their christian/slavic one . 
  well no , yugoslavia had nationalism as well , it 's just that it was a new one to replace the old ones . 
  i mean that could just be an excuse , i think it was just being a fucked up person . 
  his daughter mysteriously committed suicide less than year before srebrenica . 
  kind of reminds me of how genghis khan destroyed a city when his son died . 
  calling janissaries loyal is like calling child suicide bombers today loyal . 
  i mean there were exceptions , but the vanguard majority were forcibly taken from their homes as part of the dev\u0161irme or blood tax . 
  as for the siege of constantinople , again , the serbian principalities were vassalized after their defeat at the battle of kosovo in 1389 . 
  bit of a difference going to war for your conqueror versus fighting with them as an ally . 
  the relationship with the ottomans is complicated and taking the exact opposite narrative of the mainstream one is just as bad . 
  went from `` the shape of a croissant '' to `` yes i want . '', 
  yeah they are literally sub-dialects . 
  there is more difference between the three croat dialects than the standard bosnian , croatian and serbian . 
  also those croats that study another slavic language like czech or russian have a hand up in understanding slovene . 
  its like getting a used car for free . 
  sure , you have buy 1000 $ in parts to getting running again , but its cheaper than having to buy that same car for 2000 $ , and again having to put in 1000 $ parts . 
  it 's respected within some degree , but the overarching narrative that christians destroyed rome and brought the continent into darkness is laughable ... all too common of a myth . 
  it probably has something more to do with this being a giant civil project made in the honour of the roman gods and then maintained in the of god ... and your alfa being made to move your ass from point a to b in relative comfort for about 10 years . 
  sure you could make a car to last millennia , but its out of your price range . 
  you have to respect his office , and if he makes an ex cathedra statement it is infallible . 
  though popes rarely make ex-cathedra statements . 
  otherwise you can respectfully disagree with him ... 
  in croatia it was a mixed bag , supported the regime , but didn ; t necessarily endorse the killings . 
  in germany on the other hand , they were dry anti nazi . 
  you can see maps of voting and the nazi party got very few votes in catholic lands . 
  also research the white rose , you will read about a bavarian bishop who was actively fighting nazism ... national-socialism for all intents and purposes is in contradiction with catholicism . 
  nazis also believed in heretical teachings that were mental gymnastics to avoid christ 's jewish origin, 
  its pretty much impossible to do so . 
  religion isn ; t a sunday hobby , it is among other things a system of ethics people adhere to . 
  they will believe politically certain things due to this and will vote accordingly . 
   i like how he 's super-uncomfortable for nationalists who more than often strongly refer to their catholic roots . 
  basically here in poland a large part of our catholic church pretty much cut ties with the pope and his message , cause it 's not comfortable politically or ideologically . 
  they are still in communion with the pontiff , they just don ; t like his style . 
  being catholic does n't mean having to like the pope 's pastoral approach , just respect his authority if it comes down to that . 
   christianity did bring the dark ages , so i would say it totally did . 
  this is utterly rejected by modern historical scholarship . 
  the idea came to rise as a circle-jerk for enlightenment / protestant elites to shit on catholic/continental history and make elevate their own status . 
  this is plebeian pop history and it would be embarrassing to unironically tout in a scholarly circle . 
  well i guess rev up those monarchies and make versailles great again . 
  its a silly assertion , buildings change usages as cultures and regimes change ( look at all the beautiful churches in russia that were made museums , concert halls , horse stables , prisons now restored to their former glory as houses of god ) . 
  not to mention its been a church longer now that it has been a pagan temple . 
  not really ... still a failing state . 
  eu won ; t save you lol ... 
  idk man , seems like a lot of copy paste ... 
  gdp is n't everything , russia has always had a backwards economy relative to the west , yet it 's been considered a principle power for centuries . 
  imperial russia only started developing rail at the end of the 19th century , meanwhile it was already present in most of the western world , it still had a underdeveloped industry ... 
  different indicators today , but same trend . 
  yaaaaas germano-catholic alpine republic . 
  what a moron , siding yourself with terrorists ... 
  he means to say that its a silly assertion that the forces of the east are all made up of russian military forces `` on vacation . '', 
  no one doubts that there are russian troops o the ground , but there are tons of local volunteers and volunteers from the region ( and a few wierdo foreigners ) . 
  yeah , just give russia another reason to have a swing at ukraine . 
  genius . 
  to be honest , i don ; t think russia cares about this . 
  its sad that this man is such an attention whore that he decided to say these things . 
  yeah but they banned alcohol at this year 's sarajevo city centre new years celebration . 
   they are designed like that to maximize internal damage by keeping the bullet inside the body . 
  that way if you do n't die the chemical toxicity of the lead or other type of metal will get you . 
  at least that is my theory . 
  its more that they lose their shape on impact . 
  a full metal jacket bullet stays pointy and slices through flesh clean and exiting . 
  man-stoppers which have special shapes ( usually a hollow point ) gain a mushroom shape meaning that they hit harder , tear the flesh and fragment , all while staying inside . 
  hollow point is way more deadly , far more difficult to treat and safer because it has less chance of penetrating through the target , throw walls and hitting bystanders or friendlies . 
  anyone with any amount of firearms training would do that ...
