  sounds like a convenient solution for a woman taking transit home after the night shift at work / s. 
  no it just means their relatives are sending enough money from abroad that they can spare a few eggs . 
  that 's mob rule , street justice and should not be condoned . 
  its actions like this that can easily ignite widespread conflict like when we saw the bs story of a serb killing an albanian kid turned into a kosovo wide attack on the already battered serbian communities . 
  those guys are still problematic . 
  hezbollah is listed as a terror group by many if not most western nations , assad still isn ; t on the good side of the west and we don ; t know the fate of him and his regime . 
  same with the kurds , sure they 're `` the good guys '' in iraq , but many of their fighters are affiliated with listed terrorist groups in turkey or even operated in turkey . 
  basically no one should expect to get untangled easily . 
  either jihadists or those who think they 're joining some righteous force like the international brigades in the spanish civil war . 
  i like that it went into the differences between the sicilian mafia and other mafias . 
  i mean sure they were not nice guys , but at the end of the day it was working class men forming a protection racket in a place where rule of law was minimal ... 
  compare this to the russian mafia or south american cartels or something where crime is the heart of the business . 
  thats scary ... its also the reason why the italian mafia in north america has declined in power . 
  a lot of the old school guys didn ; t want to deal with with drugs , etc. . . 
   an albanian would never give up their own baby for a blood feud . 
  furthermore children and especially females are n't ever supposed be apart of these feuds . 
  children because they ca n't carry a weapon to defend themselves and women are n't considered `` blood '' so it would n't fit the `` blood for blood '' idea . 
  what you say makes sense , but the code seems to be more guideline rather than unbreakable rule . 
  this is seen by the multitude of children who live in fear due to blood feuds . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwoyyoxxhbc its not just albanians , look at any people , in any conflict and you will see that one way another , kids are fair game . 
  serbian boys by the knives and bullets of fascists ( wwii ) , muslim boys by the bullets of serbs ( srebrenica ) , afghani , pakistani , arab children by american rockets ( wars of the 2000s ) and syrian children who just so happen to live in rebel held territory by russian bombs . 
  i earn this looks brutal but its the hold over from tribal times when there was no rule of law other than that which you your gun , and your male family members ' guns provided . 
  some parts of the balkans are still so isolated and undeveloped that this exists , but it will slowly disappear as proper ( and definitely preferable ) rule of law overtakes it . 
  there are some interesting modern cases though ... a land mark blood feud case in montenegro in the 1980 's was one where a man 's only son was killed by some drunken brawlers . 
  some went to jail , others did n't and he felt they had to pay . 
  just went up to them and smoked them ( lots of guns floating around ) . 
  he gladly went to jail . 
  he felt that he enacted justice and honoured his now dead blood line . 
  in albania , there is a particularly sad method of atoning a blood feud . 
  if a family owes blood , they might take an infant male from the family , palace him in a crime in front of the the house of the family to whom they owe blood , and turn the baby over and leave . 
  now the family to whom blood is owed can make a choice . 
  leave the baby upside to suffocate and get their blood . 
  or they can forgive the blood debt and save the baby ... brutal stuff eh ? 
  really interesting how humans organize themselves to say the least . 
  this is true , but relatively speaking , hollywood is pretty self-sustaininf when or comes to finding . 
  help can also mean providing archival resources , advice , heck maybe even some old military surplus for consistent and period accurate props !, 
  yep !, 
  i guess the u.s. is kind of the exception ... 
  the again bollywood is kind of more free market driven like hollywood . 
  that is borderline moronic . 
  but fine i will play along . 
  let 's pretend russia is on the other side of the planet and is an alien culture with no historic contact . 
  russia has a `` european-style '' industry where much of the funding for cinema comes from the state , particularly federal and regional cultural ministries . 
  that was a great movie , so heavy though ... 
  a lot of people who lived in kieran rus , be they peasants or princes moved northward after the mongol invasion . 
  the northern cities like novgorod definitely have a connection . 
  moscow was yet to be a thing though . 
  also what mongol influences on the state ? 
  why would the russians get it , but not the ukrainians who were also under the mongol yoke ? 
  this is true , but european films also tend to get quite a bit more state funding than american films . 
  you always see in the opening credits of european movies `` with help from the __________ ministry of culture . '', 
  yeah it was supposed to be a classic epic . 
  it 's about story and cinematography rather than action and special effects . 
  well was n't he also responsible for some pretty brutal victories against the tatars ? 
  his reign was the beginning of the expansion of muscovite rus . 
   formidable so although the above might be true , ( his title begin ambiguous ) this does lend itself more to the battle bad-ass connotation rather than all out evil savage that people usually assume . 
  to be honest , not sure why ivan the terrible was always singled out . 
  he did really shorty things , but you could find any czar or really any king , queen or head of state from anywhere and find some dirt . 
  as far as i know `` the terrible '' title initially came from his fearsome behaviour in battle . 
  maybe it gave him a bad name ? 
  you know if you are king _____ the great or queen _____ iii or something , that its a positive or neutral name !, 
  maybe the metropolis cultures sure , but i think the family and historical culture are more in line . 
  well their view points of history ten to align quite well and that points towards a common cultural psychology . 
  same with how they approach nationalism . 
  i also think the kind of family values they have are more close than with anything in western europe . 
  definitely would n't underestimate the religious factor either . 
  depends on what you mean . 
  i think that greece has a lot more cultural affinity than it does with say brussels . 
  their values / ethics are definitely more in common . 
  according to the prophecy there would be mass conversions . 
  yeah this was a prophecy from a very respected elder and now saint named paisios . 
  it 's actually a very detailed prophecy and kind of interesting if you are into those `` what the world will look like in 2030 '' youtube videos . 
  luckily in orthodoxy things like this are not taken seriously on an institutional level . 
  we know saints are human and confirm that many have made mistakes and said some funny and or bad things in the past . 
  this not withstanding !, 
  you can bet the nationalists latched on to this though ... 
  i do n't know if he wants to revive the byzantine empire , but he is definitely italy playing up its legacy . 
  think of it like a neo byzantine commonwealth . 
  kind of like how the eu plays up european civilization . 
  i do n't know how successful it could be to be honest . 
  greeks see themselves as the true and historical leaders while russia sees itself as the more practical leader due to size . 
  this will probably end like brics, 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  greece and russia are close on many levels , but to be honest i think tsipras knows which side his bread is buttered on . 
  the historical , cultural and religious unity is strong and that 's okay , but russia can not provide the economic benefits to greece . 
  this is just a reasonable , but very remote pressure/threat . 
  fifth column much ? 
  it 's just funny how you appeal to emotion when you want to stop bombing in one country , but have no remorse for the people in the other . 
  it confirms to me it 's not about the civilians . 
  go ahead , criticize russia , countries always criticize countries . 
  it 's just funny how russia 's actions get to be war crimes while everyone else is just collateral damage . 
  also it 's not irrelevant that it 's 17 years ago because the us has not apologized and still touts the mission as a success . 
  maybe you 're just a kid or something and 17 years seems like a long time ago , but the scars are still alive for a lot of people . 
  stop victim shaming . 
  yeah hitting trains , factories and radio tv serbia in 1999 seemed like very cautious avoidance of civilians . 
  hey orthodox here , it 's an ancient tradition that is very close kept . 
  it 's basically serves as a symbol of rejection for vanity m . this is especially the case when the beard and hair are not cut or styled . 
  that said , it 's not a dogmatic rule . 
  in western europe and the rest of the world , it 's more frequent for priests to have beards that are trimmed to various degrees . 
  same with the hair ( no pony tails or man buns ) .
