  anti government forces with volunteers from republic srpska and serbia with covert help from russia probably in the mountains . 
  soon  , 
  they should put him in a cage then in a zoo, 
  funny thing is , no one would even need to offer a price for someone to cut down his sorry ass . 
  um , you guys voted in orban fair and square and putin does n't own him . 
  as much as hungary 's government is problematic , lets not get into hyperbole . 
  and now the russians are buying agrokor and will own croatia 's farmland :(, 
   chechnya is like 0.1 % of russian territory and 1 % of the population , most of the people dying in the checnya wars were chechnians themselves . 
  new mexico is n't really a comparison . 
  falkland is the same thing , thatcher , despite being a horrendous leader , got popular on the back of posturing during such an inconsequential '' war '' . 
  you could probably count the number of ethnic russians who died due to that war within 10 minutes . 
  stop getting bogged down in these technicalities , because although true , they are meaningless because it does n't change how russian felt about the chechen wars . 
  i could say the same thing about operation desert storm . 
  its some far off country , that is n't even america , and the vast majority of those who died were iraqis , you could count the number of dead americans on one hand !, 
  but i do n't do that because these facts are pointless . 
  george h.w. 
  bush had a 90 % approval rating after the first iraq war . 
   if putin managed to get everything wrong with him washed under the carpet because he '' brought peace to chechnya '' , then it just shows how nationalist the average russian is . 
  sure , but is that such a crime ? 
  everyone loves their country and when it wins . 
   again , if the economy and stability is the reason for his popularity , why is he still popular after the catastrophic decade russia went through ? 
  well now this is a different factor , he successfully developed a narrative that blames the west for the economic downturn and yes patriotism plays a bigger role in his popularity . 
  but it still does n't change that a large part of his popularity is do with strengthening russia economically . 
   dude . 
  the median wage in russia is less than welfare in most developed countries . 
  poverty in russia is insanely high and rising . 
  did you even look at the data ? 
  it does n't matter if its lower than most welfare , its relative to peoples experience . 
  russians saw a vast improvement in standard of living during the putin era , which was right after the hellish 90 's . 
  their lives improved , full stop . 
  yes its on the rise now , again , i knew that form the data , but that 's due to low oil prices , the russian economy is reliant on that . 
   then the average russian is an idiot who is incapable of drawing simple conclusions . 
  you know , a bunch of them would probably say the same thing about people in the west . 
  i personally prefer to be a little less triumphalist and give people the benefit of the doubt . 
  its much better and more nuanced than calling a nation of millions idiots . 
   what difference does it make to the average russian what is or is n't happening chechnya ? 
  they have a conscript army , many young men died in the first chechen war especially . 
  it raised the number of ethnic russian chechen refugees , it was a hotbed for islamism ( still is to degree today ) . 
  do n't be silly . 
  any country wants to have security and control over its territory . 
  i 'm sure if there was some sort of insurrection in new mexico that americans would cheer on the government taking control of the territory . 
  the british did it with the falkland islands . 
  it only makes sense . 
   the gdp increased 8x thanks to the oil and gas boom and all that money went into the pockets of putin and his oligarchs . 
  he did very little to improve the living standard of the average russian . 
  the gdp per capita is still low , many poor countries with oil ressources have had better gdp increase . 
  did he outperform them ? 
  did he build a strong industry/service sector ? 
  it 's just posturing . 
  http://data.worldbank.org/country/russian-federation look at the graph for poverty . 
  look at that massive drop . 
  yeah a lot of people became filthy rich and oligarchs take more than their fair share , but during the early and mid 2000 's there was a lot to go around . 
  you are right though that it has n't brought economic stability , as you can see by the sharp rise in poverty around 2014 . it still does n't change the fact though that putin is a symbol of stability for the average russian . 
  they are ok with it because when he came to power , he consolidated chechnya ( which regardless of what we think about it , was terrible for russians who remember dead conscripts and terror attacks ) . 
  he also increased the gdp 8-fold in less than a decade . 
  it was about the stability long before anything else . 
  sure perhaps russians do n't mind foreign war or two , but what country that fancies itself a principle power does n't ? 
  stop trying to demonize russians , just like how people try to demonize americans . 
  average people just want average things , a place to call home , a stable job and a decent future for their kids . 
  i think its a little more complicated than that . 
  under yeltsin , russia in its foreign policy did have some legitimately liberal-democratic values . 
  for example , they recognized the self-determination of the croatian and slovenian people in february 1992 . 
  russia recognized us before washington did , a country that did n't want to rock the boat too much for the sake of security . 
  yeltsin also seriously considered the idea of joining nato and heavily cooperated with the west in the yugoslav wars . 
  there was also a lot of domestic pushback . 
  people in the parliament wanted them to back belgrade and the serbs with a blank cheque . 
  the military also took its own action in kosovo . 
  of course , chechnya , moldova are other issues , closer to home . 
   do you think russia exclusively took the pain of ussr collapse while rest of former ussr just enjoyed the ride ? 
  nope , it was just as bad elsewhere . 
  uh , not really , with the exception of albania which was truly the north korea of europe , most people in the eastern block lived better than people in the ussr . 
  everyone forgets that because they always compare to the west , and yeah in that regard it looks terrible . 
  people in east germany , poland , czechoslovakia , hungary all lived better than their cccp counterparts . 
  their subsequent transition was also less painful . 
   ukraine or moldova had it even worse as they did n't recover to such extent as russia . 
  well they are also smaller and did n't have the oil wealth to fund their economies . 
  they are also equally as corrupt . 
  its easy to be a rich corrupt country when you can mildly appease people , neither of these states had this luxury . 
   they 're shitting on countries that suffered even more . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  they do n't really care if they suffered more , russia 's incursion in ukraine and moldova is geo-strategically motivated , its not some benevolent move . 
  im sure you already knew that though . 
   western banks exploiting that , i 'm sure they did exactly that , but they are private enterprises aimed at earning profits . 
  that 's exactly what they 're supposed to do . 
  so that makes it okay ? 
  and yeah i do n't know if you can really call it exploitation though because of the sheer amount of cooperation by former communist elites . 
   they got the success state status of ussr and they kept ussr 's position at un security council , for example . 
  they were accepted into g7 . 
  eu had talks with visa freedom with russia before invading crimea etc. 
  this all only makes sense . 
  its the rump state of the ussr , who were they supposed to give it to kazakhstan ? 
  it was a practical move more than anything , not a gift from the west . 
  just a personal anecdote of how terrible it was . 
  the current bishop ( his name is hilarion ) of the orthodox church who heads the `` foreign relations '' part is an oxford educated man , and also finished school at the musical and theological academies in moscow . 
  through the 1990 's he worked as a lecturer at the theological school , he taught piano at the musical academy and also worked as a priest ... 
  between these three jobs he could earn only enough money for one week of the month . 
  so if someone with multiple degrees , with a foreign education and involved in some high level institutions was struggling this much you could imagine how it was for the average citizen . 
  they may have supported them , but democracy is a pre-christian idea and is sustainable outside of it , in some form ( though democracy in the past did n't mean every plebeian got a vote ) . 
  i am more worried about the cultural / social ramifications which simply can not be preserved outside of a christian framework . 
  true , but i see it being left behind at an alarming rate .
