  if rt really bothers you , here is a western source reporting the same thing . 
  http://www.welt.de/wirtschaft/article142742046/russland-krise-kostet-europa-bis-zu-100-milliarden-euro.html here is some stuff on spain . 
  tourism and exports have taken a hit , not easy on the fragile economy . 
  that makes perfect sense considering that the eu recognizes kosovo 's sovereignty . 
  they ca n't have people with serbian passports travel from kosovo 's territory as it de facto recognize serbia 's sovereignty on the territory . 
  its too late , its always been too late !, 
  putin is in greece on the anniversary of the fall of constantinople to create a strategy to take it back !, 
  / s on a more serious note , i hope this reflects for a better solution in syria . 
  as a serb ... never want to hear serbs complain about `` losing kosovo ever again . '', 
  not only did serbs emigrate en masse during the yugoslav era because they had social mobility thanks to their language while albanians did n't ... now they want to recognize pristina 's government to leap frog themselves into western europe . 
  i get that times are tough and w.e , but you can ; t have both . 
  edit : on second thought this is a little fishy , first consider the source , it obviously has an interest in claiming this kind of news . 
  and looking at what / u/swisskebab said , serbia is already a candidate state , kosovo is barely a candidate for a european candidacy . 
  serbia has visa liberalization with the eu already , not sure why they would need to go to the trouble of getting a pristina one . 
  that is unless european authorities don ; t recognize serbs form kosovo , travelling on a serbian passport . 
  i can ; t see any credible source for that . 
  even if it was true , i wouldn ; t worry about it . 
  trying that would be political suicide and if it worked , those who would allow their children to undergo this treatment would probably raise their kids as worker drones rather than free citizens anyway . 
  i ca n't tell which side you 're arguing . 
  and yes it is , because its defending their sovereignty and no debt to the imf is n't the same thing . 
  inb4 '' we promote democratic values . '', 
  i never said it was noble to loot a country , i said its noble to defend ukrainians sovereignty . 
   answering about 70 % of questions correctly , young adults in sweden , germany and italy ranked the highest of the nine countries surveyed . 
  they were followed by the french ( 61 % ) and japanese ( 55 % ) . 
  respondents in great britain answered 50 % correctly . 
  their peers in canada , the u.s. and mexico answered fewer than half the questions correctly . 
  http://www.nationalgeographic.com/geosurvey2002/download/ropersurvey.pdf this data is rather old , but i doubt much has changed . 
  americans are notoriously bad at geography . 
  america is a huge country and very diverse socially with many better off people and man many worse off people and europeans on average tend to be better educated and more globally minded . 
  they speak more languages , etc. 
  i also didn ; t make geographical knowledge the only thing . 
  americans could at least tell you that they were in afghanistan `` because 9/11 '' and that the taliban were harbouring terrorists . 
  lots of people don ; t even know transnistria is a thing . 
  i also mentioned government . 
  the us government spends a lot of time talking afghanistan , because its an actual issue for the country . 
  something that can not be said about european countries and these pariah states . 
  people will complain about what russia is doing in syria , you an ; t reason with them because they believe pull `` meme beliefs '' like `` democracy . '', 
  its a meme belief because its a concept of convenience , their own countries support undemocratic states when its convenient . 
  the fact of the matter is , even without assad , you would just have a rerun of iraq , which is now like syria , which is like iraq , etc. 
  its a delusional amnesia to continue a policy of finally settling that war and recognizing the legitimacy of the assad government . 
  also on the topic of nato and isis , in the same period of time , they dropped 10 times more bombs milo\u0161evi\u0107 's serbia than isis . 
  talk about priorities ... 
  usually quite stale if you use overland transport . 
  on ice with air express is the only way to go if you want ural memes at their peak dankness . 
  how are the two mutually exclusive ? 
   south-ossetia , abchasia , transnistria most people could n't even point these places out on a map or tell you the significance of them and they 're barely on any country 's radar when it comes to dealing with russia . 
  that should tell you how much of a difference they make in european politics . 
   we should n't be financing the next bite he takes out of europe . 
  this is so silly . 
  putin does n't want to be emperor of europe , not to mention he can ; t take a bite out of neighbouring countries now because they are all nato . 
  he 's a rational actor , he might not play nice at all , but that 's principle power politics for you . 
   russian aggression needs to be contained - thats the opposite from shooting ourselfs in the foot . 
  look at the economic data and tell me theist is true . 
  europe is n't one to talk about shooting itself in the foot considering how it handled libya . 
  i also have to thank western europe ( and my own government ) for how it handled syria because again we 're shooting ourselves in the foot . 
  oh ... well ... remove kebab ? 
  also to add to it its the americans pressuring europe to shot themselves in the foot and sanction russia . 
  the united states can ; t stand a strong european economy to comet against the us and it ca n't stand europe not agreeing with it every step of the way . 
  remember they way they cried when france was against the war in iraq ? 
  they called `` french fries '' in the pentagon `` freedom fries . '', 
  i wish that was parody , but its not . 
  for a country that cares so much about freedom and talks of russia as an undemocratic state , they sure as hell don ; t care about djukanovic as long as he makes the adriatic 100 % nato ... such a hypocritical foreign policy . 
  this is just further signalling that its not in europe 's interest to sanction russia . 
  when you look at the most powerful states in europe , such as france and germany , the sanctions were half hearted , then look at countries like slovakia , spain , hungary and they openly protested the sanctions . 
  all these states have lost huge swathes of trade because of this and for what ? 
  crimea will never be returned to ukraine . 
  its a noble gesture not to give up on ukraine , but its futile and not worth the cost . 
  its so stupid to divide the civilized eurasian continent while we have a literal clusterfuck just below us that is weakening all of us . 
  this makes sense , t his isn ; t even being anti-islamic . 
  the fact of the matter is , the niqab is n't purely an islamic garment , but its associated with particular cultures and schools of islam not native to bulgaria that is not to say that people should entirely shed their culture , when they come to bulgaria , but admittedly the niqab is not something we want people bringing over . 
  the niqab wasn ; t a thing when bulgaria was part of the ottoman caliphate , was n't a thing in bosnia either . 
  the common denominator is the extinction of native , conservative , traditional schools of islam in these two countries with the new , revisionist and practically extremist school of islam exported by the gulf states . 
  islam is a part of bulgaria 's history and modern bulgarian society , but not this islam . 
  to allow the balkans ' native schools of islam be displaced by salafists would be like having young earth creationist protestant churches replace orthodoxy of catholicism , something we would never let happen . 
  exactly !, 
   with ottomans , the city again became a power-house and the cultural capital of a vast empire like it was in the early byzantine period . 
  ignoring that now it was caliphate rather than an actual descendant of the roman empire and a christian state . 
  you know , i never thought of it that way !, 
  oh , well still , not exactly amicable . 
  i did not know that , but it does n't surprise me either considering that nobles across the spaces the ottomans conquered converted to islam in order to maintain social status . 
  it only took 500 years and the help of a superpower to learn !, 
   i 'm just saying serbia officials changed the history and position of their fascists , something completely unimaginable in croatia where no official will ever do the same with croatian nazis , ustashas . 
  look i dislike the chetniks as much if not more than the usta\u0161e . 
  not a lot to be proud of there . 
  as for not officially rehabilitating usta\u0161e , what about the movie about jasenovac that recently came out and that the israeli ambassador complained about ? 
  or the croats who went to austria to the graves of executed usta\u0161e and got their guns taken away by the austrian authorities . 
  there is a lot of respect for the usta\u0161a history today , just as much as there is in serbia for the chetnik movement . 
  like that piece of shit series `` ravna gora '' but that is besides the point . 
   ou mentioned ustashas and canadians , i recalled and confirmed you were talking about events from the nineties . 
  atterwards i spent some time ( for the others ... ) to analyze and demistify your naming of ustashas . 
  then you said you just used a derogatory term and confirmed you 've known those people in the nineties were n't connected with the ustasha movement . 
  okay fair enough , its wasn ; t correct of me to use the word usta\u0161a , its political , inaccurate , etc. . . but what happened at gospi\u0107 stands and one can make a ideological connection between the massacres of the 1940s and those of the 1990s . 
   this last comment is just continuation of trying to dip your dick in my brain . 
  firstly that is a very odd phrasing of things `` dip dick in brain . '', 
  i kind of like it through , very vulgar . 
  good imagery . 
  second how is it that at all ? 
  literally when there is every a problem in croatia people say `` joj , komunjara '' or `` jebiga \u010detnici . '', 
  meanwhile the communists were obviously defeated and the serbs are a tiny minority . 
  if anyone can complain about the other its the bosniaks , croats and serbs in croatia because they each make up a big enough proportion of the population to actually block each other and make problems for one another .
