  well lad , spheres of influence change . 
  and nato put you under its warm tender wings so you do n't have to have bad dreams about the muscovite boogeyman of the east  the nato game changer was something ukraine did not have !, 
   yes , because the us military does n't make up the most significant portion of nato forces , right ? 
  and the us president is not the commander-in-chief , right ? 
  and men ca n't be convinced ? 
  circumvented ? 
  the president is powerful , but he 's not invincible . 
  the chiefs of staff was able to convince kennedy of doing the bay of pigs even though he wasn ; t initially comfortable with it . 
   oh , so russia 's pretty much the only one ? 
  yeah , i wonder why we should be wary of russia . 
  oh yeah , well let 's not pretend kosovo , a practically annexed country of 1/2 million people and a big ol' u.s. military base isn ; t any different . 
  just because they u.s. didn ; t do it in a matter of days doesn ; t mean it did n't happen . 
  you 're point of view really is very black and white . 
   and yet they are considered to be incredibly important for nation states . 
  so important that everyone has them ? 
  that ukraine willfully sold them off ? 
  nuclear weapons are a plain old no-go . 
   i want russians to keep their ambitions on this shit in their own country . 
  historically they have n't done that . 
  the entire post here is about being wary of them , yet you 're just dismissing this . 
  i 'm dismissing it because its irrational and dangerous . 
  are you going to cry if i don ; t agree with you ? 
   i 'm pretty sure if germany said `` no '' to the us , then the us would not try to annex the parts of germany with the bases . 
  well germany just so happens to be a very reasonable and stable prosperous country . 
  absolutely nothing like ukraine !, 
   this is the shit we keep hearing with regards to russia all the time . 
  `` oh , you think others do n't do this ? '', 
  yet when you ask for examples of other countries in the 21st century starting a war to annex territory they go `` muh iraq . 
  murica is just as bad . '', 
  well all i am saying is that it makes no sense to have moral outrage for something our allies do . 
  and realize its a rational move as part of a sphere of influence strategy . 
  not some maniacal land grab . 
  i 'm not trying to play tit-for-tat , just drawing comparisons . 
  just as u.s. involvement in iraq wasn ; t about trying to annex the middle-east , russia isn ; t trying to annex eastern europe . 
  that is not the end game . 
  well you did n't dissect how its propaganda , not sure what to say other than you 're emptily slandering me . 
  why is it so controversial not to take politician 's statements at face value ? 
   yes , because this is n't at all what happened in crimea , and it currently is n't happening in ukraine , right ? 
  crimea was practically rented to the russians and is a tiny portion of non-contiental ukraine . 
  you think any other state would n't protect its strategic interests like this ? 
   you see , the problem with this whole thing is that you ca n't just bank on this not happening . 
  because the consequences of it happening would be and are disastrous . 
  the last russian occupation left eastern europe so far behind the western world economically , and as a result quality of life is much worse in those regions . 
  they have not recovered . 
  not one of those states has recovered . 
  and we can ; ' t bank on people 's fears either . 
  yes eastern europe stagnated under soviet times , what do you want ? 
  the russian had it even shittier . 
  at least hungarians could get a damn passport . 
  your point is so hypothetical its pointless to even address . 
   this is like saying `` oh , why do we care about nuclear weapons anyway ? 
  no country is going to use them because it would be suicide . '', 
  actually that is a well defined political-science school of thought when it comes to nuclear weapons ... 
   how the fuck is this nuanced ? 
  you 're blatantly saying that they 're lying to people to get more money into some industry . 
  lad , sometimes politicians say things they do n't really mean to get things they want . 
  i really hope that you do not take anything that any government says as gospel or at face value . 
  i did n't say they lied , i said the hyperbolized the issue . 
  secondly , the circumstances . 
  if this was said after a serious balto-russian diplomatic crisis , i would be more inclined to take what they said as truth . 
  as i see it , the baltic states are in no immediate danger . 
  thus the rhetoric is an instrument of another goal . 
  thirdly , its something that has been done before and nato has seen no need to do so . 
   they attacked a country inside europe to annex land . 
  how many more facts do you need to be wary of russia ? 
  a country which moscow since the fall of the the polish-lithuanian duchy part of its sphere of influence . 
  we saw how cuba got under the collar of the u.s. 
  the soviet union basically committed suicide over afghanistan . 
  i 'm not saying might makes right , but that is the principle powers game . 
  do you think the u.s. would accept mexico joining bricks ( if that was still a thing lol ) . 
  regardless , we know washington wouldn ; t stand by that hypothetical . 
  the baltic states are perfectly well shield by nato . 
  ukraine was late to the game and got bit . 
   especially when there is no guarantee that the biggest nato force will even hold up article 50 , because of what a presidential candidate has said . 
  nato is much bigger than one potential candidate . 
  perhaps his affinity for putin would change the climate even ? 
  putin isn ; t in the land grab game for the sake of land . 
  he did it for sphere of influence . 
  don ; t touch the sphere , he won ; t touch you . 
  its rather obvious , there is no benefit to grabbing land for the sake of land . 
   please give me a list of countries that started a war to annex land in the recent years . 
  and then please explain to me how nobody has to be worried or wary about what those countries do . 
  well we 've lived in an otherwise stable time , mostly we 've had balkanization and as i said , land grabs have otherwise been moot . 
  no worries , damn hollywood tropes have everyone fact trippin ' did you know that if you shot a gas tank the whole car explodes ? 
  or that if you grunt , you can lift supremely heavy things or that you can not go grocery shopping without buying a baguette ? 
   my point is that unlike the west , who had full support of the allies post wwii to become stable again , ee was forgotten and had to pull themselves out of that mess . 
  i think land grabbing in the context of war is a completely different scenario . 
  especially since the cccp 's predecessor the russian empire had aspirations in romania , bulgaria , etc. 
   it is understandable that parts of ee still feel unsafe in regards to russia . 
  we ca n't let ghosts hand on . 
  if the franco-german rivalry continued after wwii , you bet that eu wouldn ; t have existed . 
  the post-communist experience of russia was an utter disaster if peace , prosperity and reconciliation were our goals . 
  the ghost of the cold war still lives . 
  but instead of fight it , people embrace it . 
  not much we can do at this point ... it is what it is ... also eastern europe can ; t agree on how it feels about russia . 
  bulgarians are a good example of a confused post-soviet state . 
   here we are again , eh ? 
  the end of history . 
  today 's borders are locked forever . 
  you realize everyone who ever said this has been wrong .
