  you vote left wing , another person votes right wing , disagreement , but no hate . 
  its not justified , but thats just foreign policy . 
  all principle powers do it . 
  the strong as they will and weak endure as they must . 
  no offence , but i 'm going to take anything someone with a union jack says about a catholic with a grain of salt . 
  it was the anglos who invented the whole `` dark ages '' theory about the middle ages and the catholic church . 
  a theory that is wholly refuted by modern , secular historical scholarship . 
  you did n't even make an argument with what you said . 
  crimea was a strategic region , tons of russian military installations . 
   most of us in eastern europe welcomed more presence from the usa with open arms . 
  50 years spent under soviet rule is enough to make any sane and rational person distrustful and fearful of russia . 
  yea and russia is supposed to trust you guys . 
  romanian regiments we 're in stalingrad , probably executed some civilians along the way passing through ukraine . 
  do you wonder why they kept you under their sphere of influence ? 
  secondly romania was pretty damn independent . 
  it had its own flavour of communism and literally did not answer to moscow , they were more pro-china . 
  do n't try any one this victim of moscow bs . 
  that is irrelevant , why should n't someone have an opinion ? 
  i mean its a little rich to hear people talk about being open societies and being multicultural . 
  multiculturalism isn ; t about people eating different food and wearing funny hats . 
  you know you might actually disagree with some part of their culture ? 
  bosnia and herzegovina as a whole is a ridiculous concept . 
  even in this form its poorly executed . 
   no , the difference is that there was a kingdom of croatia within the same borders before yugoslavia came to be ( are you even a croat , it does look like yo missed parts of your own history ) . 
  there were actually three kingdoms united under one crown ... also why is this relevant , there is a bavarian language and a bavarian flag and a bavarian language , i do n't see anyone clamouring for an independent bavaria ? 
  history is muddy and has a million variables . 
  its just a matter of which one we choose to use to add legitimacy to a claim . 
  and no they were not the same borders . 
  croatia 's borders actually expanded under yugoslavia . 
  if it was n't for yugoslavia , that little goat would ' ; t be on the croatian crest in the middle of their flag . 
  that is the symbol of istria , a region of croats that was formerly under italian rule and it was only taken by tito 's yugoslavia . 
  i know croatian history very well thank you very much ...  also the west aligned with croatia because of the brutality of the serbian army . 
  you ask the canadians who were in the medak pocket and ask the about brutality . 
  who was more violent really was not their measure ... 
  when it comes to foreign policy , that is just a veil . 
  no one cares about brutality as long as someone forwards their interests . 
  so what is it about then ? 
  i understand that its a `` truth '' to you that a man and a man loving one another is just as legitimate as a man and woman , why is it a problem if someone peacefully disagrees with that ? 
  so you don ; t want people to be free thinking ? 
  you can ; t handle people with different opinions ? 
  its true , but its just the nature of politics . 
  no amount of constructivist global systems will trump realist state behaviour . 
  its also just inconvenient for russia that ukraine is its neighbour and its european . 
  no one gives a damn about iraq or libya . 
  and you think croatia had anything when it started ? 
  if it wasn ; t for western assistance we would western serbia . 
  you realize that the vast majority of the yugoslav army officers were serbs , that the yugoslav army acted from order in belgrade and that yugoslavism ( not a bad concept ) morphed into greater serbia concept ( bad idea in case you did n't know ) . 
  croats basically had heavily armed police until the west sent aid and sent western special forces to train croats and create an independent army . 
  sure croatia has more historicity than the donetsk republic , but nationalism is a fluid concept and a nation or a state or any identity can be erased or enforced overnight with enough force . 
  nice try champ , except this poor woman was living in a bright shiny secular society and still decided to kill her self . 
  your list there is absurd . 
  it reads like a propaganda piece . 
  i 'm glad you appreciate the moral frame work this ` abrahamic cult '' gave you . 
  i 'm sad to see that you are most likely actively destroying it . 
   that 's because geopolitics is just a bunch of hypocrisy and opportunity . 
  exactly this . 
  serbs and montenegrins also write in latin script . 
  state stuff is almost always in cyrillic , but commercial print is sometimes more often in latin script because its easier to do online and is readable across the ex-sfrj i 'm not sure if he meant that serbs , croats , bosniaks and montenegrins have to talk slowly to understand each other , or he meant that about croats , slovenes and bulgarians . 
  if he many the former , he is utterly wrong . 
  okay its no doubt that moscow incurred here , but lets not be unfair . 
  you know if you asked them about western ukraine they would say that you did n't decide but that washington did or that soros did ... 
  not even catholic and i 'm still a fan of poland and it being catholic . 
  why ? 
  if belgium is a state , if kosovo is a state , i 'm not sure why this could n't be . 
  not saying it 's a good place or a place i would want to live , but i mean it has borders , a functioning government , a decently capable military force ( probably russian for the most part , but still ) . 
  i san they have passports and tram tickets for christ 's sake ... how doe anyone think croatia came to be ? 
  tore itself off from yugoslavia in the same way . 
  difference is that the west eventually supported croatia . 
  how do you not understand its a bullshit word . 
  its an ivory tower invention that is absolutely ridiculous . 
  people who talk for hours about things being social constructs and genders begin fluid are suddenly fascists when it comes to peoples ' cultures . 
  the funny thing is that its usually white people again telling people of colour what they and others should do with their culture . 
  as sevven777 said , cultural appropriation is just culture . 
  wars happen , people move , societies communicate . 
  so much gets taken passed around , shared that the concept of something being appropriated as a problem is silly . 
  sure you should ; t be insensitive to someone 's culture . 
  for example , going to a halloween party in blackface with a lion skin on yelling oooga booga , or idk a sombrero with hand cuffs , etc. 
  but otherwise , all this cultural appropriation stuff is ridiculous . 
  poland is one of the sane states in the eu . 
  please keep it catholic . 
  they used to write \u0161tokavian-ijekavian ( i will not call it bosnian ) in arabic during ottoman times in bosnia . 
  they need affirmation of their lifestyle , you are a hater if you do not !, 
  never said it was , but if this is what is idolized and celebrated , i do n't want a part in it . 
  that 's all . 
  it is n't luckily , other people are doing it m , better than europeans !, 
  we should probably stop trying until we have something good to write or draw . 
  i like how the croats have to adapt yet you let even more conservative middle easterners pour in . 
  we do n't have to leave to preserve our views , you are making sure they will be dominant anyway . 
  what makes you think i am stupid , that is a rather big assumption based off one small comment . 
  is this how smart people talk ? 
  if this is european culture , then i do n't want to be european ... 
  * former yugoslav empire of macedonia ( fyom ), 
  * former yugoslav empire of macedonia ( fyom ), 
  then there is some other issue at play.perhaps their balance of trade is screwed up . 
  its a corrupt country so it is difficult to set up productive business and then romania imports more than it exports . 
  so yeah maybe in that sense more people exacerbate the problem , but they are not the problem in of themselves . 
   ) in 20 years these extra people will hit the workforce . 
  if you 're lucky , they wo n't be competing with existing members of the workforce . 
  if you 're unlucky , because for example you just had a major socio-economic crash , you 've just developed the making of a crimewave . 
  what do you mean extra people hitting the work force ?
