  but i think people are saying he is a cop . 
  yeah that 's the irony of the left . 
  for all their talk of class and privilege , their leaders leave citizens to the wolves while getting a private guard with uzis, 
  to defend themselves . 
  its not fair to say `` right to self-defence '' and not give people force equalizers . 
  a 250 pound , 6 foot tall professional boxer has more of a right to self-defence than a man in a wheel chair , an average woman , etc. 
  guns and other self defence tools require far less training than empty hand defence , and make it so someone can at least be equal in a fight if not gain the advantage without having to rely on how they were born . 
  come on man , i thought europe was liberal and all about equality . 
  no actually , its the sign of a very advanced civilization because people can be entrusted to take care of themselves and conduct themselves safely . 
  a lesser civilization would either be one with guns and lots of violence or one with no guns and perhaps less violence ( look at u.k knife death skyrocket after gun bans ) but with a population that ca n't be trusted to be rational and mature . 
  well limited to a reasonable end , i think regulating licenses like the czech republic is very reasonable . 
  because self-defence is a fundamental human right and firearms are a big part of it because they are a force equalizer and allow people to defend themselves practically rather than have it some lofty idea . 
   even ar-15s are fine . 
  you know how many shootings , super scary ar-15 or not , happen in the us outside of gun free zones ? 
  like fucking none . 
  yeah i like ar-15s ( though i would rather a dragunov personally ) i don ; t mean to classify sperately . 
  iwas more saying that no one is advocating that we should deregulate it to the point where you can nonchalant buy a semi-auto at will . 
  like the czech republic here will still have rigours licensing and stuff . 
  the irony though is that its more liberal than the new york 's cary laws . 
  cz is a shall issue country while ny is a may issues state , meaning that cz will give you ccw permit if you jump all the hoops . 
  ny can still rejects you because `` reasons . '', 
   in fact , locke argued that the main purpose of the government is to defend life , liberty and property . 
  so if you want to be completely unrestricted in what weapons you have and what violence you inflict even in your own property , you should arguably remove yourself from civilized society . 
  we 're not advocating for anarchical ownership of firearms , like someone can go to the kiosk , buy cigarettes , vodka and a makarov . 
  and yeah locke would be against that . 
  the government 's fundamental role is to protect rights , and we agree on that . 
  why would n't the right to self-defence be one of those rights ? 
  the u.s. isn ; t some wild west . 
  to be honest i would feel safer right now in some parts of the united states than i would in places in europe considering the patterns of terrorism . 
  protection is something we will always need , and the right to a good defence is a necessity . 
  no , its part if a reasonable philosophy . 
  its a fundamental human right , to be able to defend yourself and a gun is an equalizing tool that helps you pursue that right . 
  we want equality right ? 
  well then we needs guns because its unfair that a 250 pound 6 foot tall boxer has more of a right to self-defence than an average woman . 
  people need to have access to pepper spray , and yes sometimes guns . 
  there will always be anded for this , because no amount of education `` workshops , '' rehab or any other wanna-be utopian plan people have will eradicate evil and suffering from this world . 
  self-defence is a right and a pretty smart thing to know considering that at some point in your life , you will lily cross a hostile situation . 
  some people have a greater chance , some lesser ... but hey , who would have thought france would be in the state it is today ? 
  so that is one sort of rational approach for the need to guns the other as i alluded to is the obvious rise in attacks that we have seen . 
  people are not calling for this without reason . 
  there is a real threat out there and with no resolution in sight . 
  with the collapse of is , it may even get worse !, 
  now , you are right , some gun people can be very paranoid , have all sorts of ideas and fantasies in their heads . 
  but they are outnumbered by the good gun owners and the people who irrationally hate guns . 
  many people have no idea of the first thing of guns , yet they start spouting off all sorts of ideas . 
  its not uncommon for journalists in particular to say absolutely ridiculous things about guns and at the same time , be lecturing authoritatively . 
  high capacity assault truck need to all be tracked and their drives vetted . 
  true , but a packed night club is not the ideal place to open fire ... a lot of people can die before someone can actually do something in those situations . 
  the point isn ; t so much about going back and saying `` look it would help here '' or saying '' yeah but its no guarantee you will survive . '', 
  its about exercising rights . 
  no one can promise you anything , but they can give you the ability tot exercise your rights and give yourself a fair chance . 
  anyway you slice it , its better to be armed than to be empty-handed or charging a man with a gun with a chair or whatever else you find . 
  its a reddit specific ad hominem attack pretty much . 
  yeah or an inefficient attack like using a truck , right ? 
  yeah , guns are really easy to move through the balkans . 
  croatia has some pretty isolated borderlands that can be porous for this kind of activity . 
  then its free travel in europe ... 
  yeah actually . 
  never trust anyone , never know who the next mass murderer is . 
  europe is absolutely ripe for tyranny . 
  yeah really , people need to learn about the foundations of western civilization by reading locke , etc. 
  i 'm not saying that everyone should be able to buy an ar-15 at the corner store . 
  but the culture of fear people have towards guns , and the basically pro-statist views are kind of scary . 
  violence is more affected by the state of law and the economic health of a country . 
  if that goes down hill and you don ; t have legal guns , people will just illegal ones or make use of other weapons . 
  everyone says this , but it literally never happens . 
  even with all the people concealed carrying in the u.s. more often than not , there isn ; t a person present with a gun , let alone dozens . 
  life is n't a western shootout . 
  not italian , but have eaten enough panatone in my life to know this is true . 
  this is true , but how much is kfor to blame ? 
  even while it was real actively good , serbs were leaving kosovo because they could easily intergrate in better off parts of yugoslavia . 
  albanians not having the right language were less mobile ... also with population growth , serbs went the urban life style of having 1 kid and albanians kept having more . 
  a lot of serbs leave kosovo and you ca n't really blame them , a lot of albanians stay because they ca n't really leave . 
  however nato `` fucked up '' after the 1999 operations when returning albanians ethnically cleansed the serbs ... 
  looking at the stats , it 's criminal yet no one in the west says anything . 
  it 's a song by plavi orkestar , yugoslavia 1980 's pop-rock band from sarajevo . 
  as much as serbs hate nato troops in kosovo they got ta give it to kfor for protecting the monasteries . 
  albanian radicals would have burned them all to a crisp by now if it was n't for kfor . 
  story from nothing really . 
  skadarlija is a historic district and the restaurants tend to have a mid-century urban culture theme . 
  this definitely fits into the theme . 
  yeah it 's a german song , played during the war , but it was loved even by the allied troops who intercepted it in their radios . 
  it 's not like they erilka , pru\u00dfen gloria or any other song actually used for military purposes . 
  well for how long ? 
  because even countries that were occupied by russia like slovakia and hungary are becoming pro-russia because they identify with traditional values . 
  like it would take a lot of tension to make poles anything near being pro-russia ... but if western europe pushes hard enough with its social agenda , poland will have to align its voice with other european countries that associate with its shared values . 
  this is true , but then people should n't champion the french revolution as they do . 
  no one mentions stalin 's ussr without mentioning the gulags unless they are ideologues . 
  not saying that nothing good came of the french revolution ... but the historiography needs to be sobre, 
  the united states has gotten more secular since abortion was legalized but at the same time the pro-life movement has grown and more people are moving against abortion . 
  yeah liberal meant mass murder ... 
  ever heard of the vend\u00e9e ? 
  france still wo n't talk about this openly . 
  actually most pro-life people would support legislation that would place responsibility on the doctor . 
  it 's technically their hand that does it anyway . 
  this is so black and white ... serbian troops do exercises with both nato and russian troops ... there are also nato military personnel in serbian ( not a base per say ) while russians have a military bases that hosts humanitarian equipment ( it could still be used for other purposes though ) . 
  serbia is n't `` pro-russia '' or `` pro-nato '' it attempts what it calls a `` policy of neutrality '' which most so find annoying ( seems indecisive ) . 
  well that is ideal , but it rarely works out that way . 
  yeah and removing him would probably do damage as well , would n't want to end up with a mini ukraine either , but its basically the perfect situation . 
  pro government forces with the help of private military groups secure the coast line and low cities .
