i do n't know how effective this would be , but it 's probably worth a try . 
  the problem is that a lot of people get radicalized by rogue imams who do not teach in physical mosques but online . 
  if you have state sponsored imams , the radicals will simply denounce them as puppets of the western infidels or jews or whatever . 
  so you can do all you want with mosques in your country , but more often than not , people are looking for a radical message and will find it . 
  so with this state sponsored thing , you will drive people to create independent `` catacomb mosques '' and it wo n't stop youtube imams . 
  scary to know there are so many omits , but reassuring that the police are cracking down !, 
  not really , various interpretation existed before the enlightenment . 
  secondly , this was really only in the case of the anglo tradition where secularism arose because various factions could n't stop killing each other , you did n't see major religious wars in the austro-hungarian empire or german empires after a certain period either . 
  well i 'm not a muslim so i would n't raise them in islam . 
  but until the rise of erdogan and some salafi influence in turkey , it was a pretty `` progressive '' you 'd probably want to call it , country . 
  i would n't raise them in western european secular culture either though . 
  considering where it 's been headed . 
  caveat , i do n't mean the countries themselves , they are safe and good places to live , but i wo n't pretend that i 'm not critical of the culture, 
  regardless , my point stands that islam is not monolithic and one can find parts of any religion or ideology that is violent and radical . 
  islam currently has a pretty radical school as the dominant one . 
  if only the west did n't tolerate saudi arabia so much , we probably would n't have such a problem . 
  it 's their money that is funding the spread of the salafi schools and it hurts muslims as much as it hurts non muslims . 
  what do you think christianity would look like if the westboro baptist church had the backing of an oil rich state ? 
  islam is n't a monolith . 
  you 've never seen a sufi terrorist have you ? 
  same way that you might see a conservative evangelical attack an abortion clinic but you would n't see that kind of behavior from a mennonite or quaker . 
  yes and the french revolution did n't create a sea of blood or turn the international system so far upside down and cause even more war , famine and death . 
  the russian revolution also equally as bloody . 
  nazi germany anyone ? 
  it may have been against a religious minority , but it was n't a religious issue . 
  even non-practicing jews were targeted because the nazi ideology was a `` scientific '' race theory . 
  no god required !, 
  look . 
  i wo n't deny that religion has been an instrument in mobilizing people to war or violence , but that 's all it is , an instrument . 
  do n't underestimate how shitty people can be and how they can turn even the most benign idea into a tool of oppression and war . 
  it was a republic in a federation . 
  you make it sound as if it was occupied . 
  croats among other south slave liberated it and did what they intended do with it . 
  it got into yugoslavia legally in the first place . 
  it also left it legally ( republics had rights to leave , but that is another story ) . 
  that 's great an all , but the post-war fate of the two countries when compared revealed whose actions led to greater self determination in europe when the allies started drawing borders, 
  croatian fascists did . 
  croats were also part of the anti-fascist movement that liberated the state from axis sympathizers . 
  bulgaria as a whole was belligerent ... 
  it 's why they lost their independence unlike yugoslavia that had a big enough domestic movement to liberate themselves . 
  if it was n't for serbs , croatia would n't be what it is today . 
  true what you said about the commonwealth , i still believe that we white wash the legacy . 
  canada obviously had a natural breakaway from britain , but the other colonies are little more controversial historically . 
  i also still stand behind nato being a pan-anglo muscle group . 
  as for ukraine and russia , all powers do this in their regions . 
  just read latin american history , look at how the u.s. `` shaped '' politics in countries like in chile and guatemala where they either started a war or orchestrated a coup to put their own guy in . 
  let 's not pretend that pinochet was any good for chile ... 
  it 's just a matter of realist politics . 
  as for the whole friends thing you mentioned . 
  are you not more natural allies if you have similarities ? 
  a similar langauge leads to better communication , which makes trade easier , etc. 
  not saying that the slavic states need to unite and homogenize , but that good relationship between them is n't some terrible thing either . 
   because we all say `` kurva '' we should inherently have common goals . 
  because a dominating force following a pan-whatever policy have always used for personal benefit . 
  wow you really downplay the similarities to just sharing single swear word ? 
  its true that you just ca n't pick states of being similar to you . 
  serbia and bulgarians are slavs and orthodox , double similarity , but that does n't mean serbia should work them more than say the croats or hungarians . 
  that said , any notion of unity among slavs has become demonized and that is n't fair . 
  it also is n't fair to just blame russia for all of it either . 
  as for the personal benefit , you can use that critique for literally any ideology . 
  oh its just for germany 's benefit . 
  democracy ? 
  oh its just for the bourgeoise 's benefit . 
   \u0457\u0441\u0442\u0438 ( eat ) , \u0454 ( is ) there is no way it to be mistake . 
  oh sorry , yeah that is totally different . 
  in other slavic languages they can be pretty similar . 
  i know in neo-\u0161tokavian ( serbian , croatian , bosnia , etc ) that they are basically the same and in russian too . 
   yea ... there is a problem . 
  most russians do not understand why ukrainians hate them . 
  like what we did wrong ? 
  crimea always was russian !, 
  killing crimian tatars and destroying their schools ? 
  that 's ukrainian propaganda !, 
  we just defend russian speakers !, 
  ( if they admit russian presence there ) . 
  most you problem because of americans !, 
  you have no reasons to hate us !!!, 
  russian definitely do have a bit of a paternal and unfair view of things , but i also do n't think its fair to hate russian for something that other russian did in the past . 
  that said they should probably come to terms with their history . 
  we forget though that other states did it too . 
  the only difference is that we 're lucky enough to have ukrainians still protesting . 
  other peoples were not so lucky and were absorbed into european nation-states . 
  the russian empire may have tried , but they did n't have the means !, 
   true , but at same time it gives opportunity only to show their view . 
  i 'm sure that people know each others points more than well enough from the politics i the news and the banter in other internet forums . 
   i 'm not lying . 
  those provinces were given to the bulgarian tsardom by germany , in exchange for military access . 
  they were under temporary administration with the agreement being that their fate would be decided by the axis after the end of the war . 
  no bulgarian troops participated in the capturing of said provinces . 
  stop trying to absolve your country of its participation . 
  you were obviously belligerent with the axis . 
  bulgarian troops may have not captured yugoslav territory , but they sure as hell occupied it . 
  history showed that you were n't just guarding potatoes there either ...  what i think is irrelevant . 
  the fact remains that we did not declare war on the ussr and we did not send troops to fight for the axis . 
  we signed tripartite pact three months prior to the beginning of `` barbarossa '' at a time when the axis and ussr were at peace and the allies were driven out of europe . 
  had our government made any other decision in these circumstances the results would have been catastrophic and pointless for the bulgarian state . 
  you may have not sent troops around , but each one of your troops standing around in yugoslavia meant one more german troop going around yugoslavia hunting partisans and slaughtering sympathizers . 
  or it meant one more german soldier on the eastern front . 
  bulgaria `` saved '' itself from as you said catastrophic war , but in the process made a deal with the devil . 
   but instead of `` is '' they used `` eat '' .
