   you are born croat . 
  nice try at trolling m8 . 
  yeah , those orthodox croats could have avoided two rounds of ethnic cleansing this last century , just if they admitted they were actually croat !, 
  what a pity ...  did they raised you to ignore our traditions or do you celebrate both ? 
  what are croat traditions ? 
  i 'm not catholic so no to that , if you mean folk traditions , they vary by region and are not exclusive to croats anyway . 
   what i do n't get it why you isolate yourself so much how am i remotely isolating myself ? 
  keeping a unique identity is isolating ? 
   also i have feeling you do n't like croats much . 
  so just being a serb , not wanting to be assimilated into croatdom ... means i dislike croats ? 
  because my forefathers lived here through the centuries , so there is my god given right , and the croatian constitution gives me the legal right . 
  really ? 
  i was reading a book with accounts from wwii , apparently quite a few of them were collaborators with the nedic regime . 
  i 'm sure quite a few joined the partisans as well . 
   if i would be born in austro-hungary and went to capital of austro-hungary for education that give me foundation for future work . 
  hm i guess i am serbian . 
  make sense . 
  people did n't associate themselves with austria-hungary the way people associate with a nation state today . 
  it was n't a key part of their identity . 
  no one is saying that his education in vienna was n't a key milestone in his life , its just that it does n't make him an austrian . 
   people just because they are ortodox does n't mean they are serbian . 
  no not necessarily , but that in combination with the rest of their upbrining / conditioning makes it so . 
   people are born in croatia like that and it states they are croats . 
  religion is an option . 
  okay so i am a croatian citizen , who is ethnically serb , are you saying i don ; t exist ? 
  i guess religion is optional , the way i speak is optional too , my identity is optional , it does n't mean i don ; t exist !, 
  i chose not to assimilate / identify as an ethnic croat . 
  you do n't understand society in the balkans , your family could have lived in croatia for 300 years , but you 're still a serb . 
  sure you were a subject of the austrian crown , or yugoslavia , or a citizen of the modern republic of croatia . . but that does n't make you ethnically croat . 
   educated in vienna so you if you were to live and work in dubai for a decade you suddenly become an arab ? 
   but yea his father was ortodox priest so i guess he was serbian . 
  well you know , this would then influence the culture he was raised in , the way he spoke ... etc. 
   fuck logic . 
  fyi , he self-identified as a serb . 
  norway is pretty progressive when it comes to policies in kosovo . 
  they are helping the serbs without antagonizing pristina ( too much ) . 
  not statistically true ... now the complicity in harbouring child abusers that is another thing . 
  i do n't doubt at all he in it right now . 
  he is even more powerful than he was before . 
  with all his soft power , civili society institutions he obviously promoted fear mongering about the brexit . 
  markets always panic ... to be honest i think largely players collectively push for it . 
  volatility is when money is made . 
   everyone breaks the law at some point in their lives . 
  are you unvirtuous because you didnt stop at red light in traffic once in your life ? 
  funny you mentioned that actually , i did that the other day by accident . 
  i don ; t mean to say that someone who takes drugs is incapable of being virtuous , just that the act in of itself is n't . 
  as for the analogy with the red light . 
  that is illegal and no one promotes it . 
  much like buying illegal drugs , it can be relatively harmless or immeasurably harmless . 
  with there red light , maybe you pass through without accident , or maybe you hit a car and kill a family . 
  with drugs , its an opaque supply chain so you don ; t know if its some old hippies growing cannabis in his back yard or some balkan mafia group who funds arms and human trafficking with their drugs . 
   which is better . 
  rather have the drug users follow the laws of the state than the laws of criminals . 
  well if they are so concerned with following the law , why do n't they do it in the first place ? 
  if life was that easy , pudding would be classified a vegetable and potato chips fruit . 
   but the reasons someone decides to prefer opiates are different from the reasons for preferring amphetamine for example . 
  or if someone prefers weed . 
  those are completely different situations with different reasons for the person to decide its okay to use the drugs . 
  still does n't make it okay . 
  i can think of personal justifications for a lot of illegal things lol . 
   i think the fact that drugs are not legal and regulated by the state simply feeds organized crime . 
  the fact that unvirtuous people choose to break the law and use these drugs is what feeds organized crime . 
  legalization is moral capitulation . 
   if they were regulated by the state and legal , 80 % of organized crime would basically die out . 
  no it would just transfer the business to the * other * organized crime a.k.a the state . 
   also theres so many different reasons people use different drugs that you cant say its `` weakness of character '' i 'm talking recreational use . 
  yeah there are compounds in cannabis that help all kinds of diseases , but get a doctor and get it in a pill . 
  no one lights up willow bark when they have joint pain , they take an aspirin . 
   i just have a personal ideology against really anything being used instrumentally as one would for example become addicted to cigarettes , abuse alcohol , drop acid , smoke a joint , etc. 
   its weakness of character and a waste of time and can cause trouble which is all a cost to people immediately nearby and is a cost to society . 
  i just have a personal ideology against really anything being used instrumentally as one would for example become addicted to cigarettes , abuse alcohol , drop acid , smoke a joint , etc. 
  its weakness of character and a waste of time and can cause trouble which is all a cost to people immediately nearby and is a cost to society . 
  why are you so butt hurt ? 
  oh i see by the down votes i hit a sore spot . 
  if i even have to answer that , why bother ? 
  you 're in too deep . 
  tobacco and alcohol can be equally as degenerate , but no need to invent new vices and give people more channels to become degenerate . 
  https://www.google.ca/trends/explore#q=pfefferspray%2c%20selbstverteidigung%2c%20elektroschocker&amp;geo=de&amp;date=today%2012-m&amp;cmpt=q&amp;tz=etc%2fgmt%2b4 google trends from germany for the last 12 months with the terms : pepper spray , self-defence and stun gun . 
  back in january sporting goods stores could n't keep enough pepper spray on the shelves , people were buying them like mad . 
  its died down though on google trends because its something you buy once and carry * hopefully * without incident . 
  this news and the google trends though show there is an obvious need , really sad . 
  d e g e n e r a c y, 
  sorry , something i was taught in school . 
  global research has a decent front to it . 
  not whataboutism , i just like to make sure people know of the moral relativity of international relations . 
  i live in the west now and people here are not well versed in history . 
  sure they know to blame the soviet union , fair enough . 
  the soviet union did a lot of things . . 
  yet they fail to know the ones their own countries have done . 
  there is total amnesia . 
  i 'm not russian , i just try and be objective . 
  trust me , i know i 'm not very popular . 
  my thinking is that they already had strategic bases on crimea and it was to no benefit to take crimea from ukraine because of the international repercussions . 
  that is unless they felt it necessary . 
  its easy to get emotional about it and label it with moral judgments but that does no good . 
  same with all these other places . 
  abkhazia , south ossetia , there is no reason to actual reasons hold these places unless actually necessary , they are a thorn in russia 's side . 
  i have a similar read for you too !, 
   educate yourself . 
   your comments all over this thread .
