  if you really want to fuck with incentives , give tax breaks to the people that make enough money to support themselves and are most likely to raise smart and successful kids . 
  it 's not overpopulation as such , it 's the lack of economic opportunities we need to be concerned with . 
  no point making people if there are not enough good jobs for them and they end up on welfare serfs . 
  why do you think birth rates in the south of europe is declining ? 
  is it a coincidence those same countries have a large youth under/unemployment problem ? 
  it 's not , if they had good jobs they would have babies . 
  benefits wo n't fix that . 
  edit 2 :  you personally , directly and indirectly benefit from the existence of those children . 
  not unconditionally , not every dumb kid from dumb parents is a blessing . 
   i 'm not shortsighted , selfish and ignorant oh yeah , i can see that . 
   benefits having well looked after children bring to society and myself . 
  who ever said you should not look after your kids , responsible parents do n't need other people to pay for their own children . 
  i think the idea of forcing people to pay to raise someone else 's kid is abhorrent and immoral . 
  i prefer travelling by train than flying . 
  for small trips it 's just more convenient , you 're off at railway stations in the middle of town instead of landing at a distant airport . 
  for longer trips , i think it gives you a sense of geography and distances you do n't get in a plane . 
  planes are the cheat mode of travelling but you 're missing out on the travelling experience itself . 
  i like to zone out looking at the scenery and people , soaking it in . 
  a great movie featuring retired brits living in spain . 
  more seriously , it 's cheap , safe and sunny . 
  why would n't you want to retire there . 
  there are plenty of brits retiring all over france too . 
  it 's a good thing , they 're buying and taking care of properties in villages and small towns where the french do n't want to live anymore . 
  because : [ sexy beast ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ornwz1qc9yk ) . 
  maybe it is if you 're one of those civil servant or permanent employee of a large french corporation full of cunts . 
  the job market is n't doing that well , opportunities are scarce and most organizations are obsessed with degrees over skills , culturally risk adverse and vertical . 
  the overprotective french system is a joke because it does n't apply to everyone . 
  more and more companies fill their ranks with contractors , in the same office you could have people doing the same job on very different terms with very little in the way of safety or opportunities . 
  it 's the worse of both worlds . 
  there 's a reason why young french people flock to the uk or the us whenever they can . 
  france is a great place to visit or to retire to , not to make an exciting and rewarding career . 
  maybe so , but most of those problems can be avoided . 
  for example : 1 . 
  nobody should be surprised some girl that fucks a bunch of strangers in public at a fair turns out to be batshit crazy . 
  do n't stick your dick in there . 
  and if someone calls the police over your domestic disputes , it 's time to review the life choices that got you there . 
  never mind spending a few days in jail . 
  i 'm sure laws are far from perfect and men get fucked over more often than women but i could never get on board with the mra brigade stuff . 
  meh , just do n't put your dick in crazy . 
  savages . 
  they do . 
  i 'm surprised they do n't sell more of the good stuff abroad . 
  they have [ great small brands ] ( http://www.famigliamartelli.it/english/chisiamo.htm ) that are almost impossible to find . 
  maybe i phrased it wrong . 
  i meant getting involved as a peace keeping force in the middle of a civil war only makes things worse for the people you wanted to protect . 
  either take a side like the russians did or let them fight it out . 
  there was an interesting [ iama by a syrian refugee in austria ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/45sxc3/iama_a_recognized_syrian_refugee_in_austria_ama/ ) that made a similar point :  [ this is a civil war , unreasonable war , and the only victory in it is to end it , this democratic force you are talking about does n't exist . 
  there are only the fascist assad , the genocidal terrorist isis and alqaeda , other islamic factions , and the kurds who have their own national project . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/45sxc3/iama_a_recognized_syrian_refugee_in_austria_ama/d016ixo ), 
  alternatively , politicians meddling with a military resolution without taking sides only help dragging the conflict for years . 
  lead , follow or get out of the way . 
  [ pretty much ] ( http://fxcuisine.com/default.asp?language=2&amp;display=98&amp;resolution=hhigh ) . 
  these guys are the product of a corrupt power structure rather than a few isolated bad apples . 
  of course there are backroom deals and shady donations for favors , politics as usual could n't operate without them . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you , if you have faith in politics more power to you . 
  i 'm just saying french people are n't cynical about politics without reasons . 
  i 'm not sure they do n't care , it 's more like they do n't have a choice . 
  today sarkozy is in trouble , tomorrow it will be somebody else . 
  they 're all more or less dirty regardless of their affiliation . 
  that 's beautiful but my balls shrank a little just looking at those . 
  do the aurora borealis actually look like that or is it a camera trick ? 
  man , people used to hustle really hard back then . 
  we got so soft . 
  allowing some amount of cheating is the grease that 's oiling the machine , a central authority controlling and taking a cut of everything is hubris and can not work . 
  edit : 1 . because sometimes its best to let the small fish go , if they thrive they 'll go legit , open a regular business and eventually pay more taxes than if you tax the shit out of every baby sitter , lawn mower , window cleaner , handjob artist or whatever . 
  2 . because everyone thinks they 're the good guys until they are n't . 
  the state is n't always benevolent and it must not have complete power over individuals even if that means losing a little tax revenue here and there . 
  [ nabila_ramdani ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nabila_ramdani )  in december 2000 , while a student in paris , ramdani launched the `` comit\u00e9 des usag\u00e8res de la ligne a '' , a group calling for temporary sex segregation in public transport while safety issues , and especially violence against women , were resolved . 
  nope , no way . 
  the author is out of her mind . 
  you make it sound like you 're owed a free lunch every day and that someone else should pay for it . 
  is it because you care about the country and others do n't ? 
  really ? 
  that 's just a little weird . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're trolling but your hate boner for anyone that makes a little money is really over the top . 
  this . 
  there is no free daycare , education , healthcare , or anything . 
  just because you do n't see the bill does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  people are living longer and already consuming probably more than can realistically be afforded to maintain a comfortable lifestyle . 
  generous welfare , wages and pension schemes are unsustainable and have been used to buy allegiance and consent . 
  if you get more shit than you ever contributed or produced somebody else has to be fucked over and pay the difference . 
  i sincerely hope we grow a collective pair and start sending some of those greedy little weasels in pmita jail instead of treating them like royalty . 
  [ kerviel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%a9r%c3%b4me_kerviel ) got out after what , 5 months ? 
  it might set and example for the others and give the rest of us reasons to trust government a little more . 
  edit : to be fair , some do . 
  but that 's the freelancers like [ this idiot ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/jan/30/city-fraudster-alex-hope-investors-cash-fca ) . 
  others get a slap on the wrists in comparison . 
  that makes a pretty good case for living within your means and not borrowing money from cunts you ca n't pay back or they 'll end up owning you one way or another . 
  and i 'm not sure i would qualify the economy of spain or even japan as doing fine . 
  budget deficits have become the new normal , i wonder if it was always the case , when was the last time a state told its creditors to go fuck themselves and what were the consequences . 
  totally sounds like a 90s sitcom pitch , cue the seinfeld soundtrack . 
  the author of the piece op linked framed it as a case of the individual state being powerless and unable to have coherent policies without the eu , that 's just silly . 
  there many things you could say in favor of the eu but that 's not one of them . 
  if someone has so little faith in their own institution they might as well give up already . 
  i have no dog in this fight but not all eu member state are exactly treated as equals and it showed during the recent refugee crisis . 
  the eu we have is a technocratic institution that 's really hard to love as such . 
  i 'm neither smart or well informed and i could n't articulate convincing arguments pro or against the eu but i do n't particularly appreciate being told what to do or think . 
  much less by distant bureaucrats , not even those within my home country . 
  i like europe a lot , i 'm not passionate about the eu as an institution especially when it ca n't agree on anything . 
  eu members have diverging interests on many issues , i do n't see them speaking as one anytime soon .
