  i only wish we 'd stop pushing for democracy in places that ca n't handle it . 
  let them sort it out . 
  you 're missing the point , i do n't give a toss about crimea but i assume russians have their own way of seeing things . 
  i was mostly commenting on the western new cold war hawks selling us russia as a major threat which i find hard to believe . 
  my only point is that the interventionists brigade should take a back seat and stop getting us in trouble after all the damage they 've done . 
  you want to go to war , go volunteer in some fucked up militia but please do n't drag us into that mess . 
  so putin is hitler and russia nazi germany ? 
  it 's a tad hyperbolic but i can see this is a sensitive issue people feel strongly about . 
  i just do n't understand why . 
   crimea was at caspian sea ouch , i 'm a dumbass . 
  i meant the black sea . 
  point being , i do n't see why make such a fuss about regions outside the eu i ca n't even reliably name . 
  our tough stances and support for regime changes in the past decade has not exactly benefited us . 
  let 's do less of that . 
  i mean , i 'm sure some russians felt that way . 
  i do n't condone it , it just is what it is . 
  my point was they were n't acting irrationally with regards to their strategic interests or unpredictably . 
  now someone please do an ad&d alignment chart of european countries . 
  crimea and ukraine , that was a mess but with some grey areas . 
  they could n't let go of crimea without losing their naval base on the caspian sea and they had strategic motives . 
  again , i do n't think that was irrational or unprovoked from their point of view . 
  i could understand the nervousness of eastern european countries but i do n't see why europe as a whole should go to war , even a cold war , over this . 
  edit : i 'm not saying we should give russia props , but i 'd like us to be more realistic in our assessment of what is a threat and what is worth fighting . 
  i 'd like europe to be less interventionist because talking tough then not doing anything is n't getting us any respect . 
  it makes us look weak and undecided . 
  dealing with people you do n't like is unavoidable , we should remember how realpolitik works . 
  i do n't recall anything that made think they were being irrational . 
  as i understand it they got pissed at the threat of nato and eu expansion next to their borders , kosovo independence , georgia over south ossetia and crimea . 
  would n't you say those things made some kind of sense from their point of view ? 
  which one should we really care about ? 
  i just do n't see any of that as a significant threat worth starting another cold war over . 
  especially if you consider our own ( us and eu ) nation building exercises during the same period . 
  are n't the media blowing things out of proportion . 
  sure the russians are being a little pushy but i do n't see how they 're a threat to europe . 
  they act like a nation a little insecure about itself but there has to be smarter ways to deal with them than that . 
  is n't it in our best interest to be in good terms with them ? 
  and should n't we be at least a little happy someone is doing the kind of dirty work that needs to be done in syria that will help end to the civil war over there ? 
  dan carlin had a couple interesting podcast about pissing off the russians : * [ poking the bear ] ( https://audioboom.com/boos/2057050-show-270-poking-the-bear ) . 
  * [ re-heating the cold war ] ( http://www.dancarlin.com/product/common-sense-288-re-heating-cold-war/ ) i 'm really not that keen on rekindling the cold war but i 'm amazed at how aggro our press is towards russia and putin bringing back the rhetoric from that era . 
  i 'm trying to understand , if i 'm missing the obvious please tell me what it is . 
  edit : not that this article is , it makes good points but a lot are n't . 
  the problem with any sort of collectivism is that it is authoritarian by nature and takes responsibility away from people . 
  i do n't think that 's a fair deal but i can see both sides of the argument . 
  neither the us or france is perfect . 
  there is no free lunch , if you want a guaranteed income from the state it 's going to cost you something . 
  you ca n't lift up the bottom 10 % without bringing somebody else down . 
  there are lots of talented people in france that never get a chance to demonstrate that talent . 
  it 's a bit of a shame but that 's just my opinion . 
  interesting , that 's what makes the us a special place . 
  i feel perceived or real income inequalities are not as important as inequalities of opportunity or social mobility . 
  it 's easier to stay optimistic if you feel you have a shot at improving your lot or recover if you fuck up . 
  despite generous welfare , poor people in europe feel trapped and powerless to do anything about it . 
  i remember staying in the us as teenager where i could get a busboy job in a few days which was and is still is unthinkable in france . 
  if getting a job is a problem , people wo n't take risk at doing something possibly more rewarding . 
  it 's a very different style . 
  then again thomas piketty is a distinguished french economist affiliated with personalities from the parti socialiste . 
  sure , but this is not about refugees . 
  it 's guilt as a rhetorical device blaming the rich guy that does too well for himself according to some people 's sensibilities . 
  louis ck has an excellent bit about the [ selfishness of feel good fantasies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cswht_steua ) . 
  it 's genius . 
  being generous at other people 's expense does n't make you a nice person . 
  serious social issues like the refugee crisis should be discussed in grown up terms , not sentimental bullshit . 
  there 's a [ bbc documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oi9z1azxbq#t=41m55s ) explaining female education and the availability of contraception works better than coercive methods to control the growth of population . 
  nicely done but this stuff is preaching to the choir , and it 's very patronizing . 
  if you want to convince people that are n't on your side , use rational arguments to make them see things differently . 
  europe has a good thing going on , it did n't get that way because of people acting on emotions for a quick fix of sentimental gratification . 
  if you think it 's the right thing to do , just explain the rational for bringing over refugees over rather than send money to support refugee camps in the middle east for example . 
  edit : i have no stakes in what germany does , i do n't give a fuck either way but i have a huge problem with manipulative narratives and finger wagging . 
  i resent being emotionally bullied by people to take their side . 
  everybody i know has worked hard for what they have , calling them greedy pigs is n't going to win people over . 
  fuck guilt . 
  needs a bigger gun . 
  but why male models ? 
  zerohedge loves the doom and gloom stuff but this time they might be right . 
  or maybe , just maybe , the welfare state including public pension schemes we 've seen for the past 60 years were a sham all along . 
  neither can be sustained in a world were people live longer and healthier than ever while entering in the workforce much later in life . 
  at least germany has jobs and places like berlin are comparatively cheap so they have that going for them . 
  i was just fucking with you . 
  yes , that would be great but that 's not realistic considering the current state of southern europe , economically and socially . 
  the right thing as in getting your shit together before having kids if you 're living in your parent 's basement and not making any money . 
  i know , that 's practically hitler , right ? 
  ok . let 's look at [ a few stats ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/croatia/youth-unemployment-rate ) : unemployment rate 17.90 % long term unemployment rate 10.40 % youth unemployment rate 44.10 % another country where the birthrate is falling with its under or unemployed youth getting by on part time or seasonal gigs . 
  did fucking go out of style ? 
  nope , it 's just people doing the right thing and delaying having kids until they secure a steady income . 
  edit : i 'm sure there are other factor but the availability of jobs and affordable housing play a huge part in deciding to have children unless you live in a pre-industrial society . 
  rich countries have jobs but it 's difficult for young people to afford a house or suitable apartment to start a family there . 
  while poorer countries have affordable housing but not enough good jobs . 
  edit 2 : fewer kids might also be an adaptation to an [ ageing society where people live longer ] ( http://www.oftwominds.com/blogsept15/lifes-dramas9-15.html ) . 
  if you want to prod people in some arbitrary direction ( make more kids ) , rewarding those who do with tax breaks is less intrusive than punishing those who do n't with more taxes . 
  i think there 's a moral argument why you should pay for your own stuff and not make somebody else pay for it but it 's also a matter handling individual and collective responsibility . 
  putting the state in charge of punishing those who do n't have kids , take their shit away to give it to someone else is way too fascistic for my own comfort . 
  hwhy is it that everybody only has solutions consisting in adding more taxes ? 
  how about positive incentives like less taxes ? 
  i 'm sure / u/dickforbrain is a very nice person but i do n't care about sharing the burden of raising his kids . 
  raise your own damn kids or do n't make them . 
  less people is n't a bad thing , especially less of the kind their parents ca n't afford but make anyway . 
  can you imagine what the world would be like with half the people we have now ? 
  let 's face it , there 's too many people competing for limited resources . 
  once automation really kicks in , we 'll need even fewer but smarter people . 
  edit : we do n't need more kids raised by single mums on benefits that are much more likely to fail in life .
