lisbon , portugal, 
  nazar\u00e9 , portugal, 
  that hapened to portugal a few years ago, 
  elbow on maxi, 
  hum ... in portugal is $ 7,5 + / gallon, 
  not spanish - . -, 
  maxi is out, 
  when irelia uses her q , for a moment , she has a random position in map , if u look to minimap u see irelia doing her jump before amumu q. i think lee has the same problem, 
  cossacks !, 
  :d european wars was the best rts i ever played, 
  no unit limit , 18 + nations with different units and buildings , you can conquer buildings and peasents , its a dumb thing in every rts ... you can only destroy a house when we could use it ... 
  so or we choose to be with him or we go to hell ? 
  we deserve eternal torture ? 
  that does n't seem far to me ... and how is that free will ? 
  aparently palau wins in beer and moldova wins in total alcohol consumption, 
  source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption, 
  if you have doubts in witch runes to use in a champion , just go check guides in lolking or solomid . 
  different guides will have different runes , so just test and use what is more suitable for you, 
  blitz normally its the support/tanky that i fell like a assassin . 
  a good grab normally means a kill . 
  i would look at zac , nautilus or hecarim fun champions to play, 
  thanks for the chance, 
  make a joke contest, 
  good luck everyone , 
  studying all day in university and its blocked : /, 
  well that website is blocked too , but thanks anyway, 
  apparently its a myth, 
  source : http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/1s51h8/how_imgur_grew_from_a_redditors_dormroom_project/cdue2la?context=3, 
  try / r/redditgetsdrawn, 
  top 3 teams were with 33 pts , but now sporting draw , so the winner of this match gets the leadership, 
  blood thirs activating every two attacks instead of 3, 
  if the employs are lazy , people stop going to their restaurant and they lose their job . . and why do you believe that people stop tipping because of the 20 % ? 
  that just not the case , if the employs do a good job they almost all the times get tips , just not so big, 
  hi mr elon i have to thank you for making me believe in space again , i have a couple questions i would like to ask you, 
  what 's next after mars ? 
  with unlimited funding , if you could revolutionize one more industry , not counting with hyperloop , what would it be ? 
  me being a nanoengineer , not understanding mutch about spacerockets , what would you think it 's the potencial of cheap micro rockets blown to space ? 
  edx.org is coming with 2 courses from mit on entrepreneurship , one of them starts today , try to do it , may help you, 
  light behaves like a wave . 
  blue light will have a higher frequency so it will colide more often with atmosferic atoms scattering it , thats why the sky is blue . 
  if you remove blue from the spectrum you are left with yellow , thats why we represent the sun as yellowish . 
  in sunset the light will travel a greater distance in the atmosphere because of the angle . 
  so the blue light is already all scattered so it will scarret the rest of the colors . 
  red has the lowest frequency , so in sunset the sun will be red , because it will not scater mutch . 
  depending on the angle of the sun , the light will have more or less time to scater a specific frequency , so diferent angles will show different sunset colors . 
  edit : once i was on a airplane and saw a greenish sunset , crazy shit, 
  dont be afraid to play against real people , if they start to be toxic just mute them , or dont care ... you will improve mutch faster playing against real people . 
  remeber other people that its just a game and have fun . 
  try find friends to play with you , will also help greatly, 
  my dream come true !, 
  hi , i 'm ricardo and i 'm currently doing a master in nanotechnology . 
  i have a great understanding of microelectronics , mems , hydrophobic materials and sensors . 
  i have some 3d and design experience and i hope i can help !, 
  thank you for the answer . 
  my other problem with the infrared is the price because i need to read the temperature of the glass inside a window and outside , so i need two sensors and i 'm currently in a really small budget . 
  could i use one infrared to calibrate a thermocouple or thermistor ? 
  i should explain my system better . 
  i have an arduino to connect the sensor and i want a automatic system , because it was to measure value in the middle of the night . 
  so my i think the pt it 's the best choice . 
  thanks for all the help , 
  i know it s not ideal now , but i went for this because banner ads would affect gameplay . 
  i tried to add some limits , you have to archieve specific score and you can only see 3 ads per session . 
  skipping means you can play 1 hour and only see 15 seconds of ads . 
  i was thinking of adding a time limit too . 
  my inicial plan was also for ads to be a reward system , but i dint have time to implement it . 
  thanks for your opinion anyway , this is all a learning experience for me , 
  actually it took 17 years for gandalf to search the awnser . 
  frodo was 50 years old, 
  in the first years gandalf returned some times , but without being certain of the awnser . 
  the last voyage i think it was longer like 9 years i think, 
  bad habit, 
  books . 
  it 's actually fun to compare the differences . 
  it 's reversed the first part and it 's spliced . 
  watch [ 31:00 ] to [ 37:00 ] . 
  sry for the portuguese subtitles . 
  there was a news i found that talks about a doctor that found a relation between microcephaly and sarampo vaccine out of date . 
  no ideia it 's veracity but with this news it seems so . 
  [ it 's in brazilian ] ( http://www.semprequestione.com/2016/02/medico-phd-faz-denuncia-alarmante.html?m=0#.vrvshvgrkhd ), 
  i 'm portuguese i know , it 's a bit unfair , but normally i call brazilian when the portuguese is bad . 
  if they are cheating , that should be considered ... you get better performance/liter with what they did , so obviously consumers are happier, 
  when you have a political science degree probably it 's not very easy to get a job . 
  he lived unemployed for a while so at least he knows what is to be poor . 
  i think he tried carpentry but he was n't very good . 
  when you start with a couple millions , it 's a lot easier to just invest and you have a job . 
  he was ... 
  but he di n't invest in company 's because of the profit he would get , but because it were companies with certain moral or environmental principles , not everyone needs/wants to be a billionaire if you are living fine . 
  and trump is only a billionaire because his father got money out of governamental financing programs and trump got bailout of the dept. 
  my point is n't that he is n't rich , it 's that he is a terrible business man . 
  for the money and business that he started his career he actually performed [ below average ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesleadershipforum/2016/03/03/has-donald-trump-underperformed-in-the-real-estate-business/#5e1fae5c5506 ) . 
  so i do n't understand how so many people think is business sense it 's is strong point , many of his financial success envolved scaming people ... 
  what about that guy from cosmos ? 
  i 'm not saying that church destroyed scientific thinking , but it dint help either, 
  also there were 1 million european white slaves , that only stopped because europeans conquered north africa, 
  \u00c9 o mais justo . 
  worth the try, 
  i think if it was the governemt doing it , it would not be illegal . 
  the driver clearly has n't seen the cars movie . 
   ips screen ? 
  amoled is better because you can have true black , while ips its a lcd technology so you always have a backligth , and the liquid crystal will never block 100 % of the ligth .
