aww :( you 're no fun . 
  you 're not my friend , buddy . 
  this whole post . 
  i 'll just leave this here : [ righteous among the nations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/righteous_among_the_nations ), 
  oh , then i 'm glad . 
  somehow i never met anyone that did . 
  dude . 
  / u/gonad-brained-gimp is the first guy i 've seen from england that recognizes the 303 squadron 's ( and other squadrons ) part in the battle of britain , and you nitpick this part out of his post . 
  it might have been redundant , but the other parts are great . 
  this `` mistake '' happens a bit often and is rarely followed by an apology . 
  it would be no matter if it 's said towards a small audience , but this guy is a freakin ' president and his speech is heard by the whole world . 
  on such delicate matters it 's important to choose words wisely , especially by high-ranking politicians . 
  make a mistake like that often enough and the general audience ( the stupid part at least ) will be convinced that it 's the actual truth . 
  by that logic we should redraw every historical map with a neutral colour everywhere , calling it earth . 
  germany occupied and governed many countries in wwii and as such was responsible for what happened there at the time . 
  you 're right with the first part of your post , but saying that religion was not relevant there is just wrong . 
   pogroms and the massive active immigration of jewish poles after the world war tells otherwise . 
  communism was fun like that . 
  i guess poland was also pretty antipolish too , considering the massive active immigration of polish poles after the world war . 
  oh , and do n't forget the discrimination of poles in poland by the totally not communistic regime controlled by polish ussr . 
  what else . 
  ah , yes . 
  being a christian was super fun at the time too . 
  man , those were the times . 
  sorry , but i 'm not going to continue this discussion . 
  here are my last words for this topic . 
  ww2 was a hard time for the whole europe . 
  nobody won that war . 
  i 'm not going to accuse anyone of anything , since i did n't live during that time . 
  i 'm not one to judge them . 
  convictions were done/should have been done 50 years ago . 
  every human being has his/her own story and should always take responsibility for his/her own actions . 
  of course that 's never always the case and people who deserve a life sentence get away with nothing , while innocent people spend years in jail for no reason . 
  on a national level there was no polish responsibility for the actions of the ones betraying the country and helping the nazis . 
  read his post again . 
  he did n't say that his uncle was n't guilty ... his uncle supported the nazis , so i assumed that he did some bad things . 
  if i 'm wrong about that then i 'm sorry . 
  my answer meant that a guilty person ca n't be cleansed of responsibility like that . 
  but you 're right this is getting really confusing . 
  and unnecessary too , since the original poster of the phrase about a polish responsibility corrected him/herself in a second post . 
  sorry , but that 's just being lazy . 
  `` polnische konzentrationslager '' out of context means exactly `` polish death camps '' . 
  an appropriate phrase would be `` nazi-deutsche konzentrationslager auf polnischem grund '' ( nazi-german death camps on polish ground ) . 
  this would take care of these misleading statements . 
  since it 's a very delicate topic , using long words is justified i 'd think . 
  words are a powerful thing these days , and using wrong ones opens up ways for politicians to dispute over unnecessary things of the past . 
  that 's not what i 'm trying to say . 
  and i know life sucked for those german people who opposed the nazi-regime . 
  that 's what the concentration camps were built for ... people had to be silent , or they were slowly killed in those . 
  but we 're talking about `` real polish responsibility '' here . 
  basically it 's about the words used . 
  there is no polish responsibility for the actions of those polish people who helped the nazis , as there were no `` efforts towards a peaceful europe '' by nazi-germany , because of the german citizens who opposed that regime . 
  of course the polish supporters of the nazis did wrong and should take responsibility for their actions . 
  and of course the german opposers of the nazi-regime did good and should be treated as heroes . 
  ( no sarcasm here . ), 
  no , because that 's talking about the actions of a specific person . 
  i 'm not saying that those people who helped the nazis in poland are innocent , many of them i 'd call traitors ( tho i 'd say that also many of them had little choice ) . 
  but their actions are not something you can push on the back of the whole country . 
  this is a micro/macro thing . 
  you are kidding , right ? 
  take a whole country hostage and there will be always people who 'll help the enemy . 
  be it out of fear or other reasons . 
  how can you call that a `` real polish responsibility '' . 
  responsibility for what exactly ? 
  this is stupid . 
  that one guy who made a satyrical page about the former prezydent komorowski ( antikomor i think ) got raided by a freakin ' swat unit . 
  shit 's a bit crazy , yo . 
  it 's different when politicians insult each other , but people should be allowed to post satyrical things on the internet . 
  now with anti-brzoza armor plating . 
  well if we 're talking about children being economically beneficial , then it 's still the case . 
  just long-term instead of short-term benefits . 
  but i refuse to degrade children to a ressource like that ... 
  now , i do understand your points and all . 
  and i see that you put the word `` ruin '' in apostrophes . 
  but i hear that word way too often recently . 
  somehow people ( in my neighborhood for example ) see children as nothing more than a burden , an ` accident ' , something that ruins ones own life ... 
  i ca n't really speak up too much , since i do n't have any children ( yet ) . 
  but i adore children and i think that people forgot about love and stuff . 
  everything seems to be about money . 
  priorities shifted towards a life with digital luxuries . 
  of course i understand the people who 're worried , if they can provide enough income for a family bigger than two . 
  it 's not easy . 
  my mother raised me alone in a foreign country . 
  her life was not easy . 
  her parents raised four children as farmers with little land and under a communstic regime . 
  their lifes were definitely not easy . 
  but we all loved each other and visited regularly ... 
  it all worked out somehow . 
  sorry , this turned out like a rant towards the world , than a reply to your comment , but i hope you understand what i mean . 
  but was n't this always the case ? 
  in what times was it easy to raise children ? 
  it does n't matter if you 're rich or poor . 
  if you want to raise your child , you basically pay with a great part of your daily life for it . 
  of course it might make things easier if you 're financially safe , but i doubt it would change that much . 
  i think that in the last few decades more and more people decided that they 're not ready to make such a big sacrifice/investment , but want to maintain their stable life `` alone '' . 
  maybe it 's fear , maybe it 's being egoistic . 
  the results are visible statistically and economically . 
  you definitely know more about this than i do . 
  i hope that whatever comes out of this will be a good thing , tho . 
  ca n't really judge if the status-quo is better than a split orthodox church between countries would be .
