  i wish i could tell mom that . 
  i try to provide reasoning like yours and yet she blocks herself ... 
  it 's kind of frustrating sometimes . 
  likewise , but sometimes once i set on my points and notice how he/she wo n't listen i let them be . 
  no use talking with a wall . 
  sooner or later , experience has told me , when it hits them the worse they 'll learn . 
  i have this odd question out of topic : i tend to see that acronym and i want to know what ftfy means ? 
  it has always stung in me the whole concept of `` truth '' . 
  the catholics have one , the christians have one , muslims . 
  all of them have a ` truth ' which is the real one and thus the only one . 
  why ca n't these people realize that there are many ` truths ' that could be used to be complemented or why must it be * the * truth . 
  what do they win from this ? 
  salvation ? 
  being better than others ? 
  ah , thank you : d, 
  still learning reddit-isms, 
  and this is why i never use the gts, 
  it 's plain retarded . 
  some options should n't even exist for some pokemon, 
  i was sleeping in silph co. 's beds while under the rockets before it was cool, 
  it 's not the quote where you ( or op ) is doing it wrong . 
  it 's in the way or sense it 's used that 's wrong . 
  i think it 's more of a `` should he stop being a showoff by praying in the field ? '', 
  no need to go all flaunty on his beliefs : a quick sign of the cross is suffice , if he really needs it . 
  ( see mexican futbol players ), 
  you mean before the game ? 
  imho , yes . 
  not only wo n't he seem too much of a showoff but if he is really commited into praying for a good game , he can have more intimacy and closeness . 
  * shrug *, 
  it 's not bad to me , if you are going to that , but there is n't really a need to do so and specificaly in a place everyone can see, 
   if romney is elected everyone will start hating america * more *, 
  ftfy, 
  when i heard romney talk about lat.america having opportunity , i heard him say `` we have n't raped lat.america hard enough . 
  stay on your side ; ; ; ; , plz, 
  my exact reaction ^, 
  debate moderator for president, 
  romney , wtf is a civilized country for you ? 
  and thus , the paranoia of the muslims . 
  not that i agree but . 
  yeah . 
  both sides are stupid !, 
  what 's the deal with romney and his army/military hard on ? 
  what about ndaa ? 
  will it ever be talked about ? 
  what about stopping the bail on the banks to save resources ? 
  i seriously lol 'd when i saw this and helped bright my day . 
  thanks , here 's an upvote for you, 
  if you mean the sky place , underwater and that ice cave . . yup ... even if i use white ( 1 ), 
  i have two of those already . 
  pretty common, 
  i got one in w and another one in w2 in the same day . 
  in white , though , i decided for a dratini . 
  now those are rare . 
  at least i 'm getting better pokemon ... or i do n't fall into that stupid forest again, 
  my starter will always be in the team i beat the team . 
  but when it comes to `` pro '' battling , either i breed something better or sadly take him off ; ; ;, 
  vegetarianos . 
  * flies away *, 
  they are infiltrating among us !, 
  i must report them before i * user was killed by this post *, 
  i now have diabetes type ii on how cute and sweet this comic is . 
  i do n't regret it, 
  i remember gold when i used to play at night as my parents slept off . 
  they are n't much a fan of me playing videogames so this was the only chance i had . 
  of course , gameboys did n't have backlight so i resourced to learn the game by sound . 
  even know i continue to learn to play the game blindly but it 's harder now that there are so many mon , sound fx and other stuff . 
  thanks !, 
  now i know what to rename him, 
  obviously because , unless we stop providing their crap at cheap prices , nobody gives a fuck about us . 
  and ohio is n't a mexican rilled state ... yet, 
  are we back in the 70s again ? 
  huh ? 
  is there a trend i have yet to know about this ? 
  can somebody tell me the story of these magnemites ? 
  i was mostly interested about why it 's lv 100, 
  kind of reminds me of our own elections here in mexico , except for the religious part . 
  interestingly , most of the country is highly secular despite it 's grand cult to the virgin of guadalupe and what not . 
  at least he 's not plotting with walmart to buy votes from poor people with gift cards/food stamps, 
  thank you . 
  i shall keep it then : d, 
  i think the guys of game freak really wanted something cute and useful and came up with this . 
  i hope to not be the only one who think of galvantula as cute, 
  i am beginning to believe that joltik are the ` cats ' on r/pokemon, 
  baja person here . 
  no alarms so far in the pacific or what not . 
  according to bulbapedia , china does n't officially sell the newer games . 
  what you might find can be eother the original japanese game - english if you are lucky - or a pirated version which can go from just a copy to one fully translated in mandarin . 
  while it can be playable , no ds system or at least pok\u00e9mon game is programmed to accept chinese characters which diminishes your chances to trade outside . 
  i recomend you to be a precautious buyer in any case : ), 
  you could try contacting nintendo for that . 
  possibly it 's a game fault . 
  i am 100 % sure this is a copy/paste ad from some webpage or document they had prepared in masse and just did n't give a shit to proof read . 
  also , what does same sex marriage have to do with * smoking * ? 
  i hate how two out of three comments are rather disrespectful or just mean . 
  i am happy this has happened but still makes me sad to see such things . 
  yup , you are correct . 
  sadly he 's not one of the ` mainstream ' green lanterns out there so i suppose the feeling counts . 
  * shrug *, 
  this is pretty much what will happen in a short period of time . 
  just recently they had changed labor laws which allows companies to hire employees for a ` test ' period of 3 to 6 months with a high possibility of letting them go , thus not creating antiquity which some jobs demand you to have ( x years of experience in y ) , plus being able to fire you much more easily and pay you per hour ( which i might remind you is 7 pesos an hour , at least in the north ) .
