  `` yeah , but they had it coming '' i heard somebody say and there were snickers around . 
  i told them i did n't believe them because the us could n't be possibly that retarded and allow two huge buildings just go out like that.we talked more ( since the teacher was n't there yet . ), 
  and wondered if they 'd blame us for crap and use it as an excuse to invade us . 
  we were kind of crazy , i 'll admit but in the end we just joked about it , sat down and continued the day as nothing else happened . 
  after all , it was n't our problem . 
  the us is the world 's most powerful natiom right ? 
  they can sort that by themselves . 
  when i got home , however , that 's when i realized just how big this whole thing was . 
  it was n't just about how bothersome it was that they closed san ysidro border crossing or just how they where simply a histerical bunch like on columbine , this was huge . 
  i remember watching cnn in disbelief as to how people got attacked at the towers , the pentagon ... the pentagon !, 
  and of course , dodging crappy televisa and tv azteca news reports , came the menace of antrax soon enough . 
  took some time but panic settled on my city to thw point customs actually started to do their job and make constant checkups on the car occupants . 
  my city was hit really badly shortly after it happened ( making those `` wo n't affect us '' comments moot ) due to how tight the crossing amomg both sides of the border ( in and out ) became to a point where it could easily take you 7 hrs to get into the us . 
  that made turism die completely and let 's not talk about the exchange rate for the dolar . 
  i guess what i mean is that yeah , it did clearly shock us but the way it was felt was different and at different rates . 
  up until now we are recovering so , to say the least , it was a huge deal despite what our initial reaction could have been . 
  good or bad . 
  and this is why clubbing in tijuana is better . 
  source : tijuanense . 
  ay no manches , no pasa nada 9 _ 9 . 
  i will state , though , that the experience can vary depending where you go and who you go with . 
  and stay away from las pulgas ... 
  25 here and have n't missed any gen. 
  i 'm super hyped for the hoenn remakes and hoping to compete on the vgc next year . 
  g8 b8 m8 , i r8 8/8, 
  i know . 
  i called you last night but you wouldn 'd answer . 
  it 's sad ... 
  i know . 
  ... wait , we had a day ? 
  this are the times when i 'm proud to say that i am * baja * californian and we are n't stupid to pull this kind of shit . 
  on the other hand ... this may actually bring turism back to tijuana ... 
  too soon g\u00fcey ... 
  too soon ... 
  ? a chin ? 
  i live in mexico and it seriously blew my mind you guys at the us have slower internet with/or data caps than we do . 
  based telnor represent !, 
  they called me crazy for breeding 16 pidgeots once . 
  i 'll show them crazy ... 
  yes , yes , a thousand times * yes * . 
  this is the kind of body i 'd like to have ! . 
  any ideas how to ? 
  you fool !, 
  we need you to buy those silly sombreros because the lives of many that sell crappy turist things depends on it !, 
  by playing all right and mighty you may be part of the slow death of turism in many parts of mexico , not to mention you are leaving entire families to starve and yara-yara . 
  so please , * please * do buy a silly sombrero and fucking apropiate our cuture . 
  our turism will love you and you will part of the foreign brigade that can save mexico from a shittier fate . 
  source : mexican . 
  ps : this does n't mean you are * obligated * to buy crappy turist suveniers but anything that supports the local folk ( restaurants , bars , tours , etc ) is also cool . 
  just letting you know . 
  the cyber police is here . 
  what seems to be the problem ? 
  there is actually an indie game of the whole ` battle ' against the sjws called `` social justice warriors '' . 
  the game is a buck but it is pretty much about how this whole thing dehumanizes both sides to keep om attacking . 
  i am highly skeptical ... 
  i am confused : why are the sjws pissed at the company that brews my elixir of life ? 
  that 'll only happen after mexico wins a non sub-something world cup . 
  good luck ; ), 
  really neat news, 
  i had always asumed stan lee 's role to be that of a watcher , not just a random cameo . 
  so ... san diego comic-con ? 
  the horrible side of the hetalia fandom . 
  that 's why i fled and created my own story based on it . 
  you may wan na take a peek if you want ... 
  calm down guys . 
  as somebody that manages the multiverse balance , any other parallel ashens has n't been hurt so far . 
  the only posibility is that maybe he may have lost his couch but feae not for it 'll return !, 
  carry on lads . 
  did you know ? 
  `` poncho '' is a nickname usually given to people named ` alfonso ' / alphonse in spanish . 
  so i guess my best friend must be quite triggering to them . 
  final destination ? 
  i work at a call center in sales . 
  can confirm . 
  crappy low paid job but i always try to make the customer smile ... even if it 's an arse, 
  guess i have an excuse to cross the border ( tijuana peep here ) . 
  then , i shall spread the love on the south . 
  may the tat and exotic food never end, 
  as a mexican , i laughed . 
  and then got triggered . 
  i 'm a girl . 
  do i smell like reddit too ? 
  technically travesti ** is ** the correct word for crossdresser . 
  it comes from tra ( ns ) and vestir ( dress ) . 
  sadly it carries bad connotations : /, 
  mexican here . 
  can confirm he 's sexy, 
  you called ? 
  as a pigeon , i must coo, 
  i already did a rant about this topic and i was downvoted to hell so i 'm staying away from this ... 
  finally !, 
  my pleas have been answered !, 
  now i wo n't be seen odd when i make stories about guys that transform into soldiers with magical armor . 
  is it good ? 
  tangerines is their way to have fun ? 
  when i was 10 i knew how to make molotov coctails and we used to throw them at a nearby factory . 
  now * that * is fun for all genders, 
  my name is june ... with with the month ? 
  my understanding of japanese is somewhat above basic but , come * on * . 
  for somebody claiming to caring about japanese customs , you should put at least a bit more of effort \u30b8\u30e5\u30f3-\u3061\u3083\u3093,
