  let 's see how the south korean 's react to this . 
  that despite the fact that my school plans for the future worked and went as i wanted - sort of - getting a diploma would not assure me to get a job and i would n't get one until 2 years later . 
  also , that being 2 years stranded in the house cleaning is not that cool . 
  and finally that the pri would come back to power . 
  i suppose it shocked me and it made me cry : the orphanage, 
  i really did n't know what to feel . 
  so many feels at the same time ... 
  is it sad that when i read the title , my mind ** automatically ** thought on `` mexico '' ? 
  * shakes head *, 
  i am still waiting for a multi-region game or an mmorpg . 
  the ave maria that is played on fantasia . 
  even as a small twerp , it made me bawl and i left the room before it popped out so i did n't cry . 
  given the circumstances in which i use this song on the playlist for a story i 'm writing , it does n't make it better ... 
  i also enjoy chiisaki mono or kaze to isshou ni . 
  strikes a chord . 
  maybe this does n't count for being an anime but , shaman king . 
  i want him to take on hao for real . 
  i think the manga already moved on , so they need to get him . 
  on that same topic , i need more rozen maiden . 
  kind of went like this :, 
  dad : kids , this is the internet ( tm ) . 
  my sister did n't care much but i quickly got in and the hang of it . 
  i would browse all those web pages advertised on the tv to see how far my ` internet powers ' would work . 
  most of them being cartoon network and all . 
  i remember this collectibles page where you got stickers or something like that . 
  i also remember visiting the pokemon the 1st movie page and go `` oh wow , this is so awesome '' . 
  and . 
  dad has ever regretted introducing us to the internet . 
  oh , and who can forget the eternal battle of my mother and i to see who could use the phone line , as / u/badw0lf42 has mentioned already . 
  the closest to an arch-nemesis i have is a friend i met since elementary school , who turns out to be my rival * and * my best friend . 
  his crime :, 
  `` dude !, 
  this is the most awesome thing evar !!!!, 
  ! 111 * spazz * '', 
  `` now she has ascended to her throne where she will continue to inspire and create . 
  the day we need her , she will surely come back to bring her madness along . 
  and we 'll be there for her as always . '', 
  it 's not that it has n't aged well - and to be honest it still gives me surges of awesome - but when you compare toy stoy ( 1 ) with ts3 , your mind is blown at how much cgi has changed . 
  i mean , ts * is * the first full length animated movie made in a computer . 
  for us , it is a classic but if you take the nostalgia glasses you do notice to somewhat blocky movements ( in comparison with current cgi movies ) , the shading/lightning effects , etc. 
  it 's a movie that has a well aged story yet you can not avoid being picky at certain other things on regards to an animation . 
  this does * not * mean it needs a remake ( with better graphics ) , for it is a lesson to us all . 
  the series called `` the little rascals '' , better known as `` our gang '' . 
  love those kids . 
  no , i refuse to watch 3d movies . 
  there 's no real gain at watching most 3d movies except for a gimmick that at the end makes my head spin sadly : /, 
  my sister and i would joke about this all the time : p, 
  somebody already recommended pan 's labyrinth , but the last good mexican movie i 've seen is one called '' [ despues de luc\u00eda ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2368749/ ) '' . 
  it 's a gritty story about bullying and it can be shocking . 
  i like how the director tells the story about the protagonist . 
  - her lyrics are stupid . 
  - her way of dressing is stupid . 
  - her videos are stupid . 
  - she is stupid . 
  i 'm not even sure * what * they see on that girl . 
  according to wikipedia and other sources , she 's african-american . 
  but i do n't see where that is on her . 
  she 's really like an alien from planet stupid whose way to talk is by slandering and calling everyone ` hoes ' . 
  the curious thing is that before this crapfest that was evolution , there was an unnoficial db movie made by chinese . 
  it is by far the * most * accurate live action display of the series so far . 
  it was made 20 years ago . 
  kind of funny to see . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there is n't a movie about a : tla  : /, 
  [ there 's actually a remake about it . 
  i was looking for you , beautiful sir . 
  here , i offer you my most shiny upvote yet . 
  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ... it 's that catchy tune again !!!, 
  stop !, 
  please let me go !, 
  i must admit that her way of dressing is kind of akin of lady gaga ( in how weird but at some point fashionable it might look . 
  heck , some cosplayers might respect that ) , but my whole dislike of nicky is on her attitude . 
  her attitude makes her look stupid . 
  it 's just something that reminds me of the popular clicks at school that go on judging others or what not for things they clearly show about themselves . 
  i do n't like her music - though it 's sadly much of what its is heard on the radio these days - and i * despise * her attitude . 
  my casual times of viewing american idol has cemented that idea about her . 
  nope !, 
  you first make a clockwise circle with the d-pad as you launch your pokeball and when it lands , you hold down and tap a furiously . 
  perhaps . 
  still do n't like her . 
  i know . 
  i just wanted a shot at that . 
  by the way , happy cake day . 
  despite sounding ridiculous , cooking mama * has * indeed thought me to cook more recipes or some small tricks on how to prepare certain ingredient . 
  granted , it 's a game and does n't show the whole process but it does give you an insight . 
  puzzle gaming has help me think faster and pokemon was what helped me enforce my english . 
  some examples at least on my side . 
  you think rubbing styrofoam is bad ? 
  try smelling it . 
  and i know two pieces do n't smell , heck , not even 20 . 
  but go inside a warehouse * full * of styrofoam ... 
  it 's like they are pouring plastic inside your nostrils and you feel that viscous scent roll onto your lungs . 
  it can actually become asphyxiating . 
  one of the reasons i try to maintain myself away from that place at my workplace , but sadly templates must be done . 
  mk-ultra and project paperclip . 
  i want to know the whole scoop and reach of that . 
  i start tomorrow . 
  i 'd send a photo of the october 2nd massacre to the funding fathers of my country . 
  see if they find it best to change things rather than to kill/depose presidents for the next 50 years after 1828 ... 
   as a * republican * , liberal atheist,
