  * sigh * . 
  well , if you are eager for me to send it via sepomex , i shall make an exception and have you as 16th . 
  how about that ? 
  all slots are full !, 
  thanks for getting here asap . 
  now , if only reddit would show my replies to see which ones are tn t ; ; ;, 
  * can you hear me now ? 
  can * you hear me now ? 
  * how can you know from reality and fantasy ? 
  * your senses betray you , your feelings betray you . 
  * you can not distinguish either side . 
  you are stuck in limbo *, 
  * so tell me . 
  * can * you hear me * ? 
  mexican , mexican . 
  . . and chilango . 
  it is said of a mythical race that is born and raised in mexico city . 
  it believes itself to be the elite of the nation . 
  when . 
  well . 
  no maches tijuana . 
  shoot me a pm . 
  it seems i had a mistake here . 
  you are 2nd . 
  and yet i replied as 14th xd ;, 
  guess there 's more room for one !, 
  you 're in luck !, 
  i got confused and gave numbers to two people that already had . 
  you 're tenth !, 
  well , i got a bit confused and rolled on it and guess what ? 
  you are in !, 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaand i actually got confused . 
  there are still slots and you got the * last one *, 
  fifteenth !, 
  so are chili, 
  as a mexican , i aprove your statement . 
  please continue, 
  if you look it form the front , it * does * look like it . 
  and i mean , i expected it considering crobat . 
  since swoobat is a sp . 
  attacker , we can expect a fast sp . 
  attk counter to crobat . 
  awesome !, 
  it 's flying/psychic . 
  i doubt it . 
  if it 's a counter to crobat ( which is flying/poison ) , i do n't think making it fairy will do much . 
  at least it 's good there is something that counters dragon other than ice and dragon itself : /, 
  ... time to undust my gardevoir . . . 
  would n't that hurt him ? 
  gameplay and graphics : awesome, 
  story : fail, 
  and i mean , this is the curious part : i 'm pretty sure * many * bought the game for the story . 
  the graphics were ok - in comparison with a x360/ps3 - and the action was awesome , but many spazzed when they realized this was the stepping stone from super to fusion . 
  then , it got released . 
  i really do n't have any problems with the whole ptds samus suffers ( i mean , the fucking planet exploded and ridley was still alive ? 
  fuck that shit ! ), 
  it 's just the whole story in general . 
  everyone focused on that breakdown when the whole story in general had horrible plotholes , bad dialogue and sometimes it did n't make any sense . 
  metroid is - at least to me - known for being an inmersive world where you get to learn about the races , the people and the planet you are involved . 
  this was the chance to learn more about samus and instead we just got confused or thrown off . 
  that 's probably why . 
   - includes marth * and * roy, 
  ftfy, 
  i suppose i did n't quite put my thoughts well on it but you 're absolutely right on all of this !, 
  that 's the charm of metroid and the reason why you go on scanning things that are relatively useless to the main plot but so fascinating to learn . 
  it 's just . 
  to my opinion , it did n't match the information given from fusion . 
  i do n't know , it just left a lot of gaps around and there was n't much to read and explore . 
  perhaps i 'm just fixated to the overworld and things that prime offered that i expected it to go in the same what but did n't . 
  i also think the last reunion with samus and adam was kind of thrown there . 
  why was she weak against the ice beam , for instance ? . 
  maybe they needed more time to develop the story . 
  i would love a bit of bitcoin love : d, 
  challenge accepted, 
  probably it was that . 
  in prime , you new your directives but you discovered even more clues and parts of the story * on your own * . 
  you were alone in a distant planet without anybody to tell you what to do and you had to find out how to survive . 
  you found out about the fall of aether and rise of the ign by the data screens , same as the `` oh shit '' moment the pirates had when they realized there were * 2 hunters * running against them . 
  ti-bits like that . 
  you got fully immersed in the universe . 
  heck , you can see the same in the handheld/original series , specially super metroid . 
  but other m. . 
  it told a story but i failed to connect with it . 
  you know . 
  i 've * never * thought at seeing it like this and actually you are right . 
  even if the ptsd is possible , this whole thing just felt like your abilities were utterly diminished . 
  and she does n't defeat him . 
  ridley runs away and it 's eaten by the metroid queen . 
  she never got to finish that !!, 
  and if they say that it 's because he 's in fusion . 
  remember that he was already dead !, 
  no point on that !, 
  thanks for making me further hate the story of this game xd, 
  it pains me to see russia like this . 
  this really makes me sad . 
  * very * much . 
  why not let him talk about them ? 
  quite . 
  let us await \\* sips tea \\*, 
  everyone in the world is dead .
