  i believe in the fact that money is like energy . 
  if you give energy to others , it might help them connect and give energy to others , hopefully towards better things . 
  right now , money is held and like water , it is beginning to rot thus the world crisis . 
  wait . 
  maybe i should stop my rambling right now . 
  i stopped leveling once i reached 18 years of age . 
  now i 'm just ev training . 
  ~ expanding more the post here ~ : i 'm 6 years older than my so . 
  what surprises me more is that sometimes she 's more grounded to the earth than i am . 
  / r/circlejerk ? 
  i talk with my so and friends or start drawing/writing a story to release those feelings . 
  if that does n't ' work , i sleep it off, 
  i do n't think i 'll able to do so in my life due to two important things :, 
  1 ) i am horribly terrified at needles . 
  i pale and die when i see one . 
  2 ) i caught some hepatitis a when i was young - curse you burger king \\* shakes fist \\* - and i think that does n't make me a good candidate . 
  you are rather brave and nice for doing that though : d, 
  b-but . 
  i wan na know what it is ( y ; a  y, 
  i wonder : if i get another one , could you stack them like real lego ? 
  i feel better than yesterday , though i 'm still mellow . 
  might be the weather - for some freaking reason it 's * cloudy * . 
  in the middle of * may * . 
  ( only s.ca might understand my feeling ) . 
  i 'm pondering how long will it take to make my dream of making my business and how can i have alone time to write my stories or draw . 
  i mean , i do have about 4 hours a day to do so but i find it a bit hard since suddenly there 's something that happens which makes me stop : the demand to clean the house , go to buy groceries , etc. 
  when ever i start something , that kind of things make me stop . 
  that and my natural procrastination . 
  i also realize that after quite a while , i might need a irl friend . 
  though , where to find one here where i live ? 
  i wish to have a friend to go to the movies and shows and explore the city . 
  i 'm kind of afraid of getting one because i do n't want to be a bother , or get lost and have that person find me ( i tend to do that sometimes , get distracted b - . 
  i am also wondering when i am ever going to get a raise - even though i 've been in this job for 4 months ; ; ;, 
  plot twist : it 's both . 
  shyamamalan twist : when about to discover the gender , the machine fails and you 'll have to make another appointment . 
  anyhow , that 's awesome !, 
  ~ ~ it 'll be a she , i know = v = ~ ~, 
  maybe i could draw you something or compose a song ' . ', 
  . what is an eggo waffle ? 
  that just raised it 's value to over 9000 . 
  maybe i can build a house out of them . 
  \\* plots \\*, 
  soft wind awakens you, 
  taking with it the scars, 
  of a yesterday fleeting fright, 
  look above !, 
  there are a billion of stars, 
  adorning the cosmos at night, 
  but regardless of that, 
  you should not ignore this simple fact, 
  you are a star, 
  the shiniest one around, 
  burning with passion and with warmth, 
  spreading it across the ones close by you . 
  if you are ever flickering alone in the dark . 
  remember just to make yourself shine . 
  so that others may share with you that same light, 
  you 're a star . 
  i remember when i used to go to school . 
  despite the current difficulty , you 'll end up missing it once you are out . 
  believe me = v = ;, 
  those kind of dogma ca n't be changed unless something drastic occurred so the person begins to reflect . 
  it is kind of sad really how people can carry such things but , hopefully , seeing you so happy with that person will make him reflect . 
  hoping for the best : ), 
  hidemyass is your best friend : p, 
  i 'm also redditing while at work . 
  fuck yeah we are awesome !, 
  i really do n't know how those things can be eased , but i think drinking a bit more of water might do the trick . 
  i hope everything goes well . 
  is the main character a young man ? 
  i work making cad drawings to make hot tub covers . 
  it 's . 
  . . not really a big deal but 's the best i could get after 2 years . 
  since i graduated it has been difficult keeping a job because most of the time they 'll hire interns ( who have to work a bit during their college/university studies as demanded by the education law . 
  these guys * may * be paid , and when they do get paid it 's usually less than 90 usd ) or just for a 3 month contract . 
  i 've been working as a intern and under these temporal contracts and this job so far has been the one to break for the first time that 3 month barrier . 
  i 'm a bit frustrated because i want to raise 10,000 usd to open a business but i only make so little ( around 120 usd a week ) and who knows if the contracts will last me for the estimated 1 year i need to gather it ( according to my calculations ) . 
  they tend to renew my contract every 2 months so . 
  yeah . 
  . tend to get jittery in that sense . 
  also , sometimes they would n't hire me due to being too ` overqualified ' . 
  life sucks = _ = ;, 
  can i keep asking ? 
  and the filler classes . 
  never understood filler classes . 
  i graduated from graphic design . 
  can somebody tell me wtf is `` philosophy '' going to help me with this ? 
  i know that designing means to understand the human mind but . 
  it gets ridiculous when the exams are with a book on the side and you have to answer * according to the book * . 
  so much for free thinking spirits ... 
  is the story settled in europe ? 
  i hope so really . 
  all there is in my city is manufacturing and i 'm not exactly happy with it . 
  makes me cringe going to the production floors to see people that work 10 hours to make a 600 + valued product , with them wining only 60 usd a week . 
  many of them with families . 
  what i tend to call `` filler classes '' are those classes which you have no freaking idea why there are there but you * have * to take them . 
  not only you have to take them , but obviously you * pay * them . 
  so , for example , i had to take 7 classes a semester . 
  2 of them would be fillers . 
  when in my final semesters there were 5 , * 3 * turned out to be just fillers .
