  `` he comes from a rather unstable place . 
  though he had quite the advantage there , it no longer felt right . '', 
  mum chuckled . 
  she looked down at her chest , picking and admiring the necklace in the shape of a key . 
  it glinted softly with the help of my desk lamp . 
  `` sometimes you come to realize that power without choice is really nothing , and here he found one . 
  maybe it 's not the best kind of deal but so far , he has n't complained . '', 
  as it happens with couples and families , mum and jules have had some issues before , but i had never seen them escalate into anything that would be disrespectful . 
  if anything , he would usually end up conceding . 
  about two weeks ago , just as i was heading up to my room to sleep , i could hear the news on the tv and my parents talking about it in a worried tone . 
  i grew curious and quietly approached the living room to eavesdrop and peek at the screen . 
  `` you need to leave , tonali '' jules ' usually quiet voice rose in volume . 
  it was a strict command , something i 've not heard him say to my mum before but certainly i 've had my share of . 
  `` they probably already know where i am . '', 
  mother , who had her worried eyes stuck at the screen while nibbling at the top of her key necklace , turned quickly at him . 
  her worry became defiance . 
  `` i already told you : i 'm not letting them get a hold of you without a fight . '', 
  `` you will die if you try , * xoxotl * '' he leaned towards her , placing a hand on her knee . 
  `` that is my choice ! '', 
  i ran upstairs to check the news on my computer : there was some weird phenomenon in the sky a couple of days ago that brought some cool looking northern lights down here in socal . 
  upon further inspection , however , it was revealed to be some sort of elaborate shield that camouflaged a space armada that would probably make michael bay explode in joy . 
  aliens existed . 
  aliens were here . 
  my step-father was probably one of them . 
  * shit * . 
  `` cyrus . '', 
  jules opened my door , unannounced . 
  i stared at him perplexed , i thought i had locked the door . 
  before i could ask him questions , he began to walk to me in a quick pace stopping at just a knee of distance . 
  i gulped . 
  `` i know you heard everything . '', 
  his usually monotone voice had a small hint of urgency . 
  `` and i 'm sure you 're starting to put two-and-two together , so i 'll go straight to the point : i 'm the messenger of chaos . '', 
  the * what * now ? 
  `` a long time ago , about 15 years ago , i had come to this planet to reap it . 
  it was my assigned duty to bring the end of it , as i have done so with many other planetary systems before it . 
  it was my sole purpose , the reason of my existence . '', 
  he paused . 
  my eyes were fixed on his , trying to figure if what he was telling me was some sort of elaborate joke . 
  but he was n't that kind of person : he could barely even form a smile . 
  `` but i was tired . 
  there was really nothing in it for me ; no pleasure , no sorrow , no joy . 
  i was but a mere mechanism the universe had created to balance things . 
  i had been formed from the seal derived from an ancient ritual millennia ago , sealed inside of a manageable carcass so i that may find a form to either contain me or destroy me . 
  the consequences of what may have happened if they would have succeed never really occurred to me , nor i cared the least . '', 
  `` how did you meet my mother ? '', 
  i dared to ask , standing up . 
  `` that matters not , at least for now . '', 
  jules shook his head slowly , returning his gaze at me . 
  `` what matters is that she needs to be kept from danger . 
  this whole planet is in danger . '', 
  `` well , '' i interjected . 
  `` if you are as powerful as to destroy the whole world if you wished , why do n't you just . 
  he shook his head again . 
  despite the fact that i raised my voice , he did n't seem to be fazed at all . 
  i am an agent of chaos . 
  i can only bring the end of things . 
  a change by force , one may add . 
  that is my the reason of my existence in the first place . 
  your mother was kind enough to try to find other sorts of activities i could do in her attempt of teaching me about choices , but at this time , i can not break away from the binds that is my purpose . '', 
  my body felt tense . 
  there was so much going on there . 
  earth sure was still there but my world view had been completely demolished . 
  `` cyrus . '', 
  jules called my name again . 
  i had so many questions still popping out on my mind , it was like a beehive in there . 
  `` i am unable to do anything on my own . 
  i can not help your kind . 
  however , you may be the answer we seek . '', 
  i blinked . 
  `` w-wait ... !, 
  w-what do you mean i ? 
  i 'm just some dude still in high school . 
  what exactly are you coming with this ? '', 
  he moved his left hand up and extended it towards me , opening his fist slowly . 
  inside it was the key my mother wore as a necklace . 
  for a second there , i though i saw it glint on it 's own . 
  `` cyrus , i wil help you awaken the power of your star . '', 
  * in a parallel universe , i have finished this story a long time ago and this is an au . 
  lol *, 
  da mangaka thanks you for reading this super long story . 
  hope you enjoyed !, 
  i sure did . 
  now if you excuse me , i have to draw some stuff . 
  first of all , first time writing here . 
  second of all , i want to write something , but i am afraid in screwing things up because english is n't my first language and sometimes i write as i talk and my mind tends to tangle some words at times . 
  so i want to seek out an editor who can help me in the various works i want to start doing . 
  it 'll be a long a treacherous road but i hope to have somebody to guide me on this fantastic journey . 
  as a matter of fact , i would also like to have one in spanish too , because , why not ? 
  english , spanish editors who can proof read my work and poke at the bad parts and slap me for how bad i write or not . 
  also , give me feed back and perhaps befriend . 
  if you are interested , just reply to this so we can get on working and give you more personal info . 
  just a thing : this first series of writings will be fanfictions but i do hope to eventually start something of my own . 
  thanks :d, 
  for starters i never post anything about my life in the internet . 
  it is really weird to me and also it pretty much stays for an eternity . 
  just go do a quick search and you can see those whose lives have been screwed for posting something stupid on the web . 
  nevertheless , the internet ( tm ) is a good place to find advice on something that has proven troublesome for me and i ca n't seem to find the right way to go about this situation . 
  now , i 'm not asking you to solve my problem entirely , but i would like some insight . 
  if you 've also been through a similar situation , i 'd like to hear .
