  also , all seems to point out that mexico will join tpp which will bring over more manufacturing companies in the need of cheap labor . 
  cue the desperate engineers that need some source of income . 
  it 's an arena trap . 
  another mexican engineer here and i agree likewise . 
  many students that enroll into higher education do n't seem to really effort themselves into studying and many of the study load is n't necessarily satisfying or effective for the work ambiance they need . 
  i 'm talking about kids who most of the time do n't work and study ( and if they do work is a part time job in a fast food business or something not exactly about the degree ) who do n't seem to be eager or proactive and instead are studying `` because '' . 
  on the other side we have students who * do * want to study but as mentioned before the load is insufficient or just made out of fillers which - mainly in private schools - only work to suck more money out of the alumni . 
  and yes there are scholarships , credits and all but sometimes i wondered during my studies why where so many of my teachers lacking . 
  it 's the education system that needs an upgrade and a need to shake these kids into really getting in to study and thrive . 
  if you want to start ` easy ' in your trip to mexico , i recommend you the border cities , particularly the bajas ( tijuana-tecate-mexicali ) . 
  most of the city understands english and can guide you on your path . 
  if you go further south , as some have mentioned , there is ensenada which is a beautiful port and is into wine , organic food and resorts . 
  which ever path you choose , try to not go by the tourist routes/sites as you might not mingle as well with people and not be able to practice your spanish . 
  people here in baja is rather friendly, 
  japoneses ? '', 
  romney + epn = / * nothing to do here * /, 
  cetys universidad, 
  piratebay is your friend , my dear, 
  when n spoke about me , i squee 'd, 
  yes , i am a sort of n fangirl , i just like him . 
  still , it was odd about them talking `` oh , this trainer defeated us two years ago ... blah blah blah '' while i am standing there going `` um , well ... it so happens that was me ? '', 
  the odd/corny part was at the music hall : corny because of when music hall guy goes on how you dressed your pok\u00e9mon on white/black and going all sniffly about it and odd because there 's this guy saying `` oh , your act was good , but not as good as gslucky '' which is still my name in game . 
  you called ? 
  i must agree : i went into the com as usual but i was surprised that outside was more fun than inside . 
  i fuess overcrowding does that . 
  was with them for the first tao days of the con : p, 
  what i tend to do is to cycle around the countries ro gwt better chances . 
  mainlt us and uk ( japan not much since this happens a lot or they ask for a zekrom lv 9 ) . 
  still , why wo n't the gts refresh itself to display real avaiable trainers ? 
  what ? 
  you get free slurpies on 7/11 ? 
  i had no freaking idea . 
  that looks like a preparation for a `` muahaha '' laugh, 
  seconded . 
  that 's exactly who i thought about when i read about the pink baseball cap . 
  meanwhile , in mexico ... . 
  nope , nada ... nothing 's happening . 
  carry on ... 
  this is your classic example of either brainwashing or indoctrination . 
  you know ? 
  like those line of sentences given to you as punishment at elementary school ? 
  and this is why russia no longer has czars . 
  to be honest , religion can be used as a sum of many reasons why it 's troubled . 
  the control they * still * have when using it . 
  also , there 's officially no more russian royalty . 
  they bolsheviks did a good job at that . 
  poor anastasia : (, 
  would n't that contradict the whole `` he made a sacrifice for us '' yara yara thing ? 
  ... what am i saying ? 
  christianity is a contradiction itself ... 
  says the guy who 's mom was n't that interesting last night . 
  quickfixedit : it 's called humor . 
  i suppose you know how to use it , \u0434\u0430 ? 
  and is n't that what most pastors in congregations do lately ? 
  cheating people out of their money to assure a place in the big ol' heaven for salvation ? 
  thanks for leading me to that . 
  wonderful extension . 
  now i 'll reddit like the pros, 
  mexican watching the elections since i could . 
  i am happy that ca was one of the states that defined the elections ( though sad that prop 37 did n't pass but , what ever ; ; ) and that you will be back in office . 
  i can only ask you are kind to us and forgive us for our new president . 
  in fact , ignore him , that 's all he 's for . 
  congrats again . 
  more than the transition of your body , i enjoy how you grow from a sad self-hater to a happy loving girl . 
  your face turns very bright and you begin to give out such lovely energy . 
  congratulations on the journey . 
  as a pan girl , i approve your good taste * wants very badly that nyan-cat t-shit *, 
  rape , rape everywhere ... 
  you mean the nightmare before christmas , right ? 
  how hard is it to get into the sport because sincerely i have n't heard of it until i saw this ama . 
  are you aspiring to make it to the olympics in brazil ? 
  it says baja . 
  where exactly is it ? 
  i 'm from tj . 
  shesh , that 's the other end of the baja . 
  i 'm all the way up the north as you might figure out . 
  perhaps one day i might go peek around, 
  code ? 
  nintendo club ? 
  what ? 
  i need an explanation, 
  ** tl ; dr : had no idea of such pins **, 
  oh dear . . and here is stupid me thinking that when he meant pin was an actual lapel pin , not a pin number ... 
  i now know what he meant . 
  i thought he was talking about a lapel pin , like for putting on clothes or a bag , not the pin number . 
  thanks for replying though, 
  as a mexican , i was not aware of this . 
  ya aprobaron lo de la inche reforma laboral ? 
  this is like asking if lobbyist of the food/drug/health / other companies along other rich people influence the us government . 
  it 's kind of obvious . 
  now if it was sarcasm how you said it , please ignore my comment . 
  given these obvious circunstances and proofs , i do believe i will have no problem in opening the `` church of spiderman and his amazing friends '' . 
  ... well , maybe disney might be a challenge ... 
  he left to mexico ? 
  i must now begin an epic journey to find this man , who was my first and possibly only actor crush in my life , and give him a hug . 
  tbh , i always found him hot . 
  - flies -, 
  i was * just * going to say that . 
  after all , it 's `` our lady if guadalupe '' day ... more church and stuff . 
  they ate 12 !,
