  it 's where i throw my stress out in the form of lulz and harvest karma from it . 
  \\* shrug * i do n't know, 
  that 's what i 'm wondering . 
  the said it was due to asking for upvotes , which i find ridiculous . 
  alas , i 'm still banned : (, 
  when i heard the term ` mega ' i thought on digimon  : |, 
  i hope this is fake . 
  please ... t _ t ;, 
  think about the speed evs !, 
  i was reading this and i felt really pumped . 
  i even heard your generic action/war soundtrack they use for these things . 
  somebody please make this happen . 
  \\* pets obama * there there . 
  it 's not your fault . 
  people do change but . 
  sometimes it does n't turn that well . 
  you 'll get over him . 
  now , about your policies with mexico , maybe you should be a * little * more friendly with your neighbors , do n't you think ? 
  tijuanense here . 
  can confirm that it happens at least twice per week . 
  the empress of the 3rd mexican empire is reporting here . 
  i will be assisting you with mapping and geographical information . 
  i suppose we can have both : a thread to put the geographical domains and a link on the sidebar where people can access to it . 
  but , yes , i do suggest we the rest of the leaders . 
  see if they are lively enough to remake their claim . 
  i woke up in the morning of that day , around at 10 am . 
  i was a bit confused but i did n't get it to bother me . 
  it was saturday , and saturdays are meant to be for leisure and laziness . 
  at around noon i came down to eat some breakfast once my stomach bothered me long enough to get off my bed and do something about it . 
  the kitchen was impeccable , i was going to get a nice meal today . 
  at about 2 pm , after working on my latest drawing , i decided to play some nintendo . 
  smash brothers , nothing too fancy . 
  the 2nd controller , which was my sister 's , was yellow instead of white and i would only use it to swap the batteries from my own controller with hers . 
  i did n't let that bother me . 
  i continued to smack donkey kong at his own stage . 
  soon , it was six in the afternoon . 
  i was about to order some take out but i remembered that the restaurant i liked to get some food from did n't have the service . 
  actually , not many places had it anymore . 
  service that is . 
  i checked my refrigerator and to my bad luck , it was almost empty . 
  i had always dreamed of this sort of cleanliness , impossible sight to behold with my parents getting food that would eventually become leftovers and thrown away in the form of spoils , but that was n't what i wished there to be right now . 
  not with how hollow it felt . 
  not with how hollow i felt . 
  i went to the the nearby convenience store and i got me some popcorn . 
  it was delicious . 
  i sat there by the sofa at eight , night . 
  there was only flakes on the tv . 
  i turned it off . 
  i wondered how long would this privilege would last me . 
  at midnight , the internet was down . 
  i sighed and closed my laptop . 
  i had felt this tiredness that wo n't stop for 6 months already . 
  i crawled to my bed and curled in a ball . 
  i held onto my big bear plush , a gift from my father from a year before . 
  tears began to flow . 
  perhaps , i should n't have wished to be alone . 
  i could make your dreams come true . 
  in my void . 
  though really , there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  society has some odd fixation with what it is ` masculine ' and ` feminine ' . 
  i do n't think a girl is less girly for using jeans and work clothes than a boy is for using dresses and frills . 
  it 's just clothing really . 
  of the other things , really , do n't worry : p, 
  it 's not bad . 
  it 's just part of you . 
  forget the world \\ = 7 = /, 
  ~ ~ just thread carefully ~ ~, 
  indeed . 
  quite much like how there is no snow in russia . 
  there are no anti-gay laws , only politburo . 
  ~ ~ which does n't make it better , does it ? ~ ~, 
  i 'm a graphic designer !, 
  i will do this for free, 
  as a tijuana person , i would like to apologize for such bad experience . 
  our police are shit and they abuse pretty much everyone . 
  if you 'd like to re-experience the city in a better way , get out from downtown ( centro ) and head to zona rio instead . 
  it might be slightly more expensive , but it 's safer and cops are less shitty . 
  outside from the ` regular ' tourist areas is aguacaliente going over paseo de los heroes . 
  you 'll find a mall with many restaurants and places to go . 
  if you need any more tips , please let me know . 
  one : |, 
  but we barely hang out since he 's too busy , or i am too busy . 
  10 hour shifts do that to you . 
  as the proud owner of a male gardevoir , call it bridget . 
  i also request to rejoin my brothers and sisters at / r/circlejerk after i was outed by ~ ~ / u/falafeltree ~ ~ hitler for no given reason . 
  i also came here specifically to say ** this **, 
  i will confess , i do n't like peaches that much . 
  when i first glance at them , i groan at the fact that i have to peel the fuzzy exterior . 
  nectarines are much better on that regard since it is the same taste but less hassle , though they are much though to munch . 
  i pick it up and wash it without much interest , noticing how some water pearls are formed on it 's surface . 
  the fuzz it has must be the reason . 
  i shake the fruit and i give it a bite . 
  the biggest difference between a nectarine and a peach - aside from the soft exterior that gives your tongue a gentle massage - is that peaches are very juicy . 
  the moment your teeth sink in , juice sprouts and you have a mess rolling down your mouth . 
  you quicken your pace in order to pull out without your clothing and face getting the sticky sweet liquid . 
  you get to slurp it , just as you part your lips from the flesh . 
  as you enjoy the chunk in your mouth , you realize that the pulp melts rather easily ; the peel takes some time but realize that you do n't mind the texture at all . 
  it is very welcoming . 
  it wraps your teeth and you have the sensation that you are doing good . 
  `` i 'm eating fiber '' you might go around thinking and truth is , that might not be way too off .
