  * i danced with a million devils . 
  * died from a life of sin . 
  * made love to a million angels . 
  * murdered a million men . 
  * there will be blood . 
  absolution . 
  he sought it not for himself but for those he cared for . 
  whether it was his brothers or his adopted sibling , he was always seeking out absolution . 
  he fought for it . 
  he died for it . 
  flames licked his skin as he danced against his opponent , a dance with the devil himself . 
  against one whom had returned from the abyss he was certain he had thrown him into . 
  skilled as usual , with the devil smiling sadistically , both danced at the tune of the end . 
  a requiem made of gun powder and clanking metal . 
  his foe represented all that he had stood up against , all he was n't willing to let pass and live : greed , megalomania , constriction , erasure of self . 
  he had already died long time ago but he was well willing to die again for the sake of absolution . 
  to absolve the sins of his dear brother . 
  after dealing the final blow against his opponent , he left his body give in . 
  the war was done . 
  he was done . 
  it was time to return . 
  it was clear , however , that his mission was not yet done . 
  his first sensation back to consciousness was the need to breathe . 
  his lungs found themselves unable to and he was shocked to realize the reason : water . 
  water had never been a component that could come across into his mind as the equivalent of death , yet his chest was full of it . 
  he opened his mouth and gasped , eyes widened by the terror of realizing his situation . 
  his coat , riddled with trinkets and weapons hidden in pockets and what not , was already heavy on it 's own and poised a hazard to his reemergence . 
  he was n't sure why , but he had to return . 
  his consciousness was in a sort of automatic state were the first priority was to swim up and survive , despite the fact that his lungs were full of water , his skin was brittle and white and he would have to leave his weapons behind . 
  '' * take the sword * '', 
  foggy as his consciousness was already , there was already a clear mission to carry in his reawakening from the land of the death : swim further down from the rock he had landed to pick up an ancient sword and then use the remaining strength to finally come back to the world he had left long ago . 
  he was n't left with any option on the matter , for when he realized what he was doing - consciousness turning more and more clear - he was already swimming down and reaching to the ocean 's floor . 
  the pressure his body endured due the water around him and inside was excruciating , tiring and * killing * , yet he continued towards his goal . 
  finally , as he brushed the sandy bottom for any clues as to where his weapon was , his fingers touched the hilt of said sword . 
  just as he grasped it and feeling his insides churning , he began to swim up as fast as possible . 
  coat with trinkets and sword in hand , it took all of his stored energy to make the feat . 
  2 hours and a half of digging himself up from the watery grave , reaching to a cool morning in the amber coast . 
  his left hand came up first , greeting the sun and feeling it 's warm rays , surprised as he noticed how transparent his skin had turned with his bones clearly visible . 
  '' * swim to shore * '', 
  this part of his new life was called ` calling ' . 
  his mind began to be foggy again . 
  flashes of earlier stages of his past life came in and out . 
  he saw the cathedral just in front of him , with a soft orange hue . 
  despite the tiredness and over-cramping of his body , he smiled . 
  without noticing , his body arrived to the shore . 
  he began to cough uncontrollably , vomiting the seawater accumulated for months , maybe years . 
  his consciousness began to vanish again . 
  few details were concentrated though : his brother . 
  there was something else to be done before he could be embraced by death . 
  the sword was going to be a key . 
  key . 
  .5 keys for the perimetr . 
  he had all 5 now . 
  they would be looking for him . 
  unable to listen to anything else but the sound of the waves , alexander collapsed in the beaches of kaliningrad , sword clenched tightly in his right hand . 
  mother of god . 
  i love you more than anything . 
  i 've been curious as to subscribing but i 'm too shy . 
  holy shit !, 
  when was this ? 
  yup !, 
  and it will be * fabulous *, 
  my so is from texas . 
  since she 's currently working , i 'll just slap you a bit and say that not all texans are bigoted . 
  ~ ~ they are also secretly mexican ~ ~, 
  he might be 11 years old thought . 
  . you * can * wear a hijab if you are christian . 
  nobody will give a shit : /, 
  pm me so i can get info about you address and all : d, 
  what do you have against us metpeople ? 
  we are human too : '' (, 
  lots of fapping ? 
  ~ ~ i 'll give it a try . 
  plz be gentle . ~ ~, 
  bond , i suppose you know what this is , do n't you ? 
  yes , a single bottle of the world 's finest honey . 
  strange to see how something that produces such sweet treat is menaced by the world 's need to get rid of other pests . 
  but these pest are more like you , mr. 
  bond : no matter what i or any of my agents do , you somehow manage to get away from my clutches and survive . 
  i wish you were more like a bee : helpful when needed and easily discardable . 
  but you must know that there is a difference between you and the bees and any pest you see : bees , as gentle and tiny as they are , are part of an important cycle . 
  \\* paces * i suppose that you have heard about quantum . 
  water is important , yes , but so is food and nutrients . 
  do you know what would happen if something as tiny as a bee disappears ? 
  \\* opens hands at him as if showing an explosion \\* everything just starts to collapse . 
  who pollinates the plants ? 
  who helps them go on bloom and continue with that important cycle which helps feed other animals that will go into our delicate and ever gentle mouths . 
  the taste of grass fed meat . 
  i 'm sure you will agree it is a delicacy . 
  all that system simply dies off . 
  * literately !, 
  no matter the water you have or do n't have !, 
  the source of control is food !, 
  sources !, 
  if there are no bees , plants ca n't produce as much food as before and then there is a large decay where animals ca n't be fed and other species also begin to die . 
  and so do we . 
  all because of the fragile little bumble bee . 
  little , itty bitty . 
  * bzzzzzzzz * . 
  why , of course , i do have a plan and you might have already connected the dots : my seeds and my re engineered pollinators are already being praised as a salvation !,
