  hold on ... 
  this story is n't following the canon i have for these two . 
  what the hell is going on ? 
  `` why the bloody hell not ?! '', 
  roberts rose his hands in the air , even though he should n't be this expressive . 
  is this an au ? 
  because suddenly this seems very au . 
  no , echii usually does n't make that sense . 
  actually , i try to write my own fanfics in a way that they make sense , like that one fanfic about nations trying to twart some project that may or may not destroy their world ... 
  oh , and now they are actually fucking . 
  wow , i just started rambling and they just went with it . 
  really ? 
  i mean , even if you did want to give her the 'd ' , did you even patch her ? 
  a-are you going to maybe . . 
  i do n't know . . use that ho -, 
  never mind . 
  whatever . 
  fine . 
  the main story does n't even bend that way . 
  i can always write * another * one . 
  i should have known what to expect by following this prompt ... 
  i 'm going to give you an advice : do n't piss me off . 
  i 'm * that * person you do n't want to piss off . 
  as unbelievable as it seems , i have this bizarre power to shift one person 's luck and plow it into the bad side . 
  you see , one day while i was sat at my lonesome corner at school trying hard not to cry thanks to my latest round of punishment from my bullies back on elementary school , i was found out by this tall fat guy probably looking for a round 2 . 
  we lived in the middle of nowhere , and honestly there was n't much to do at the school i went anyways . 
  so he started with the typical call naming and slaps , trying to pour more salt in the open bleeding wound . 
  i at first meekly tried to tell him to stop but you know how those kind of guys are and he just increased the bothering . 
  that was until i looked at him straight into the eye and i gathered all my energy to state one single order to the fates : * `` why do n't you just die already ? 
  i did n't mean it , but i could feel something stir in the air . 
  next thing i know on the next day is that little jimmy 's car got hit by a truck on the way back home . 
  it was a disaster really . 
  it was all over the news even though my parents had tried their earnest to keep the details away from me . 
  they tried to comfort me telling me that these freak things happens sometimes , and to pray for jimmy 's recovery . 
  i was stunned , and somehow i knew * i * had been responsible for it . 
  part of me did n't want to believe it , but in the deep corners of my mind i knew that i was * craving * for something like this . 
  i quickly embraced my gift , making some shy test over the course of the school years over the preppy girls that roamed by the bathrooms ( having them squeak at how the toilets never work in their favor was always fun ) , to those kids that believed themselves to be jocks just because they were in their senior years . 
  some tripped , some lost their favorite trading card , harmless stuff like that . 
  the only benefit i could see was my own amusement , and that was simply enough . 
  as a new school year began though , a new kid popped out at my class . 
  from the looks of it , he came from some not-to-good economical situation and his dad had recently landed on some jackpot of sorts . 
  put the money on the kid 's future , what a swell guy . 
  the kid , whom i 'll call ace , became fairly popular with the other kids rather quickly . 
  he was n't very smart , nor had a great physique but somehow he would fit everywhere . 
  i envied the kid really , i would mutter things about him , hoping they 'd happen but somehow he found some way to * dodge * them ; there was this time where he was chosen to be the captain of the football team and i shook the fates so his fastest runner would sprain his ankle and he indeed he did at the worst point he could have done so . 
  none of the replacements seemed good enough , i mused , and while i perhaps took it too far by causing an actual injury , i just wanted to have little ace 's day ruined . 
  but !, 
  who the * fuck * would have guessed that small shrimp named jay could run that fast ? 
  the little devil moved as swiftly as a pig rubbed in lard . 
  nobody could catch him . 
  in the end , it was the win worthy of a cheesy disney flick . 
  i was stunned : how in the world could this guy escape my ` fate shift ' ? 
  i went as far as to ` experiment ' on other people and each time , their luck was bad enough to make them fall into situations i should have probably thought twice before doing so : bankruptcy , cheating , divorce . 
  i was in 5th !, 
  and i was already fucking up people 's lives just because this one kid seemed to be unaffected by the same effect as others around him . 
  so , of course , i confronted the little shit in 6th grade . 
  i made sure that he had no where to go , no escape : all alone in some janitor 's closet . 
  now that i think of it , i should have already guessed by that point how or why my ` powers ' never affected him . 
  `` why are inflicting so much harm , luke ? '', 
  ace looked at me concerned . 
  he placed a hand over my shoulder as if he were some sort of sibling but i shook it off rather quickly . 
  `` harm ? 
  what do you mean ? '', 
  i growled . 
  `` i know it 's you , it always happens when you are around . 
  i can feel it . '', 
  i pushed the little cunt onto the wall . 
  he barely missed the edge of the switchbox . 
  `` feel what ? 
  i did n't do anything ? '', 
  i tried to defend myself but something told me that it was the best time to get some answers back . 
  `` what about you ? 
  for some dumb reason , * everything * goes just right when ever you are there !, 
  instead of defending himself or chiding at me , he smiled . 
  he approached me with some amusement in his face . 
  `` so , it * was * you . '', 
  `` on what ? '', 
  `` you can also ` shift fates ' '', 
  i was aghast and then , it all finally clicked : the main reason why i could never afflict him was because he could do exactly the same as i , only in reverse . 
  it felt like the biggest discovery in the whole universe . 
  we started at each other with some degree of marvel and the next thing we know it , we started to tell tales of how we tried to fuck with each other 's ability : the kid with the sprain ? 
  turns out that if it was n't because of that visit to the doctor , they would n't have found that he had this strange disease on him . 
  the couple i threw them into a divorce ? 
  first of all , they were ace 's neighbors and when he found out , he shifted the fates so they 'd win a nice vacation . 
  stress can be a marriage killer after all . 
  `` and then , there was this kid that got hit by a truck . '', 
  ace said . 
  my heart skipped a beat . 
  that was my first ` shift ' and by far my strongest one . 
  i began to sweat nervous . 
  `` what about it ? '', 
  i muttered , staring away . 
  `` well , i was a witness . 
  it was ... 
  it was fucked up man . 
  i 've never seen something like that . 
  i thought you 'd only see them in one of those action movies from the 80s . 
  the suv rolled over some 3 lanes away and i was really , really scared . '', 
  i bit my lower lip . 
  i really had tried to forget about the guy and his accident , but to have it been told with such descriptions .
