  they eventually made a wall to protect it . 
  . over 5 years after we stopped doing that . 
  i the only one checking the hot action on that poster ? 
  ~ ~ otz , forgive me ~ ~, 
  now let 's have a chicken fight !, 
  stealing the idea from / u/neongreenpurple but using it in real life situations i face . 
  i want to spend $ 8.75 usd, 
  please consider that currently 1 usd = 11.70 mxn, 
  therefore 8.75 usd = 102.375 mxn . 
  this means i need to exchange either :, 
  1 bill of 100 + 3 of 1 peso ( to round it to 103 ), 
  2 bills of 50 pesos + 6 coins of 50 cents, 
  5 bills of 20 pesos + 3 pesos . 
  80 coins of 10 pesos + 3 pesos, 
  160 coins of 5 pesos + 3 of 1 peso, 
  things get more complicated when you use dollars on regular stores where they take it at 12 mxn = 1 usd . 
  then , 8.75 suddenly becomes 105 . 
  that means i can have :, 
  - 1 bill of 100 pesos + 1 coin of 5 pesos, 
  - 2 bills of 50 pesos + 1 coin of 5, 
  - 5 bills of 20 pesos + 1 coin of 5, 
  - 10 coins of 10 pesos + 1 coin of 5, 
  - 5 coins of 1 peso + any of the combinations above . 
  - 11 coins of 5 pesos, 
  finally , if you exchange backwards ( usd to mxn ) your 8.75 can magically turn into 101.68 pesos due to the magic of them buying your dollars at 11.64 . 
  so , you can receive :, 
  - 2 bills of 50 + 1 peso with 50 cents . 
  - 5 bills of 20 + 1 peso with 50 cents, 
  - or a 100 peso bill and the lady saying `` i do n't have any more change . 
  and these are the mathematics i use daily every week when i want cross the border . 
  i want to be you + . 
  to be honest , the complication comes when you are converting pesos to usd . 
  if you use dollars on stores and places on the border , they 'll take it at 12 pesos no matter the exchange rate handled on the banks or rate-houses . 
  so you 'd be cool . 
  i have always posted `` yes , i will send '' but my job has n't allowed to fulfill * any * of those requests . 
  but it seems that she needs some hugs and i want to help you . 
  i 'll make a cute card and send it tomorrow if you wish : ), 
  oh dear , i was the same yesterday . 
  . and the day before = v = ; ;, 
  i do n't know what to say other than just know that there are people there that can help you . 
  perhaps i can make you a small song or draw you something small : ), 
  wow !, 
  this idea is just amazing . 
  i 'd love to join you by making some drawings too : ), 
  you carry the same thoughts as i. 
  perhaps we can work something, 
  i 'm disappointed at most of what people call `` music '' these days to be honest : /, 
  pre-baked or pre-made pop stars with the only intent to be cash cows without any sense . 
  and this is n't only in pop , but also many other genres , even jazz and blues . 
  it makes me a bit picky on what to choose as bands or songs . 
  most of the times i only stick with classical music . 
  when i seek a song ( not even artist ) , i want it to take me somewhere , give me a message perhaps but most importantly make me feel something . 
  allow me to use it as a boat to ride on to another world or as a ladder to make my own . 
  my two cents here . 
  sadly i barely get to see any concerts live . 
  my last one was u2 , which i was invited to . 
  i like them but they did n't sound any different or better than when i get to listen one of their songs on the internet/radio . 
  i actually gifted my so a bonsai tree this year on our first anniversary together along with a small poem at how the bonsai represents our relationship . 
  `` small right now , and it might be a bit troubling to care for ; but when well groomed and loved , it can become something to behold '', 
  i am a cheesy person , what can i say : p, 
  i suppose that 's why i do n't have one , me being pan, 
  ~ ~ also that i do n't think my parents would approve me having one of those there ... 
  mom is still having a hard time grasping the concept of pansexuality ... ~ ~, 
  i do draw secretly some yaoi , yuri and echii , does that count ? 
  adobe is fair nice with me . 
  . except flash . 
  i am happy that cs6 actually includes an option to flash-save your files in case of anything ( like once when there was a small outage . 
  when i turned the comp on and photoshop , i was happily surprised to see my work saved as a temp file just like word does . 
  since 1998 . . 
  dunno if flash has that option ( hopefully ) . 
  i have yet to use final cut or vegas but from my sister 's experience , when they explode , you kind of want to murder the next person beside you . 
  mostly for the lulz ? 
  but these are things i get to see when i go to san diego and kind of have the itch to buy . 
  also to keep up an idea of what i will buy once i have more money for myself . 
  greetings kevin , i am da mangaka . 
  i shall now peck you and welcome you to the club . 
  we are very select people who love to gift each other selective items from a well known enterprise . 
  we hope you enjoy your stay \\* monocle \\*, 
  welcome to the club : d, 
  nice to have you here, 
  hello , i am a pigeon, 
  ~ ~ well , actually da mangaka . 
  but you 'll get used to that ~ ~, 
  simply create a wishlist and place it on your flair li -, 
  i see you have done that already . 
  good , good . 
  = v = welcome !, 
  you 'll see that you will be quite pleased at your stay . 
  do please pet the sloth and remember to watch your step . 
  my family never allowed me to get a pet . 
  but that did n't mean i did n't care for some animals . 
  i usually picked stray cats and took care of them , feeding and giving them a home inside an abandoned house close to mine . 
  mom says that some of the cats were so acquainted to me that they 'd slip inside my house and curl along with me . 
  she had quite a scare once due to that . 
  the last pet i had was a chick i found stranded inside a large minaret . 
  we cared for it and we liked it very much we decided to keep it . 
  since my mom feared that it might wander around and might get eaten by cats at night , she suggested to make it a nest . 
  . inside the washing machine \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  though it turned out ok since once we fluffed the blankets , it was a warm place for it to stay . 
  i 'd wake up in the morning before school to scoop the little chick for it to play outside .
