  the way of the champions . 
  if the movie could have had * any * redeeming moment , it was murdered just by that fucking retarded ending . 
  like , * really * ? 
  you have to end it like that ? 
  smh, 
  i 'm only buying the smash amiibo with some sporadic buys from the super mario line . 
  i got the splatoon too because maybe i might get the game but that 's about it . 
  i 'm not sure i 'll continue collecting amiibos once i 'm done with the smash ones but it may become a treat of once in a while . 
  i like to hunt amiibos slowly : if i do see a unicorn i may slice a head or two but otherwise i am not like hoarding every amiibo i see . 
  i have n't gotten any of the animal crossing or wooly world ones . 
  maybe later . . who knows . 
  i 'd be all in for a metroid line of amiibos but we all know that 's not going to happen ... 
  marios : smash/smash ( dr mario ) / 30 aniver, 
  i 'm planning on getting that mewtwo card too ... 
  will get another mewtwo for my so and maybe another peach because i unboxed my current peach wrong and i can see the seams of how i unboxed it and i do n't like it : /, 
  the * last * megaman at a gamestop . 
  the guy told me that the package was cracked ( it did have a small hole on the front plastic ) but i bought it because thatshit ` sgonnabecomeaunicorn . 
  i do n't regret my ` special box ' megaman now . 
  i was bummed when i noticed that but there is * still * a way to unbox it , take out the amiibo and the foil and place it back again . 
  it takes a bit of skill and patience ... and some tape , to unbox and re-box nicely . 
  at least , for once , i can actually touch the figurines . 
  another thing i noticed ( at least with my lucario figure ) is that the stickers have become super strong . 
  so in a way you 'd have to resource to take them off their packaging . 
  i think i 'll take my time to make a panorama picture of my collection . 
  i have about 30 + amiibos hung on my wall . 
  yesterday i got shulk , capt. 
  falcon and lucario and i 'm waiting on fox and yoshi ( smash ) to get to my mail . 
  ... aaaaaaaaaand there went my wallet . 
  we have an army ? 
  there 's also the fact that amiibo can get quite hard to get and you know what happens when things get hard to get . 
  if i there is no need , i wo n't open my amiibo boxes at all because , who knows , maybe i can re-sell/trade/what ever . 
  it 's not like they are way too common like the skylanders or infinity lines where i could easily pick up a box and open it without worrying about it 's possible future . 
  hmm . . so far my worst amiibo has to be pikachu . 
  the guy gets punished so bad, 
  an excellent recomendation, 
  i 've never walked off a movie theater before . 
  mostly because , even if the movie is shitty i can still indulge in popcorn which is sometimes the only reason i go . 
  heck , i did n't even * want * to see fant4stic after everyone and their dog were saying how bad it was but i went in because well ... popcorn . 
  popcorn will keep me there . 
  the movie was * so * bad ... the popcorn disgusted me . 
  my sis and his friend ( who was who prompted us in ) were so aghast with the movie we did n't even finish a quarter of the big bucket of popcorn we bought . 
  nachos were left off , hot dogs half bitten . 
  we thought it would turn into those ` so bad it 's good/funny ' movies but . . it was just a complete train wreck . 
  and what ever there could be salvageable of such movie was destroyed by that god aweful ` naming ' ending . 
  we began laughing at just how pointless and ridiculous it was and that was the only ` good ' thing we could take : how utterly retarded that whole ending was and how ... 
  good grief , never in my life a movie has left me with such disappointment/resentment ... 
  i 'm suscribed to the concert 's event feed in facebook and that 's where i got the news . 
  came here to confirm if it was a joke or not . 
  i wonder how it 'll work for those who bought vip tickets ... 
  edit : just recieved an e-mail from the vip package seller . 
  seems they 'll follow the rest and validate them for jan 7 . 
  i 'm officially a drone . 
  i would feel satisfied just with a ce  jfk  defector  the handler combo . 
  the rest are extras ( though i 'd love a free pizza ; ) ), 
  i ordered the vip package and well ... 
  i 'm not sure if it even contains a cd . 
  never got an e-mail to redeem it : /, 
  for some reason , it reminded me of an amiibo . 
  brb , making an ashens amiibo ... 
  it could be a modified mii brawler ( as in an arm moved to make his pose ), 
  i 'm not 100 % sure if it 's true but i think that you can attach a mii smasher to a figurine , making it a legit ashens amiibo : p, 
  i would be just happy if they added phoenix wright music as an easter egg . 
  not phoenix wright himself ( though it 'd be kind of cool ) but the music . 
  i 'd love to smash me some objections . 
  as a tijuanense , i 'm sorry that happened to you : (, 
  supposedly nowadays they 've made a special police force for turist areas that are suppposed to protect visitors but who knows . 
  sad that those who are meant to protect end up being the ones you flee from . 
  same here in mexico : /, 
  it 's actually cheaper to just cross the border and fill the car over in the us ... 
  you are thinking the * exact * same thing we are thinking about what to do with our politicians . 
  and you are absolutely correct : pemex says that it can not produce gas on their due to 1,000,000 reasons : they do n't have the infrastructure , the engineers , the methods for fracking ( that they do n't really need it at this point ... ) and/or the resources . 
  however , dechamps - who is ( or was ? 
  i ca n't recall by now . 
  i stopped reading mexican news since the whole mvs thing happened ) the one that manages pemex - is incredibly rich to the point that they have caught his daughter * many * times buying expensive stuff in europe , there is a big mafia of oil trucks that win a ton of money by just transporting the thing to the us * and * to top it out , it is well known that the gas sold in mexico may well be diluted with water . 
  you know ? 
  because why not charge them for something they are n't even buying . 
  they are always saying how the gas will no longer get more expensive and how selling prior-national assets to foreigners ( thanks to the recent energetic reform ) is the best thing ever but given the fact that there is a [ pemex branch in texas ] ( http://www.cnnexpansion.com/negocios/2015/12/03/pemex-abre-su-primera-estacion-de-servicio-en-estados-unidos ) that sells the gas * cheaper * than in mexico it 's just to add insult to the injury . 
  but . . yeah , nobody really cares . 
  they whine and bitch but as far as i know , right now , they are either celebrating the tigres won or moping the pumas lost . 
  soccer , telenovelas and bribes . 
  moving mexico !, 
  please do n't make them real . . 
  my wallet wo n't take it too well ... 
  holy shit ... 
  i ca n't wait to get * these * guys into my collection . 
  specially roy . 
  if i had to be able to snatch one of the fe amiibo , it 'll be him, 
  as a mexican with the intent of visiting canada next year , i wept happily when i realized i could buy a cad for 12 mxn . 
  ** holy crap !, 
  i can buy a house there !, 
  mexican checking in . 
  yup , going to canada next year . 
  with a rate of 12 mxn to 1 cad , it 's a wonderful time go go, 
  \\  famicon r.o.b, 
  \\  us package calls him `` r.o.b '' instead of `` robot '', 
  welp , it looks like he 's gon na be my first import . 
  on the other hand ... 
  i ** need ** that roy like you have no idea . 
  ho damn ... the memories . 
  it made me and my friends create a biker gang ( with bicycles ) and we 'd roam the streets feeling badass .
