  there 's war in x-tan , an inmigrant crisis in europe , a possible economical crisis on the way and you 're focused on some dude ( which btw sjws declare boisterously that they do n't care for * cis-het white males ' * opinions ) wo n't go to a cinema to waste 10 usd on a movie he well knows he is n't going to like . 
  i know it 's already been said but , is n't having the time to bitch about this a * privilege * ? 
  well , it sort of depends ? 
  over here at border cities/towns , even if you ca n't pronounce it well , people would use english and spanish words together . 
  granted , it is * super obvious * when somebody wants to show off but for the most part is just one of the things you adquire when you live around these places . 
  i 'm just here sitting , waiting for captain mexico to beat the shit out of him . 
  and steal his job . 
  can confirm : i am a good mexican trying to make a difference for myself in my country . 
  i do n't usually twitter but when i do ... 
  i fuck up . 
  t-thank you ? 
  - peeks from the shadows -, 
  h-hello ... this is . . er . . me, 
  your friendly shitposter ( ? ), 
  da mangaka . 
  so , here 's my story ( which i kind of tried to explain with 6 posts of 140 characters , fuck twitter ) :, 
  my first kia post was indeed the comic-con meeting , back in 2k15 . 
  i was bored , i was neutral , i was skeptic and i looked for lulz . 
  since nobody ` dared ' to make one , i said `` sure , why the fuck not ? '', 
  and lo-and-behold !, 
  i will not hide it : i was kind of baiting , sort of hoping to be some awkward reunion of sort of nice but obnoxious people , 13 year olds looking also for lulz , meh . 
  it was n't the first time i had joined the left in their marching and in their pitty parades , i was an optimist who really believed their promises of progress and equality ; bring a swift death to the system that has kept my country strangled for 75 + years . 
  but , the left not only is - most of the time - unorganized ... but * very * stupid . 
  i even participated in an occupy , the first in my country ... what a disaster that was . 
  that 's what i expected of gamergate . 
  i did n't want to judge it too hard without experiencing it by first hand and ... well , guess what ... you convinced me !, 
  the few people i managed to gather were so friendly , so nice . 
  sure , we were irl shitposting ( can we even call it like that ? ), 
  before we went to settle down on hooters ( hooters for goodness sake , the bastion of masculinity and sexism !!, 
  ! 111 ) and we have a very good conversation over delicious burgers . 
  i remember there being some game developer , another was some military guy ( who i told should totally awol for tacos and whom i apologize if i sounded rude when i told him to tone it down on the menu as i 'd be buying him lunch . 
  i did n't meant to , i just needed to last the other 2 days of the con and with the usd costing 14 pesos back then ... you had to think it a bit ... now it 's 18 otz ), 
  we walked around , joked , talked ... 
  i realized these were just people defending what they loved and they were n't too * into * it , and i mean it in a way that it is n't cultish . 
  most left-ist movements or ... most movements in general tend to have that vibe which is why i often just back away or join incognito . 
  part of why i did n't mind posting the meeting on twitter ( but was noping at the idea of giving my e-mail is because i. . . do n't expect people to see me ? 
  i do n't use twitter as much nor follow that many people so , eh , what ever . 
  and i 'm not exactly ... / u/shittywatercolor or anybody special for people to recognize me so - double shurg - i was some sort of ninja who 'd sometimes be hidden by downvotes and i 'd be fine with that . 
  i like you people , i 've grown to love and understand you and i feel that i need to protect you too so . . that 's sort of why i ended up joining in the end . 
  though i really do n't talk about it on other places and thus why my ... now polemic tweet ? 
  the twitter post was both a joke , a statement ( that i will more openly use twitter for gg ? 
  as ... odd it sounds . 
  then again , given my usage of twitter that may not be really of big use ... ) and just my small contribution to #icyblizzard , and i 'm sort of glad people are talking about it ( because it has the #icyblizzard !!, 
  mission accomplished !, 
  - bushpicture.jpeg - - airhorns - ) i just never intended it to be so big !, 
  and now , i have people poking me on a medium i barely use ... ^ because ^ i 'd ^ definitively ^ like ^ that ^ attention ^ given ^ to ^ my ^ art ^ but ^ what ^ ever ^ it 's ^ shitty ^ anyways ... 
  ; ; ; ; y-yeah . 
  some may know who i am , some do n't . 
  i 'll just hide behind some of kia 's delightful shitposts and much more interesting topics . 
  despite how goofy it is in general at times , phoenix wright can be * really * emotional and is quick to switch between stupid to `` holy crap , wtf ? '', 
  in surprise and shock . 
  the final cases of each games are perfect in illustrating this , with [ maya being kidnapped by an assasin ] ( / spoiler ) in jfa and the frustration phoenix faces with his client , the ` extra ' case in ace attorney , almost * everything * in t&t , the final cases in apollo justice ... 
  i 'm surprised this is n't higher . 
  i 'll just go and sip some coffee in godot 's name : '' (, 
  `` twenty five thousand , five hundred and eighty two bodies counting '', 
  she lit a ` churro ' , the coloquial name for a joint , and breathed deeply . 
  peter was n't sure if she was pleased from the rush of the drug or the amount of stated earlier . 
  he saw her as she inhailed deeply , sat down on the edge of a deep pothole , kalashnikov on her lap somewhat covered by the long and dirty coat she was wearing . 
  messy matted hair , a scarf around her neck with the strands tucked inside the coat . 
  he had heard stories of the city of delusion , but he had to come see it for himself . 
  `` i ca n't say i 'm proud of it but someone 's got ta do the job . 
  the world 's fucked up as it is . '', 
  she picked up the ` churro ' from her mouth , holding it with her left hand . 
  her dark blue eye stared at peter intensely , the other one covered by the only strands of long hair that were at least cared of . 
  `` when they closed that border over there , i knew that spelled trouble . 
  shit was going to hit the fan and i was n't going to wait for it . '', 
  it was an era that ended in disaster , peter recalled . 
  the once strong european union collapsed under it 's own careless weight , held by a pillar instead of a thousand as they had originally thought . 
  as the world judged their carelessness , others began to act and engulf the world in chaos followed by bad decisions . 
  superpowers acting like bad nannies trying to once more shape the world as they pleased but realizing only too late how little power they also had . 
  economic , political , social . 
  it all went to hell in the blink of an eye . 
  `` these are the times were everyone blames everyone , '' peter heard from a newscast on the telly a decade ago . 
  `` pointing fingers at each other without realizing that they are most posibly the author of their own curse . '', 
  `` why didya come ` ere though ? 
  howd ` ya found this place ? '', 
  the woman asked , holding the automatic gun on her arms as if it were some sort of child . 
  `` a friend refered to me . '', 
  peter flinched , although he tried his best not to show anything outward . 
  `` there are rumors of it on the undernet but they get shot down really quickly . '', 
  `` dis place be hell on earth boy , why d'ya wan na come here ? '', 
  london was somehow untouched from all of this . 
  the streets had never been as organized as this before . 
  pristine parks and government centers flurished . 
  commute times were competing against the once stereotyped german strict standards . 
  everything was * fine * . 
  on the dark corners where the shadows lurked , however , murmurs whispered stories of missing people . 
  dissidents that never existed . 
  a single party that ruled them all , disguised as many . 
  be a model citizen , consume as requested , assist to the events , read the material . 
  forget the past . 
  everything will be * fine * . 
  he breathed deeply , looking at her without fear for the first time . 
  a gentle smile appeared on his face . 
  `` i 'm looking for options . '', 
  a flurishing rose in the middle of the dessert , covered by torns . 
  twenty five thousand , five hundred and eighty two , it 's current population . 
  each of them defending what little they held . 
  by no means the place offered easy comfort nor comodities , but it did have something that most have lost in an attempt to bring back the sense of security . 
  the woman stood up , spitting out the joint from her mouth .
