  mexico : so . 
  . who wants a piece of me ? 
  25 yr old mexican pansexual here . 
  shoot me a pm to exchange addresses : d, 
  aw , it 's ok, 
  oh well , i tried ... 
  what ?!, 
  holy crap ; ; i 'm used to 10 % at most, 
  til i oppress restaurants . 
  i think will create a new fad . 
  i have lost the ability to wat . 
  i 'm a girl ~ ~ most of the time ~ ~ and i do n't wear make-up * anywhere * because i hate it because i think of it as being a stupid waste of time . 
  am i internalizing misogyny ? 
  they are in the box , so i suppose there 's a higher chance . 
  i 'm just playing my cards here ; ;, 
  she told me that she 's currently at work but from my understanding she and her mom do not have the best relationship so far . 
  my so was recently laid off from her job ( which her mom thinks she quit due to her being lazy or some other shit like that ) and still has to pay her part of the apartment from the savings she was holding to study in a decent college . 
  she also told me that her mom 's eyeing an ipad my so bought after her laptop broke so , i do n't think it 's just a ` need ' to get money to pay the rent . 
  it 's just ridiculous . 
  i wish i could help her get out of there but with my meager 150 usd weekly pay , i ca n't even move out of my own home ( in good terms , btw . 
  i just feel like i want my own space ) . 
  wait , you can do that in the us ? 
  have n't posted in / r/sanantonio because i was n't really sure a bunch of people would care about lost pokemon games like you do . 
  as for craiglist , i do n't think she 'd seel them online : if she wanted quick cash , a pawn shop would do the trick, 
  yes , we are both female . 
  girls . 
  i thought reddit was all pro-lgbt ( add your acronyms here ) and what ever . 
  \\* shrug * did n't feel like to add the whole gender stuff . 
  it hurts me to see russia like this . 
  i will confess that we had intelligence surveying the situation in russia mostly due how i wished to see a radical change in the country . 
  to see that did n't happen is disheartening . 
  i know ; ; that 's why as soon as i knew i posted this . 
  the exact same thing happened to a friend of mine here in mexico ( 3ds + pokemon y no less ! ), 
  but he got it back thanks to a bunch of us that gathered and found it at the pawn shop his mom sold it on and we all bought it back . 
  it felt really cool . 
  now that this has happened to my so . 
  i hoped that there could be a happy ending like that . 
  yeah , i know : p, 
  there 's the universal rule of the internet that states `` there are no girls in the internet '', 
  people automatically assumes you are a guy ( unless you start with `` hai , i am a girl and ... '' ), 
  so do n't worry : p, 
  hmm , that whole package interests me . 
  how good are you at making web-comic based webpages ? 
  to make it tl ; dr : i bought some games to my so . 
  her mom got into her room and took away her x360 and some pokemon games i had bought to her for her birthday . 
  i 'm pretty sure she must have sold them to a pawn shop or a gamestop store and i want to see if i am lucky enough to find them . 
  i 'm currently stuck in mexico , so there 's no chance i can go there to look for them personally . 
  i 'm asking for your help for this case . 
  gran colombia !, 
  it is good to see you back in the map ( if you know what i mean ) . 
  congratulations in your resurgence . 
  as part of the american continent , i wish to stretch my hand in good faith and offer you a chance to become an ally . 
  we will protect each other and reach prosperity like we have never reached before . 
  - hrh da mangaka i, 
  empress of the 3rd mexican empire, 
  imho , i do n't care to be called a sir . 
  ~ ~ to be honest , i have this odd fantasy of being able to pass as a guy for a day ~ ~, 
  again , \\* shrug *, 
  you wo n't die if you are refereed by the wrong gender : p, 
  your so calling you while in a date . 
  that is much more understandable then xd ;, 
  sorry if i did n't get it at first . 
  without giving much information about her address , she lives around [ this area ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/pxtft ), 
  significant other . 
  oh thank goodness ; ; ;, 
  here where , the max for a tip is 10 % so i 'm used to that . 
  though sometimes some restaurants will add the tip ( without your permission ) to your final receipt . 
  you need to keep an eye to that . 
  not from the us , btw , so do n't get all rage-y on this xd, 
  do you happen to know how california tips ? 
  he made a return in jfa in the final case . 
  he even substituted fransiska von karma, 
  ( more spoilers ), 
  op can still track that ipad if given the chance . 
  that would be really awesome !, 
  thank you . 
  for now , i am just hoping to track down these games . 
  we are both over 18 , but she does n't have any means to move out elsewhere atm . 
  she is struggling to find a job, 
  did anybody say * mass extermination * ? 
  because i am * sooooo * in that boat . 
  click the context button to expand, 
  i thought it was a cooking book . 
  thus , food poisoning . 
  would n't that reinforce the whole womyn-in-a-kitchen thing ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  if we consider history and geography , france and mexico had very tight binds . 
  here 's hoping a kalos-xixen connection, 
  i propose that if mexico is the base for a new region , these gods become the legendaries . 
  pokemon onyx and pokemon jade with quetzalcoalt as the mascot for jade and tezcatlipoca for onyx . 
  quetzalcoalt [ flying/psychic ] . 
  ability : regenerator, 
  tezcatlipoca [ fighting/dark ] . 
  ability : aftermath, 
  tlaloc [ water ] ability : drizzle . 
  huiztilopochtli [ fire/fighting ] ability : no guard . 
  tonantzin [ fairy/grass ] ability : flower veil, 
  hands down , i 'd love to have mewtwo around . 
  of course he 'll never let himself be captured but would n't it be cool that on one of those thoughtful full moon nights , a shadow is cast on your room only to find out that a certain friend of yours has the same mood ? 
  and there would be long chats , with a cup of tea .
