  blue xl for me , so 's getting red . 
  i feel so excited . 
  i suppose they do n't need to but , who are we to devoid of other children ( particularly fundies ) from enlightenment . 
  they should be able to learn to become euphoric and our children would be the best examples . 
  just my two cents . 
  wait . . we are in europe now ? 
  please bop her in the head and give her a map next time you meet . 
  tell her i sent her that . 
  actually there * is * a european part of mexico . 
  remember that we were under spain 's rule for almost 300 years . 
  and even after that , during the late xix century we had a lot of french and italian influence . 
  you can see most of these in mexico city , guadalajara and most of the central areas in mexico . 
  the cuisine and manners were also brought over . 
  things that you americans call ` odd ' from europe are kind of my experience going to mexico city - except that 's ... mexicanized , if you can understand it . 
  i suppose all we need is to ~ ~ kill our government and ~ ~ move to europe . 
  my goddesses , you might be right . 
  poor girl . 
  it 's a good thing she does n't live in mexico were we have to learn a second language to make a living . 
  she must feel privileged . 
  so far i know , the us is utterly fragmented . 
  i have n't touched the east so be sure to get the remaining pieces . 
  but do n't mess with texas . 
  really , do n't . 
  well , well . 
  free fuel for the territories has never been more convenient . 
  i think it 's more spain is part of * us * now . 
  hey !, 
  my sister and i do the same . 
  we then stare at each other and then start laughing stupidly . 
  the current one is called satoru iwata . 
  he 's fairly young , do n't worry . 
  see comments above mine . 
  tl ; dr : started the world of gaming as we know it . 
  my goddesses . 
  now it all makes sense . 
  it fuels my need to see him again . 
  i 'm sorry but ... who are you ? 
  plot-twist : he * is * bill nye, 
  \\* pokes *, 
  can i eat you ? 
   my daughter is excited to watch it for the first time . 
  and then . 
  it 'll go down to a spiral of sadness in which she and you will be hugging each other afterwards . 
  but seriously , that 's just awesome . 
  i am perhaps one of the few people that might post that i * like * the post virus world . 
  our country is full of natural resources ready to be exploited and administered . 
  all we lacked was administration . 
  ~ ~ thanks to the retarded government we used to have and now happily is dead ~ ~, 
  aside from keeping electricity up and services , one of the main things that make people groan is the fact that they have to return to do ` peasant ' work . 
  well , turns out * that * is what gives you food . 
  the best turn of events is that our increasing obesity problem is becoming nothing more than a thing of the past given our innate need to work at least 12 hours a day . 
  sure , there are lazy bums around but there are always jokes about how we always need more people for the electric company . 
  this then puts them back to work with a chuckle on their face . 
  for now , we are working as hard as we have always done only that this time we * do * get what we deserve in return . 
  i announce , by the way , that nafta is officially dead . 
  we would like to reclaim the corpses of your dead . 
  it is not good to keep them all rotting and it can cause a spike of insalubrious toxins . 
  let us clean it up for you . 
  vv ** here 's the text translated from spanish ** vv, 
  `` having two fathers was the unforgivable mistake for a girl in nuevo leon '', 
  * a school in monterrey , the hills institute , not only expelled a minor for being raised by a homosexual family , but her stay was conditioned so her biological father would present himself as single and offered a public apology . 
  photo : daniela mendoza luna, 
  * the principal conditioned them to not be presented as a couple to the school community . 
  alejandra had only three weeks of having started school when she was expelled from the hills institute school . 
  the unforgivable mistake to the board of directors of the school was to have two fathers instead of a mother and a father . 
  alex and pepe have lived in monterrey for 8 months , having moved from nuevo laredo , they settled in the cumbres neighborhood and started to look for a secular educative institute for their two year old child . 
  when they saw the mission / vision of this educational institution included respect for diversity , they believed to have found the right place . 
  before the school year began , she was registered and one week later at the open house the three of them presented themselves at the campus as a homosexual family and met teachers , parents and other personnel without any problems . 
  but the third day of school had not ended when alex was called by the principal of the school , patricia dur\u00e1n , to tell him that their family situation would not allow the girl to remain in school . 
  affirming that the owners were homophobic , she offered the parent the chance to continue being part of the institution so long he compromised in signing a letter - which milenio monterrey has a copy - in which they renounced to present themselves as a family . 
  among the conditions was to assist to the school events individually , abstain of doing any out of place commentary to any other parents about their situation , not going to the festivities of may 10 ( mother 's day in mexico ) , absolute discretion and compromising to the nonattendance of his husband to the institution . 
  it even asked them for a public apology . 
  `` pepe had to be completely absent of our daughter 's school life and basically she wanted me to go as a single parent which i 'm not '' , alex recalls . 
  alex did not sign the letter and the principal pointed out that based on this she could n't guarantee the permanence of the girl at the school , but she would give him a `` final verdict '' on the following days . 
  the couple sought out the help of state and federal authorities , they immediately contacted the national commission to prevent discrimination ( conapred in spanish ) , which began to work on the case and spoke with the directives at the school . 
  `` the conapred intervened imminently , even the sep ( public education secretariat ) received us to see if we could reconcile before the next appointment with the school , '' pepe tells , who , not being alejandra 's foster parent , had to stay out of the negotiations with the school . 
  they also found an echo with the nuevo leon educative authorities , who through the secretariat for childhood education would enter into a dialogue . 
  three weeks passed before alex was cited again to the institute with the warning that the ones who should attend would have to be the girl 's `` father and mother '' . 
  as they went to the accorded hour , the doors of the institution were closed ; an employee accompanied by a security guard informed them that there would n't be a meeting , the girl was expelled and they could n't come in . 
  despite their request to speak with the principal the access was denied , so they demanded return of the didactic material that they had brought for their daughter 's education as well as a refund for the tuition . 
  `` they saw us through the crystal ( window ) and locked the door , the receptionist went to the back of the office and they had us there standing for 10 minutes and they send us a security guard with an employee to tell us that the girl has been officially expelled . '', 
  he recalls . 
  they gave them a check with only 70 % of the expenses incurred and in days after the event the institution modified their mission/vision in the institution 's website , and with a simple stroke they erased everything referring to respect for diversity . 
  as they made their case public to other families , the couple received great support and noticed how they were unfamiliar with the case . 
  the situation is currently being settled at the ministry of education , the federal office of consumer protection and the commission for the prevention of discrimination, 
  alejandra is at home with a nanny while their parents work and continue looking for an educative space that really considers tolerance and respect for diversity as one of their principals and does n't use it as a publicity stunt . 
  are you * sure * you want to be responsible of russia ? 
  while not territory , i am watching over it . 
  i 'm afraid they can use it for . 
  . things . 
  the least i want is another maniac blowing the crap out of everything because `` why not ? '', 
  ~ ~ also , kaliningrad is mine ~ ~, 
  go and take brazil . 
  however , texas is . 
  you * really * do n't want it . 
  nope . 
  the mexican empire has known enough of what it can do . 
  best to leave it alone . 
  propongo independizarnos . 
  infernape is based on sun_wukong from `` journey to the west '',
