  did you say ... ralts ? 
  what natures are they ? 
  and the gardevoir ? 
  i have a grotto liepard to trade : d, 
  i wonder what a ralts ommelet tastes like ... 
  other than that , : / hmm , do you have anything else you can offer me for the oshawott ? 
  i 'll breed you another oshawott . 
  that way , it 'll be egg for egg and it 'll be your ot : d, 
  we can make scrambled eggs together !, 
  i 'll take the beldum egg if that 's the case . 
  ot = original trainer . 
  it 'll have your name tag , in other words . 
  since my samurott is female , lately i 've getting a rush of female oshawotts . 
  if you are lucky , you might end up with a breedable one : d, 
  yup . 
  you 'll need to give me your friend code . 
  mine is on my flair, 
  i 'm on my ipod , that 's why xd ; ca n't see flairs . 
  i 'll get in my computer . 
  it 's better : p, 
  hold up juuuust a bit ... 
  like wise !, 
  nice trading with ya ^ w ^ /, 
  it 's ok , really : p, 
  not much if a liepard fan . 
  what are the natures of both ? 
  i 'm tempted to go for the foongus due breadability, 
  yes , please, 
  i 'll go with the foongus . 
  yeah . 
  call it `` fushigitake '' or `` shiitake '' if the first one ca n't fit . 
  fc is 2795-8493-8495, 
  do you want a name for the liepard ? 
  ~ bumping it up ~, 
  i have lots of prism scales to offer you . 
  i can help : d, 
  right now actually . 
  i will just go to nickname it . 
  i do warn ya : it 's male : p, 
  lem me make a trade and i 'll go right with ya . 
  do you want any white2 exclusives to be traded for getting data or anything goes ? 
  ok , i 'm in, 
  i ca n't seem to be able to connect with you . 
  i 'll go and reset my ds , ok ? 
  i 'm looking for poison types for a tournament team i 'm doing . 
  have in mind the battle format is triple battle . 
  mainly , i 'm looking for a venonat/venomoth w baton pass/quiver dance , but any venonat/venomoth is fine . 
  insect types are good too since i am pretty sure next tourney is around them ( unova league , currently we are in virkbank ), 
  all right . 
  i do n't understand why we ca n't connect : /, 
  any venonat is fine : d. pref . 
  female to breed and what not . 
  no problem ' w ' /, 
  yay !, 
  you want something for it ? 
  i do have a emboar but i need a ditto to breed it ( only one i have ), 
  sure : d, 
  you want a name for it ? 
  if female : ginga, 
  if male : yueh, 
  i 'm ready, 
  no , sadly no . 
  i 've been trying to get one myself, 
  my gothitas . . . take them = 7 =, 
  - basculin ( x1 ), 
  - jellicent ( x1 ), 
  - carnivine ( x1 ), 
  i am a breeder too : p, 
  it 's yanmask , sorry ; ; i accidentally the spelling, 
  my fc is on my flair, 
  unless they troll you and they put an everstone on that haunter ... just like that girl in diamond . 
  actually , and i recently learned , you no longer need to have the pokemon you want to trade in your party . 
  you can actually pick them from the boxes directly . 
  i 'm not sure if you can do that in black/white though . . 
  so if not , oh well xd ;, 
  i will throw my guess with lucky togepi . 
  if i won , i would love one shiny or any togepi . 
  i love them . 
  cute and fluffy < 3, 
  thanks so much for the freeza : d, 
  i can offer you from gen i :, 
  - pidgey w / dw ability, 
  - electabuzz, 
  - vulpix w / dw ability, 
  - tentacool w/dw ability, 
  some i have to breed . 
  if you want i can hatch them too . 
  up to you : ), 
  i can give you an egg . 
  it wo n't be a sucky pokemon , i promise : d, 
  i could * borrow * you my mew , but it 's lv 100 and i do n't think that can make you feel the magic ( if you are really starting , i suppose a lv 21 mew should do it , imposible to get legit ) . 
  any level range you want them ? 
  also , if from eggs , do you want them hatched ? 
  so do i , but well that 's maybe because i 've been a breeder since gen ii . 
  ok , so a jigglypuff egg . 
  anything else i should breed ? 
  i sadly do n't have any of those . 
  i could get a plusle/minun from the dw but i ca n't access it until tomorrow ^ ^ ;, 
  though i could try on my white version ( using white 2 atm ) . 
  if you finished the story on white , it 's highly recommendable to get white 2 .
