  1 ) wash hands, 
  2 ) pop slowly, 
  3 ) push out the stuff until some blood comes out, 
  4 ) press down so the blood does it 's stuff and cloths the wound ( use a cloth or sterile gauze for this ), 
  5 ) wash hands again and keep pressing until you no longer bleed . 
  may do n't pop it because they say they get scarred but i 've seen many people whose face look like the moon and they do n't pop at all . 
  i suppose it also depends on the kind of skin : /, 
  a story of love lost . 
  i know many of those but i do n't think i can relate one to myself . 
  that first love i had now is sort of my sister , so i really did n't loose her at all . 
  but , i suppose i can tell you a small story for the sake of it :, 
  imagine you are a boy in your youth . 
  you know little of the world but you know enough of it 's rules . 
  boy with girls and never the other way . 
  you meet a small lady who makes you feel fuzzy and shy . 
  you eventually go as far as to protect her from invisible demons and swear to guard her . 
  your ` princess ' . 
  as days pass , though , you realize that said princess was a prince in the end . 
  you 're sad , heart struck because you know that love can not be despite the fact that all it changed was a denomination . 
  and so you leave , without ever knowing that he indeed was a she . 
  sometimes , we just take too much account on small details and norms . 
  as somebody who grew up with the books , yes . 
  go get him an i spy book . 
  he 'll love the colors and the toys and all : d, 
  the books ( at least at walmart ) were around 2.50 usd . 
  they are n't too thick but i 'm sure it can bring quite an entertaining time to your kid . 
  as with ssj4cage , my legs seem to be stupid . 
  i have been working out and right now , comically , my right buttock seems to be stuck and tense . 
  it 's not really bad but it can get a bit difficult to stand up . 
  i suppose my body is n't as aligned as i thought it 'd be after healing from an ankle sprain . 
  but with a bit of yoga and some more excercise , i might make it . 
  my goal after all is to look good and so far i am moving to my goal in a good manner : d, 
  ps : also listening to epic music helps . 
  actually , the reason why you might feel better after exercise also has a scientific back drop . 
  something about dopamine being released . 
  but , if that also helps with other things , that 's just as awesome : d, 
  peaches and cream ~ < 3 = 7 =, 
  you might not know but [ i love drawing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p19h8hd.jpg ), 
  it reminds me of the pair of switches so you can choose the temperature of your hair-dryer . 
  seems simple enough to me . 
  ~ ~ now if somebody thought me to use a hairdryer . 
  hm , when i was growing up i remember having both easy bakes * and * hot wheels . 
  rc cars and barbies ( well , teresas . 
  i hated that dumb bitch : p ) . 
  my parents really did n't care about what toy i asked for christmas . 
  in that sense they were really liberal and i never really understood the whole boy/girl toy thing . 
  i remember once i went to play with a friend ( girl ) and i found this altar her family had built for the virgen de guadalupe . 
  i saw the candles and the decorations and of course , i decided to make it a sort of mortal kombat scenario where the barbie dolls had to fight to decide who 'd be the new amazoness queen . 
  my friend was n't that amused when she found me . 
  nevertheless it was cool . 
  damn it !, 
  i miss my childhood . 
  why must we restrict kids on this sense ? 
  ~ ~ the only thing i never got from my pops was a n64 . 
  it 's kind of hard for me , failing that is . 
  i acquired this horrible sense of stigma when it comes to failure . 
  i get nightmares just of thinking on them . 
  failure of complying , fulfilling things . 
  i 've always aimed at things i knew i 'd succeed . 
  it comes a long way actually . 
  i suppose that 's what paralyzes me . 
  i 'm afraid to fail and technically in order to not do so is to stay still and do nothing which also stresses the fuck out of me . 
  it 's a stalemate where i want to do things but i am afraid to do so because i 'll fail , i 'll be pointed at , laughed , told how much of a failure i am or how stupid i was for even trying and it goes back to me getting stuck in my room for the rest of the day . 
  i 'm a girl . 
  ama as to why i friendzone you fedora wearing , reddit enhancement suite using , mountain dew drinking atheist euphoric men . 
  i suddenly had the urge to go back to mass and read the bible 3 times . 
  please do n't ban me . 
  i-i . 
  i read that on the narrator 's voice . 
  i was unsure if it was gauntlet legends related and i kind of squeaked when i read the comments and see it was indeed . 
  blue wizard ftw, 
  i thought that might be the case . 
  i have investigated the situation to further understand it and i realized that , while this separatist movement exists since the early xx century , only when spain ( and the world in general ) was hit by the economical crisis did the movement take strength . 
  i ca n't blame them : neither zapatero or rajoy have done anything to stand to it ( and from what i know rajoy seems to be an idiot ) . 
  however , if i also predict well , a separatist action would only hurt both parts : i honestly believe catalonia is n't really prepared both politically and economically to start of as a country . 
  it does n't have the resources to be self-sufficient . 
  wether they admit it or not , they still receive their bit from spain . 
  speaking of spain , the separation would only make it worse for spain since it is n't also prepared for it . 
  this is a lose-lose situation sadly . 
  if they really want to separate , both parties need to work to make things better before ruining things up for both sides . 
  just my two cents based on what i know . 
  holy crap ... that 's just a bit worse than i expected ; ; ;, 
  i mean worse in the fact that they go around indoctrinating the whole separatist stuff . 
  but then again , i also can understand it . 
  there is n't something like it in my place but the media really wrecks your shit , specially when you only have to `` air '' options available . 
  from the looks of it , this is worse than quebec , for example . 
  thanks for explaining this to me in further detail . 
  i just hope you guys ( catalonia ) understands that 's better to work together than to keep each other apart . 
  i know it 's hard ( i read in another similar thread how you might even call you `` nazi '' for suggesting a catalu\u00f1a-spanish unity ) but it is better than throwing yourselves to a sea full of troubles and sharks . 
  air slash + togekiss . 
  it makes it worse when it paralyzes you first, 
  and this is why i love being mexican . 
  september 16 is a holiday ~ \u266a . 
  yay holidays : d, 
  that moment when you point and squee at noticing a pokemon . 
  i 'm just so excited for x and y xd, 
  i 'm a brown , bixsexual atheist woman . 
  now where is my gold and upsnowdens ? 
  i will give you mountain dew . 
  how is that ?
