  9 ) space dementia, 
  10 ) schubert 's ave maria, 
  12 ) citizen erased, 
  13 ) micro cuts, 
  14 ) falling away with you, 
  outro  interlude, 
  march 5 , 1985 . 
  a random date on the calendar which would go on to be unimportant or related throughout history . 
  it would not be recorded in books nor told as a tale among others . 
  it would just be another date in a place where the colours of the sky , the freshness of the air , and the will of thought were taken away , replaced by grey , burnt ; by nothingness . 
  it was the life of anybody inside the soviet union . 
  very few could see the benefits of a system which was very much broken and collapsed upon the thousands who tried to continue living or , in any case , survive . 
  it meant nothing , the days or hours that passed , for everything had a prepared schedule : when to wake , when to work , when to eat , when to die . 
  it did n't matter just how much you could force yourself to think otherwise , how to remember what lay beyond the iron curtain , where the sky was still blue , the air was still fresh and people could say whatever they pleased without a gun meeting up their forehead . 
  and yet , it was this privilege , hidden or taken away from him for so long , that he was now experiencing and wanted to know why . 
  why had he been freed from his own mind , having the feeling that time had been stolen , the sensation that everything he thought he lived was a lie . 
  a life inside a lie which began to collapse further , a lie which would probably kill them all eventually . 
  the hallways of the place they had all called home were as cold as ever , silent and passive , only interrupted by the sound of shuffling and struggle , as a tall blond man slammed a shorter , brown-haired one into the wall , head first , hand grasping his neck . 
  the one being suffocated , stared at the other - whom had become their protector and their executioner , their torment and their guide - surprised , with his green eyes pleading . 
  the man holding the other by the neck , with his icy purple eyes that had faint blots of red protruding even more with rage as if the colours were half-mixed glaring at his captive prey , tightened his hand enough to keep him barely breathing or in this case speak . 
  his ghostly colored hair , as of dirty snow , hinting at a once vibrant color washed away by some sort of curse or fate , with no life of its own but just to be there , longer than what his military rank should let him have but not too fancy to be . 
  `` litva . 
  the cold and deep voice of the man came out in a menacing whisper , fixating his own stares on his prey . 
  `` tell me . 
  tell him what ? 
  how long had it been ? 
  what was that place ? 
  who had it there ? 
  who was the man in the pictures and books he found in that abandoned fortress ? 
  was it possible he had any relationship on fates before ? 
  how could such a person be related when they were so different , both in appearance and in attitude ? 
  and yet . 
  there was so much he could n't understand , like the fact that he could read diaries of old , written in a language that no longer existed . 
  it had been a very big fall . 
  `` listen to me litva , and do n't lie to me . '', 
  he highlighted ` lie ' with a louder tone of voice , shaking his throat . 
  `` you dare to lie to me and i 'll see ivan have some fun with you : ravis has been a useless chew toy lately and he 's getting tired with him . '', 
  a long and deep fall , down a rabbit hole he had never expected to find , not in that place of all sites possible in the city he had under his wing to survey and even control . 
  a city where he had every single detail checked out . 
  it was a random chance or perhaps an act of fate that he decided to visit such cold and hollowed place , let alone for his feet to stumble with a soft point , cracking underneath him with his weight , pulling him down to a dark and deafening fall . 
  how deep was it ? 
  ten feet ? 
  twenty ? 
  maybe forty ? 
  it felt like he fell forever , images and scenery swirling around him , ghosts of a better season where the winter was n't bitter and the sky had color . 
  all suddenly stopped by his body slamming onto the rocky ground , able to hear a loud ` crack ' inside his skull . 
  something broke , he told himself before he passed out , and it allowed him upon waking up to think for himself . 
  it had been such a long fall . 
  the man he called `` litva '' stared at him , trembling , trying to gasp out an answer but finding himself unable to . 
  such a change ... he could n't even begin to imagine what had been done to make his karaliau\u010dius turn into ... into this . 
  if only ivan had let him die ... but that would have been merciful . 
  they had all learned the past decades that mercy existed only rarely here . 
  as rare as the firebird ivan had ( pretended to ? 
  it was so hard to tell with him when he got ideas in his head ... ) looked for when they were younger , before ... before this insanity . 
  but still the grip around his throat tightened , causing his vision to start to black out around the edges , making it even more impossible for him to answer . 
  he could n't even nod , or gurgle anything remotely answer-like out ... so instead he placed his hands on his captor 's , not trying to pry them off himself , but more gently , reassuring ... trying to reassure him that he would n't lie to him . 
  however , the purple-eyed man glared at litva longer , the grip turning even harder as his prey 's gentle hands reached his own , half of himself trying to shove away the feeling that began to caress his consciousness . 
  his now awoken consciousness . 
  one who had seemingly not existed for the past 40 years . 
  the soldier threw him to the other wall , releasing him from his grip , trying to see if he could feel something other than remorse for the man who slammed down hard onto the floor of the cold fortress that was their home . 
  as soon as he hit the wall and slid down , litva curled up tight instinctively , knowing that the tighter he could curl , the less there was of him available to hurt . 
  even still , he tried to not flinch at the boot that nudged him ... tried and failed ... hands flying up to protect and massage his neck , trying to take some of the pain away . 
  i have many questions to ask , litva . '', 
  it was still a haunting voice . 
  `` i hope you have all the answers . '', 
  `` because , if you do n't . 
  he cocked his head to a side . 
  karalia - ... no , kaliningrad now ... kaliningrad seemed to have calmed down a little ... so there was no immediate danger to uncurling ... then sitting up , massaging his neck again . 
  litva stared up at the oblast , trying to gauge his emotion now . 
  so difficult to do sometimes ... `` i-i ... 
  i will try to answer ... '' he said , hesitating . 
  `` i ca n't tell if i have all of the answers , though , because i 'm not sure what your questions ar ... '', 
  ... and then he froze , a small `` why me '' smile on his face . 
  no , that was n't the right thing to say , was it ? 
  raivis ' mouth had rubbed off on him ... 
  kaliningrad crouched at his level , ever keeping a stoic face and a cold look . 
  `` i want you to tell me , if you can recognize this . '', 
  from inside his coat - and only god could perhaps know where he had it hidden - he pulled out an old leather-paste book , dusty , old and with slight hints of damage on the cover , the pages on the side yellowed . 
  he threw it to his face , the thing opening and slamming on litva 's nose . 
  how could he not recognize it ? 
  the servant smiled sadly , flipping the pages carefully . 
  he would n't even begin to know how to start with it . 
  `` i. . . can recognize it , '' he said , quiet . 
  he scanned the pages as he flipped through them , smiling as he caught some of the more upbeat phrases , even as the entries became more and more serious ... no , they were n't happy times , when this diary was written , but the author 's mood was unconquerable even then . 
  so much different from now . 
  '' ... do ... do you remember , karaliau\u010dius ? '', 
  he continued , even quieter . 
  kaliningrad 's expression was unmoving , although his curiosity began to expand even more . 
  he lifted a foot to press it against his victim 's chest . 
  `` what did you just call me ? '', 
  it was already something he was used to : to ask a question , kick or maim the victim , do something to it so it had no other option than to answer . 
  and yet , his newly awakened consciousness banged inside his brain , telling him to stop and how wrong that was . 
  but his will was still stronger , ignoring it for the while . 
  `` answer . '', 
  litva smiled nervously , setting the book aside . 
  if another beating was going to happen , it would n't be good for it to get blood on it . 
  poor , innocent book ... poor , innocent karaliau\u010dius . 
  `` my name , for you ... b-before ... '' before the burning , before the killing , before the `` experiment , '' before he became kaliningrad . 
  `` my name for you ... even though gilbert ... he said it was n't as awesome as his name for you . '', 
  kaliningrad 's mind told him to beat him up for mentioning that man .
