  they 've probably not gone over to deviantart or sites like that . 
  besides , it 's * your * character , i 'm only doing the drawing . 
  i 'll start working once i finish this other project . 
  might take me up to the next week though ^ ^ ;, 
  i want to make it well . 
  plot twist : since op will * always * be a faggot . 
  . welp , prepare your anus !, 
  did n't i post that sort of thing in the * other * post regarding this james moment ? 
  though , til the mac\u00edas part was due the voice actor . 
  la neta que si  : |, 
  british columbia is your friend , i think . 
  i 'd love to swap your boring place with mine . 
  keep an eye on the / r/circlejerk-ers . 
  i feels those feel, 
  upvote for feels, 
  welcome to mexico : d, 
  are you it 's leader ? 
  question : is he mexican ? 
  he can apply for the free universal healthcare offered over here . 
  hmm , i see . 
  that might be a bit harder to maneuver then . 
  we are heading to mexico city . 
  i 'm gathering as many survivors as possible . 
  we 'll begin to rebuild the country as it should be . 
  you 're welcome to join us, 
  actually , considering that california is now part of the 3rd mexican empire , i suppose we 'll need governors . 
  are you willing to take on this task that 's is being given to you , axeholedb ? 
  have you not heard the news that op is always a faggot ? 
  no exceptions . 
  survivors . 
  we need to know how many are left . 
  also , we need to bring down that borderline : there 's no need for it anymore . 
  sentri a pie . 
  . es genial ~ ~, 
  i * had * actually wanted to do that . 
  you beat me to it internal_cannon . 
  you 're cool = v = b, 
  challenge accepted . 
  wonderful to see them there !, 
  was a pleasure to gift you . 
  ~ ~ now , i have this place on sixth street we can go and . 
  my current daftpunk song i love is actually from the tron legacy ost . 
  '' [ the son of flynn ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlen8svyhj8 ) '' . 
  it 's such a short song yet it has some sort of mesmerizing effect i ca n't describe . 
  throws me into a future i envision . 
  it 's really cool, 
  dude , my sister wants that cd so bad . 
  she 's a 3stm hardcore fan . 
  maybe i should surprise her with the disk . 
  when is it out ? 
  you and i think the same xd ;, 
  i even have a purple gamecube . 
  if they bring contest , please bring them back as in hoenn region . 
  shinoh contests where stupid : /, 
  i want that ticket stub ; v ;, 
  purple ftw !, 
  op will sure deliver, 
  the xl is to big for my adventure bag : (, 
  then it is decided . 
  instead of waiting for a purple 3ds ll , i shall get me a simple 3ds, 
  thank you , random internet stranger, 
  nah , it 's cool . 
  that only comes to show how bonded we are as community : p, 
  true . 
  yep , once i get more money , i 'll get the regular 3ds, 
  bend over ; ), 
  this, 
  what will neo hispania do with the remains of what was held by the former royal family ? 
  any plans on that ? 
  as far as i know , there is another canadian claiming territory ( not canada as whole , but lower parts . 
  i think alberta ) . 
  if there are no conflicts in territory and power , i , the empress of the 3rd mexican empire , accept your authority and invite you to re-create the oas . 
  i have a question for you : what if said females turn out to be lesbians ? 
  will you allow same-sex marriage ? 
  - hrh damangaka i of the 3rd mexican empire . 
  nooooooooooo , that poor child . 
  she 'll join the millions who have cried on tlbt ; v ;, 
  how could you ? 
  giving you a bit of experience here on the ` majority vote win ' scenario : while it 's the best so read on what the populace has decided , it is also * very * easy for vote buying and vote rigging . 
  i suppose you might have heard about our last election on 2012 and how there were complaints of politicians of a party practically using government earnings to spend on their campaigns . 
  if you do utilize this approach , you 'll need to have a dedicated group meant to keep away any act of corruption . 
  also , it is necessary to educate people on the reasons why one votes and what one can achieve with it . 
  most people vote for a party rather than a person and it 's propositions , much like when cheering for a futbol ( or in your case hockey ) team . 
  a lot is lost in between . 
  my two cents here . 
  as for my part , i 'll combine both republic-like and monarchic style types of government to complement each other , never compete . 
  despite the assigned tag of 'em pire ' , it 's mostly due to historic purposes ( as the country was * meant * to be a an empire according to our founding fathers , yet never did happen due chaotic political ambiances ) . 
  it will still retain a governor on each of the 36 states + 1 federal district and the president/prime minister will have a single rule of 6 years . 
  i would love to receive you in california , though i do n't know in which part you 'll land . 
  i live in bcn ( in mexico ) and thus i am quite on the south . 
  but it would be awesome to receive you a la `` amazing race '' once you get over here : p, 
  f/ca chiming in ( well , more like bc ) . 
  what 's up ? 
  fellow baja californian here . 
  hello = v = /, 
  how may i be of assistance ? 
  hmm , well , i 'm interested in that one with the town back in the 50s or the kid with the traditional clothes . 
  i can send you one from my side if you want : ), 
  you 're surprised to see me here , are n't you ? 
  questioning yourself as to why a person of my type would await silently before doing my mission .
