  i was already working since high school at a call center , so , it just carried on : p, 
  postealo en / r/cinemagraphs /, 
  super genial + 0 + !, 
  from experience , humans often are more eager to lie than to admit the truth . 
  a contradiction from earlier times in which one is awarded or applauded for being honest . 
  honesty is on the top charts of virtues one must admire and hone , along with justice and kindness to one another . 
  i suppose the reason behind it is to leave some sort of trail , a reminder that we should remain true to ourselves in a world that embraces masks and lies . 
  the line between fantasy and reality is so thin these days : one slip and you can get easily lost . 
  `` you know , '' alex 's voice shook me out of my stupor . 
  my eyes had been closed until that point , deep in thought . 
  it was something of a characteristic of mine , one some people would often poke fun at . 
  `` it 's not really that hard . 
  i mean , living out on that big world . 
  i 'll admit it can be startling , a bunch of your decisions are thrown away without care and no matter how much you roll the die , you just ca n't get the results you want . 
  but , i suppose that 's also part of what brings flavor to it ? 
  a purpose . '', 
  `` purpose ? 
  since when had you become so interested in something like a purpose ? '', 
  i scoffed , chuckling at the end and shaking my head . 
  `` well , i guess it must have come from somewhere . '', 
  alex nudged his head on my direction , a grin forming on his lips . 
  in the past , this kind of attitude would have annoyed me but after 10 years looking after each other , i 've grown used to his quirks . 
  i stood up from the sofa , stretching my back as i moved my head gently side by side . 
  work had not been easy these days , specially since i got moved into making teppanyaki . 
  an accomplishment i had been looking for , but not necessarily so rewarding after a shift . 
  `` speaking of , '' alex shifted on the sofa , laying completely on it as if i were to give him therapy . 
  something that may have remained from the earlier days i had met him . 
  i had always been curious but it was an obvious topic not to pursue relentlessly . 
  `` have you found your purpose ? '', 
  `` why do you ask ? '', 
  i turned to him , looking at him with curiosity . 
  `` just asking . 
  you seem much more at ease . '', 
  `` i suppose that is what happens when one grows up . '', 
  i crossed my arms . 
  `` the energy one has as a child does n't necessarily dimmers but gets better focused . 
  hmm , is that why you 're asking about my purpose ? '', 
  alex smiled at me , looking right onto my face with a calm silence . 
  i was about to ask him a question but decided not to . 
  he later sat up and opened a nearby drawer , shuffling the things inside until he got out a small plastic bottle . 
  right , sleep time . 
  i took some steps back , giving him some more space to move out . 
  `` you know , '' alex stood up form the couch and walked past me , heading to the kitchen to pick up a glass of water . 
  `` i know it 's going to sound dickish but , i wish what you earned at the restaurant would really make a difference for the rent . '', 
  i sighed . 
  `` maybe , '' i began muttering quietly . 
  `` you could try working as an engineer for once . 
  as far as i know , there 's not much improvements or workflows you can do at a deli . 
  they also pay better . '', 
  `` what about you , mr bio-engineer ? '', 
  he taunted me back , shaking the bottle , making the pills rattle . 
  `` cooking at a japanese restaurant wo n't help your research into creating the perfect soldier ! '', 
  '' that is * doctor * bio-engineer for you . '', 
  i growled at him . 
  `` and i will remind you , for the * tenth * time this year , that i do n't need the research : * i * am the perfect soldier ! '', 
  then i started laughing like a cheesy saturday morning villain . 
  alex rolled his eyes , trying really hard not to chuckle as he headed to his room . 
  `` hey shigeru , '' he said as he stood by the door frame , holding the glass on one hand and the pill on the other . 
  `` regardless if you 've found your purpose or not , or how stupid that evil laughter of yours was just now , i just want to say thanks . 
  i would * really * appreciate if you found some way to get your share of your rent , but i guess your company is the second best i can get from you . '', 
  i cocked my head to the side puzzled , looking how he took the pill with a big gulp of the glass . 
  drowsiness suddenly began to wrap my mind . 
  `` is it . 
  . because . 
  i 'm . 
  i said between yawns , rubbing my left eye . 
  i felt a gentle smile form on my face , probably out of the pleasant feeling that was washing me all over . 
  a sensation of stillness and nonexistence began to crawl after but it was n't at all unpleasant . 
  the first times it had happened , i would admit , it was terrifying . 
  but now , i welcomed it . 
  after all , it was part of the job . 
  with a last look at my surroundings , knowing he was already toppled on his bed , i closed my eyes easily , relinquishing my essence into the void . 
  tired with dealing with everyone 's crap , adam changed into a white tunic and disappeared out of sight . 
  sure , he would still be sought and have his supervisor rant at him , but he grinned knowing he would never be found . 
  here and there but nowhere . 
  with a pair of gold colored headphones that wrapped around his head like some weird halo , the newly ascended closed his eyes to enjoy his well deserved nap . 
  my mother is n't what i 'd call usual . 
  do n't get me wrong , she 's probably the most loving and caring mother there is out there , and i count my lucky stars that she was the one that sired me . 
  but definitively there is something off in her head . 
  small things like the hue of the kitchen at a certain hour of the day or the way a plotline on some mindless action movie worked would have her rant and make hour long monologues that i 'd have to sit through . 
  then , there were * those * other days in which she could get a bit unpredictable and voluble and i would have to either be there to help her or nope the fuck away . 
  i ca n't help thinking that this was one of the many reasons my dad decided to leave . 
  she was the kind of special not everyone can understand . 
  harmless but certainly not everyone 's cup of tea . 
  from what i gather from her many stories , i was sort of a ` happy ' mistake . 
  even now , i do n't really know how to feel about this revelation . 
  now , i know what you 're thinking : '' * cyrus , what does this have to do with your step-dad ? * ? '', 
  like i said , my mother is n't what i 'd consider a usual person , and when i first met jules i was n't even impressed . 
  if anything , i was underwhelmed : he was quiet , kept a lot of things to himself and would kind of skulk around the house like a cat , his eyes practically dissecting every sliver of the object he was focused on . 
  did i consider him weird ? 
  yup . 
  did i question my mother about him ? 
  not really , now that i think of it . 
  in a strange way , they completed each other . 
  peace had returned to the house and that 's really all i cared for . 
  i was already a senior in middle school and the least i wanted was some house drama . 
  jules 's first years with us were very strange : he was usually fidgeting something between his fingers - i had learned with sad consequences to keep my w40k figures away from him - ever in constant vigilance like some sort of fugitive . 
  when ever my mother noticed me getting concerned about his attitude , she would usually assure me with a gentle smile that he was just getting used to this place and he did n't mean badly . 
  `` he does n't like to talk to me about his past , you know ? '', 
  she told me one of those days i demanded some answers about two summers ago .
