  all i had was paint . 
  if i saved it in jpeg , it would have been * much * worse ... 
  they did * what * ?!, 
  \\* cocks gun *, 
  imma going to run over some idiots ... 
  i 'm mexican and i aprove this apropiation . 
  but what if i 'm a mexican eating tacos and watching saint seiya ? 
  do i need a japanese dude or am i excused for being poc or that crap, 
  + / u/dogetipbot 50 doge verify, 
  ah , my dear ... 
  i shall wait 3000 years if it 's needed , just to be with you ~ < 3, 
  hello . 
  very interested here . 
  i 'll shoot you a pm . 
  my toucan just exploded ... 
  i ca n't really tell if it 's photoshop or illustrator but , for these kind of things , illustrator is better . 
  \\* insert obligatory `` black outline '' comment here *, 
  i promised my so that the day texas would strike down the ban , i 'd go to her place and ask her hand in marriage . 
  i live in soca , for reference 's sake . 
  guess i need to start saving money ... once i get a job again = w = ; ; ;, 
  i made my dad pick a note 3 after his company asked what kind of phone he 'd like to get on this contract renewal . 
  he 's around 5 ' 9 '' , big hands . 
  his biggest complain is how big the phone is ( granted , his prior one was an iphone 4 so it 's understandabls ) but he 's getting used to it . 
  ~ ~ women ~ ~ womyn are n't the only ones who struggle with `` big '' phones/gadgets . 
  heck , i thought they 'd be happy given the bigger space to type-touch and what not : /, 
  oh , and if your photos come out blurry in your phone , maybe staying still , asking for help or getting a freaking tripod may help ya ... 
  i have an sg s4mini and i * love * it ( would have loved to get the note 3 but budget and what not ... ), 
  what do you mean by rooting it and installing a new rom ? 
  wow !, 
  you came just in time xd, 
  sending you a pm . 
  should we send a pm if interested or e-mail you guys ? 
  i 'm actually surprised this is viewable from mexico . 
  either they have it enabled or my border city is in some sort of void ... 
  salut de mexique : d, 
  bon !, 
  what 's a fiverr account ? 
  as a tijuanense , this just fucking depresses me . 
  it is worth to note that there are organizations that dedicate themselves to provide food , clothing and blanket to these people . 
  are there mexicans among them ? 
  yes and most ca n't return home since they have no id or papers for identification . 
  this makes them perfect target for our stupid police who likes to treat them like trash . 
  central/southern americans have it worse in that sense . 
  sometimes , there are so many people by the ` canalizaci\u00f3n ' that the police goes to retrieve some people and these people engage some sort of game where they walk to the american side of the channel and stay there until they leave . 
  of course , border patrol in the us migt go and do the same so they cross back to mexico and so on . 
  both governments have no fucks to give , both promote themselves as righteous on this matter but the truth is that both are full of shit . 
  these are people who lost their families , friends , legal jobs at times and just want some sort of resolution , head back home ... something . 
  there is a vice documentary about this situation . 
  and ... 
  i 'll shut up now ... 
  i think i went overboard with this . 
  tj citizen here . 
  indeed you know your stuff . 
  i will have to admit chipotle is really good , though it 's too big xd, 
  sometimes it 's good . 
  sometimes it 's bad . 
  i just eat what i need, 
  to be honest , i do n't know . 
  logic tells people that they could id them ( the mexicans at the very least ) but there might be other factors which make people not very keen to go and be id 'd . 
  think about this : if you leave the channel , there is a chance you can get caught and bullied by the police . 
  there is a chance you can loose what little you have on the river . 
  there must be more reasons but those are the ones that come to mind . 
  some might not even want to leave yet : they are so close to the states ... 
  confession time : after learning about the existence of titp , i have lost 5 kgs . 
  i 'm not in a diet , i kind of calculate my calorie intake without depriving myself of stuff and i run on a threadmill at least 3 times a week . 
  titp is my inspiration : thanks to them i 've learned the advantage of thin priviledge and i want some for myself ( not to mention it is for my health ... and perhaps to spite them quietly ), 
  gone from 16 to 12 , reaching 10 . 
  we can do it !, 
  but wait ... 
  i thought miyasaki 's latest movie was an * anti-war * flick, 
  i have yet to see it , though . 
  pfff , master race . 
  hey there !, 
  i 'm a long time lurker , first time subscribed here . 
  to be honest , it 's not my first time trying to loose weight . 
  heck , i 've been trying since 2006 with some little success . 
  managed to drop from size 16 to 12 but my weight keeps itself around 100 kilos in average . 
  i want to reach my ideal body weight ( i 'm 1.75 m so that would be 75 ? ), 
  but i simply do n't know what i 'm doing wrong . 
  i 'll admit i binge eat but it 's usualy fruits or non-microwave popcorn ( i love popcorn btw ) ; it is rare the day i go out to eat ( nowadays due to lack of financing as i was released from my job ) and i practically eat very little at home . 
  i started runing on a threadmill for at least 20 mins a day so ... yeah . 
  i suppse my biggest challenge is how i eat ? 
  i dunno , i have so many questions . 
  i 've tried diets , pills , juice regiments and it 's beem frustrating but ... 
  i want to reach that goal . 
  here 's hoping i can finally reach my goal : ), 
  i 'm tempted to challenge the users to an rp-standoff . 
  i would love to see their so original and poc inclusive characters ... 
  spiritomb is that you ? 
  i thought this was / r/ainbow ... not tumblr  : /, 
  * the following is just an honest opinion . 
  the opinion of da mangaka is not meant to be treated as absolute truth and discussion is encouraged . 
  i did n't like that 12 years a slave won as best movie . 
  it looks like an actually awesome and good movie but the way they granted the award seemed like a pc move there . 
  perhaps i was rooting for gravity too much due to the fact it was made by cuar\u00f3n who is mexican and `` wohoo !, 
  viva mexico cabrones ! '', 
  i have n't seen `` 12 years '' yet but considering how it pretty much swept the oscars , not giving it the best film oscar seemed kind of stupid . 
  ~ ~ then again , argo 's win last year was n't better either with all and michelle freaking obama being the one giving the award away ~ ~, 
  another highlights i like to point out ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) :, 
  * the mexican media is sure liking to point out cuar\u00f3n 's win tonight despite the fact that they are the # 1 shamers of mexican cinema .
