you do n't say . 
  first of all , i want to say `` omgit ` slarrykingomgomg '', 
  secondly , i want to give a belated thank you for visiting my city on that event two years ago . 
  if you need a hint , the city 's name is tijuana . 
  um . . right , as for my question . . what 's a typical morning for you ? 
  how early you wake up for that matter ? 
  what kind of ideas you have for your animation . 
  i might help you out : d, 
  for fish tacos in tijuana , tito 's in playas, 
  alright : ), 
  are we talking about the mexican elections again ? 
  because i 'm sure that 's kind of the stunts the pri does in here ( and sadly they fucking won . 
  i wo n't go on ranting on this ) . 
  i am just hoping the latino/hispanic/brownies / gueyes que viven en el otro lado are n't stupid enough to fall on what ever crap romney promises because so far i 've followed the presidential campaigns in the us and his is full of bullshit ; ; ;, 
  please burn him fire . 
  tickets at 2.50 ? 
  imagine the popcorn o ao ; ; ;, 
  this reminds me of my sister 's laptop and my anger at exactly this : she got a nice laptop to start her college and suddenly her ac connector died . 
  rather than going to buy her a new one my parents decided to buy her a flipping new laptop . 
  when my own laptop 's ac connector got snapped , i had to repair my own because it was `` too expensive '' to get a new one . 
  now if you excuse me , i 'll go break a wall with my fist . 
  true . 
  it 's just that i do n't have enough money to travel where she is to punch her personally . 
  dear goddesses , i am now blushing like mad o / / / w / / / o ; ; ;, 
  i can help : d, 
  graphic designer here . 
  what kind of edits you 're looking for ? 
  just basic clean up or something more elaborate ? 
  to be honest , i do n't really do so unless i use skirts or shirts : p, 
  we apparently change songs as the relationship progresses . 
  when we started it was `` unintended '' by muse . 
  now it 's `` madness '' by the same band xd ;, 
  this . 
  perhaps you can be a - bit - obvious in a subtle way . 
  tell her you want to send her old fashioned letters or something like that . 
  something simple that does n't reveal much of the master plan : p, 
  or that you just want to find her house on google maps xd ;, 
  just giving some info here ^ ^ / : in mexico you can marry in the following states : mexico city , sonora ( under civil union ) and quintana roo . 
  there are some extra special cases in which states marry lgtb regardless of them able or not to - like in oaxaca where a lesbian couple was married even though they are n't supposed to . 
  regardless of all , mexico has passed a ruling that all states must accept same-sex marriages ( and their benefits ) either done on other countries or in the states which are able to perform them . 
  does any of them have smart phones with skype compatibility ? 
  i do that with my girlfriend : when ever i have the chance and i 'm not on the comp , i turn on the skype and chat to her like on the computer . 
  if the phones have front cameras or skype on that phone supports it , they can chat via video . 
  this way neither have to stay put in a place and have more time . 
  it also depends if they have a data plan or a wi-fi around but it 's worth a shot : ) . 
  as a baja californian i ask : wtf is wrong with california ? 
  `` no , i will not fix that '' and then go back to playing my gameboy until i die . 
  nope . 
  we do n't have the custom of drinking from the tap ( as it 's `` filthy and you 'll die '' ) . 
  they buy gallons of water from the store . 
  i am closeted atm, 
  your comment : made out of gold . 
  i shall become rich ~ !, 
  which is odd because i sometimes think * i * am the `` basement dweller '' in my family ... 
  they do like to overprotect us but i usually shrug them away ( a la `` ugh !, 
  give me some fucking space guys ! '', 
  among other things ) . 
  my sister , however , likes to coil around them like a cat . 
  best of all , she gets new clothes almost every week . 
  in fact , before we went to visit her we bought her new clothes for the winter so she would n't freeze . 
  guess she wo n't need them . 
  right now , actually , i am now thankful they did n't baby me or were much more strict with me - to the point of even humiliating me without their knowing . 
  the problem here really is n't about my sister being babied or better treated , the thing is that it seems to affect her psychologically to the point she shows illness . 
  this is not the first time it happens even locally . 
  when ever she faces something new or a challenge she grows ill and vomits . 
  right now , since she 's very far away it makes my parents get insomniatic and all . 
  so more so here the issue is whether it 's just result of being babied or really a bad illness . 
  i forgot to mention : we are from tijuana , mexico . 
  she decided to go to puebla ( lovely town btw . 
  visit . 
  visit ! ), 
  and really , no . 
  she never expressed anything like that . 
  for all i know * i * am the one who has even ranted to wanting to go away from my parent 's grasp as young as 11 years old . 
  so . . hmm . 
  you shall now be my friend . 
  i command it . 
  to be honest , when she told us our first reaction was `` whaaaaaaaa ? '', 
  i thought it was peer pressure from her friends , but dad says it was she who started the whole `` let 's go to puebla , it 'll be fun '' . 
  so , i 'm really really lost, 
  the distance between tijuana and puebla is around 1,429 miles, 
  i 'll have to ask her once she gets home , or i 'll just sit back and listen to her weeping story when she tries to get comfort from mom and dad . 
  you 're now my 2nd favorite person in reddit . 
  thank you . 
  the sooner you book your flight , the better . 
  also , if you can , you might check some online travel agencies for a plane-hotel kind of deal . 
  but my first advice is to make reservations asap to save money . 
  i pretty much brushed her away and rolled my eyes in a `` oh mom , another rant again ? 
  why ? 
  i was just . 
  . . sleeping here . 
  why wo n't you stop ranting about random stuff '' way . 
  but really , my heart skipped for a moment . 
  but , once i get economically independent should i tell them ? 
  i have seen myself in dreams awkwardly giving them a wedding invitation just for them finding out my dearly beloved is a girl ... 
  when ever i ask my mom about this , she pretty much disses me off . 
  take that mysterious man in the sky . 
  mom and dad `` kind of '' found out and began to have questions exactly due the same : they found my old abandoned myspace and saw i was bi . 
  then i went to throw at them the typical `` hackers made me gay '' and they ( hopefully ) brushed it away . 
  but yeah , i was very scared too,
