  it all started in may when my younger sister had decided to go south of mexico to study a semester of college . 
  all was fine and we are actually - very - surprised by her choice because she is very attached to our parents . 
  they are happy and i am really proud that she finally gets to do something for herself . 
  not even 2 days after she arrived to her new school and city she began to throw up . 
  her friends spazzed and tried to do everything in their power to help and they managed to soothe her nerves . 
  sure , this is a normal scenario for people who suddenly find themselves away from home the first time . 
  a week later she decided to ditch 2 out of her 7 classes because `` it was too much '' for her . 
  ( let me make a note ; that 's just the basics here in mexico . 
  we 're not talking about the american courses that want you to tame an elephant . ), 
  we talked to her on skype every day to encourage , her friends were there to encourage her , but things broke down when we visited her just some weeks ago . 
  after we left , she began to vomit and get sick again . 
  dad decided to buy her a ticket home and she 's now happy . 
  after i confronted him saying that she should stay he noticed i was right ( as it was her decision in the first place ) and called her to say so . 
  cue on sister vomiting and feeling anxiety . 
  at the end , she 'll end up coming back . 
  i really do n't know what to do . 
  i am really frustrated and angry because back when i was younger , if i did something wrong i would be punished and nagged constantly about my faults . 
  when my sister does something , she gets punished too - but she can cry it out and everything is fine . 
  we end up doing things for her because whenever she feels a bit of stress or despair , she falls sick and vomits . 
  it has gotten to the point where it makes me thing on whether this is a real physiological / psychological problem or she just somehow uses it to move things as she pleases . 
  i wo n't go into a rant on how unfair it seems to me - since i once tried the same feat of student exchange but to canada and declined going due to the fact that i did n't feel prepared . 
  i seem to have brought shame to my house for that whole semester ... - but it very frustrating because it also takes the best out of my parents who really do n't have a fucking clue of what to do and have even taken her to the doctor many times . 
  so , i ask you magical box of reddit : what do i do in this situation ? 
  do i encourage her behavior ? 
  do i try and counter what my parents are allowing ? 
  at this point i am punching invisible walls ; any advice would be great . 
  ( proofread by girlfriend , / u/oracleofpigeons ), 
  edit 1 : we are from mexico . 
  more specifically tijuana . 
  so it 's a local exchange . 
  hello all , i 've had this issue bothering me for a long time , on whether to come out or not . 
  i am bisexual and i have a girlfriend . 
  background : both parents are catholic ; my mother is far more devoted than dad but they seem liberal on certain things . 
  however it comes to my attention that neither seems to be too hyped or happy about the whole gay thing . 
  it seemed they were mildly tolerant at best . 
  when mexico city legalized gay marriage and subsequently adoption , they had a frown . 
  on the first issue it was `` fine '' but the adoption thing was `` they should n't damage/bring on third parties into that sort of thing '', 
  my question is : should i out myself to my parents or should i keep it secret ? 
  i would also add `` should i let them find out '' ? 
  my mom kind of seems to feel it , what with her sitting me down once and talking about my sexual tendencies . 
  she says how i should n't let the internet influence me with things like that ( as if the internet suddenly turns people gay . 
  well , sometimes ... when you leave your facebook open , for example . ), 
  ( edited by lovely girlfriend / u/oracleofpigeons ), 
  ps : while i do consider myself bi , i sometimes think i 'm more of a pansexual . 
  how do you know ? 
  ( sounds stupid , i know but , i wanted to include this really quickly before i throw another thread ) . 
  i will try not to be too long on this . 
  think for a moment about this : regardless of how pointless or worthless that chunk of land called the vatican is , it is still an official state , worthy enough to at least have some pseudo recognition on the un . 
  as with any state , they have their laws , security/militia , economy and etc. 
  let 's begin to break up some things in here starting with the laws : the vatican city is a monarchic state ruled by the pope whose doctrine or main law is the one of the bible . 
  the laws enacted by the vatican are called dogmas which the normal peasantfolk can not deny or wonder about because that 's the law of god regardless of how stupid or contradicting it is . 
  an example is how the vatican still continues to say that it 's bad to use condoms but it 's a-ok to have millions of children starving in africa because they reproduce too fast and what ever . 
  gay marriage is wrong but the pope can marry a divorced woman with a president-to-be . 
  these laws affect those who follow the roman catholic branch of christianity and thus one can consider them proxy vatican state citizens . 
  fortunately , many countries are detaching themselves from these sort of dogmas and asking themselves more about stuff but , think about it . 
  the vatican more than a religious representative on earth ( and a rich one ) hold a political power . 
  it 's a theocracy and it 's leader is the pope . 
  if people viewed it in this way , perhaps they 'd notice more things like `` what happens to my weekly donation on that basket they pass me every sunday at church ? '' . 
  the orthodox church in russia works exactly the same and perhaps is much more linked to it 's political structure than anything and let 's not begin with the saudis an the sharia laws . 
  what do you think about it ? 
  i suppose this is me again with random questions to discover more about myself . 
  it all began with a small talk with my girlfriend in which she told me that she feels me at times more masculine . 
  i kind of took it rather prideful but then along came the thoughts on the matter . 
  ever since i can remember , i have always wanted to be a boy , i acted like a boy and tended to do boyish things . 
  however , i still enjoyed skirts and wished to be a princess ( then again more like a xena kind of princess ; ; ; ), 
  after some introspection , i realized that sometimes i feel kind of like those cheesy japanese cartoons where a guy becomes or switches body to become a girl and rather than freaking out pretty much enjoys it ( boobs !, 
  yay ! ) . 
  i do sometimes try to dress as boyish as i can but my parents ( specially dad , who i look a lot like ) freak out and plea to me to look like a normal girl , but if i could , i would totally crossdress . 
  it 's one of my fantasies to live a day like a boy . 
  after my first question here , i have determined myself as pansexual , which means that i do n't care about sex when it comes to find my mate , but when it comes to defining my own gender it can be rather odd . 
  i am happy with the `` advantages '' ( as my maleish feeling tells me ) of being a girl and do n't think i will transition or anything , but that 's how it goes . 
  tl ; dr - read question on title . 
  pretty much sums it . 
  apparently , the stars , heaven or what ever you want to call it had made it possible to force me coming out . 
  but it did n't went that well . 
  granted , i kind of saw it coming but it made me sad it went in this way . 
  if you want more background about my feelings and insecurities of coming out , [ check this thread ] ( http://reddit.com/r/ainbow/comments/10hu25/torn_between_coming_out_or_just_never_telling/ `` it was actually one of my first posts here :p '' ) . 
  so today my mom and i went to take some breakfast and we talked about a lot of things . 
  among them religion ( and just for starters , i am kind of a frequent in r/atheism too ) . 
  suddenly , i began to tell examples about how outdated the examples in the book are and how people take it too literally , using it to oppress groups like women , afro-american and of course gay . 
  my mom poked at me more asking why was i so supportive of these groups ( and that she was friends of some but she really did n't understand all that ) . 
  i participate in other kind of protest/march groups ( occupyx , yosoy132 here in mexico and others that i feel go with my feelings on the situations around here , etc ) and i do obviously support gay rights . 
  so she kept poking , noting how i called a girl `` love '' and how odd it was when she read my skype convos ( the hell ? ) . 
  in the end , i was cornered and i told her . 
  perhaps she kind of did n't want it to be but i told her not only that , but that i did n't give a fuck about genders when it came to what i like ( after all , i am pansexual ) . 
  she could n't understand it and began to blame on me being too much on the internet ( pointing out how people are more easy to be pulled into cults ) and also how since i liked sailor moon too much i could have gotten the idea there from the sailor star lights ( for those who do n't know , in the anime they are guys that when they transform they become girls ... which tbh found it cool even there ) . 
  i tried to explain and she told me that how was i even able to talk about marriage ( more ` the fuck ' ? ), 
  and told me what an odd * choice * it was for me to pick and that i was confused . 
  in the end , i came up with a big explanation about my life , my goals , how i plan things and how my preferences on that matter did n't interfere . 
  the last we talked about this was on a phone call where she told me that while she loved me , she did n't accept this part of me and that i should n't even dare to flaunt it ( also something about no rainbows ... huh ) . 
  sooooooooooo . 
  . yeah . 
  dad does n't know . 
  hopefully mom has n't said anything to him . 
  ** tl ; dr ** : came out to my mom today , mom did n't flip out but says that it 's a wrong * choice * and will not accept this rebellious wronged behavior of mine . 
  there 's a tournament in a game store , my first since forever . 
  i am * very * excited about all of this !, 
  i am spinning in my chair out of joy . 
  there 's a catch though : the team can only be poison types . 
  my only experience with poisons are gengar and crobat but that will leave me with 4 spots open .
