  * what ?!, 
  * like the billy jean song ? 
  that sucks  : | ( the situation , not the song ), 
  that is another possibility too and an entirely plausible case he may or his father may have encountered . 
  i could share one of my all time favorite lps for aa but it 's in spanish . 
  he 's rather famous on regards to his aa lps/dubs and in fact i like him so much that i hear his voice acting on the character 's beeps . 
  once i get home i 'll link you his channel since i ca n't actually access youtube from work . 
  if you want to look him up in the meantime , he goes by rangugamer . 
  miles/franziska is something i do n't think i can really follow or understand . 
  they are technically brothers even if they are not blood related and that kind of rattles me a bit . 
  ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !, 
  this is where i met a lot of my friends . 
  it really changed my life in a 360 flip . 
  i 'm going to be sad when the site eventually goes to die , but i 'll keep the memories and the rp ideas i created from there . 
  speaking about rps ... 
  i should probably resume rescuing that long ass 500 page rp we never got to finish about 10 years ago . 
  it 'll become relevant in some 20 years from now , mark my words . 
  i hope i made it in time !, 
  it said 8:00 pst and well , here i am . 
  first , i want to thank you for making science cool . 
  your show was fantastic and is one of the many things i treasure from my childhood along with the magic schoolbus . 
  now for the rather odd question :, 
  if one were to host a tournament where all the elements of the periodic table would fight to the end , who would come out victorious ? 
  on a more serious one , how can one give their support regarding climate change ? 
  i know there 's the whole stuff of the 3 rs and what not , but how can we engage in doing an actual change for the best on this regard ? 
  how can we teach the future generations to avoid what we are doing ? 
  and so , the legendary brown sofa shall be sold like pieces from the berlin wall . 
  only that it 'll probably be burnt and not at all made out of sofa probably . 
  and there it is !, 
  my new favorite wallpaper . 
  thanks to everyone who has removed the text < 3, 
  careful : your family may have tried to smuggle glados in her potato form . 
  you can never be sure : p, 
  what some friends do is to buy just the rim in the us and get the rx in tj . 
  there is a bit more of variety online too , so you can mix and match as you like / see best . 
  i 'm disappointed that this is n't here anywhere . 
  bridget , of course . 
  do you happen to know what it does ? 
  guardians of the galaxy 2 + league of legends, 
  ... actually , given their interactions in this movie , it makes total sense . 
  rocket is jungle , drax is top , quill is mid and groot is sup . 
  i do n't know if yondu is a better adc than gamora . 
  i 'm thinking too much about this ... 
  forgive me for the super long post but , if there 's something i love is promoting my city to newcomers : d, 
   as long as i am not an idiot should i be safe ? 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  it is true that the city is going a bit of a violence flare but those are usually within criminal groups . 
  as long as you do n't meddle or do anything that makes you an obvious target , you should be fine . 
   is a hotel a good idea or bad idea ? 
  price range for a decent place ? 
  there are various types of hotels around here , going from the fancy ones at rio to the one nighters ( * you should know which kind of one-nighters i 'm talking about . . * ) , but if you live in the sd area , i would recommend you to head back to your home , rest and come back . 
   taxi or uber for transportation ? 
  we do not have taxis . 
  nope . 
  just uber . 
  what ? 
  that yellow cab there ? 
  that 's just a yellow turist scammer on wheels . 
  the white one that says `` libre '' ? 
  oh , those are fairly useless if you do n't know your way . 
  stick to uber , you 'll be fine . 
  just be sure to follow the instructions/recommendations on the app as to where to hail . 
   should i check out rosarito too ? 
  yes , but depends on how much time you have . 
  take notice that it 's about 1 to 2 hours from the border to reach rosarito and you may lose some nice places in tj . 
  i 'd recommend another full weekend to visit * rosaro * . 
   any cool places i should check out ? 
  disclaimer : i do n't go party too much . 
  depending on what you want to see , there are many cultural landmarks in tj . 
  most prominently is cecut in zona rio ( it 's * la bola * or the ball due to it 's obvious shape ) . 
  there is a wax museum in downtown a the ` house of culture ' , also in downtown . 
  when it comes to party places um ... that 's kind of where i 'm at lost . 
  i 'm mostly a homey person . 
  do not fear though !, 
  because most of these places close like at 12 am / 1am . 
  as far the stereotype goes about places to party , there is the plaza del zapato ( aka , plaza fiesta ) where you can check a bunch of pubs . 
  there are some more artisan pubs and breweries in downtown which have been mentioned already in the comments ( one of them being el mamut ) . 
  you can chill down in plaza rio or eat fancy in plaza chapultepec or galer\u00edas , but my recommendation of a good mexican food restaurant is `` el mexicano '' just around cacho ... or a taco stand . 
  if you want to feel more at ` home ' , playas de tijuana is your place to go . 
  and they have really nice places to eat and sightsee , aside from the beach and the border . 
   how should i cross the border ? 
  driving or walking ? 
  that 's kind of a trick question . 
  first off : do you have sentri ? 
  if you do , cross by car . 
  if you do * not * have sentri , what i often do with my friends is that i make them cross the * otay * border crossing . 
  less people , smoother crossing . 
  just walk up , grab the 905 bus ( which is really the only one that makes that stop there ) and that 'll drop you iris avenue trolley station . 
  granted , if you do it by night , then otay may not be a good idea given that the buses stop like at 11 . 
  unless you want to uber yourself back from there . 
  also , in san ysidro there are * two * pedestrian crossing points : the ` old ' one ( the one everyone goes ) and a new one called `` el chaparral '' . 
  that one seems to be less known and thus have a bit less of people . 
  you do have to walk a bit more to go to el chaparral * and * you need to pick a bus or walk 15 minutes to the nearest trolley station but , hey , seems a bit better than waiting * 4 hours * at a given time . 
   also could someone explain the border crossing procedure ? 
  not exactly sure if it applies to you ( if you are a us citizen ) but technically you do the following :, 
  - crossing to mexico -, 
  * make sure you have the documentation required to return to the united states after your visit to tjuana, 
  * follow the signs to exit the united states . 
  * exit the united states, 
  * welcome to mexico : d,
