  yup . 
  that 's where i live : d, 
  i only have a us address for shipping due to convenience ( mexican mail takes forever to arrive ... ), 
  that . 
  . . never really worked . 
  i had perfect scores for my n64 for a year . 
  i got a barbie doll t _ t ;, 
  to be honest , according to my sis , it 's been roaming around for at least a month . 
  when i hear a kitten mewl , it just makes me feel so tender but sad when i see them in the conditions they are . 
  i 've seen feral adult cats but i know they can survive on their own . 
  they kind of become a species on their own and can be hard to reintroduce home . 
  but a kitten . 
  a little kitten that just comes to you and mewls and begs for food . 
  . it breaks my heart . 
  i might even take it to the vet on friday to have a check-up and cleaning . 
  i want to make it feel better even if i ca n't keep it . 
  i am ** so ** printing that out . 
  i 'm currently trying to lower my cholesterol and triglycerides . 
  and guess what else having a cat does ... 
  can i cross the cat to san diego that easily ? 
  i would think that the migra/border patrol will pretty much stop me without papers * for the cat * . 
  i 'll try that on saturday then . 
  any good shelters you can recommend me in case i do n't find any in tijuana ? 
  ; ; v ; ; i have this whole week to hold on to it . 
  if not , we 'll have to meet over there . 
  . explaining football to space pirates . 
  do they even have that on zebes ? 
  [ ... ] look , it 's not that hard to understand , even though my sisters wo n't get my fascination for sports in overall . 
  let me just get some things out of the way : depending on the geographical part of the world , football ( or f\u00fatbol as the spanish speakers call i - yes , it 's another language . 
  not all of us are stuck talking ` basic ' ) is a sport which has you running behind a ball , moving it with skillful kicks and heading towards a goal . 
  seems simple enough , except that there are guys trying to take away your ball to kick it inside their * own * goal field . 
  what 's a goal field ? 
  well , it 's more like a big box that is - . 
  i know : imagine you guys are football players . 
  your mission is to move a ball with your feet only into a receiving area but you have the federation as opponents ( and they chase you too ) and the hunter ( ess ? ), 
  as goalie . 
  a goalie is your last opponent before putting the ball in , since it wo n't allow anything in the area . 
  there are rules to follow and if you do n't , you get a warning ( with a yellow card ) or are expelled from the field ( a red card ) . 
  who ever kicks more balls inside the goal wins . 
  there are other rules but that 's technically football . 
  if you came from the united states , though , football is played * differently * . 
  you might even like this version better : you work as a team to move the ball into the other 's goal area . 
  there is no goalie , but instead people will come and * ram * at you to stop from moving . 
  it 's a battle field of epic proportions where there is a lead who gives indications , a pointguard to move the ball and the rest remain holding your enemy still before they get the best of you . 
  thing is , you have * 4 chances * to move the ball from one area towards the goal , and if you ca n't , you loose the ball . 
  you use your * hands * too , so that 's that also . 
  i 'm not sure why they call it football still but it does n't matter . 
  it 's fun . 
  you know , i 'm pretty sure you could make an awesome football team if well trained . 
  * marshal hyung young soo has a lot of explaining to do . 
  i have acquired recent information on regards to an interesting webpage the west uses to acquire information . 
  the name of it is ` reddit ', 
  i have yet to understand the meaning of the phrase but nonetheless it is one of the most important informal sites on the internet . 
  they seem to speak sorely english , as i noticed how a hub of our own nation - in the form of / r/pyongyang - existed only in such language . 
  do not worry , though , for they are foreigners truly interested in our country 's best interests . 
  they seem fascinated - and with a good reason - about the ideal your grandfather and father had . 
  they even follow our custom of placing your image and that of your predecessors to guard and guide them in their journey in juche ideal . 
  that is , however , the only hub worth to watch . 
  the rest seem to be more interested in cats and people doing stupid things . 
  they ask strange questions such as what should n't we give importance to ? , what kinds of bad actions they did in the past and so on . 
  from what i read , it only confirms that these westerners are far too corrupted for our own people to understand and for them to enter into our glorious nation . 
  other hubs include glorifying the lack of god - which would be good if the content was n't terribly repetitive or unoriginal , learning about the happenings of the world - which are , as obviously predicted , terrible actions from an uncontrolled civilization without a proper leadership like yours , asking questions to people about them - which most of the time go unanswered , a proof of their lies and deceit - and photos of small animals which are cute but seem to be existing only for the purpose of something they call karma . 
  it is not the hindi kind of karma , mind you , it seems to be a way to rank up in the files of the webpage . 
  ridiculous if you ask me given that such things do not give anything in return to their own country , yet they are eager to rake it . 
  people will go as far as to create false content or manipulations just for the sole sake of karma . 
  yes , it seems to work like money on that sense which is why it should probably be rationed and controlled . 
  perhaps it can reduce the amount of stupid content - if plausible . 
  my rate for this , in overall , is that it is informative on what the west thinks is amusing but it really only is redundant for i am sure you and i know that in their decadent society even a person falling from the stairs is funny to them . 
  they are like brainless children hoping to get recognition for every simple comment or post they do on the site , increasing the greatness of their vacant ego by hoping people will follow with their ` karma trains ' and press the orange button as much as possible . 
  in other words , another useless western invention . 
  now , if you excuse me , i must spy on my southern brother . 
  im young soo did n't knew whether to crack a smile , be worried or act nervously . 
  the tape player he threw over the border nearly 15 years ago seemed childish to his latest attempt of giving him a portable satellite hub for his elder brother to enjoy the internet freely - courtesy of sweden . 
  a small window popped up one day as he was participating on a rush which lowered his apm to 100 and inevitably had to comment to his companions the news . 
  madeinkorea  i got a mail from my brother o.o, 
  a55aul7killa  brother ? 
  183254  \ud765 let 's finish the rush first . 
  he left his group to read the message which just brought him to shock . 
  he was on some english based site - reddit , it was called - and it had one small link attached to the message `` i wonder if you can explain me this . '', 
  soo young clicked the link and wished he did n't do so , spitting his drink along the way . 
  the pictures ... god , what was wrong with these people ? 
  `` they told me to go there . 
  i do n't understand the joke . 
  americans are sick bastards . '', 
  the korean made a mental note to call alfred in the morning . 
  meanwhile , he began his quest to try to understand that what / r/spacedicks offered . 
  just what in the name of . 
  ^ edit : cleaning up the text a bit . 
  there 's a flood in san antonio ?!, 
  my so lives there and has told me there has been a lot of thunder storms going on . 
  in what area of s.a are you and how bad is it over there  , 
  i wonder if portal guns will follow ... 
  what 's the point of it ? 
  i tried : /, 
  we * do * have * many * ways to call you but all in spanish . 
  i suppose that until we find a better term in english . 
  and now , it 's going backwards while the us is progressing . 
  i guess there 's that . 
  yes and no . 
  it depends on the context .
