  if acquiring a name allows me to become better connected to my people and thus stronger , that should be my next goal . 
  warmia mentioned that i must first ask the bishop of my city for a permit to head there . 
  most likely i would need to have poland 's agreement as well . 
  god be my guide so that i can become blessed and ascend quickly for the sake of my people . 
  * februarius 20 1438 *, 
  i 'm cold , i 'm lost and this may well be my last entry if i can not find a way back . 
  my plan to head to the papal states on my own was perhaps too perfect . 
  nobody knows where i am . 
  i 'm not sure if they care enough to want to search for me . 
  i apologize for the bad writing and the poor attempt at your language . 
  i also apologize for doing something rash again . 
  as last time , i could n't contain it . 
  i wanted to attempt something on my own once i realize poland would not listen nor do anything to help my case . 
  my plan was to head to the papal states so i can get this rite , one that is given to our kind and helps ascend and become stronger . 
  warmia had told me something about a communion with our people and god but i 'm so cold i can only focus on her smiles and hugs . 
  i wish she could pick me up and pass some of that warmth . 
  since you and poland have a human name , i suppose you also went through that . 
  my hands feel too numb but i am afraid to stop or else they may too get frozen . 
  if i am to die again i think ice is more benevolent than fire . 
  i 'm sorry lietuva , i tried . 
  i wanted to be a sa\u011da gvidilo like you . 
  i know it 's an archaic term for nationvolk but i wanted to, 
  gilbert found me . 
  from what he could tell me between jeers and chides , he found me just in time before i expired , slumped on the tree i had stopped by to write my final entry . 
  he called me stupid , among other names , for attempting to go on my own without any sort of guide or preparation . 
  `` you do know suicide is punishable under the eyes of god '' he told me , smirking at me . 
  i can barely remember the days after i fell prey of the cold . 
  i remember clutching my quill and trying feebly to write something else on my journal before the darkness taking over my consciousness . 
  there was fire somewhere close , the scent of smoke bringing buried memories of that final crusade against my people 200 years ago . 
  it brought back the sensation of being lost in the vastness of the everything , a vulnerable yet blissful state where despite knowing that the end was close i could only allow it to embrace me and pass on . 
  the next sensation i could remember was of a cloth wrapped around me , shielding me from the cold . 
  i opened my eyes and in front of me laid the teutonic knight gazing at me with his red eyes . 
  i tried to move away but my body betrayed me , still too weak to do anything . 
  gilbert grunted and sat me upright to have a better look at me . 
  as i looked at the surroundings , i noticed a small fireplace that laid not too far with some sort of pot laying on top , covered with his shield . 
  when he noticed my distress he hushed me , reaching out to grab a cup with what i can only guess was badly made stew . 
  `` eat . '', 
  he commanded , but it his command was unlike the ones he had given me before . 
  it was more stern than anything , with perhaps a small hint of concern . 
  i tried to turn my head away but he used his hand to stop me . 
  `` i 'm not going to kill you , you 've done enough yourself . 
  eat . '', 
  he insisted as he approached the cup . 
  the odor was not welcoming but the warmth from the concoction inclined me to accept in the end . 
  i opened my mouth , feeling my body shudder , and allowed the knight to feed me . 
  when his offering became too much for me , i 'd pull back and he would stop . 
  he gave me at least 3 cups before i felt warm and full , stopping half-way on the last one . 
  `` rest . '', 
  he said , standing up . 
  `` we 're leaving in the morning . '', 
  and so i fell asleep again . 
  it does n't take a decade to understand that being too long under the blanket of winter is a foolish idea , least you be too weak to walk onto it 's path . 
  yet there i was , barely awake a day later , walking along with gilbert . 
  i held the cloth that had cocooned me during the night close to me , seeing the man in front of me brave the freezing wind that felt like daggers on my cheeks and throat . 
  occasionally he would stop on his tracks and look towards my direction , approaching and crouching down to remove some of the snow and if i was still aware . 
  `` keep going . '', 
  he told me on one of those occasions . 
  `` the camp is n't too far out . '', 
  until that moment , i had never seen him so serious or focused . 
  most of the time , there was a degree of contempt and jest , pondering on what humiliating or degrading task he could come up with . 
  there was a degree of security in my coming from his words and from his stance . 
  i believed him without question even though i felt terrified . 
  after a walk that seemed to last an eternity , covered by the shadows of the night , we arrived at the campsite . 
  i can only remember few things from it , for the moment i set foot inside it 's domains my the weakness of my body had returned and thus i felt myself falling to the snow once more . 
  the storm ceased last night . 
  the troupe gilbert had brought along had become prisoners of the tempest as well and only until now they are able to advance forward . 
  `` i felt your presence . '', 
  he told me when i asked him how he could find me . 
  `` you are still bound by me regardless of what polen says , thus i am able to detect your core if you happen to be nearby . '', 
  `` what are you doing here anyways ? '', 
  i asked . 
  `` that is none of your business . '', 
  gilbert proceed to toss the journal at my lap . 
  i had almost forgotten about it . 
  `` i 'm surprised about your tenacity , '' the knight chuckled . 
  `` best not let it go carelessly under the snow . '', 
  some of my writing got smudged but it 's still readable . 
  from the looks of it , somebody had opened it to let it try . 
  probably by the fire or just inside the tent . 
  i 'm staying at his tent on this last day on the camp . 
  he says that he wants to keep a close watch on me so i do n't try to do anything rash . 
  i 'll have to see if i have some of that luck on my side for tomorrow 's quest . 
  today i helped the knights undo their tents in preparation for their travels towards the west . 
  i was n't told to participate , but past experiences bring back memories of consequences from slacking off . 
  after all , enemy or not , gilbert had not only nursed me back to life but also given me a new quill and ink . 
  `` this one does n't freeze that easily . '', 
  he told me as he shook the small vial . 
  `` you really were not prepared at all for this , were you ? '', 
  after we were done packing most of the bulky items , i approached the albino who was at that moment talking with another of his men . 
  i waited at a distance patiently , rubbing my hands to keep them warm . 
  `` what do you need , samland ? '', 
  he approached me with a furrow , crossing his arms . 
  `` we are busy , ca n't you see that ? '', 
  i puffed my chest and asked him where the papal states were . 
  he jerked his head back in surprise , staring at me in silence . 
  before he could answer , i explained my reason behind this whole adventure : warmia 's explanation about the ` sacred rites ' , how i needed the blessing from the papal states and how i could only obtain such blessing once poland meditated on the matter . 
  my voice increased in volume as did in frustration as i continued detailing how i had waited at least 5 years for an answer but it was always brushed away casually with the understanding that only when it was the ` right time ' i would be allowed that privilege . 
  gilbert listened without interrupting - surprisingly - but it was becoming apparent how little patience he had left for my story . 
  once that was extinguished , he lifted a hand at my face . 
  `` you * honestly * expected to arrive to the papal states on your own ?
