  unprepared ? 
  in the middle of the winter ? '', 
  `` what choice did i have ?! '', 
  my frustration turned into anger , burning in my stomach . 
  `` it was obvious he would n't grant me that rite , regardless of how much i did . 
  if i were to leave at another time , it would have been much easier for me to be stopped . '', 
  `` and do you * know * what would have happened if i had n't found you , dummkopf ? '', 
  with a quick swing , he grabbed me by the shoulder and brought me closer towards him . 
  with the other hand , he began to harshly rub his knuckles onto my skull . 
  i could only squint my eyes shut . 
  `` do you * know * what happens to us when we die ? 
  allow me to explain you in detail . '', 
  he then proceeded to explain that when a nationvolk died , all that really happens is that our * physical bodies * expire . 
  our spirit , bound to our core , would be recalled by our assigned capital city where it would rest before it could bring our physical existence back to life . 
  our covenant with our people and god allowed this to happen and it would continue happen so long as our people remain safe and we act accordingly to god 's will . 
  it is for this specific reason that we protect these places fiercely for if taken over , their life was truly at risk . 
  once he finished , he lifted my face upwards so i could see his grin . 
  `` where does your heart lie , samland ? '', 
  he asked as he pressed my jaw with his fingers . 
  i told him as best as i could that my heart - a colloquial term we refer to our capital - laid in konigsberg and that he should be aware of this . 
  his grin grew toothier . 
  `` do you know how far you are from it ? '', 
  gilbert began to laugh and explain that if i would have indeed died , i would have awoken not in his tent but in my own castle . 
  `` your whole journey would have been pointless . '', 
  he finished , letting me go . 
  `` and you would be back at polen 's mercy . '', 
  i looked away from him , my chest being carved with the frustration that crept from my stomach and wanted to go out in some way . 
  i held my arms together tightly over it as some sort of seal . 
  gilbert knocked at the top of my head , this time gently . 
  i did n't turn my head towards him but i saw him from the corner of my eyes . 
  `` you 're in luck though , really lucky considering i was there to get you out of your own mistake . 
  i was actually on my way to rome when this storm caught us by surprise . 
  if you really want to continue with that journey , i will not stop you . 
  clearly , though , you are better off with somebody who knows their way around . '', 
  he extended his hand at me with a proud smile . 
  the stance was so eerily familiar from that time he offered that truce that bound my core to his , and thus allowed my people to become ruled by him . 
  his growth had partially been thanks to my conquest and the conquest of my other prussian siblings . 
  `` will you tell poland about this ? '', 
  i asked , glaring at him . 
  he chuckled . 
  `` believe me child , the one who least needs to know about our little trip is him . 
  you have my word as a nationvolk and knight , god be my witness . '', 
  pausing to think for a moment , i really did n't see any other alternative , not one that was in my grasp or could come sooner . 
  i shook my hand firmly . 
  the pact was done . 
  i can only thank god that winter has long been forgotten and that the warmth of the sun is no longer a rarity among us . 
  it is much more common to see flowers on the fields than shriveled grass . 
  gilbert looks pleased with the change of season , often spending time out of his quarters to sight-see and write his memories . 
  i 've occasionally noticed him placing some of the shrubs or flowers inside his notes . 
  i might as well try to do that as well . 
  today i was informed - aside from my many duties as i continue this journey with him - that we would take some time to visit ` familiar ' territory before we head south . 
  he said something about feeling disconnected and asked his men if they too hoped to see their homes again . 
  i was confused and i still am : for the longest of time , i had thought of gilbert as some strange entity that could somehow defy nature and exist solely on the whim of his people . 
  toris ' teachings came to mind regarding the necessary ingredients that you needed to be one of us : a group of people that aligned to your cause and whom you 'd take responsibility of ( much like a duke ) , a territory you can lay on and the * anima * that came from it . 
  these 3 would be the basis of our ` cores ' or ' * koro * ' as we nationvolk call it . 
  the existence or the thought of a landless nationvolk puzzled me from the first time . 
  is it possible the teutonic knights was just a fancy moniker he had decided to take for the sake of sounding more important ? 
  i 'm happy to see that the journal is solid enough for it to be thrown across a distance and survive with minor scrapings . 
  perhaps i should not be surprised that the man that dragged me to the floor 2 days ago for dropping the chest plate from his armor and causing it to get `` scratched '' is capable of inflating his ego in such manner . 
  but what is the point of it ? 
  i suppose it did fool me into believing that he was indeed some roaming agent free of earthly bindings and i hope other people fell also into such petty trap . 
  i suppose i can also chose what i want to be called : i 've heard the teutons refer to my central region as k\u00f6nigsberg instead of twangste . 
  being called a king is fair game at this point . 
  i 'll try it tomorrow when his mood looks good . 
  it is perhaps the first time i had seen gilbert so happy . 
  he practically jumped off his horse and planted his feet firmly onto the ground . 
  a small bow and then a deep breath . 
  his companions seemed to also be relieved but nothing could be compared to the happiness and enthusiasm i had seen on the knight who was grinning widely . 
  it took me even by surprised how eager he was , picking me from the horse i shared with him and spinning me around like some sack of flour . 
  `` we made it ! '', 
  he celebrated . 
  i feared he would toss me to the sky . 
  `` oh , it feels so good being home after so long ! '', 
  lost in his happiness , he gave me a tight hug and let me slip down to the floor . 
  the next thing i knew was him hurriedly walking to the town square as i incorporated . 
  otto , gilbert 's burly guardsman was kind enough to remind me that i had stuff to unpack and to put said things on the ground for me to pick up . 
  as i carried my assigned load , i tried to see as much of the place we had arrived : we were definitively no longer in poland 's grasp , and the people would stare at me curiously . 
  none of them felt familiar and it made me feel a bit uneasy . 
  on the gates leading to the largest building in town - which should have been an obvious indicator - was gilbert , leaning onto it with his arms crossed and a cocky smile . 
  off were his armor and chain mail , replaced with something much fresher . 
  he told the gatekeepers to open the doors wider , letting us pass . 
  as we did , he took some steps in front of me to halt my way . 
  `` that will be all for you , runt '' he told me , pushing my head down with his hand . 
  `` leave the rest to my men . '', 
  i left the sac that held part of the tent we used and sighed in relief . 
  giving two steps back , i made sure to be at a certain distance in case he had other news for me . 
  but such did n't come and he just turned away . 
  `` is that all ? '', 
  i asked with some disbelief . 
  `` were you not to take me to rome ? '', 
  `` rome ? '', 
  gilbert turned and scoffed . 
  `` yes . 
  i * did * tell you that i was heading there , but that will come once i have plenty of rest . '', 
  i ca n't remember really what he said afterward . 
  as far as i can recall , i felt my ears feeling rather hot and my mouth spewing each possible curse i could find in my language . 
  the happiness gilbert could have had vanished quickly and he positioned himself in a way i could only assume was to kick me away , only to be halted by the sound of a messenger 's trumpet . 
  we both turned towards the sound and in front of us there were a group of elegantly dressed men , one of them holding a banner that i had once seen on a map a long time ago . 
  one of the kingdoms on the south , if i recall well . 
  gilbert corrected his posture and pushed me to a side as he moved towards the newly arrived .
