  that filthy german idiot whose idea of greatness had driven him to the hell he was now . 
  a fitting punishment for an idiot who dared to call himself a nation , who was greedy enough to drive his own people to -, 
  ' * that was wrust-head 's fault , you fool !, 
  * ' his consciousness screamed . 
  flashes and images came flooding into his mind , making him loose balance and fall on his buttocks , grunting and feeling lightheaded . 
  . g-gilbert ? '', 
  kaliningrad asked , trying to clear out his mind . 
  gilbert wieldemich , the human who represented the extinct nation of prussia , the one who was blamed as the cause of all the madness of his world , his mind , and his job was to keep him at bay , along with his people . 
  it was n't infrequently that kaliningrad had to punish him so brutally for trying to cross the berlin wall to visit his brother . 
  after all , so many had died there too , tempting their fates , hoping for something better . 
  but no , they were too stupid to attempt something like that . 
  nobody could cross such an imposing structure ; he was an expert on building them as such , walls to shield , walls to separate . 
  they were the same to him . 
  ' * nobody can go in or out from my city without me knowing it , that 's how good the forts around it are !, 
  s-stop it . 
  he grabbed his head , an obnoxious proud laugh filling his thoughts , in a voice that was so familiar to him , and yet so alien . 
  his own voice , in a cheery demeanor he had not been able to express in 4 decades . '', 
  w-why ? 
  who ? '', 
  who ? 
  litva almost asked aloud , before changing his mind . 
  no ... too much knowledge too fast would only harm him , would n't it ? 
  instead he scooted over to kalin 's side , cautious still ... ever cautious ... before hugging the soldier carefully , pulling him so that his head rested on his own shoulder . 
  oh ... he would probably be punished later , litva knew that ; neither of the russian brothers liked admitting that they needed comforting or care of any kind from anyone . 
  but if he had learned anything from the past deca - ... no , centuries of living in the russian household , it was that a little comfort went a long way . 
  ... for both his own brothers ... 
  ... and ivan ... 
  ... and now possibly kalin ... 
  so , for now he sat there , petting kalin 's hair as he did so often for vanya , singing a lullaby to calm him and his mind ( and , if litva was completely honest , himself as well ) down . 
  in the soldier 's mind a distant and different lullaby came by . 
  the sound of clair de lune , reminding him of roderich . 
  he hated austria , but why ? 
  elizabetha , that bitch . 
  his hatred for her was bigger . 
  but why ? 
  kaliningrad 's mind went back to the lullaby sung by the other man , one he recognized as one sung to him as child . 
  a very , very small child . 
  his usually cold and demanding voice , emotionless , detached , began to break . 
  kaliningrad was surprised at his own change of tone , much more humane even , instead of a drone obeying , always obeying . 
  his cheeks felt wet . 
  his liet , the one who was close to him when things went a bit astray . 
  even in those times . 
  w-who . 
  am i ? '', 
  the question escaped his subconscious mind , introducing itself into his mouth , expelled in a quiet breath . 
  w-who is the one in these books i can read somehow . 
  it had been such a long fall , and he was just falling further more . 
  augustus 19 , 1415, 
  a couple of days ago , gilbert threw this book on my lap while i was taking a rest on the corridor of our current home . 
  when i asked about it , he faced me with a hit of annoyance in his face and instructed me to use it to write my daily occurrences . 
  he then used my astonishment and confusion to walk away and escape into his chambers . 
  i picked the book as soon as i was able to react and had the firm intention of throwing it from the first opening i could find . 
  unfortunately for me , i was caught up by another servant and quickly dispatched me to do another task . 
  today , as i was organizing the tomes by the study , i found a similar looking book ; it was worn on the edges and as i opened to take a quick read i realized just exactly what he expected me to do with this . 
  i can only thank god for keeping gilbert away from my path as i read into his entries . 
  they were rather mundane but given the nature of what the book was , i do n't think he would have liked me poking my nose into it . 
  now that i remember , even back when i first was his servant , he always used to carry at least one of those books . 
  even during campaigns . 
  it 's understandable that our endurance is higher than the one humans can present but as i look back i am surprised his eyes have not worn off . 
  perhaps that 's why they are this kind of piercing red , like of a wild beast seeking for its prey at night . 
  my being feels torn right now : should i indeed follow his lead and continue writing , i will most likely be following his path and legitimize that control he ( used to by this point ) has over me . 
  on the other hand , i can not find a better output to my anger and tremors than the silent comfort these pages offer . 
  feliks is not a kind master , and i resent these 5 years more than the 250 under gilbert 's knights . 
  if only toris could split away from that polish buffoon for even the briefest of moments , perhaps he could give me the solace i need . 
  for now , this will have to do . 
  augustus 20 , 1415, 
  i have decided to continue the journal . 
  until i sort out this situation in my favor , i believe this will be my only way to talk about things without the risk of being punished . 
  in order to ensure that i can express myself freely and without repercussions , i 'm going to list the following rules for this journal which may change if i need to :, 
  * at least one entry per day . 
  if a day was skipped , there should be a small summary of that day and then continue with the actual day . 
  * the official language to write this will be pr\u016bsiskai . 
  german may be allowed if needed , like if i quote some of gilbert 's words or he 's in a proximity where he may glance at my book . 
  * every entry starts with the date in latin to make it more official . 
  * if something of interest is found and needs to be drawn or placed in the entry it should be done in the next blank page . 
  notes can be placed if needed . 
  today 's chores were n't extraordinary and more than anything made me realize how used i am to them . 
  i could n't help smile when i saw gilbert having to do almost exactly the same kind of tedious work , mumbling something about getting back at them when ever he rises up to power . 
  the scriptures say something about ` reaping what you sow ' and i 'm delighted to see him in my same circumstances . 
  that said , he still continues to administer my former territory and keeps giving me some chores of his own although these lack the sense of authority from before . 
  he argues that it is better that i do so as i know `` these peasants '' better than he does . 
  i caught myself glaring at him before turning away in a haste to my next task . 
  toris , who can only look at me with a gentle smile on his face , found me mumbling on a corner as i was cleaning the floor and after a brief talk he reminded me that even though i was another territory i still held the responsibility for the well being of my fireflies . 
  i looked at him puzzled , so he took me down a nearby creek to remind me of a story he told me some centuries ago when we first met . 
  `` we are like a crystal box with many fireflies '' toris he explained as showed me a glass box he had brought with him and ushered some of the blinking bugs that approached us . 
  `` the box represents our territory and each of these fireflies represents our people . 
  each element can exist on their own but when we combine the sturdiness of the box with the light of the fireflies they form a lantern . 
  so in a way , we are like this lantern . '', 
  i looked at the box , curious at the soft light that it produced and i could n't help to smile . 
  he patted my head and handed me the makeshift lantern to me with that smile i 've so gotten fond of . 
  `` the light represents our spirit and the box our body . 
  our spirits are made by the thousands of people who have lived on our lands , or still do . 
  they beckon to us ; they form out what we are . 
  our body , meanwhile , mirrors the state of our land . 
  we are a projection of both these elements together : we are the people 's lantern . '', 
  he brought me back into the fortress quickly after . 
  i could n't help asking him if i was ever going to be strong enough to protect my fireflies . 
  `` it will take time , karaliau\u010dius '' he said with a hint of sadness on his face . 
  `` but it wo n't be easy . 
  for now , i will ask you to endure . '',
