  the sad part about it is that sometimes it matches real life . 
  while i would n't be surprised that even after you are 40 they still * try * to convince you not to be trans , i hope it is n't as hard now . 
  these are the kind of stories i am afraid to go on having in a close future . 
  i want to rescue the good things from n.korea and i mean its people and culture . 
  do you get any teachings of history before the kims ? 
  how is a typical day for a n.korean ? 
  i do believe i need to change my flair then . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  do please explain in what has calderon 's war had success , other than killing almost a quarter million of mexicans, 
  i am a girl . 
  yes, 
  before anything i want to know how to quote like you ( i am new to reddit ), 
  secondly , i had no idea that the vatican had a seat on the un . 
  so far i knew it was only there as an observer . 
  and while it 's true non-vatican-citizen can go around not following rules , it is still imposed practically by culture by a country . 
  at least the catholic church still holds a strong hand over my country and it pisses me off . 
  hello mr. johnnson . 
  wild redditor from mexico here . 
  it might seem odd that somebody from my country is interested in the us political run but when you realize how linked/united both countries are in many aspects its almost obliged . 
  as well as this question `` what are your views towards mexico ? '', 
  upon being president how will you collaborate with us and on what ? 
  thank you : ), 
  and yet , it is . 
  if i do remember well mussolini was the one who granted them the lands were they stand so they are a nation , proof on how religion can and is used to control the masses ( because if hitler had nazism , mussolini would def . 
  want something too . 
  being il duce was n't enough ), 
  well , it has a lot of reasons but my approach is the following : there is both the side of negligence by the parents in which they are nowadays wanting television and schools to teach them everything about life . 
  because schools can only do much and tv stuffs the kids with cheap and fast foods , they get used these tendencies and learn nothing more . 
  the parents are too busy to tend the children and think of it better to just quiet them down with a happy meal or a bag of chips than to actually cook or what not . 
  but then there is another subtle tendency that 's being created due to the way the economy is being enforced : some 20 or even 10 years ago it was n't as often for both parents to work full time . 
  the economical model is structured in a way where parents are at some point forced to abandon the kid 's tuition to tv and schools or keep them occupied somewhere else and it 's not precisely because they want them to be alone . 
  there 's also the fact that nice healthy food is getting rather expensive . 
  go and compare to the organic kind of food ( which some years ago was just called food perhaps ) and it 's much more expensive than your regular over the counter precooked microwaveable food . 
  it also takes precious time they could be using in working or other activities . 
  and to that , let 's add the genetic background and the fact that parents are much more scared of leaving their kids play even outside their patios and restrict them indoors . 
  it 's a whole list of reasons why . 
  sure , i know many negligent parents around that fail at really raising their kids but you also have to consider other things . 
  can i have a thirs option ? 
  i do n't believe any of these will do . 
  my girlfriend will be happy about this . 
  yay !, 
  i would n't doubt there would be a bunch of kids asking him if he indeed had some icecream on that cart, 
  still awesome nonetheless : p, 
  first of all , and not to dig into much detail , when was it that your friend died and how are you sure she got if from you ? 
  did you exhibit some symptoms yourself ? 
  i think this is something you need to work on with your friend 's family , both as to discover the real cause and for comfort . 
  i know it 's not easy to loose a friend but taking the whole blame on something that might not even be influenced by you is not a good way to remember her . 
  perhaps it 's time for me to throw another one of my long posts/talks about my life and how this might work . 
  for starters , i 'm a girl so it ' might be a bit odd . 
  i have never thought myself as pretty , at all . 
  as a young kid , i would be teased and poked around at how ugly i was or chubby or ( insert other thing here ) sort of thing . 
  i got to believe such a thing and let it grow , letting it also become `` well , fuck it i 'm ugly . 
  i suppose i wo n't need to do anything on that aspect '' . 
  i let that image of them get imprinted in me and relegated any aspect of looking pretty or even getting well dressed . 
  after all , i was ugly and who gave a fuck . 
  since it was that , i thought nobody would even bother to notice me and i was destined to die alone in some sort of stupid hole where people would just point as i curled in a ball and die . 
  however , i got some friends online who gave me some support . 
  they did n't go petting me and comforting me all the time , they also would slap some sense on me . 
  it was these small acts of kindness ( albeit still being online nonetheless even ) that made me wonder whether really what they said was true or my own thoughts were at all . 
  ego , as i have learned too , is a 2 edged sword that hurts you as you shield yourself with it . 
  that 's what ego is really , a very sharp shield that leaves bad imprints in you and everyone . 
  it 's not bad to have healthy ego but when it 's big , it also shows that you might be afraid of people which returns back to my story above . 
  my advice , fuck those dumb bastards who think or say you are ugly , get some friends who appreciate you for who you are and tidy up . 
  you are still young , you have a long time to go . 
  all you need is to lower down that shield a bit and see how there are more things outside < < < pet pet pet   , 
  ps : prissy girls = no-no . 
  they 'll just squeeze you . 
  and they are like peaches . 
  ps2 : if you are 16 and you start doing work outs like coocoo says , by age 18 ... dayum ... and chicks dig strong tanned guys . 
  it 's much harder if you choose squirtle i might even say : it 's a special wall , and try going water against water . 
  also , i am pretty sure it can recover . 
  stalling forever . 
  . . suddenly , super potion . . . ffffffff -, 
  ok , lesson learned, 
  my senses detect a severe rash in this individual . 
  that or a doze of being a prick, 
  it does n't give shits unless you begin to do a deep research about it . 
  still , it 's be more historical-demographic-ethnic than anything, 
  i believe it has been chronic rash too, 
  in my case it happens something odd : i am the eldest sister in my family and i am very handy . 
  i do plumming , electric fixes ... you name it . 
  when dad would teach me something new and i got tangled or moved things incorrectly , he 'd poke fun at me for `` being a girl '' . 
  and there 's always when he sees e or tmz with shows like `` project runway '' were he 's like looking around for who 's gay in that contest , poking fun at . 
  it 's not that offensive really - he 's quite a jokester - but i kind of wonder what 's the joke at times . 
  and it makes me cringe more since i 'm still closeted . 
  makes me wonder : i 'm from mexico , my girlfriend 's from thr us . 
  if we get married , are we going to be trated like relatives in the us ? 
  will this limit the `` advantages '' by marrying a us citizen or will it be left to each state to decide ? 
  what about possible children ? 
  it 's still something on the long run - us wedding - but these kind lf news make me wonder . 
  it 's not for obtaining benefits at all what a wedding is about but , if hetero couples get them , can we ? 
  btw , mexico is oblidged to recognize same-sex marriage and grant all the benefits from a straight marriage . 
  no problem on this side : p, 
  you are half way correct my estimated sir : i am indeed attracted to my same gender ... however i am female . 
  begin fantasizing now ( must be 18 years or older to participate in this promotion . 
  offer void in the following states : al , ok , tx , fl , and other red neck states under the bible belt . ), 
  hmm , before telling her parents , why not ask a doctor ( not your therapist ) about the scenario and the posibility of this happening ? 
  i still have my blue version with the battery operational, 
  sad that the gold version died . 
  thanks for being along for so long,
