    in 1984 , granville suffered another brain haemorrhage and died 3 times . 
  he died 3 times and revived . 
  either he 's jesus christ reborn or as they say on the nets `` cool story bro '' . 
  really ? 
  this is more than stupid , it 's plain insulting . 
  i suppose i do n't add anything in value saying that i watch your show and love the whole explosion/firing fun that you two seem to have . 
  i want to know if by any causality you 've seen your show dubbed . 
  it 's odd that i 've grown used to your `` spanish '' voice and when i watch the show in english i just somehow mentally change it to what i have . 
  if you have , what 's the best dub you 've heard so far ? 
  i will save this image and use it as a card indeed . 
  fucking love these guys . 
  fucks given by wooper : zero, 
  oh wow , i have a bunch of these . 
  i guess the most stupid and dangerous thing i did as a kid was around age 5 when we started a custom of buying firecrackers and fireworks and make teams to start war with each other . 
  we were fortunate to never really get hurt badly ( except this guy who always seemed to have a knack for ending up like crap in - anything - ) but this evolved in us making molotov bombs ( around age 9-10 ) and throw them at factories close to our home , while riding our bikes . 
  we were . 
  quite a bunch . 
  and this is one of the main reasons i left religion all together . 
  many of the main teachings of the church is to give money to the poor . 
  i do n't think the vatican is poor . 
  it is a bit funny that i attended a catholic junior high and we were taught all the existant theories of the origins of life and evolution . 
  what 's more , it took evolution as the most valid and creationism as a `` first '' insigth , as if it used to be valid until further investigation . 
  huh , might explain how ironically i became atheist from that period of my life , aside the stories of a school teacher 's som banging a minor ( consensualy , though ) . 
  how about the keys of my city ? 
  taking this analogy as base , the seeds also mean knowledge . 
  by taking that out , knowledge is not spread and when you rot , you left nothing behind . 
  more than creepy , it 's sad . 
  all you left was a useless carcrass instead of allowing new generations to bloom . 
  this is what 's wrong with religion in overall . 
  with kool-aid of course !, 
  i must say that you look really beautiful , gal : d, 
  i 'm happy for your transcision . 
  hope it did n't present any trouble at all . 
  high five !, 
  sin embargo , como puedes ver en este video , es una forma de regular el internet para poder censurarlo -  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e24usq_ju1s, 
  it was my last day of university . 
  we did a party and we got to say some last words . 
  i told them i expected to see my girlfriend soon , just as a random quirk to freak them out ( i really liked to do that sort of things to my classmates ) . 
  instead , they just shrugged it and some even exchanged money ( as if they betted on it ! ) . 
  i asked what was wrong with them ( as i expected a freakout or at least a wtf ) a a friend told me `` we ... kind of had it figured out '' with other going `` with all the odd things you do , this is the least odd '' . 
  i gave them a hug : p ... and slapped the bastards who betted on my sexuality ... 
  your sister has her priorities in check i guess . 
  at least she seemed cool on it ( and to be honest , that 's one of my replies to many things given the occation ), 
  as a mexican , all i can say is `` a wevo '', 
  do n't forget the carbos and stuff . 
  that kind of makes me sad , you know ? 
  if we women can wear jeans ( which 40 years before could have raisen some eyebrows ) , what 's wrong with men wearing a skirt ? 
  they get teased enough if they wear pink so i find all of those gender stereotypes rather stupid . 
  if you are happy being a way , dressing a way and you do n't affect anybody , then good for you . 
  that possibly the root of my question : i do n't get gender stereotypes at times - specially when they try to jab them into my troath - and i even go as far to defy them . 
  i was in an all male soccer team because there was no girl team back then . 
  so , why not let me play ? 
  what 's the problem of being a `` girl '' ? 
  should i make a x/post in there ? 
  i 'm way far here in mexico , but when it comes to support i have learned that the internet cuts distances . 
  i 'm a graphic designer . 
  if you ever need anything , shoot me up a message . 
  i 'm in facebook as `` da.mangaka '' ( lol ), 
  interestingly , my advice can be synthetised in one word : `` meh '' . 
  think about it , she turned you down after who knows how long for the petty lack of faith in a possible or non existing force in who know were . 
  you won freedom of being yourself and live on with your beliefs . 
  she lost all what you could offer her and is loosing for not being accepting on others opinion . 
  there was ( as it was magically poofed . 
  yeah , just like that ) were unbaptized children went when they died . 
  anyone remember the `` limbo '' ? 
  yeah , nice way to say `` fuck you '' and give you a fate worse than death . 
  who damn !, 
  this means that if you picked ( for example , in my case ) white and follow up with white 2 , it is a full sequel . 
  that is something indeed new . 
  i am just sad ariados is in black ; n ; i love 'em spiders ... 
  to be honest , this is really bad taste . 
  oh , poor non-born baby ... she did n't have a birthday . 
  it would have been wonderful if she had a birthday party with her alcoholic mother and abusive father , or those neglecting parents that wished she never was there . 
  or those religious lunatics that need to remind her of why she exists in the first place ( `` we could n't abort you because it 's bad '' ) . 
  that will definetively be better . 
  i am 23 and to be honest , it has never gotten in my mind to transition . 
  i 've had that feeling since i was 5 but i wanted to be both a princess and a kick ass knight ( i blame princess knight + saint seiya for that ) . 
  i feel happy as a girl , i sometimes just would like to change gender for a day and go out as a boy . 
  then back again as a girl . 
  well damn . 
  you had to remind me of that overused crosscrap as i call them . 
  i wish they could let you cross the legendaries ... 
  indeed , but there are limits , i guess : \\, 
  technically , the united states just eat the `` america '' part to call themselves as such . 
  most people ( specially latin america ) call them ` estadounidenses ' or what ever slurs they throw . 
  i believe it 's a common english language thing but technically every country in that continent is american . 
  i can not do more but agree wholeheartly on this . 
  religion on themselves are n't bad . 
  after all , it 's a system of beliefs and everyone has their own despite being or not religious . 
  the problem is going on imposing such beliefs while not even acting them out accordingly . 
  we 've seen endless examples of bible picking phrases in accordance to the events happening it 's just plain ridiculous . 
  i suppose than more than being hypocrital , it 's just that they wo n't allow themselves to be more open minded or rather the ambience around them is n't exactly the best place to do so . 
  there are many factors for this kind of ignorance but it 's sickening and sad that they are still in place and even encouraged . 
  i am 23 and working on getting out of my house as well . 
  getting a job here is hard or nearly impossible and even if i do the pay is very small in compared to what you need to live well . 
  i 'm working to start a business with the help a friend and my girlfriend so we can actually move out as well . 
  also , the whole spying on my messages thing is one of the reasons i began to learn many languages , particularly japanese and russian ... 
  exactly but people * still * ca n't think of a reason to get rid of it . 
  they all go `` well , if there is no word of god there will only be chaos '' as akin to loosing all moral values which i find it rather ironic because it 's these same people who tend to provoke more chaos . 
  it 's all about ignoring the fact that there * can * be morality without the need of a big brother like being .
