  mario party with yourself . 
  huh , it 'll be odd getting angry at the ncps : p, 
  right , free will . 
  free will is being able to decide what i want to do without any external pressure of any kind . 
  think about this : i want some tacos from the corner downstairs from here . 
  there 's sushi on the next building ? 
  i suppose i can choose that too . 
  see ? 
  it 's about options and being able to pick which ever i want . 
  now that it is settled , let 's go to eat some sushi . 
  come on !, 
  do n't make that face !, 
  i 'll even pay your order . 
  yes , of course i 'll be glad to do so master . 
  aaaaaaahhhhh ; ; ;, 
  now i feel bad ; a ; \\* goes to cry in a corner \\*, 
  [ there * is * a mario party ds ] ( http://www.amazon.com/mario-party-ds-nintendo/dp/b000u34sza ), 
  i think that , if i 'm not wrong with what 's been spoiled on the manga , ash befriends one of the ` normal ' genesect . 
  the red one is just bent on returning home . 
  i already wan na see the movie @ n@;, 
  i wish i could go to the tournaments < / 3, 
  mexican here . 
  i await your arrival here - v - \\, 
  i posted something here about a lost stray kitten i found . 
  i only had it like for 4 days before it passed away due to it being too weak . 
  it still hurt me a lot . 
  some neighbors helped me to dig a hole in the ground and i just stood there some 5 minutes trying not to cry . 
  it 's incredible how such a short period can do such impact , i ca n't imagine it with an actual house pet you spend a lot of your life with . 
  what i did to remember that small kitten was to plant some seeds on it 's place . 
  a small memoir that life goes on and continues giving despite of it all . 
  i eventually moved the seeds because that place was n't exactly fertile and more of a sandbox ( not an actual one but the texture of the place we dug felt like it ) . 
  two lovely sunflowers that are growing nicely . 
  all i can say is that you should be happy that you shared such time with her and that you were privileged for it . 
  remember the good times and keep on giving . 
  edit : ah !? 
  it 's my cake day ? 
  really ? 
  nightmares , yeah . 
  sometimes . 
  day dreams however . 
  i 've never thought those could be possible . 
  i do get into some moods when i start imagining stuff for my stories but really , i do n't think i 've ever had a daymare . 
  i want so much to enter this but i still need to gift 2 people more in here , need to finish those postcards , and i 'm already in * 4 * reddit exchanges already ^ ^ ;, 
  the best of wishes for all of those who participate . 
  unless there 's a compelling reason to keep the female va , i want dan green as mewtwo, 
  i 'm getting my 3ds xl with pokemon x. 
  i have a girlfriend . 
  this guy does not know finances : / . 
  fail . 
  so , you wan na work out , huh ? 
  well , it 's not that hard if you have the correct steps . 
  the first thing you want to do , though , is to know what stats you want to level up . 
  what do you mean `` what 's all that about ? '', 
  well , let me explain you . 
  say you want to loose weight but also want to run fast . 
  you 'll need to invest ` evs ' ( effort points ) in speed but loose the ones in hp ( your weight ) . 
  this is done by eating a specific quantity and type of food - berries , for example - and doing certain exercises . 
  it wo n't do you good to gain speed to fight a swalot . 
  you may only raise your level of skill but you 'll keep that same hp . 
  likewise , you ca n't expect results to loose your weight and gain speed if you keep doing the same exercises or activities you 've done so far . 
  you need to find the correct routine , eat the correct food to loose and gain what you want . 
  you want it faster ? 
  well , there * are * ways to get it faster you know ? 
  in this world , we use bracers : there 's the power , weight and so on . 
  these are tools that help you gain focused evs so you gather them faster . 
  how do these work ? 
  well , a good trainer might help you get the specific item you need in your journey . 
  talk to them , i 'm pretty sure they can give you some advice on whether you need or do n't need them . 
  finally , it 's all about persistence : if you sway away from the set training routine , you may gain evs you do n't want or need . 
  you 'll have to loose them and try again . 
  it is always good to have a trainer to guide you though as well , not only for giving you advice . 
  it might be difficult at first , but once you are on the road , i 'm sure not only you 'll feel better , but you will feel like you 're ready to tackle anything . 
  please keep in mind that rare candies wo n't help at all . 
  i should have done this when i was younger . 
  i can use my same us account on the ( ie ) german one ? 
  i do n't need to make another one for the site ? 
  awesome !, 
  i hope shipping from one country to another is cheap though . 
  thanks for the tip : d, 
  this is just proof that california * still * belongs to mexico . 
  nothing to be shocked at . 
  \u00a1 shhh !, 
  i do n't think i can apply given where i live : /, 
  i will tell you a small tale that makes me proud : i * sold * a router at best buy . 
  might not sound like much but take in fact that :, 
  - i did n't knew these people, 
  - i * do n't * work at best buy ( ca n't , i 'm not from the us ), 
  - i was getting my own router . 
  the guy who ` helped ' them just hinted them at the most expensive one and the features it had but the family still had questions . 
  since i was there and i heard them speak about the routers , i just poked into their convo and started explaining about the whole variety they offered . 
  i managed to get them hooked to a nice 89 usd netgear router that was able to cover all their house without much a problem . 
  they were surprised i was n't an employee or something . 
  just showing that treating people nicely are part of selling anything . 
  * the internet holds information of a million voices . 
  people far and wide who have yet to meet yet are able to gift each other . 
  it is in one of these ` sites ' where these generous people gather . 
  each of them with a purpose of sharing joy to another . 
  random acts can not be in this network of the twilight zone *, 
  ~ ~ random spew over there ^ ~ ~, 
  um , right .
