  he had found her about 5 months ago by accident . 
  the scene even reminded him of a certain harem anime he once watched back on his high school days . 
  but there she was , as real as himself , gazing at him with those eerie blue eyes that could very well become lit at any time . 
  she crawled at him quietly , curious as a child , and held him by the shoulders gently while looking at the object he held on his hands . 
  `` what is that ? '', 
  she asked in a soft monotone voice . 
  `` this ? 
  oh ... '' kenta could feel her long hair brushing against him . 
  the hair , he learned during his firsts interactions with the being , was actually biochemically similar to fiber optics . 
  while he had n't seen it on his own , he theorized that xanadu - named after a cheesy song he found her looping over and over from far too long ago - could use them to plug herself into devices . 
  she had shown some skill doing it wirelessly , so he could only imagine the kind of powerful potential if she tapped onto that other method . 
  `` i was just reading some information out of the internet . 
  nothing too important , just things to keep me up to date . '', 
  `` internet . '', 
  she repeated quietly . 
  `` what is the internet ? '', 
  kenta bit his tongue with that one . 
  obviously , he could state what a powerful tool the internet was and how it had shaped the world for the last 200 years . 
  from bringing the world economy together , to toppling down leaders or making others rise . 
  it was an uncontrollable hive mind and the information that could be found there - some with specific credentials - was limitless . 
  considering that she had yet to know or understand what the internet was made him consider what words were proper to describe it . 
  as much as she deserved an answer , she was not yet ready to be flooded by such torrent without some sort of moral compass built upon her . 
  on that sense , she was pretty much tabula rasa and that could pose incredible risks . 
  `` the internet is one of the places where you can gather information to understand the world . '', 
  he replied after a while , making sure to put enough emphasis on the * one * . 
  `` humans can populate their mind with information from various sources like books , a library , other people 's experiences and museums . 
  all of these things build up the knowledge that shapes the world to be what it is today . '', 
  `` what is the location of the internet ? '', 
  she asked again . 
  `` well , that depends what you mean by that . '', 
  kenta crossed his arms . 
  `` the internet is very big so , it needs to be deposited in things we call servers . 
  the servers are located all around the world but we can use devices like these to access to them . '', 
  xanadu looked at the tablet again . 
  she moved her right hand to touch the cover of the device . 
  `` am i able to go to the internet ? '', 
  xanadu said as she tapped the tablet . 
  kenta breathed deeply . 
  `` perhaps . 
  one must be prepared to engage with the internet . '', 
  he moved one of his hands to touch hers . 
  `` there are certain privileges you must acquire and probably some tests to ensure you are compatible with the internet . '', 
  xanadu did n't reply . 
  she kept looking at the tablet under the pair of hands , possibly processing that newly received information that was told . 
  `` what privileges must i obtain ? 
  must i remit my requisition to an administrator ? '', 
  `` hmm , '' he could n't avoid smiling `` well , yes . 
  since i 'm your administrator , you must first ask me validation to access the internet . 
  i must ensure that you are able to navigate through its files with ease . 
  until then , i will have to prohibit your access to it . '', 
  kenta almost felt bad about doing that , like some sort of parent limiting their child . 
  but it was for the best . 
  for now , he would continue his methods of providing information via books and certain multimedia . 
  `` now then , i believe it 's time to go to sleep . 
  i suppose you 'll go to your position and recharge , right ? '', 
  he said as he stood up . 
  the bio-mechanical entity let her hands slide down as he rose , but kept her gaze on the device . 
  she was instructed not to access and she would not dare to disobey a direct command from her admin . 
  but in the dept of her growing consciousness , a sense of discovery was poking at her repeatedly . 
  for now , she resolved , she would prepare herself for the time her admin gave her the access she had set as goal . 
  and soon , the gates of the world would be at her tips . 
  [ bgm ] ( https://youtu.be/l1udnhlrb94 ), 
  `` this is ... '', 
  without any sort of aid from a machine or some god-like force , jean pierre had somehow managed to stop time . 
  the gynoid extended her hand at the young frenchman , allowing him to better see the locket that she had held inside for over 35 years . 
  `` i ca n't accept this , no . '', 
  he shook his head in disbelief . 
  the gynoid 's gentle smile , more than assuring , made him tremble further . 
  `` there is still time , there is still a chance we can ... '', 
  she shook her head slowly . 
  `` i was given life in order to repair a loss , mr delacroix . 
  my creator , who lies on my grasp , had lost his willing to live upon realizing the aftermath of that terrible mission . 
  his madness , perfectly mixed with sorrow , brought what should had never been brought back , no without consequences . '', 
  held on her tattered left arm laid the gynoid 's creator , legendary engineering genius wilhelm von fritz . 
  the wounds and damage spread upon his body did n't allow much optimism to be presented . 
  nevertheless , jean pierre was not ready to let another ally become another martyr in this seemingly never-ending conflict . 
  `` i was created to be perfect in any sense of the word , mr delacroix . 
  i was to be the galaxy 's best companion , pinned against one whom i concluded would never be able to sufficiently replace . 
  it was with that knowledge that i understood the value of human life and the true meaning of eternity . '', 
  `` eternity ? '', 
  jean pierre asked confused . 
  `` for centuries , the wantons of humanity have sprouted countless of tales and legends of how to obtain different kind of treasures : wealth , fame , and eternity . 
  one indeed can amass a great amount of valuables and be known through out the galaxy with a certain degree of ease . 
  however all of it is lost to the weight of time . 
  in the end , i have concluded , humanity and most sentient beings in this vast universe have reached out to obtain a piece of time : a piece called eternity . '', 
  the gynoid moved her right hand to remind him of the locket . 
  `` i believe that there is one effective method to achieve it . '', 
  `` and that is ... ? '', 
  jean pierre asked , hesitantly taking the locket . 
  `` as a being that can exist outside of time , no matter the possibilities , you may carry on our memory . 
  as i lay with the one who brought life into me , comforting him on his final moments , please do not forget . 
  do not forget the true essence of eternity : to pass on the experiences and memories of those before us . 
  that is how one is truly able to achieve eternity . '', 
  jean pierre stared at the pair , in his mind time had yet to resume . 
  a loud beep on his headphones brought him back to reality , one of his allies asking for his location and urging him to flee the asteroid base . 
  clutching the locket in his fist , he began to run towards his ship . 
  it is true that , he thought , that the body eventually ceases to be . 
  it is true that nothing can last forever . 
  but the mind is limitless . 
  the heart is limitless .
