  fucking loved this show . 
  mexican chiming here . 
  `` are you thinking what i am thinking bananin '', 
  `` i think so bananon ... '', 
  gamergate - and i 'm writing an article/comic for this - is the result * of * this whole thing . 
  the toxic pc-ness that is corroding every single aspect of our lives : media , news , products , education . 
  i 'm not sure if they were the first but gamergate are one of those ` loud ' factions that are against a group mainly supported by sjws and that 's why they are so noticeable , but i 'm sure there are others . 
  that 's how i see them . 
  needless to say , it seems that slowly my country is starting to get bits of that but hopefully we 'll keep mocking each others and calling each other fags for longer . 
  i like to carefully open them to take out the little aluminum thing that prevents me from using them on the wii u and then i carefully repack them . 
  only a few look opened at first glance . 
  i 'm not sure if it counts as a nib . 
  i do it because they look cool hung on the wall as i have them . 
  there are some few that are 100 % nib , as i do n't have the games for them or really do n't see the need to ( splatoon trio , toad , 30 anv mario ), 
  i should probably take a picture of my collection . 
  avg is quickly becoming the new norton anti-virus . 
  if you can pay , eset all the way, 
  i _ need _ to do this list with a reminder . 
  by the end of 2016 , i should have :, 
  * published at least two of my manga . 
  the first one is called `` tales of a jobless mangaka '' and the second one is a story which i have been working for 20 years simply known as the `` gs saga '' . 
  this last one _ must _ be published on november 27 . 
  `` toajm '' should be getting to it 's 2nd takoubon when the gs saga gets launched . 
  * on a related manner , my website should be up and running ... 
  * i am planning a trip to canada to meed up my so . 
  this should happen around october . 
  * if i am able to snag sdcc tickets , i want to at least be able to wear 2 different cosplays . 
  bonus points if i manage to get to the masquerade . 
  * for health or the reason above , i wan na lose 40kgs . 
  i should be down to my adecuate weight by october . 
  i 'm planning on a nissan march . 
  * gotten a better position at my current job or get so good at drawing/illustrations that i can live off from it . 
  and that 's pretty much it 0 7 0 . 
  see you next year !, 
  and unlike / pol / , srs is never right . 
  i 'm confused ... do spaniards really call the inflatables `` hinchables '' ? 
  we just call them `` inflables '' across the pond . 
  rain , or not , i 'm ready to go there and get * soaked *, 
  huh ... that might not be a bad idea for a song to play but , that 's a really far stretch . 
  i do like matt 's version of it . 
  you know what 's going to happen ? 
  i 'm going to make a meta joke about this in my story . 
  and it 'll carry a 10 % tax per slash ... 
  tijuanense here . 
  i awoke today to the sound of hail . 
  i 'm planning on crossing to sd in the afternoon for a concert ... will this scale like the 1993 storm ? 
   the tj government/people, 
  i think that answers your question . 
  honestly , though , unless you live on the outskirts of the city ( which hosts most of the poorest areas ) you wo n't have much hassles . 
  the whole ditches and traffic is part of the natural process . 
  me , reporting live from front row . 
  i think i heard the globalist being rehearsed as i passed close to the arena ... 
  holy fuck ... the hype, 
  edit : there is some mixer pad on stage . 
  my guess is that they use this for reapers . 
  speculation increases ... 
  just bought some merch . 
  can confirm that cards can be used . 
  merch is around 35-40 for t-shirts . 
  saw some patches for 15 , litographs for 20 , keychains for 15 . 
  there is a sd concert exclusive t-shirt . 
  meanwhile ... 
  i am going to work with my wristband . 
  nothing will deter my excitemebt for the night, 
  got one for being ga and one from the vip tickets . 
  the ga one is a generic glowing green while the vip one does say `` muse world tour '', 
  i was close to where they threw the pics !, 
  they never even turned to our little part of our side ( close to the stage ), 
  still , i came satisfied from the whole thing ... and with a stiff neck . 
  just ordered mine . 
  i 'm going to pick it up tomorrow . 
  i noticed a marth on the website 's dashboard and i just have to order it . 
  on another news , you can pre-order lucas on bestbuy ... neat !, 
  thanks for the heads up !, 
  the best buy at eastlake ( san diego ) seems promising . 
  ordered a pick-up there . 
  do n't know how it is on the actual store . 
  it 's not too easy to take a peek when you live on the other side of the border . 
  it 's not plastic , it 's like those hard paper ones that ca n't get wet and it 's difficult to remove without scissors or careful peeling . 
  i 'm going to take a picture in a bit . 
  hold on . 
   green canadian flag, 
   green `` maple '' leaf, 
   has cheesy soap operas, 
  is canada the new mexico , with poutine instead of tacos ? 
  i wonder about the actual state of my country now ... 
  was right at the front . 
  that 's the best place to be if you want to take nice pics . 
  otherwise the middle will be fine . 
  if you want to have the chance for freebs from them , go close to one of the entry ramps . 
  huh ... til . 
  after getting my shovel knight amiibo , and with the blessings of a friend , i 'm interested in getting the game . 
  i 'm more into getting the 3ds version as i can play it anywhere and we only have 1 tv at my home , but i could always just play it on the wiiu pad . 
  what do you recommend me ? 
  would like to add that , to my surprise , you can * also * pre-order lucas via amazon mexico . 
  he 'll be my little experiment to see how good it works over here , otherwise i 'll just stick to hunt them in san diego or buy them on us amazon . 
  it 's around 250 pesos + 54 of shipping if you do n't order anything else . 
  when i was 17 years old , i remember sneak-grabbing my dad 's credit-card and buying virtual console games for the wii that were less than 5 usd . 
  little things so he would n't notice that much . 
  this after i was caught using his card to pay for 20 usd worth of sealed letters on gaia online and making it clear he was n't going to take this shit .
