  so , he pretty much wanted to vanish all churches . 
  extremes are never good . 
  have you 've managed to drink any mexican beers ? 
  and if so , which one is the best ? 
  um , this is the year 2013 right ? 
  not 1950 or 1980 ... . 
  i think god is more of a douchebag tbh . 
  ... each pokemon to understand ... 
  hands down , ocarina of time can be called easily the greatest videogame ever made . 
  back in a time graphics were still not as important , the storyline , the music , ambiences ... everything is just amazing . 
  it 's a masterpiece that needs it 's own museum, 
  electroma ? 
  i need to see that then . 
  i know tron existed before , my dad went to see the original movie . 
  the thing is that the plot of tron legacy was not well developed and ultimately failed to surprise ( unlike the original since here it was to show off cgi ) . 
  the music saved it : p, 
  and in another news , water is wet, 
  pull out my ipod 's mini-speaker and blast off some muse music , all while recording my final moments and documenting stuff . 
  `` let it be known that in my last moments , i lived as epicly as possible '', 
  once i got my degree and started to look for a job . 
  it 's a surreal thought . 
  well , tijuana . 
  but we can see san diego 's stations so i guess it counts . 
  1 ) what 's wrong with anarchism ? 
  or communism ? 
  i mean , there are * plenty * of reasons why it 's not really that good but , sit back for a while , look at it with a cold head and you 'll see that many ` isms ' are technically the same . 
  there are striking similarities between the ** applied * capitalism with communism , on regards to control of masses . 
  really , ` isms ' are like a set of kitchen knives which most people use disregarding that each has it 's own purpose and instead goes to stab everything with them . 
  many for the lulz . 
  2 ) i will have to push you a bit of mexican history here to defend may 1st ( which is close and i really want that day off right now ) . 
  read about cananea and rio blanco . 
  these are the things that labor day/may day ` celebrate ' or rather mourn . 
  in the beginnings of the xx century , factory work was practically slave work , with some people being chained to a workplace due to some debt practices which went as far as having small children and nursing mothers to work on chemicals that sent them to their grave with no insurance or protection what so ever . 
  see the [ phossy jaw ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phossy_jaw ) entry in wikipedia to see just how bad work ambiances could become , all in the name of profit . 
  these strikes , maiming and disorder - therefore - can actually be backed and understood as the companies would rather have people die or work in bad conditions than to spend a penny in making them happier . 
  all these labor rights you and i have ( well , depends the nation really ) are not just because people thought it was a good idea , it came as a result of such ` evil ' acts . 
  people can only withstand harsh mistreatment so long , it will be no surprise somebody stands up and begins to voice out his opinion . 
  that opinion might be then silenced by any means but can go on echoing further into becoming something bigger . 
  these riots - which damages can or can not be justifiable - are a result of bad conditions . 
  the bolshevik movement did not surge out of the blue : royals in russia were dicks who had no idea of how to manage thousands of starving people while they thrived in luxury . 
  the idea of anarchism is what has launched many nations to become independent . 
  anarchism is akin to a son leaving his father 's control and while it can not become a form of government ( just like atheism can not be a religion ) it can be a key motor to create new forms of leadership , like democracy . 
  it 's the self-serfdom of people who are tired of a tyrannic rulership that rather wants you dead than saved and sound and that is happy to throw you to a war you had no idea of how it started in the first place . 
  3 ) the idea that communism is bad comes from the 50s ( thus my joke ) , which to be honest was during stalin 's rule . 
  in my opinion , despite coming from that same route , communism = / = stalinism . 
  it 's like saying the church of lds is christianity . 
  while it has common grounds , there are so many things which just do n't click and is rather destructive . 
  also , the idea that people could gain more rights , that people could be self-serving and self-sufficient without the government to decide what to do , is frightening for these beings who seek control , a behavior that has been seen on both the us and ussr . 
  you can go and seek about project mk-ultra and other projects regarding control . 
  it 's always about control . 
  it does n't matter where it comes from . 
  saying and pointing fingers to a ` something ' is n't good enough when you do n't know about the clicks and dots that lead to something . 
  you say that i should read history , well i suppose i will suggest you the same . 
  the world rotates around the sun , not around a group of people with certain interests . 
  we need to learn that again . 
  i hate most tv commercials in mexico , but the ones i hate the most are those that are inside these short `` informative segments '' called `` informacion que cura '' ( information that cures ) . 
  usually there is this woman that says some small info about some illness ( can go from coughs , insomnia to athlete 's foot ) and how you should consult a medic for the proper medication . 
  it seems ok , until there 's an ad about a medicine for exactly the same illness talked on that short segment . 
  i hate them with a passion of 1000 suns . 
  [ here 's an example ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ragazodnms ) . 
  oh , not at all . 
  i 've been a fan since 1999 , though they caught my full attention with interstella 5555 . 
  i 'll check out that movie on the weekend . 
  `` do you know that when people die , they do so with a smile ? '', 
  i did n't know whether to laugh at that moment or cry . 
  huh . 
  is n't kind of like the united states is going to right now ? 
  ~ ~ omgforealhow ?!, 
  tell me , in a perfect ~ ~ communist ~ ~ capitalist world :, 
  * who gets the food ? 
  : yes , you do and you have ` choices ' . 
  however , do realize that many of the options from food come from the same source . 
  there are only 5 if not less manufacturers of meat . 
  corn derivatives are all around and most of the food we taste needs to be flavored because it 's not even real food . 
  please [ check this chart ] ( http://decryptedmatrix.com/live/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/the_ten_major_food_companies.jpg ) . 
  option is an illusion wrapped in different colored paper . 
  the formula is the same . 
  decides where you live : sure , you are able to move freely . 
  that 's awesome . 
  oh , but it comes with a price . 
  what 's that ? 
  a plane ticket costs 200 usd from san diego to san antonio ? 
  extra luggage money ? 
  hotels ? 
  ~ ~ the raping by the tsa ~ ~ , food expenses . 
  you are limited by your money . 
  i am not saying that this is worse than having to be watch where you go ( although with the tsa and other agencies , they might well be doing so without your knowledge ) , but you are still very limited to do things without a budget . 
  * [ ... ] decide what you do . 
  : you want to be an artist ? 
  awesome !, 
  go and pursue your dream . 
  just remember you 'll starve and live in a itty-bitty apartment with really no chances of moving around . 
  what do you need to do ? 
  work ? . 
  nothing bad with that really . 
  the thing is that with monetary restrictions , comes the need to pursue other things to pursue what you want . 
  and then comes the social stigma : `` you want to watch tv all day ? 
  what kind of lazy bum are you ? 
  blah blah blah ... '' . 
  there 's also this thing about people having the need to be the very best ~ ~ like no one ever was [ ... ] ~ ~ but even if you do , you feel sad and empty in the inside .
