  for the sake of my fireflies , i must become stronger . 
  i am unsure of what i must do , but i must seek an opportunity and prepare myself . 
  today as i was walking the hallways of this place we reside - for i still refuse to call it a home under these circumstances - gilbert approached me in a way that i would become trapped on a corner . 
  he smirked with a devious satisfaction and asked me if i was tired of being a lowly servant . 
  i scowled at him , trying to push him away , but he pressed my body back with ease . 
  it 's not difficult to imagine , given that his body is akin to one that has just become a man : energetic , tall and - in his case - proud to use that newly acquired strength to keep me in place . 
  this would n't be the first time he has done this and it keeps bringing me memories of when i was far much younger and he 'd boss me around bringing him food and parchment he would write one tomfoolery after another not before beating me up for not preparing the melted wax for him to seal such parchment . 
  although my people have grown in quantity , i have only been graced with the looks and strengths of one that is no longer held in arms but is not yet old enough to swing a sword . 
  my youthful looks , while still giving me a fair advantage on what kind of chores i am able to do , simply denies me any chance of participating in any sort of training and combat . 
  toris once gave me a sword - one that i miraculously recovered from gilbert after his siege over my people and i now store hidden somewhere only i can find - and i can lift it up fairly easily , but he will not even let me approach the armory . 
  concerned as usual , he would crouch to my level and ask me with those pleading eyes to only focus on making sure that my people were happy . 
  returning to my encounter with gilbert this afternoon , he demanded to know why i would n't join his efforts to try to bring an end to feliks ' rule upon his lands . 
  i glared at him and stomped my feet , reminding him that such land was actually my own which he not only raided but burnt down . 
  `` well , excuse me for doing my job and cleansing the land from heretics '' he growled , glaring back at me . 
  it is true that i once had pagan gods and pagan beliefs , but those were the only things i had known until that time . 
  an exchange of thoughts and beliefs would have been a better solution than such kind of ` cleansing ' . 
  thank god toris defeated him as he did on gr\u00fcnfelde . 
  after that , we did n't even dare to cross each other 's path . 
  as i finish organizing my memories of today , i 'm starting to think that he may be working on some sort of plan . 
  why would he chose to tell me though ? 
  does he honestly still believe that i am his underling ? 
  i think it 's good to start a plan of my own . 
  * decembris 12 1417 *, 
  the level of peace reached after the conclave has allowed me to leave krakow and head to my city after two years and a half . 
  feliks did not look pleased but he conceded on the fact that i would do a better job ensuring my territory 's growth and safety inside of it rather than remotely . 
  he did assert that he would send messengers back and forth to make sure i am doing a good job and i am not doing mischief . 
  i reminded the blond airhead that i was in at least 600 years old and i used to be my own entity before gilbert stormed in and razed down everything i had known . 
  `` i was n't aware you were a sa\u011da gvidilo before . '', 
  he said with a playful pout on his lips and a hint of disbelief . 
  if there is anything that my experience under the teutonic knights left branded is knowing when to keep my tongue from spewing bile at these kind of iterations and simply retire as quickly and quietly as i could without letting my emotions spill through my face . 
  speaking of the knights , i encountered gilbert sat outside taking a look at some chain mail . 
  he called out to me and when i did n't reply , he came up in front of me . 
  i often wonder if he has anybody else to talk to . 
  `` so , where are you going ? '', 
  he said as he casually placed the chain mail on his shoulder , crooking his head to a side . 
  `` i 'm going home , '' i told him annoyingly , looking at both sides . 
  `` i would like if you 'd step aside and let me continue . '', 
  gilbert grunted but did as i asked shortly after a while . 
  `` you think living under poland 's rules is better ? 
  that it gives you more stability and control ? '', 
  i heard his voice as i walked towards my caravan . 
  `` are you even * aware * of this whole deal works ? '', 
  he continued to spew more of his discourse at me as i walked further away . 
  because his voice was at a consistent volume , i assumed he was actually walking behind me keeping a certain distance . 
  my suspicions were confirmed as soon as i frustratingly turned back . 
  `` gilbert , '' i stomped my right foot in front of myself . 
  he gave 4 steps back `` god all mighty be my witness , i am not your ally . 
  we were * never * allies . 
  you came to my town like a demon in the middle of the night and destroyed * everything * i held dear . 
  you held me prisoner for at least 2 centuries and forced me to learn this pathetic excuse of a language you speak only after you basically broke my spirit and gnawed at my core like a beast . 
  i made that sacred bond because you told me my people would live if i joined you ... '', 
  `` and i held my promise ! '', 
  he barked at me . 
  `` at the condition of taking away their essence , at the condition of bowing down to * you * ! '', 
  i glared at my former master , focusing all my anger and my bottled disdain . 
  had this event been placed 40 years ago , i would already be wrenching in an agonizing pulp of my own blood on the ground . 
  instead , with a degree of authority over myself and having him under the same situation as i , i could finally fight back . 
  `` good luck being alone gilbert . '', 
  and i turned away as the dawn set . 
  my trip should take at least 7 sunrises if all goes well . 
  though my caravan is hesitant on making this trip during the blanket of winter , there is this burning feeling in my chest that i can not quench until i reach home . 
  home at last , after so long . 
  warmia came to visit today . 
  she told me how difficult it had been to reach me out after poland 's defeat over the teutonic knights and how happy she was to see me doing well . 
  it had been almost 200 years since i had received one of her big warm hugs , snuggling me and holding me close to her soft plump body . 
  `` it 's been so long my beloved sambia ! '', 
  she said as she embraced me again , placing me on the floor and giving me a pat on the head . 
  `` it is good to see god has kept you under his dutiful watch . '', 
  as merry as the reunion was , i could n't help noticing the blatant difference between the two of us : although i was older than her , when we first met about 500 years ago we looked and had the same height . 
  i still have fond memories of our childish battles in the open meadows , talks about our ancient protectors that not only kept us safe but worked secretly with nature . 
  once i had her settle on the castle , she approached to me probably having in mind another embrace but as i flinched she decided just to lift my head so i could gaze her . 
  i can only guess she felt my disappointment , realizing that despite our equal ground she had indeed gained an older complexion and thus more influence than i. 
  `` dear sambia , tell me , have you 've received the lord properly ? '', 
  `` what do you mean ? '', 
  i said , stuttering . 
  my hands clenched into fists and i could feel my whole body becoming painfully tense . 
  she must have also noticed my reaction for she placed a gentle hand on my shoulder and gave me the sweetest of smiles . 
  `` i understand that the knights made you leave your pagan worships their own way . 
  i too was thought in unkind manner but perhaps my posture as a maiden prevented me from receiving harsher punishments . 
  in the end , after all that , i did indeed find god and received his sacred words . 
  however , the one that calls himself the representation of the teutonic knights , never went through with the proper rights , alluding that i did not deserve any . 
  i remained as his subject , allowing to do with me as he pleased . '', 
  i could only nod at her statements . 
  i felt a frown on my face form . 
  `` i am sure , however , that god saw through my actions and my piety and brought to that man his just deserves . 
  who is he to forbid us from becoming full citizens of the kingdom of heaven ? 
  i had once referred this to him but he would only scoff at me and push me down . 
  only until poland came to me , did i receive the rites to be one of his blessed lands and thus be part of something larger . '', 
  she continue to talk about the benefits granted by poland , how he brought her to the correct path and had placed her in a much better position and how this was just another sign of divine intervention . 
  seeing how happy she was explaining this , i could n't bring myself to interrupt her or even debate how this may well not be divine . 
  i do agree it was an intervention , regardless i do not believe god had intended poland to be the messenger . 
  `` after my rites , '' she continued . 
  `` i was given a human name . 
  it was something the most peculiar to be referred as something other than our lands but his holiness explained to me such was an act of humbleness for in the end god will distinguish us from our own people and we too must deliver our hearts to him . '', 
  `` a name ? '', 
  i asked , `` where can i receive one of those ? '', 
  `` his holiness , the land where peter first set his church , is called the papal states . 
  perhaps you may have heard about him '' she explained while patting my head again . 
  `` over the lands where snow never falls , heading southward , lies a temple where you can find him . 
  ask for the rites of statehood and you will be granted a name and a place in heaven . '',
