  the closest time i had actually been able to let myself go was a month before my 15th birthday ( a big deal around where i live ) . 
  i had scored a very bad grade and i felt i had brought myself disgrace and dishonor as i was in a * public * school and i could n't coupe with it 's deficient school system . 
  it was halloween , i was dressed like a karate girl thing and i decided to use one of the ropes to asphyxiate myself ... in front of my class room . 
  i am not asian or anything but i decided that i had made a big enough disgrace to allow myself to be seen how i took away my life and possibly * enjoy * it . 
  suddenly , the oddest of visions or things came into me . 
  background for this following ` vision ' - i write stories since i was 8 and have plans to release comics ( hence the username ? ), 
  and books . 
  i 'm still doing so but at a slow pace . . heck , self-promotion on a thread like this ? 
  sure , why not ? ... 
  the vision was that one of my characters , whom i 've called my muse ever since , actually grabbed the band from behind and tightened it up . 
  i am not sure whether i did it myself or really somehow he was doing so . 
  i could hear my classmates go wild and anguished but it was dampened by the roaring sound of his voice : `` is this really what you want ? 
  do you want to die here ? 
  do you want to die now ? 
  say it once so i can end it ! '', 
  i began to whimper and cry , fright claiming me and wincing that i did n't . 
  as i felt the band tighter , i cried out that i did n't want to die and to give me another chance . 
  i remember other things flashing over but nevertheless i fell on my knees and my classmates went to help me . 
  i was taken to rest that day with my parents and i never spoke of what happened . 
  i had always been a perfectionist and the sight of having a b + was derailing to me . 
  i know it sounds stupid for many but , it took me a while to understand that grades are n't everything and that i did n't have to be perfect at all , that people can indeed like me without pretending to be some sort of superior godlike figure that can do everything right . 
  i have n't fortunately thought about killing myself anymore since that time , even if i do get down to depression . 
  just some days ago i was very * very * depressed because so far , it 's been 2 years without a stable job and i want to move on and have my life but i have n't found anywhere that can take me , most of the times rejecting me because i 'm too ` overqualified ' for the job i 'm asking . 
  it feels hard to be rejected over and over again and not even knowing why or when you do know that it is because you are too smart or skilled . 
  i 'm still finding my way around it , and the internet , my girlfriend , my friends and playing games have helped . 
  just my two cents . 
  i can breed you a dw vulpix and poliwag , have some prankster riolus , super luck togepis , smeargle , porygon , rotom , volt tackle pikachu ,, 
  alrighty : d, 
  i 'm much oblidged to post this :, 
  i 'm a graphic designer . 
  if you want , i can work something for you . 
  pm me if you want, 
  i do n't know , but am i the only one that thinks scyther is better than scizor ? 
  i mean , sure it has vulnerabilities but thankfully they did n't dwarf him in front of what i call his upgrade . 
  i have illustrator . 
  let me work on it, 
  lo chistoso es que niego mi acento : `` no , i quite certainly do not have an accent good sir '' . 
  wow reddit , it took you almost a week to have this published here . 
  i 've found ezekiel bread fresh in whole foods . 
  while i was confused by the naming and all , i got to admit that the sesame based bred ( the green ezequiel one ) tastes good . 
  never bought it frozen . 
  it 's sad some stores like sprouts do that : /, 
  must i remind you that they were quite friendly back on the days of the american civil war ? 
  it might have later on picked up unfriendliness but it certainly went to hell in the 50s . 
  well , fuck ... 
  i hate the 49rs . 
  chicles . 
  chickles everywhere . 
  dime , de casualidad juegas kof en una de esas de magic plus ? 
  pokemon , meet ` murica !, 
  yup, 
  yay !, 
  alright , thanks : d lem me get into wi-fi room . 
  fc is on my flair, 
  what 's your fc btw . . 
  i do n't see it on yours : p, 
  already in : d, 
  thanks so much ~ < 3, 
  why not ? 
  after all , we 've had lately a lot of smokescreens going out on the country . 
  i know the explotion is not related to the oil pemex produces but our `` president '' has pretty much paraded the idea to privatize it or attempt a petroblas structure . 
  while it might sound a good idea at first , in a country like ours licitation can out right turn into a total sell-out . 
  also , suddenly , there are risks of bombs in our congress . 
  i would like to see where this goes . 
  the latests happenings have been only preparations for new and possbily bad changes, 
  it 's sadly not up to me . 
  again , it 's just a matter to see what happens afterwards to connect the dots . 
  and this is why i hate the 49rs ... 
  i 'm not saying right now , but there have been comments on how bad pemex is and uses this explosion as an example . 
  or it could be another reason to ask money . . 
  i do n't know , there are many stories running around about this that i do n't know what but i 'm sure that our government is keen enough to not let this chance pass and use it for something . 
  already epn is using it to make himself a loving and caring guy , visiting the victims ( which is good , not saying that a president visiting is bad . . it 's just him ), 
  suddenly exo-politics chorus came to my mind : `` when the zetas fill the skies ... '' . 
  i really do n't want to speculate further from what i know ( as i have -4 on such post like that ... ) . 
  to be honest , i thibk it 's something bigger than them of if it is , we might be headed for something worse . 
  i mean why send a * anti-bomb squadron * to san l\u00e1zaro when that building 's explosion was due a boiler room ? 
  does n't make sense . 
  i dunno really ... 
  so far i 'm ali, 
  mexican here . 
  we were too busy kicking our own asses to bother with the north . 
  only until `` oh hai gais , i wan na become a country '' did we realize about texas . 
  we continue still to kick our own asses to this day ... 
  edit : fix 'd typos, 
  i remember chewing one of these as kid . 
  no idea what they were really . 
  kind of like the game ? 
  the government fighting the cartels ? 
  you are n't from mexico , are you ? 
   he was austrian brought by the french, 
  ftfy, 
  oi , i was just reviving an old trend . 
  to be honest , i have n't heard about `` the game '' in such a long time and that quote kind of was asking it . 
  think about it , it sounds stupid because everyone and their dog talked about it and nowadays i find it scarce . 
  reminds me of when comic-con was a bit more epic on the masquerade . 
  maaaaaaaaaaaaybe . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't understand this . 
  what language is it written ? 
  english ? 
  i usually disregard these posts on facebook , in what ever language they might be .
