  yes , i do know russian . 
  i would like to study the language better , maybe we can be pen pals ? 
  anyways , you continue to go straight - to the left you should see some cars heading to the otay border crossing , just a hint in case you wish to visit san diego - and there should be some green signs guiding you to the consulate . 
  it * can * be tricky because you actually have to continue forward , give a giant u turn on the right and get inside a small plaza with an italian restaurant there . 
  it 's called ` guissepies '' . 
  streets ? 
  no , i 'm sorry , i do n't know them really . 
  frankly , nobody here uses streets to find our way . 
  i refer you the plaza too because it 's better to park there to avoid any fees . 
  there should be another mall just in front the plaza . 
  some meters behind it there is a large white building . 
  that 's your target . 
  even if you * do * find the building and work around to get parked , a van might bring suspicion and you know how paranoid the americans are . 
  you 'd think that with how they preach they are ` safe ' and ` welcoming ' , they would n't build a large fence to shield themselves . 
  hmm ? 
  wow !, 
  i did n't knew you where from russia !, 
  guess you 're somebody from ensenada then . 
  you got a schedule with them today ? 
  do n't worry , they are n't really that troublesome . 
  you 'll get your visa in no time . 
  i 'm sure of it !, 
  best of luck though !, 
  * a long time ago , there was a land that was blessed by the goddesses . 
  it was fertile , bountiful , full of life . 
  from the blue skies above to the lowest of grounds ; active volcanoes and sleeping snowy mountains . 
  flowing crystal water , soil which could be tampered to create new materials and crafts . 
  supervised by their divine eye , the goddesses made sure that every bit was balanced accordingly and that there was nothing to be wasted , nothing that went missing . 
  the population of the lands were happy , for they knew that anything they wished was at their reach , the simple necessities for a comfortable living were available to all and everyone . 
  having witness their land 's progress long enough , the goddesses left their land towards their own not without leaving them with the energy needed to supervise and maintain that perfect balance . 
  the population grew , the people organized themselves and called their land aethea , ` bountiful gift ' . 
  aethea became more organized , with tribes adapting to the conditions each part of the land offered , creating kingdoms , tending the land each of them had agreed to take on . 
  in the end , they were all united by the desire to keep peace among each other . 
  but as it is expected , such can not last for too long . 
  beings of free will can also have thoughts of hatred and self destruction . 
  domination . 
  using a mystical energy of his own and starting a war among the nations in aethea , he began his quest to conquer and rule upon all of the land , becoming not only king but god with the help of the energy left by the goddesses . 
  armed with valor , 6 warriors rose up - from commoner to noble knight - to fight against this menace that threatened their cherished peace and holy balance each representing a region and thus one of the energies that supported aethea as it was . 
  the quest was long , the battles and struggles vicious but in the end the mythical warriors were able to face their nemesis . 
  when their leader , the knight of ice , was to slain the perpetrator he was met with a shocking surprise : said enemy was a sibling of the one he loved the most and was also the priestess in charge of keeping the 6 energies chained together to obtain balance . 
  unable to hurt her in any way and fearing what may come , the warriors cast upon a seal using their sealed energies to bring the dark lord to an end . 
  he would not die , but be thrown away to an abyss , his power stripped away and encased in a black onyx . 
  the warrior 's battle was over , so was their life . 
  unaware , the central kingdom of aethea - which was the capital of all kingdoms and tribes - was too sealed in the void , it 's faith unknown . 
  ruins remain . 
  it has been 500 years since that quest which defeated the dark lord , but while the efforts of the mythical warriors was suffice to stop the war the decay was too pronounced to detain . 
  the world lays broken , torn in uncertainty and unbalance . 
  the elder kingdoms crumbling and the tribes struggling to survive . 
  in the southern ice tribe - barely covered in snow - a legend has been spread lately . 
  one regarding the return of the mythical warriors to aethea once it was at it 's most dire . 
  in a small village of the southern ice tribe , a boy in tattered clothes begins to look around for his younger sister , unaware of the events that are to change his fate forever . 
  hmm , by any casualty , is this inspired from a recent question in / r/explainlikeiama ? 
  ~ ~ i 'm interested btw , i 'll write a prompt when i get home ~ ~, 
  i know that , which makes me just as jittery as hell . 
  right now , the one i bought here in reddit seems legit . 
  ` e ' logo and all . 
  we 'll see once i have it in my hands . 
  alright !, 
  [ i only have one picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9ncp6gj.jpg ) - i did ask him for one before i stashed money - and it seems legit , specially with your explanation . 
  some usually fail at the `` rated e '' logo on the lower left corner . 
  also , i do notice that the tag has a metallic sheen , something that most fake games wo n't do . 
  sadly , it 's too blurry to get if there are any of the embossed letters on the sticker ( and that part for some reason got torn off 0 . 
  0 ; ) but , i hopefully have landed on a legit game ; v ; < 3, 
  \\* nod \\* . 
  sadly , i do n't have a gba ( this is going for my so who has a dsl ) to play it on but i will check the details . 
  if not , i 'll put the guy 's name up . 
  though i do n't think it 'll be necessary . 
  hopefully : p, 
  as somebody who is apalled by the lack of color/design options for the 3ds xl , ** please make it so ** . 
  sadly the purple one is only for the regular 3dx and the closest to white is that pink one . 
  ergh . 
  i too am in requirement of one of those : p, 
  not many , but i have heard stories of how once they put on their fedoras they started to grow a generous beard . 
  most of them stay praising our fedoras but never putting them on . 
  one time , one of them brought a fundie to my store and he not only became enlightened but suddenly grew a beard and decided to buy a ps4 . 
  it 's these bits that keep me happy at work . 
  that was so cruel . 
  i felt my own heart go to bits . 
  i never thought i 'd see a non pixar cgi disney movie that 'd convey such emotion . 
  . . . there were climaxes ? 
  i thought it was more of . 
  . i do n't know `` let 's just wrap it like this '' sort of thing . 
  ergh , i 'll see my offline options first but interesting choice 0 . 
  you know your country is fucked when a * north korean * says your country is not very good . 
  i-i 'm going to weep in a corner , please do n't expect me back in a while . 
  on o que mala onda . 
  de una vez , ve salvando el post, 
  bravo , you magnificent bastard . 
  enjoy your well deserved karma and reddit gold . 
  i want one of those mewtwo plushies . 
  my soul for once of those mewtwo plushies !, 
  and i 'm looking for black myself , for my so . 
  was n't at walmart or best buy . 
  i 'm scared , i 'll admit it . 
  i never expected it to come this far . 
  i did n't want it to end in this way . 
  i really never expected him to be the one who would come all the way here to end my life , though by now i would n't be surprised if he did . 
  i can hear the screams and the machine guns shooting outside the walls of the tower where i have found shelter , writting this latest entry of my life . 
  my last entry . 
  there 's but smoke , fire .
