  see if anybody cares for your ` meme ' . 
  i do n't care . 
  do you see me care ? 
  well i do n't . 
  in the end , i 'll be still alive . 
  still alive . 
  ~ ~ holy crap here i go ~ ~, 
  good evening , mr. jefferson . 
  let me close this door for you . 
  i shall spare you the details . 
  i come from a time further than yours . 
  i came to talk about a project you and your colleges have . 
  one which i have learned to despite . 
  you still do n't know ? 
  allow me to explain . 
  a week ago , on the fourth of july , you and your fellow men have signed down a document detailing your plans to become independent from the united kingdom . 
  a good challenge with a great outcome , i will confess , although the consequences in latter times will be the most loathed . 
  no , i am not here in the name of the king . 
  i come for my own reasons . 
  i have come here to tell you tonight why your dream will fail . 
  how your dream will become corrupted and hated . 
  the next few weeks , a great battle is sure to happen . 
  independence shall be gained - only because the english will be too busy facing france as well - and you shall rise as a fledgling ready to explore the world . 
  your actions will inspire other nations in this same continent to battle their own slavers , that one who has used and sacked their lands and taken away their resources . 
  spain 's empire shall fall , all thanks to the inspiration your people will give in this ferocious fight . 
  land of the free , home of the brave . 
  liberty and justice for all . 
  but that is where the dream ends and the nightmare begins . 
  yes , mr. jefferson , the future of this country is grim and terrifying and far worse the fate of those who are to encounter it 's path . 
  once you cease to exist , the dream will all be but a memoir . 
  a war against the british on 1812 will shake the nation and begin to tear it apart . 
  the natives of the country you wish to form will be eradicated , vanished from their ancestral lands with their only sin being that they are n't ` civilized ' enough . 
  black people , slaves , will continue to be seen as so even after 150 years . 
  emancipation occurs before but the racism and discrimination remains . 
  a ` divine ' manifest shall occur to your congressmen in which they have the right as designed by ` god ' to sack and rule upon other nations - much like england does in your time . 
  in 1847 you shall ravish and burn the pride of a nation , taking advantage of it 's already pitiful situation akin to attacking a blind cripple . 
  the lust and need for territory will continue until what is left of the spanish conquest is taken away from it . 
  lands that were n't in need of intervention . 
  lands acquired and mistreated , treated with a stick . 
  the need of power will grow onto your politicians , driving them to insanity and megalomania . 
  not all the money in the world can quench them , not all the resources of the land . 
  the united states will become a greedy pig , feeding upon it 's portion of land but also on the portion of others , not leaving spoils . 
  it will become a paranoid land where privacy will be relinquished and where food wo n't even be grown in the fields . 
  the ideas of freedom are measured , justice has a price and equality appeases the mindless masses who thump upon a millenary book that has no changes . 
  these people will also love to attach you to said book , said doctrine , said way of thought in which the minorities are invisible and the drive of the country is to consume more and more . 
  mr. jefferson , what i have said are not lies . 
  your people will persecute , maim and even deceive others into achieving their goals . 
  false flags , false information , false witness . 
  a victim of it 's own actions always in the brink of falling . 
  selfish , corrupt , going on incredible strides to obtain what they want at any cost . 
  i 've seen how your nation - one that convulses on itself - has decided to become the new world empire and dictate the rules as it pleases . 
  cheap labor using slaves , causing wars , causing massacres , all for profit , how is it that you think i feel knowing that i am close to such beast suffering and being treated worse than spoils ? 
  how do you think my people feel ? 
  how do you think the people of those ravaged countries feel ? 
  being used , forced to follow orders they can not even begin to comprehend . 
  how ?!, 
  i ask you . 
  how ?!, 
  your dream , is this world 's worst nightmare . 
  what you are * trying * to avoid is exactly what it shall become , if not worse . 
  . that is all i have to say to you . 
  good night . 
  sleep well . 
  well , what are the odds ? 
  if i have to say it , it 's kind of your fault since you introduced me to reddit and all . 
  n-no , no !, 
  w-wait !, 
  i can explain !, 
  listen !, 
  it was not for the reasons you think !, 
  see , you know about / r/cringepics , right ? 
  yeah !, 
  that place where they talk about stupid things going on reddit and elsewhere ? 
  well , i saw this photo on there and decided to take a look . 
  and i was like `` er . . wow !, 
  this kind of places exist ? 
  is n't this kind of illegal ? '', 
  so i started to browse and well . 
  . what do you know ? 
  titties . 
  lots and lots of them . 
  i have to say that i was kind of jealous myself because well . 
  ya know how i like them . 
  b-but !, 
  t-then i thought about . 
  well , you know i draw characters and anatomy is n't my best friend . 
  and since they are * so * willing to show pics nude , i was like `` why the fuck not ? '', 
  i can even show you the pictures i drew , see how much i 've improved ? 
  look , if you want , i 'll stop visiting that place . 
  it 's not like i did n't use deviant art for stock photos or what not . 
  oh , the comments you found ? 
  compliments , really . 
  nothing too bad . 
  again , as i told you , i 'm kind of jealous i ca n't have them titties : p, 
  you can have mine if you want . 
  you want to show me what ? 
  what do you mean hidden reddit ? 
  \u00a1 ya paren !, 
  anne frankly did n't see that one coming . 
  f-flair , sir ?
