  it 's ... odd ) , i 'm not sure if the one down in sin knows . 
  imho , post in english . 
  it 's much easier for both of us . 
  if you do use google translate ... er . . good luck ? 
  goodness !, 
  10 years ?!, 
  has it been really that long ? 
  i suggest you auctioning the sofa when ever it gives out . 
  i 'm sure fans will fight to the death for it . 
  that 's where the profit lies : gladiatior fight bets . 
  la chancha de futbol americano se ve bastante pro , igual el gimnacio ( que pens\u00e9 lo iban a construir en el cielo . 
  that ... actually seems like an interesting idea . 
  i could totally poke that . 
  what ?!, 
  when did this happen ? 
  nooooooooo !, 
  based god sakurai is based . 
  i 'm a girl and i like games ... 
  should i start a kickstarter to subsidize my living ( and maybe do something else ? ), 
  got the last one at gamestop with the box a bent ... then found a bunch of them in target in pristine form . 
  so yeah , they are being stocked and it 's no longer exclusive, 
  shit . . 
  i got late , not a question but ... here it goes . 
  hello mr. woz , you may not remember me but i remember you . 
  you were over here in tj about 4 years ago and i was working backstage the set of tijuana innovadora making sure things were ok before your conference . 
  it was awesome meeting you and my godfather got very jealous of me when i told him i got my ipod signed while he missed his chance of getting his original apple ii manual signed ( which he still considers the best computer ever ) . 
  from here comes my small question : what happened the silver sharpie i lent you for signing stuff ? 
  i tried to ask around if you left it somewhere but nobody could answer , i was too shy to even dare to ask if you left it somewhere and i 'm pretty sure that due to how timeframes worked and all , there was really no chance to recover it . 
  so uh ... yeah . 
  i hope it found a nice home with you and that you had a nice time in tj while you were around here . 
  uh , so ... 
  i 'm in mexico . 
  i 'm not sure if they can ever consider me applying : |, 
  if you buy kotaku , may i be a writter/content creator ? 
  i 'm sure they 'll want real gamer girls in there t 7 =, 
  you know , this is all convincing me to just quit my job , start some kickstarter about making something about videogame chicks ( starting me !, 
  a gamer girl !!!, 
  ! 111/s ) and i 'd be filthy fucking rich rather than stay at my * engineering * work and do some changes in how processes are made . 
  but what ever , i * know * this is going to bite her in the ass hard . 
  mark my words . 
  she ca n't rely on pettiness and ` harassment ' forever . 
  i 'm just posting here to let you know you 've just raped me . 
  ~ ~ now where are my 36k usd ? ~ ~, 
  i 'm bi - shrug -, 
  i do n't usually care how this relates to anything i do but er . . yeah . 
  apparently we are unicorns . 
  i 'm also female and technically a poc so i 'm sure the very sight of me here makes a lot of people 's mind explode . 
  i like to think i do , because it 's funny hearing the sound of their head popping like popcorn . 
  er . . yeah . 
  now if you excuse me , i have ~ ~ to waste more time at reddit ~ ~ stem things to do at my work, 
  aw , you missed the chance of joking how much you like to put ` chile a tus tacos ' . 
  hmmm , chile ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  basically , that 's canon lois . 
  the lois i did n't see in that movie . 
  that movie took away my soul and shattered it ... 
  ... mass effect 3 is on wii u ? 
  ... huh ... 
  still a shame , i 'd rather play them in order than just jump in though : /, 
  the only difference is that mexico is strongly * against * it 's own government . 
  i just do n't know what they are waiting to start making changes , maybe they assume somebody else will do them for them ? 
  or maybe they are too busy working to even bother . 
  it 's kind of sad and i hope they do put some attention to this : (, 
  right now , that 's sadly all we can do . 
  i 'm tired and annoyed by those people who ( mostly on facebook ) say how we should stand up and start some sort of heroic revolution , burn the senate , murder our politicians . 
  we had a revolution on 1910 and that was worth shit . 
  regardless of what anybody says about diaz ( who was basically the reason why the revolution started ) , he had fortified the country over the course of 30 years . 
  suddenly , that is just thrown to waste . 
  30 to 40 years before the country stabilizes and stuff begin to progress and then it all goes back to shit . 
  it 's a vicious cycle that can not be tackled by violence and passion alone . 
  thought and effort is needed , but more than anything patience and perseverance . 
  i applaud the effort of the ones that are making these leaks possible , allowing others to realize what 's ( kind of obvious but ... ) going on . 
  going head on to revolt would be a stupid idea but the fact that people are starting to talk about it more makes me think we are on our way to a slow but progressive change . 
  yeah , we 'll have to wait and see but more than anything we ca n't lose focus that things are happening around us anymore . 
  mexican amiibo collector here . 
  i live by the border so it 's easier to get them amiibos easier . 
  if you 'd like , i can be your broker . 
  on the other hand , amazon mexico works fantastic and delivery is really fast !, 
  i was amazed that they delivered my lucas amiibo as promised . 
  as a mexican , i can confirm this post is true . 
  he 's the worst kind of nigerian prince with 5 kids that lives in my country . 
  his base of operations is currently in sinaloa where he makes deal with our corrupt government while supporting donald trump . 
  i like postcards : d, 
  i 'd like one 0 w0 < 3, 
  androgyny is so delicious . 
  i 'd like to add what people call `` cuntboys '' on the list . 
  there is something about being in between that just makes me excited though oddly enough i am not into futas that much : /, 
  i know spanish , i can translate stuff from english if needed ( actually , i was originally hired at my current work as a translator , so yeah ) . 
  not sure if you 'd like a video made by me though ^ ^ ;, 
  - raises hand for spanish - \u00bf qu\u00e9 pex ? 
  where 's the chorizo in the mexican pizza ? 
  and as far as i know , we do n't use tortillas as base in the mexican pizza . 
  it usually goes like this : pizza bread , mashed pinto beans , mozzarela or mexican cheese blend , jalape\u00f1os , onion , chorizo , bell pepper and sometimes ham or olives . 
  but most mexican pizza have the bell peppers , onion and chorizo . 
  does this mean they 'll shut down ff.net , wattapad and the fanfic section of deviantart ? 
  - reads article -, 
  ... hah , good luck with that . 
  as a tijuanense , i 'm happy to hear people * like * tijuana . 
  reddit ( and even / r/mexico ~ ~ buti ` msuretheyarejealousofourswag ~ ~ ) does n't exactly seem to like tj and the city is very noble despite having these sort of cases happening about . 
  i only wish people would separate shitty administration to the people that live here . 
  nah , it 's cool .
