  peter 's stance became stiff , observing her every move . 
  `` we 'll have ` ta walk down the ol' river . 
  you 'll see soon if ya like it here . '', 
  there was dust on the ground and downtown was an accomulation of old scattered structures which once were malls or bussiness centers . 
  despite all that , he was glad to find people walking around without schedules or arranged lives , children playing outside unafraid and unsupervsed , food stands offering substitutes for old recipes . 
  peter smiled , looking at their simple lives . 
  difficult as it may be living without all the comodities , it was the price to pay for their sense of freedom . 
  `` it 's been 25 years , you know ? '', 
  she joined peter . 
  her voice had even changed to a much more calm and educated tone . 
  `` nobody aided us . 
  nobody wanted to , so we had to do it on our own . 
  and now , here we are . 
  it 's a slow progress but we are rather proud of what we 've been able to build . '', 
  it was then when peter , nodding satisfactingly , found his utopia . 
  i 'm basically the leo dicaprio/jack dawson at my work 's titanic . 
  at this point , though , i 'm ready to let go of that goddamned door . 
  it made me * design * a lawyer character for one of my stories . 
  does that count ? 
  they call it ' x day ' . 
  i can barely remember any of it , but from the darkness of my subconscious i 've gathered the following information :, 
  it was a thursday evening , summer time full of emerging cicadas . 
  i was holding my dying mother in my arms , glaring at the sky and shouting what i could only assume are angry words . 
  i remember the cicadas dying out of the sound of a helicopter nearing by . 
  i clutched her close to me , her frail body corrupted by the same enhancements that once made her a fearsome assassin . 
  then there was a boom on a distance ; it made the earth shake underneath and the next thing i could see was white . 
  i do n't know how i survived or why i did survive . 
  200 years have gone since that burst of light made my world , my purpose and past fade . 
  i 'm stuck here without a clue as to what will come next . 
  all i know is , there is this need to survive . 
  `` oi , ichimura '' a young man 's voice snapped me out of my thoughts . 
  i turned my head towards his voice . 
  he was carrying a pulse cannon rather proudly in his arms . 
  `` check this out !, 
  the chief told me i was clear to use this . 
  think we can go and practice outside ? '', 
  `` i was under the assumption we were going to end the war , not destroy what 's left of the country ... '' i replied dryly , trying to hide an amused smile . 
  `` shesh , after all we 've been through you still doubt my potential ? 
  just 'cause you have those augmentations does n't mean i ca n't tag along . 
  that 's actually the * point * of doing so : i want to be able to take guys just as big as you '', 
  `` and what makes you think they 'll face you ? 
  at most , you are nothing more than a bother . 
  you 're quite bothersome , i 'll have you know . '', 
  few survived . 
  the scraps of humanity that remained , as per humanity 's nature would predict it so , would split into factions to decide what would be the next step . 
  from what i can gather , there are two major factions : the cyberians , humans who have enhanced their lives with artificial limbs and supports and were both blessed and cursed by the touch of ` azure ' - a mutagen substance that can either help blossom a new kind of lifeform or corrupt it into a putrid radioactive goo that ironically can be used as a weapon or energy source . 
  on the other hand we have the regular flesh bags that either live in the opulence of sky high edens or crawl in the shadows like roaches . 
  either one is as good or as bad as their next of kin . 
  in the heat of the cyber wars , cyberians tried to use their own cursed blood to try to bring a full conquest , without realizing the kinds of monsters such abuse would bring , depleting themselves into pools of the azure that fuels the humans sealed in their fake heavens . 
  it 's funny really : despite the obvious advantage , we are in even ground . 
  our weaknesses becomes other being 's strength . 
  is this really the way it was intended from the beginning ? 
  i 'm honestly tired of it all . 
  `` say , you think they 're gon na be mad at ya for not being on their side ? '', 
  the young man swung the canon towards his shoulder , wrapping his arm around it once it was set . 
  `` whose side ? 
  humans ? 
  is there really a difference ? 
  it is even known how the humans have had their hands on some of their enemies to make some experiments on . 
  * questionable * experiments , all for the sake of wining . 
  do you know what the humans will win if they trample down on the cyberians completely ? '', 
  i chuckled `` where the hell will the sky towns get their fuel ? '', 
  `` it 's still kind of strange you are fighting alongside us though '' he scratched his head . 
  `` what 's in it for you ? 
  why are you doing this ? '', 
  i stood up from the bed i was sat on . 
  my 8 feet of height easily looming onto him . 
  i made him flinch a bit even . 
  in all honesty , i never really wanted anything with the war i woke upon . 
  decimation , treason , death . 
  that 's all i could see around . 
  among that though , i found the least expected thing down in ` ground ' : hope . 
  the hope that despite all that had happened and continues to happen , humanity would and can prosper . 
  `` i 'll be warming up outside . '', 
  i said as i walked by him , exiting the room . 
  `` do n't be late '', 
  silly people , why would carmen san diego be hiding there ? 
  that 's what tijuana is for ... 
  about time !, 
  now i can get my sister to play all the main ds games . 
  i 'm just sad it 's not on android still , i 'd love to have it on my phone . 
  oh well , guess we 'll see if they do something about it later . 
  edit : it 's coming for google play too . 
  hell yes !!, 
  john 's phone woke him up that morning with a loud buzz . 
  he had probably left it in vibrate mode instead of silence , he thought as he flopped his hand on the night table beside them to fetch said device and see what the whole fuzz was about . 
  being the only notification showing on his lock screen , he proceeded to read the e-mail that had brought him out of slumber at 4 am ; the sender was his co-worker and 2nd only employee at the small programming firm they had started . 
  he groaned , muttering something about having little than 1 hour of sleep after throwing one of his typical one nighters to compile their latest project . 
  from : edwards , richard, 
  sent : monday , january 25 , 2016 , 4:16 am, 
  to : lopez , john, 
  subject : could you check this out ? 
  ( e-mail attached ), 
  attached : re : debugging project - confidential . 
  john ,, 
  sorry for bothering you so early in the morning , although knowing how you work you 're probably awake anyways . 
  i got this e-mail from a potential customer about 2 weeks ago . 
  i think i told you about him : the one with the super long trenchcoat , remember ? 
  basically , all he wanted me to do is to double check that his program was n't riddled with bugs . 
  i was kind of confused as to why he wanted another programmer to do that but eh , business is business and if we can get some extra from debugging , what the heck .
