  i-i 'm so-sorry . 
  i quite can not understand what you mean . 
  do you mean the tag that goes with my name ? 
  i-i must apologize but , it seems i do not own one . 
  it is my understanding that people who obtain tags - flairs . 
  yes , flairs - have done something to earn them . 
  something memorable . 
  for instance , your flair ... . 
  oh , i 'm sorry , it appears i can not see it from my device . 
  it can happen to , encryption and all . 
  my undestanding is that : flairs are like tags assigned to a person for a certain deed , that way other people can recognize them . 
  i am simply a caddet , sir , brand new and in training . 
  that is why i do not hold one . 
  t-that is all ? 
  data leak ? 
  i-i 'm not quite su-sure . 
  that ca n't be , can it ? 
  y-yes , have a good day yourself ... . 
  * this is da mangaka . 
  i have succesfully infiltrated the nsa . 
  i have obtained the information and data regarding the flairs if agent monkpreston and others affiliated to a certain group of interest . 
  stand by for more info . 
  how the hell sid you do that ? 
  i need to know your secret !, 
  my sister may be straight but she loves rainbow-colored trats and this looks amazing . 
  ~ ~ i also want to make some for myself ~ ~, 
  i have an idea for a t-shirt : california - you ca n't stop the fabulous : p. 
  idaho is cool too, 
  the tick !, 
  that show was just simply epic . 
  i used to remember the american cartoon network and how much i loved to go to my aunt 's house to just go and watch it . 
  it had such great shows . 
  granted , the mexican cartoon network not only had good cartoons but * anime * in a daytime schedule including an uncensored version of dbz , but i just loved to listen to the english dub of many of the things i watched . 
  there were so many cartoons , shows and all and i saw them first before they decided to throw them in here . 
  i remember the new adventures of johnny quest , dexter 's lab , megas xlr , the ppg and all those sort of things that took you to a world of imagination and excitement . 
  nowadays it 's just loud things . 
  imagine if somebody stood in front of you and waved a rattle in front of you and threw some strobe lights . 
  that 's how i see cartoons nowadays and in general . 
  nickelodeon held up really well until they started with the teen shows themselves . 
  nothing bad with them - drake and josh made me laugh a lot and kennan and kel were awesome - but the formula has gone dull and it just shows preppy kids whose problems are held by hollow plots and just not my taste . 
  oh , and of course , looks and everything matter . 
  why not ? 
  now , cartoon network in america has just started to roll the shows they * know * they 'll get ratings from and the ones worldwide have done so to . 
  they do n't care or listen to the viewers - for example , the controversy here in mexico over the dubbing of db kai . 
  none of the original dubbers came back and the new dub was * horrible * . 
  i 'm sure they could pay them good money considering the show has a * huge * fan base here . 
  - and just stuff with stuff they know little kids will chew without a thought . 
  it just makes me sad and disappointed that after 6 months without the channel , upon getting it back , it 's the disaster it is . 
  same with nickelodeon . 
  i now have to rely on the internet or boomerang to see shows from the past . 
  i take my time to enjoy it . 
  i sometimes feel like i 'm too connected and who ca n't say they are n't since we are living in a time where the internet is practically everywhere . 
  so i just lay on my bed , listen to music and relax = v =, 
  i can get one over here . 
  there 's a big market for old consoled . 
  the problem is that these are american ( ntsc ) consoles . 
  i am not sure they 'd work in europe , though : (, 
  i love this idea !, 
  sometimes , one feels unable to gift or help because you do n't have the resources to buy somebody a gift but now . 
  ~ ~ with your powers combined , i am captain planet ! ~ ~, 
  thanks so much for letting this happen !!, 
  ~ ~ also , to those waiting on postcards ... they are happening . 
  life has taken a toll on me ; ; 7 ; ; < / 3 ~ ~, 
  november . 
  it was cold outside , yet i had the window wide open . 
  the official that entered my waiting quarters presented himself with what i presumed to be a mixture of respect and fear . 
  fear was a usual stench in the nations we had grasped , specially in the building i was . 
  it was where we concentrated the most of it . 
  these were our ` fear factories ' from where we produced and distributed it across our side of the iron curtain . 
  i did n't exactly see him , but i sensed him . 
  fear . 
  the scent permeates into your mind and burns itself in it . 
  you know what it is and your job is to deliver it . 
  each person was different , so it had to be manufactured from scratch . 
  the silence broke when i started to stand up slowly from the metal chair , creaking as i did so . 
  i looked at him without any empathy nor emotion and blinked fully awake . 
  `` do you have the documents , comrade ? '', 
  i asked , raising my hand enough to extend my palm towards him . 
  he handed me a gray carpet bundled with papers and photographs . 
  and informant he was . 
  double agent . 
  the kind of people that would annoy me if i had the sense of annoyance back in those days . 
  i scanned the papers quickly to make sure they were in place and gave him a slow nod . 
  `` spaciba . 
  you may leave . '', 
  he saluted again and left without a word . 
  i paced around the room , re-reading the documents that ivan had made me arrived weeks prior : tall , handsome , one meter and eighty . 
  he was an american ex-soldier that stayed in berlin and soon saw the filth of the ` west world ' . 
  at least that 's what he was known to say . 
  he defected to the east - a rather rare occurrence even for us - where he stayed and soon joined the party . 
  everything checked well with him until there were quiet whispers about him actually working with the enemy . 
  he was loyal - so did the report say - and would jump into a fire if told to do so . 
  i was not impressed , i recall , for i had the idea that was how citizens were meant to act in any case . 
  if the party demands your life , you are to surrender it and leave quietly . 
  if the party deems you unworthy , you are erased from existence . 
  god , those thoughts . 
  repulsive . 
  how could i. . 
  no , i really did n't have any space to think back then , did i ? 
  i walked down the hall and down the stairs to my direction , having memorized the steps and turns to my direction at the ` hall of truth ' , as i had heard some others mutter , without ever taking my sight from the papers in my hands , reading every single detail .
