  * if you have decided to stay longer than 7 days , please visit the visitor 's booth just by the border control to pay a small fee for an ` extended visit ' document . 
  otherwise , you 're good to go . 
  * * san ysidro only * it 'll happen the same as above but you 'll have to pick a line . 
  there is a mexican/citizens only fast lane and an ` everyone else ' one . 
  although you could be a smart ass and jump to the mexican one ( and they 'll mumble about it ) without consequence , do please stick to your line . 
  it 's a bit long on weekends , i 'm told . 
  after that , your documentation will be checked briefly and you * may * need to put your bag on a conveyor belt . 
  once you 're done , head to some stairs and you 're good to go . 
  - crossing back to the us -, 
  * put documentation in this pillar-reading station, 
  * wait for the border security guard to call you, 
  * present visa/card to agent, 
  * `` where are you headed to ? '', 
  * border agent nods , types some stuff and lets you pass . 
  * if you have a bag or anything of the sort , put it on the conveyor belt . 
  do not put yourself on the conveyor belt as much fun as it is . 
  * welcome to the united states of america !, 
   will my phone work ? 
  my father has an american phone for his job . 
  his carrier is at&t and it works rather fine * most * of the time . 
  then again , i do n't know if that 'll be the case with a more commercial plan ( he has a business line ) . 
  i have n't heard much about how well us carriers work in tj but by the looks of it , t-mobile is the best one so far . 
   google said there are wrestling matches , and i am hoping they are like nacho libre , how do i find one to watch when i am there ? 
  well , they * kind * of are as cheesy as they feature in nacho libre and there is quite the following here ( if i recall , there is actually a brand new museum for wrestling . 
  let me double check that . 
  they 've been opening quite the stuff in tj lately , like some anime maid cafe , a collectionist museum , a * comics * cafe and other weird but interesting stuff ) . 
  the matches have always been at friday on `` el auditorio '' ( which is a huge dome thing ) next to plaza galer\u00edas . 
  you can ask your uber driver / regular citizen and they 'll guide you right to it . 
  it 's rather hard to miss . 
  but yeah , if you want to watch a wrestling match , those are on friday . 
  i think the ticket 's about 80 mxn / 4 usd . 
  chairs are included . 
  if you have any questions , just shoot me a pm and i 'll see what i can do : p, 
  now i feel bad for crashing onto him about 10 years ago ; ; ;, 
  : / i really wish i knew programming ... or lived in the uk . 
  the benefits looks amazing . 
  nope , mexico . 
  we do get paid holidays and we actually * do * have quite the benefits ( like state sponsored healthcare , a payoff if laid off , rollover vacation days , etc ) but the system is sort of shitty and tilted towards the employer . 
  min . 
  wage here starts at 3 usd a * day * depending your state . 
  sick days do not exist here unless you bring a leaflet from the imss ( our version of your nhs ) that proofs that you indeed lost your left arm while working some molding machine * and * therefore they approve you to have said days off . 
  i 'm just happy to be an engineer , though i wish i could afford to move out by myself . 
  things are kind of changing though , but i 'm not exactly sure if for the positive or the negative . 
  2018 will be a fun year . 
  well , the good thing is that we do get ( most of the time ) paid ot . 
  that or you get a second job selling stuff or doing something else . 
  it 's a bit complex to explain how the labor situation is here : it is kind of shitty , but it is highly exploitable by * both * parties ( employer and employee ) if you know how to . 
  problem comes when only the employer knows how to and the employee is at their expense . 
  funny enough , this is happening nowadays with newer generations of bachelor titled kids who ca n't get a job because of artificial blockades and what not . 
  but , at least in my city , that made these young people start to develop small business . 
  really interesting to see . 
  i myself want would like to work full time as an illustrator but i 'd love to have my own place first . 
  thus why i 'm here . 
  this ... this is the first time i 've heard a muse song and gone ` meh ' . 
  that 's ... * really * rare . 
  this is coming from somebody who likes revolt and enjoys guiding light . 
  heck , even execution commentary has more sense than this . 
  are they trying to hit mainstream ? 
  there are better ways to do it honestly . 
  if i were to use this on a movie , i 'd put it on the credits since i know nobody is going to stay after the thing is done . 
  and i 'm not talking about the marvel movies . 
  i do n't know honestly . 
  even the music video is uninspiring . 
  come on , guys , you 're better than this ... 
  actually , the financial crisis you are talking about is something we call `` el error de diciembre '' and has nothing to do with nafta , but was * heavily * made worse thanks to it . 
  around december of 1994 , the exiting mexican government ( lead by salinas ) ~ ~ stole ~ ~ took a bunch of cash from pensions , people 's savings ( fobaproa ) and international reserves , causing the economy to tank . 
  because the bonds , savings and own coins went to crap , a lot of people become poor from one day to another and thus were forced to migrate from their places of origin . 
  with nafta in place , this just made it * worse * , since a bunch of the affected were farmers who could n't compete with the us and thus were forced to fled further up . 
  tl ; dr - mexican government fucked up the economy , stole the countries reserves on dec 1994 and nafta just made poor people poorer . 
  metroid fucking prime effing 4 ?!!!!, 
  where is my wallet ? 
  nope . 
  just stay out of obviously shady areas and you 'll be fine : ), 
  not really . 
  downtown tj is relatively safe and tourist friendly . 
  as long as you do n't cause trouble or meddle around where you are n't called , you should be ok . 
  though , i 'm curious : what is the purpose of your visit ? 
  perhaps i can help : p, 
  kurain village !, 
  i remember taking a peek around there when i visited la about 2 months ago . 
  really small place but 's nice to see the strong asian influence . 
  you could even say you got transported to japan and all . 
  it 's sad that this sort of thing happened , but considering how remote it is from the main city ( about an hour further away via train actually !, 
  ) , it would be the perfect place to murder somebody . 
  - cries - i wish i had tickets for friday ... 
  a friend and i tried going to last year 's panel and there are people doing a line * since 8 am in the morning * ... if not earlier . 
  this is also not in the convention center per-se but on one of the hotels nearby . 
  good luck !, 
  [ the cover of a manga i 'm working on ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3ft2qef.jpg ), 
  what is . 
  this exactly . 
  * where am i ? 
  de hecho , [ hay una nota ] ( https://eclipse.aas.org/resources/solar-filters ) por la misma nasa advirtiendo sobre la compra de lentes para el eclipse que son t\u00e9cnicamente falsos y que estan pululando en amazon . 
  copic markers . 
  i 'm collecting them all . 
  i recently bought one of those plastic transparent 72 copic marker blocks . 
  though i was sincerely surprised to find that i had more than 72 . 
  when i carry them along , i put them on a make-up bag my dad gifted me : p, 
  i can do digital and traditional , but i feel that i can `` feel '' the colors better on traditional mediums . 
  i dunno why .
