  therefore , this newmew can be either :, 
  * a `` failed '' try from the mewtwo experimentation that managed to survive but is n't as strong as the `` original '' . 
  * team plasma 's first run on gene splicing , using the info from team rocket . 
  the results were not the same thus this form . 
  it can also explain why genesect ( who the pokedex says it was an ancient pokemon revived ) does n't look anything to what i asume could be a kabutops or armaldo ( just a thought from some creepypastas i 've seen ) . 
  they deemed this newmew a success in the process to go further and create the genesect army . 
  * [ new ! ], 
  actually a new form of mewtwo as his powers awaken ? 
  the trailer of the movie does end with who i think is dr. fuji ( the voice sounds much like him ) saying `` you have n't seen mewtwo 's * true * form yet '', 
  a least plausible but possible theory might also be that mewtwo got lonely and made himself a companion . 
  this is odd , but \\* shrug \\*, 
  so , thoughts on this ? 
  ~ edited for formatting and adding info . 
  if you want , i can send you the charger : d, 
  well , let 's see what he says . 
  so far you and him are the ones who have requested this . 
  i only have 1 charger , but 's better than none : p, 
  i bought one of those in a pride parade in ny city some 2 years ago . 
  thing is , i gave it to my so as a gift . 
  the parade will be on june this year so , i could buy you one if you want : d. 
  ~ ~ heck , i could buy you guys one if you want . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ they shall never find me . 
  pokemon things . 
  mostly plushies and figurines . 
  and apparently , old computers and consoles . 
  more recently , life of pi . 
  a movie i can not stop at crying is the ending of toy story 3 . 
  fucking feels man . 
  having finished my biggest and most epic drawing . 
  i write my signature down , a small text on the back of the paper/canvas and i smile at it . 
  then , i just pop up my headphones and my ithing xs on and listen to my favorite music one last time as i lull myself to sleep . 
  then , i awake at the valhalla . 
  i fell asleep at work - granted , i had to work and study and it was very hard . 
  not to mention finals - and they caught me . 
  kindly they asked me if it was n't better for me to just keep studying and finishing my school . 
  i got my redundancy pay and i skipped away happily . 
  i * hated * the job anyways . 
  welp , i guess flavored capuchinos and donuts are illegal . 
  your turn , police officer . 
  and drinking milk apparently . 
  also , there are rumors that argentina is celebrating too . 
  odd ... 
  i would kill them both i would commit suicide . 
  i think that would be better . 
  i have seen two so far :, 
  * we might have been like 10 or 11 by that time but we once found a bulk at the bottom of a sinkhole ( it was deep ) . 
  we stared at it , threw rocks at it and even one of my friends pissed on it . 
  it was all shit and giggles until the police went in and notified our community that it was a dead man shrouded on that cloth . 
  instead of being terrified , we became more curious and created legends about it . 
  the guy who pissed on him became a pseudo-hero himself . 
  we think that it must have been a junkie that passed by at night . 
  nobody knew . 
  * just recently ( about some 3 weeks ago ) , we passed by what seemed to be the body of a dead motorcycle rider . 
  his head was like stuck on the floor . 
  i could n't stop watching at it . 
  there was something about the angle on how he was on the floor . 
  like he was doing gymnastics . 
  the bad part was that now , i 'm pretty sure i can no longer get my father to allow me to ride a bike myself . 
  yes . 
  . and no . 
  mexican speaking here . 
  you see , the problem is n't so much as the druglords and their drug things but that our government * allows * them to do as they please . 
  they are either too afraid or too committed to them it is ridiculous and even blatantly obvious . 
  for starters , one of the main television outputs - televisa - has now been found to have links to the narco cartels ( with up to 3 of their company cars stashed with cash and cocaine . 
  bonus points on having a relative of a news anchor from the * other * tv rival tv azteca found involved as well ) . 
  televisa is * well * known to be a supporter of the pri - the current party in power . 
  . again - to the point the creator of the company called himself a `` soldier of the pri '' . 
  so , suppose that the drugs are legalized . 
  cool beans guys . 
  but that does n't end with the whole illegal gambling problem - which according the constitution casinos * should n't * even exist but . . they do . 
  hah , well . 
  - human trafficking , child pornography , and other related activities that have become close to a prime source of income . 
  see , these drug lords know that their time might come to an end so they are moving to other activities and the government * lets * them do so . 
  like , for example , letting them buy terrains and buildings for hotels which are to be used for shady businesses , money laundering , and even the ` legal ' monopolies of companies and services . 
  if you really want to stop the drug wars in mexico , yes , go ahead , legalize drugs . 
  but also we 'll need to work so our government stops being a dickhead and actually help us instead of themselves . 
  many states are in bankruptcy because these idiots steal money for themselves and buy these stupidly luxurious houses on the * freaking us *, 
  ~ ~ speaking of stealing money : the banks also help on this process too ~ ~ . 
  it 's too complicated . 
  if only we could be like iceland . 
  buen intento migra . 
  my whole life has been a combat . 
  i suppose that by the time i am dying , drawing something as i do ( with all the shading and coloring and what not . . even if it 's not that spectacular as i want it yet ) will be something * hard * to do . 
  an epic battle between my body and my mind 's desire . 
  that and , pffht , some can go to heaven . 
  why ca n't i go to valhalla ? 
  i want to smash things with my keyscepter . 
  sombreros , mustaches and deserts . 
  mainly that our cities are small clay made houses stuck in the middle of the desert . 
  with cacti and tumbleweeds . 
  i mean , has * any * person gone to mexico city ? 
  that ai n't a tumbleweed area . 
  or sometimes , they do display that we have jungles . 
  but apparently we look like * amazonians * than maya or tolteca . 
  also , not * all * ancient people in mexico were azteca . 
  mel gibson , i 'm looking at you . 
  i 'm going to make this a bit more pristine in photoshop . 
  needs more blue and green , less red . 
  and perhaps widen for widescreen resolution . 
  a parte que la p\u00e1gina de sepomex no est\u00e1 muy bien organizada para que sea user friendly o business friendly como la usps .
