  what now ? '', 
  alone in the world , streetpass flashes . 
  i am the creator of my own reality , goddess to the unknown and tormentor of myself . 
  `` explain me then , what is the meaning behind all this madness ? 
  what purpose has all these secrets you 've unearthed and devices that you 've created serve for ? '', 
  timo 's usually gentle eyes glared at the swedish . 
  the blue eyed blond did not faze at all . 
  he had expected such questions to come sooner or later . 
  `` answer me ! '', 
  there was no reply . 
  bertwald placed the heavy metallic case on the downy snow , crouching and proceeding to open it , ignoring the glaring daggers from the finnish . 
  the latter was getting his constrained anger to a point where he was sure he would n't be able to control . 
  approaching , he reached out to the swedish 's left shoulder , forcibly turning him over to face him again . 
  anger was obvious in his face , but bertwald could n't exactly understand why . 
  `` what 's the whole point of you coming over to this position in the middle of nowhere , in the middle of the night , in * winter * . 
  the swedish ' face was as expressionless as ever , inwardly puzzled and curious at what the finnish was angry of . 
  `` why ? 
  why are you pretending to do ? 
  just tell me already !, 
  are n't we supposed to trust each ot - '', 
  `` i never told you to come . '', 
  bertwald interrupted him , staring at him calmly . 
  a stark contrast between a pair that was n't usually too expressive . 
  `` i just * need * the truth . 
  you go around everywhere saying how you are seeking to unearth the truth but you never tell me what it is . 
  * what * is that truth you are seeking ? 
  how far are you going to obtain it ? 
  you saw what happened to australia and the dangers peter got into ! '', 
  `` he should n't have - '', 
  `` he should n't have but did ! '', 
  the finnish shook him lightly , emotion starting to take over . 
  he felt his own face hot . 
  `` and you did nothing !, 
  you did n't even give him 5 meager minutes of your time to see him at the hospital he was stationed on . 
  all you were thinking when we where on london was about that man who did n't even give you the answers you sought . 
  i saw you face , i saw your disappointment and frustration . 
  i know them because i too pay attention to little details like you . 
  that does n't mean that i will focus my whole time to them ! '', 
  bertwald did n't reply . 
  so , he was n't angry about him not visiting peter . 
  he was angry about it actually , he corrected himself , but the issue of his current streak of emotion is n't about not deciding to visit his adopted son . 
  what drove him to such sense of adrenaline ? 
  perhaps he should have heeded timo 's advice two years ago when sealand hopped on that bike with that strange woman from the future . 
  the one who left that wireless phone device with the data that further intensified his quest for truth . 
  the truth he needed to exploit before anybody else . 
  to grab them while unaware and expose them to the light . 
  they were peeking into people 's lives - and by a technical term , their own - and nobody knew . 
  an assailant in the dark , peeping on everyone 's windows . 
  windows left open . 
  windows . 
  his face turned slightly thoughtful for a very different reason - he had yet to upgrade the kernel of the operating system the alternet ran on to include the possible changes included on the device he had so far called ` telecast ' . 
  appropriated name if it * did * come with a screen . 
  perhaps a work in progress ? 
  another realization : people already had screens . 
  they only needed to be hooked on the system . 
  that was the whole point of his project , was n't it ? 
  finland 's shakes and the affirmation of his own thoughts brought him back to reality . 
  there where signs of timo wanting to cry . 
  cry , in the middle of the harsh winter-battered landscape he had chosen ? 
  perhaps he was the only one who could still shed a tear with success . 
  sad tears for a cold winter in scandinavia . 
  he wanted to raise his hand and take them away the moment they appeared but there was still much to be done . 
  `` will you answer me already ? '', 
  the finnish shook him one last time , noticing the hands of the swedish approaching his . 
  he replied . 
  he began to turn towards the metallic box once more . 
  `` but i can show you . '', 
  the fruit of 2 and a half years of investigation , of work and of coding . 
  backed up by hundreds of years of information , needs and fears . 
  perhaps more fears than needs . 
  he grunted at his own mental comment , making an extra effort on the box to make it sound as if it was the difficulty of maneuvering the box . 
  with gloves , it can get tricky to open . 
  he was n't exactly ready to face icy weather just yet . 
  there would be time for that much later and for a longer period . 
  `` is that . 
  timo peeked , both curious and worried , trying to keep his anger anchored . 
  which ever was n't being consumed by the cold already . 
  `` yes . '', 
  another simple answer . 
  `` what 's the point of bringing that server here ? '', 
  with a switch on the inside of the box , a mechanical ` wirr ' started . 
  more electronic noises , a panel that came out of the box and began to rise - or stack , timo noted - to form what looked like a file cabinet with the distinction of having a top panel with buttons and a small screen . 
  it appeared to be * made * out of an old file cabinet after a better inspection , though he did n't remember any that was white . 
  another ` whirr ' and a side panel slides from under the top one , giving a full work table . 
  timo was fascinated by the device his partner had constructed . 
  he knew the man was a craftsman , but never thought it would go out of furniture of wooden structures . 
  ' * i would n't like to see the manual for how * that * is built . 
  * ' a fleeting thought . 
  `` the satellite should be in situ soon . '', 
  he heard bertwald speak , turning his head to him . 
  `` then , we can begin . '', 
  `` begin what ? '', 
  `` to extract the truth . '', 
  `` the truth ? '', 
  finland looked up the cloudy sky . 
  it would probably take some 15 minutes more before snow would begin to fall down . 
  perhaps a small blizzard . 
  he felt it . 
  what was the point of the machine ? 
  would he leave it alone ?
