  i tried compiling it to see what errors the thing would throw at me but , surprisingly , it would n't run . 
  no matter what kind of trick or compiler i tried , the thing would n't budge . 
  then i remembered : the thing is on some sort of cloud so , maybe that 's why it wo n't run ? 
  i do n't know really , and debugging is more of your thing anyways . 
  could you check that out for me ? 
  the user and password to get to the server 's on the e-mail i attached to you . 
  i 'll give you half of this gig 's pay , regardless of how it turns out ; ), 
  john stared at the screen for about 5 minutes , pondering about the e-mail . 
  without clicking on the attachments , he set the phone on silent and went back to sleep . 
  at noon , after a shower to shake him up awake , he opened his macbook and took another look at the e-mail . 
  john was puzzled at the sudden task he was given but at the same time he was curious about the exposed situation . 
  logical conclusions as to why rick could n't compile it were roaming on his mind as he began to open the attachments : lack of ram , having a read-only privilege set , wrong os ? 
  but rick runs windows most of the time ... maybe he 'll have better luck . 
  the e-mail attached held a small conversation between the customer , which held only had the e-mail as an identity rather than a name , and his co-worker . 
  short and to the point , easily translatable as '' * i need you to do this for me , here 's a user and password * '' . 
  he clicked the ftp link and entered the log-in information when prompted . 
  inside the folder , was a single . txt document titled ` sol ', 
  a txt file ? 
  was the guy serious ? 
  it 's not like it could n't be compiled but it was n't exactly the best way to save a program . 
  he would take . 
  ` dat 's but the txt just increased his puzzling . 
  `` well ... '' he said as he double clicked the file . 
  there were two ways this could end up : a garbled unorganized mess or a decent file that only required a compiler . 
  what he got , though , was neither . 
  as he began to scroll down , reading the code , he noticed some strange objects and even stranger functions . 
  using system ;, 
  private int lux = `` 5 '' ;, 
  private decimal time = `` 12.4 '' ;, 
  / / set daylight according to time :, 
  john pondered for a while . 
  there were variables for ` wind direction ' , ` magnitude ' , ` gravity ' and the sort written along the whole program . 
  it was very intricate , * very big * , but most surprisingly , * very * archaic . 
  from the looks of it , the ` client ' was attempting to transcribe the original program from assembly to high level . 
  `` that 's going to take a while ... '' he said to himself , scrolling back at the helios.cs part of the text . 
  he figured that whom ever handled them the program was just learning things like c++ or java . 
  the client was in the right direction but there were still things that could be cleaned up . 
  john 's fascination for the awkwardly translated program quickly burnt his day hours , drawing him back into what could probably become another sleepless night . 
  yawning , he moved his pointer towards another window hosting a corrected version of helios.cs . 
  rubbing his eyes he pressed the ` enter ' key to compile said function and check out for errors . 
  not only was the function complete , but a window popped out meekly in the corner of his screen . 
  daylight settings . 
  time ? 
  season : winter . 
  weird . 
  john decided to play along with it and set it to 9 am on spring , pressing the ok button at the end . 
  10 minutes later , his iwatch began to pulse . 
  `` dude !, 
  you 're awake , right ?! '', 
  it was rick . 
  he seemed overexcited . 
  `` put what ever you are doing down and go the fuck outside !, 
  it 's fucking crazy ! '', 
  and so he did , with a frown on his face which only turned into major perplexity as he exited towards the rather warm sunny morning . 
  he tried to figure out something logical out of it , until it all fell in place upon gazing at the time indicated on his watch : 9:11 am . 
  `` rick , '' he tried to think this as thoroughly as possible . 
  `` could you come to my house ? 
  i 'll need your help on debugging this . '', 
  * da mangaka has little to no experience in programming and thus apologizes for the badly written script above or lack of good knowledge on the matter . 
  also , da mangaka apologizes for the huge wall of text . 
  that is all . 
  it was the end of a race against time , within the infinite brink of the edge of space . 
  a decade has passed ever since lt. roberts first laid eyes on her , the infamous space pirate known only as captain blackstar . 
  as beautiful and alluring as her looks were , he knew best not to fall charmed by the starlit siren . 
  her troupe were very skilled and deadly , and their operations increasingly had become so elaborate books and entire sagas could be written about them . 
  now she had her exactly on point , wounded by a precise strike of his phazer gun , and he even had enough time to creep closer to her with his looming shadow covering her figure with each step . 
  `` so , '' blackstar lifted her head , trying to feebly lift the rest of her body with her left arm , her right focused on her lower abdomen . 
  phazers were n't a ` bloody ' weapon , for the same blast was hot enough to cauterize the wound , but the damage * was * there and said burn actually made the body 's healing abilities work less . 
  it was a blessing and a curse . 
  but she knew him well , he wanted to bring her to justice . 
  she tried grinning at him , he was being such a gentleman even after all these years . 
  `` i guess this is it , huh ? 
  it was been quite the ride has n't it ? 
  from that moonless night at the tomb of napoleon , to this place were time seems to stop still . 
  are you going to take me away ? 
  or will you be man enough to kill me with your bear hands ? 
  tell me , the excitement is making me quiver '', 
  robert stopped at just one step from where she laid . 
  he glanced at her tired , almost disappointed . 
  `` it 's over , is n't it ? '', 
  he placed the phazer on it 's holster , breathing calmly . 
  `` is this really over ? '', 
  `` hmm ? 
  care to explain ? '', 
  `` i. . . '' he thought through his words . 
  she was there , all alone in the middle of some uncharted area of the universe . 
  it 's been 10 years . 
  no , the idea was just too stupid . 
  '' ... was expecting you have some sort of secret maneuver hidden there . 
  something that would take me by surprise , pin me down , and then ... just as i 'm vulnerable . '', 
  blackstar stared in disbelief , puzzled and trying to keep up with her breath . 
  `` i 'm basically dying fireheart . '', 
  '' ... have you ever had the thought that maybe . 
  blackstar scoffed . 
  `` 10 bloody years , 250 riots and battles and only until you shot me you are asking me if whether or not my assaults were because i was interested in you ?!, 
  what do you take me for ?! '', 
  `` you 're french ! '', 
  `` and you 're english !, 
  out of all the people in that bloody planet why would i chose you ? 
  why do n't we just , i do n't know , pick up things and fuck ? '',
