  you have to be careful when you eat a peach : not only the juice is lousy enough to get all over you , but the seed is not something your teeth would like to hit . 
  it 's rough and hard , nothing to gain from it really . 
  peaches are sweet and you 'd love them to last a life time . 
  sadly , you are proven wrong when only the pit is left , reminder of your encounter . 
  nectarines on the other hand . 
  well . 
  nectarines take more time , and it is only because they have exchanged it 's sweet juice to thick pulp . 
  it can be harder to bite , more so than an apple . 
  in the end , it can prove more of a problem to eat than a fuzzy peach . 
  but they taste so good prickled and with chili . 
  it is like life , really : some like it sweet and juicy , some like it rough and hard . 
  the choice is up to you . 
  i 'm mexican . 
  can i go to canada too ? 
  mexican here . 
  it clearly says `` que todos los pendejos que vayan a chingar a su madre '', 
  hmm , i 'm interested . 
  if you want , pm me so we can discuss some details . 
  does that count ? 
  . . the console wars . 
  i see you have used my list . 
  i 'm pleased to see that . 
  perhaps we can put a link on the sidebar for this ? 
  aww : (, 
  osease . 
  if i win a ration , despite my banishment . 
  . will i able to post like a ghost ? 
  i ca n't see it . 
  it 's geographically blocked : (, 
  he has to touch them in order to teleport them . 
  and it 's not like he did n't do that before : in the battle vs cell , he did teleport the cell-bomb to kayosama 's planet only to have him come back , absorbing that ability as well . 
  nope , mexico is still part of north america . 
  otherwise , nafta would n't have it 's name . 
  i 'd love a postcard from iceland . 
  i collect them . 
  i currently have one from england and norway 0 v 0, 
  you should probably delete the info you posted . 
  for security = v = ; ; ;, 
  have n't used them yet . 
  but i will . 
  i do need to finish those post cards after all = 7 =, 
  i 'm a pigeon , and thus you shall all fear me !, 
  i noticed just after i saw the address on the slip and how it 's set . 
  yeah , since i saw ` amazon ' i jumped the gun and posted it here . 
  i 'll post over there as it 's meant to be = 7 = ; ;, 
  fast edit : but you are still part of raoa , so it still counts : p, 
  thanks so much btw . 
  next off , the rock will finally tell us what he 's cooking . 
  and it 'll be fabulous . 
  the territory of the 3rd mexican empire will stand as it has been first drafted . 
  if you wish to speak on said terms , please consult me on this post . 
  i actually bought one when i went grocery shopping at mitsuwa . 
  could n't resist . 
  i still keep the bottle just because of that xd ;, 
  wait ? 
  green has a blastoise ? 
  where is blue ? 
  do n't worry , it 's what all artist go through . 
  0 ) \\* sigh * `` i wish i had x thing . . '', 
  wait . 
  . it 's for me ? 
  . . n-no . 
  . i could n't ... '', 
  2 ) `` omg this is amazing !, 
  how could i draw without this ?! '', 
  3 ) `` hm , i 'm not feeling it anymore . 
  maybe if i do this ... '', 
  4.1 ) `` wow !, 
  awesome !, 
  i can do this too ?! '', 
  4.2 ) `` meh , it 's not that amazing anymore ... '', 
  5 ) `` i 'm a master at this !, 
  . but those other guys draw better . 
  \\* sigh * `` i wish i had y thing '', 
  and . 
  repeat = 7 =, 
  mexico against itself . 
  let me tell you how it all started . 
  reform on petrol and oil go on and pass . 
  our resources are sold to foreign investors who sell back our products at double or triple the price . 
  food and transport prices skyrocket . 
  people ca n't pay with the kind of salary they receive . 
  to make matters worse , a new tax legislation passes making medicines and food even * more expensive * than it was already . 
  riots in the south , unemployment in the north . 
  there are turmoils everywhere . 
  people are blaming everyone and want to beat down the ones responsible . 
  finally , they take on the government and in an unimaginable scenario , they kill the president , burn the senate and break into the supreme court . 
  but this just makes things worse : mexico is a rampaging river of chaos that none can control . 
  the united states ask for the remaining officials to do something about it * or else * . 
  the revolution that brought radical changes is now taking sides against each other . 
  you are either ` pedrista ' or ` pro-aurelio ' . 
  nobody knows who to follow anymore but they must follow for the sake of the revolution . 
  hundreds and thousands of pesos , dollars , investments , flee mexico . 
  industries and enterprises are attacked , forcing them to move out . 
  the mexican peso suffers a devaluation of 400 %, 
  crime rises . 
  drug abuse and narco-related issues are getting worse than before . 
  suddenly , everyone can do what ever they want as they want . 
  the northern border is closed , the southern border suffers knowing that their calvary to the north is now pure hell . 
  the new ruler of the country tries to control the situation but is found dead by unknown circumstances .
