  i love the pansexual one . 
  heck !, 
  i love them all ; ; v ; ; < 3, 
  now try to imagine that your family got the dvd and put it at least every weekend while cleaning the house . 
  and get singing along with it . 
  also , there has never been such an effective clean-up and reconstruction of a place ever . 
  the guy got shot in march and by april they already had a plaza under his name . 
  there 's even a movie about it . 
  the moral of the story is : do n't mess with the pri . 
  / r/circlejerk . 
  well , just to say something , i am actually plurilingual . 
  i know 3 languages at full ( though my french 's starting to rust ) , and other 3 with a need of adjustment . 
  i like to learn languages as a hobby hoping that one day i 'll be able to use them in real life situations : ), 
  no , [ this pri ] ( http://pri.org.mx/ ), 
  ironically , in their headlines , they are talking about a foundation named after exactly the character of this conspiracy . 
  shame level : none . 
  [ i like trains ] ( http://www.amazon.com/teavana-perfect-tea-spoon/dp/b004yctviw/ref=wl_it_dp_v_ns_nc?ie=utf8&amp;colid=3eqa8itwifoqz&amp;coliid=i2561gae0ztsis ), 
  it 's always over 9000 !!!!, 
  ~ ~ and i just realized it is for mp3s . 
  to what part of mexico did you venture to ? 
  as a mexican , hearing such good things about my country makes me feel happy . 
  thanks for cheering me up : ), 
  dude !, 
  i * live * in tijuana !, 
  and i know your feeling . 
  i cross to the us every weekend to buy groceries ( mostly meat or stuff from whole foods . 
  i know veggies and fruits here are so far non gmo and still cropped in a traditional manner in most parts ) and there is this odd sense of dread i get at night even when i 'm in the busiest part of downtown . 
  it 's like they are going to kidnap me or do something to me . 
  i do n't know why . 
  yet , i can be all alone in downtown tijuana and i know people will be helpful if anything were to happen . 
  heck , nobody cares about what i do alone and stuff . 
  it 's all cool . 
  it 's just has been used as a news cow for bad news and pointing on how bad we are and how better over there it is when i am just awed at how many people sleep in the streets in downtown sd in the middle of a busy street . 
  it 's just . 
  odd . 
  there 's much more openness in mexico and less paranoia , and you can feel it - despite the fact that we are ` violent and prompt to kidnap your first child and sell you drugs ' . 
  i just wish we were n't used as a bad example , keeping in mind most of the situation here is partially caused by the us . 
  people going to the us illegally to get jobs or anything ? 
  well , if there was a steady flow already , nafta made it worse . 
  we can not compete with the us in many ways and left growers and farmers without jobs . 
  ironically , manufacturing companies would settle in the north to receive those who could n't cross over and are still looking for a job . 
  do remember these manufacturing jobs are the ones ` we stole ' . 
  cartel and narco problems ? 
  welp , the war on drugs . 
  you know it 's results . 
  nasty thing that was fueled since 2006 and has so far killed 100k people , without counting those who had to leave and are still gone . 
  let 's not forget the ties the cartels have with the government . 
  and the media . 
  the government and the media - these are the true masters of mexico , particularly the media . 
  i was shocked and enraged when obama congratulated our current president ( so on forth called `` that idiot '' ) and the electoral process for being the * cleanest and most transparent ones in the world * . 
  no , i 'm not lying . 
  heck , even germany pointed out how the media had helped sway the people 's thoughts into voting for this puppet guy only because he was pretty ( again , not lying sadly ) . 
  the media prepared a full scale irl telenovela which is halting progress and the ability of rising living standards overall . 
  and yet , there are nations who have the same kind of processes and are called ` evil ' or ` rigged ' ( sometimes , rightfully so ) . 
  but why give such heavy emphasis on places so far away and leave us here without the recognition we need on our own flawed processes ? 
  it just pains me , and hurts more when i listen to people living here how shitty the country is and yet they wo n't do more than sitting down to watch the tv and news produced by the same media that 's fucking the country . 
  . and i just . 
  made a whole rant out of a simple thing . 
  i also must remember most members of / r/conspiracy are from the states so , maybe this is irrelevant . 
  lollipops are cool did ya know ? 
  nope , did n't work : /, 
  should i re-make the address ? 
  actually , in my new address , i do have a number ( with # ) and it does go to the 2nd line . 
  my issue here is if amazon will go full retard and not deliver because it does n't specifically say ` apartment ' . 
  i 've sent postcards , flowers and all sorts of things and so far the only place i 've had hassles getting her stuff is from amazon  : |, 
  i remade the entry on my address book and it spits out the same result . 
  i 'm just a bit frustrated that it wo n't do what i want : (, 
  i am not sure i want to try that @ n @ ; ; ;, 
  i do n't want to give amazon an excuse to not do it 's job . 
  you mean add the apt . 
  no in the 1st line and in the second the street number ? 
  ftfy, 
  you spelled bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill wrong, 
  the answer of life is weed, 
  now , blaze it faggots !, 
  that guy was . . drunk ? 
  i dunno really : /, 
  he evolved to be a joke . 
  i 'll have to ask her if she got anything but , this would be the 2nd time amazon can not deliver something at her address : (, 
  this makes me sad since that means the wishlist i have for her is practically pointless ... 
  i am not married but the whole `` adopt '' your partner 's last name sounds a bit odd to me . 
  perhaps due to were i was raised were it was n't used or common ( only `` socialit\u00e9 did so but as '' < name  , spouse of < partner 's last name  ) . 
  actually , it 's the * kids * themselves who get the partner 's last name in the following format : < name  < name2  < male last name  < female last name  . 
  up until the 80s , it was seen as something bad to have one last name ( due to this meaning you came from a single mother and thus . . well , you might know how this rides on . ), 
  the same country i live in , mexico : ), 
  the country - as you might expect - is catholic ( with my mom giving classes at church ) but most do n't really care : / ( for once , everyone is a fag/puto by default here xd ), 
  also , the country knowingly maternal . 
  the mum gives the final word . 
  seeing a woman take the last name of their husband or going by < name  spouse of < husband 's last name  is seen as becoming an object . 
  outside of the socialit\u00e9 , it 's seen as ridiculous and tarnishing . 
  ups did n't call us , * we * called them because the tracking number was from said company ( i suppose it was shipped by them since it was a one day delivery ) . 
  they were the ones telling us that amazon tends to forget the apartment no . 
  what if i told you that the pri allowed that to happen so we would get disappointed ( and further with calder\u00f3n ) and make it easier for them to return to power ? 
  but somebody else told me that it should be < apt.no  < st.no  whatever road . 
  which one is it ? 
  i 'll go with that and try to send something to her like that . 
  hopefully it 'll work . 
  i 'll post my findings . 
  thanks : d, 
  i do n't know what is it , but i love these drawings .
