  arizona was ditched because they were a bunch of pricks . 
  what part of `` mexican empire '' did n't you understand ? 
  i 'll have to see how many people survived here and get back to you . 
  so far there 's a guy in monterey and myself . 
  if so , then i can agree . 
  i am not interested in saving your falling nation . 
  i am too busy rescuing my own . 
  you see , since none of the politicians in mexico were redditors , this provides me with the opportunity of starting from zero a new government and structure . 
  the president is dead , so is the senate , so is the supreme court so is every single narco dude ; from the zetas to the michoacana family . 
  this will bring finally the peace we have wanted to achieve but never did due to the confrontations for power and control . 
  the mexican redditors as myself are fairly liberal and open minded . 
  indeed i have taken the title of empress but we know that to make the country work out better , we 'll need to talk things before doing . 
  democracy in action while having a nice pretty crown to top . 
  drugs would be legal so as many other things which the us government has loved to keep trampled down . 
  we would have lots to construct , rebuild and serve , so employment is already covered . 
  the leftover money from taxes - and the evasions given by the mexican irs - can finally be used for a free universal medical care ( which exist but is very inefficient due to funding dodging ) , investing in better extractions and filtration of oil and other fuels , the investment of science , and so on . 
  you see , i am rather sad this whole thing happened , but i am working now on the brand new scenario we have at front . 
  this is a new world were we can do anything we wish . 
  why not do things right this time ? 
  you can go and save the remnants of your falling nation , i shall work in building a new one . 
  with any luck , * we * wo n't need a border line to keep * you * outside from the country . 
  . . you must be from / r/murica . 
  no , no . 
  . the least we want is war . 
  you stay * on your side * while we stay in ours , m'kay ? 
  ~ ~ also , texas technically is ours . 
  just look at the people that speak spanish . 
  you 'd have to be deaf to not notice ~ ~, 
  psh , you think that in the economy we were left we have enough money for a plane ? 
  we could sell you our `` air force one '' but that 'll cost you another state . 
  we 'll take co, 
  yup , it does . 
  one of the privileges our idiot of a president had . 
  and dechamps , but now they are dead . 
  it makes me so blissful to say that . 
  pretty easy : plaza rio and ave. revoluci\u00f3n . 
  though depends : with plaza rio it 's a mall , la revu has goodies and some lounges which is probably more aimed at adults . 
  finally , there are places of culture like cecut and the culture house . 
  ok , the card has been sent on saturday . 
  she might receive it on wednesday . 
  do tell me how that turned out : d, 
  fine , i 'll send the guy from monterrey to pick you up . 
  though i doubt it can be this midnight : there are no planes running from tijuana and it takes 2 days to get to mexico city . 
  ~ ~ also , we need to find a guy who can ride planes . 
  as somebody who likes to feed her so with pizza when hunger strikes and pays are low , i recommend you to check the local pizzerias and subscribe to their newsletters for coupons and stuff . 
  the one that 's best worked for me is pizza hut , which not only allows you to order online but lets your register your so 's favorite pizza for a one click order . 
  really nifty indeed . 
  brotherhood of steel ? 
  enlighten me please . 
  give me a month . 
  we also need to keep the electricity going and what not in the country . 
  places like baja california can make energy by themselves but not other places . 
  we 'll need eco-energy generators soon . 
  and programmers . 
   [ le ] t [ e ] r [ a ] lly hit [ le ] r, 
  ftfy, 
  i 'm a graphic designer . 
  i do this for a living . 
  ~ ~ or at least i wish to ... ~ ~, 
  i 'll see what i can do . 
  on gaia online out of all places . 
  which is interesting because 6 years ago is where i met my very best friends too . 
  and this was random : i was in gaia towns ( the . 
  worst place to be to be honest ) and there was this hetalia rpier which i found to be not only literate but enjoying long and mature plots ( not in the sexy/cyber sense but in a more profound manner ) . 
  we continued to rp for some months until i introduced her fully to my circle of friends . 
  back then i already had a so but that year was a bit jittery for us . 
  i tried as much not to feel anything for this new girl who was from the very beginning very interesting as we talking about our viewpoints of the world , etc. 
  a year after that , my so of the time breaks up with me though not due any bad manner or reason . 
  not going on to what it was but we realized things and that in the end we 'd hurt a bit more than like each other more . 
  i was rather sad , since it was my first relationship with anybody after years of telling me i 'd never find somebody so i fell ~ ~ as usual ~ ~ into a depressive state . 
  suddenly , new friend to the rescue !, 
  not only she helps me out but after healing she brings up the big surprise of she liking me also from the very beginning but holding it out of respect . 
  it 's been a year since that and to be honest , it 's been the best relationship i 've been so far and i 'm very happy with her = v = ~ < 3, 
  to be honest , i could do this for free . 
  i need to work on a portfolio for both illustration and graphic design . 
  my school was rather crappy and did n't give me chances to make anything professional or presentable . 
  thus , this is also work worthy : p, 
  i also just remembered that you 're now in a queue : somebody requested me before xd ;, 
  but i will come back to you , do n't worry . 
  well , you 'll have to tell the guy from `` the last people 's united bastion '' about that too . 
  they are based in dallas , so far i know . 
  suddenly texas is hotly contested ? 
  this is 1847 all over again !, 
  i 'm not going to loose my leg over this  _ , 
  do you have any ideas for this . 
  from what i understand this is a american comics based superhero thing . 
  i also saw some description in the comments . 
  anything aside the red/black/white you want to add to the coloring ? 
  i 'd love to actually . 
  i have already some ideas in my head . 
  not only of the logo ( really what 's the point of making a logo only when i can illustrate the whole thing ? ), 
  but the full fledged character . 
  the thing that i realize most do n't do is that while the character is yours , the design and all was mine . 
  you have the intellectual property and i have the itt . 
  also , what better way to let the world know about yourself than by working via other people . 
  i know it 's a bit risky , but \\* shrug \\* . 
  dunno , perhaps i 'm not professional enough . 
  it 's your typical commision online . 
  i 've seen thousands of artist doing that . 
  i do n't know why they are so surprised xd ;,
