  if you need any sort of graphic design or anything , i 'd be more than happy to provide it for you for free . 
  ca n't wait to see what you have in store for hall-o-ween, 
  still learning css3 . 
  my own tumblr page is a mess due being forever stuck in a world with htlm4 . 
  my offers was mostly for providing graphics but i can take a look at your css code and shake my head in despair . 
  as the patron saint of rule 63 , it is * supposed * to be implicit that rule 35 applies to rule 63 , no exceptions . 
  this just proves these people are n't even internet savvy . 
  and that 's sad : /, 
  i understand french . 
  i can read french . 
  i ca n't understand this shit : /, 
  `` hello , have you heard the latest news of thinprivilegeism ? '', 
  all they need is white shirts , a tie and a book under their arm by this point . 
  so i suppose this means canadians get to see it first ? 
  and as far as i know , jack did n't even ` appropriate ' the holiday , he wanted to make christmas that year while he sent ` sandy claws ' for a bit of a vacation . 
  too bad he was rather ignorant how christmas works and how oogie boogie had plans but oh well . 
  and they got off in good terms even !, 
  you get to be trans . 
  you get to be trans . 
  everyone gets to be trans and autistic !, 
  * how * is a gender racist ? 
  can somebody explain me this logic ? 
  there 's male , female , intersex and the ultra rare ` none ' or fluid but that 's about it . 
  there 's * nothing * that tells me that it 's a certain ra ... 
  oh , you mean * those * `` genders '' ? 
  - light chuckle - never mind , carry on . 
  can confirm , going to san diego on dec 16 . 
  tijuanenses , we better start prepping . 
  font at the top : negh, 
  font at the bottom : nailed it . 
  i not only want to see my girlfriend , i want to give her the best christmas ever . 
  cooking dinner , watching the snow while we cuddle . 
  play on multi at the battle maison ... 
  we can sort of do things together but being one country appart makes it hard at times . 
  enough time together to poke her and hug her would be nice . 
  this is an apple . 
  this is an orange . 
  comparing them you can not ... 
  for those who do n't know spanish , the focus should be on the banner on the left ( in green ) . 
  it says `` men are not allowed . 
  4 security reasons . 
  atte : yeshua jewelry '', 
  it 's my first instance ... 
  i hope it 's the only one . 
  i posted a comment that explains it , if that helps ;, 
  i could just caption the picture if needed and re-upload . 
  i like guiding light as an ` outro ' song . 
  a bit of guiding light is n't bad once in a while . 
  it 's like that food you have to eat at your so 's house that you know it may or may not taste that good but you do so because you love your so . 
  guiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiding liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight, 
  i basically use showdown to try somw teams before i actually recreate them in my game via actual breeding . 
  i 'm building my 3rd team this way atm, 
  ... even if you put them to sleep . 
  i do n't care what anybody says : i have an * army * of pidgeots ready to destroy you . 
  pidgeot is by far the best ` starter bird ' pokemon out there and i 'll take him in a heart beat over some tallonflame . 
  they can be * very * versatile if you know how to use them . 
  they are basically very slow crobats . 
  i 've taken down droves of teams with my klefki . 
  it protects my team , it trolls you and it has a bit of a nice bulk to last a while . 
  and it 's just so adorable . 
  i 'd kill for an actual klefki keyring . 
  the time and space patrol would like a word with you . 
  as a mexican that lives by the us border : you 're welcome . 
  good heavens !, 
  i thought i was the only one researching for things like that for my own stories < _ < ; ; ;, 
  noooooo ... 
  i had him in my cart but i had forgotten my bb user, 
  by the time i got it back . . 
  i lost him, 
  such is life ... 
  i at least got fox and sb yoshi from toys r us, 
  muse has been literately my muse for a story i 'm in the middle of writing . 
  sure , i could have used current world events , the knowledge of how the attitude of certain people/nations could work but ... there 's something about muse 's songs that connect them so perfectly and brings them all together . 
  i 'm sure i could have done it without them but without muse , it would have taken me longer and it would be completely scrambled , for sure . 
  so i 'm thankful that their songs inspire so much . 
  make me depress , get angry , hate the entire world ... 
  realizing how the world is slowly killing itself ... 
  and yet , despite all of that , despite what ever you see , hear and feel , that there is not only a glimmer but a light of hope that we are all heading towards . 
  there are sprouts of ever lasting love and friendships . 
  alliances . 
  epic wins and irreplaceable moments . 
  history is written by those that win but we should also pause to see just what lead to such victory . 
  it 's a process . 
  the world is just beginning it 's adolescence and while turmoils occur , somehow we will end up heading to the right path . 
  at least , i wish to believe that . 
  that 's what they have helped me believe in . 
  it looks the darkest only when we are closest to the end of the tunnel . 
  ~ ~ also , guiding light . ~ ~, 
  i do n't think a fanfic can become a book ~ ~ other than 50 shades ~ ~, 
  i do hope they like it though ... it 's a story about nation-people after all in conflict . 
  huh ... their ` black widow ' sure looks buffed ... 
  i 'm still angry at amazon about those two  : |, 
  i think this would be the perfect opportunity to ask a question about prismacolors/colored pencils : i 'm trying to make my technique better and i think a book can help me but there are many out there . 
  which would you guys recommend me ? 
  or where should i start ? 
  making fun of oneself is a staple in mexican comedy . 
  welp ... 
  i guess i 'm gon na go to my local best buy and raid it tonight . 
  after i get my shulk from gamestop . 
  ... i swear these amiibos are like a drug to me ...
