my mom died two and half weeks ago , aged 53 , also because of cancer . 
  here , take a silent fist bump . 
  yes , i am !, 
  am german , nope . 
  they still exist ? 
  have n't seen a windows phone in ages . 
  yeah , but the reality is different and telling a german how to pronounce german is brave , to say the least . 
  uhm , it 's not . 
  at least not in my area . 
  the difference is extremely small . 
  when you say `` pilsener '' it 's a soft s but on the end of `` pils '' it often becomes a hard one . 
  of course it 's meant to be a soft s but most times it 's not . 
  i do n't really know what he meant , there is fu\u00dfpilz , a fungal ( pilz ) infection of the fee ( fu\u00df ) , and there is pils , the famous kind of beer we germans kill our livers with . 
  maybe he made some kind of pun i do n't understand . 
  both are pronounced equally , pils and pilz . 
  yes , sounds like it 's broken . 
  they have a tiny volume of liquid which expands when it get 's warm which pushes on the tiny pin , which is a very simple proportional controller . 
  by the way : electronic thermostats are n't expensive . 
  yeah , and it 's not that good . 
  basically the dial thingy estimates if heating is needed at all , so the central system heats until that dial thingy is happy . 
  if that happens to be the warmest room in the house or it 's thermostat is at 5 , heating at maximum speed , all other rooms are fucked . 
  what 's modern today is that you have a sensor outside which measures the outside temperature to determine the needed temperature of the heating water , and a newer pump that automatically shuts down when all thermostats are closed . 
  that way , when a thermostat opens , the heating system engages and shuts down again when all radiators are happy . 
  the german wikipedia says saudi aramco has 55000 employees , while apple has 110000 and ge 330000 . 
  the rest is still true though ,, 
  the article states apple would be the biggest company in the world - this is completely wrong . 
  the stock value might be the highest , but , for example , general electric is far more giant with three times more employees . 
  the vatican is in spain ? 
  who the fuck made this shitty map, 
  when exactly did anyone die in germany due to ww2 bombs the last time ? 
  when you want the quota to be 0 , you mean 0 immigrants ? 
  how can it get more right wing than this ? 
  yeah , fuck the old fdp . 
  it was good they had to go , but it 's time they come back . 
  rip guido westerwelle , but he really did not do the fdp a favor with lots of stuff he said ... 
  i guess the fdp will get me this time as well . 
  the sdp is just ... no . 
  maybe they need to go the same way the fdp went . 
  of course we do . 
  some of that just takes time , other things are not even worked on . 
  like i said in another comment : merkel has no visions , she has no plan where to go . 
  she just governs . 
  i just do n't know which party could solve these problems . 
  the afd is just a bunch of nazi shitheads , the lefts are way too left , the spd is useless and still standing , the greens are a bunch of teachers trying to save butterflies and frogs ( i like those , but it 's not everything we need to take care of ) . 
  the fdp seems to be coming back in a better way than before , but that still needs time . 
  i will vote for someone of the latter three , after the `` least damage '' principle , like always . 
  like ? 
  i stopped watching the news , because everything and everywhere was refugees . 
  god , that would be nice . 
  but actually - sigmar gabriel is not that much better in my opinion . 
  they are all without visions . 
  they have no plan ; they sail nowhere , they just try to ditch the rocks . 
  you know what i mean ? 
  i personally like christian lindner , but the fdp is pretty far away from that position . 
  let 's see what the finally new fdp can accomplish in general ... whatever happens , the next period will be interesting . 
  the cdu will stay the biggest party . 
  i 'm more an spd type ( not the current spd , but what it normally stands for . 
  the current spd is useless . ), 
  or a classic fdp - but it 's pretty unlikely that the spd will get more votes than the cdu . 
  so , the cdu , spd and the greens or the fdp will make a coalition and we have four more years of merkel . 
  nobody talks with the afd , for a reason . 
  might be ( i 'm not in that situation ) . 
  still , that 's a shitty reason to hit refugees with that pointy end as well ... 
  because people with less income fear refugees more . 
  if they do n't , we have no government . 
  yeah i believe it 's extremely complicated to learn for english natives . 
  if you do n't have more than one article you ca n't have a feeling for them ... 
  that sounds like the process would be completely random , but ~ ~ it follows pretty complicated rules and is very well designed ~ ~ ... yeah it 's as good as random . 
  ... yeah , of course . 
  because it 's a link , and link targets can change without me knowing it . 
  that 's obviously not the case for the pirate link provider , but punishing people for providing links just opens the door for all kinds of weird stuff . 
  what if i link to freemovies4u.to , does that make me a criminal as well ? 
  how about people that link to me ? 
  distributing copies of copyrighted material is illegal , providing a link to a distributor is not distributing because my server does not provide the copied data . 
  put another way : if someone asks you if you 've some weed to sell and you say no dude but go to the central station , plenty of dealers there - are you a dealer now ? 
  if another third party sells you to strap a sign of their brand around your neck , when you tell people where to get the weed , are you a dealer now ? 
  still nope . 
  would you want to get punished for talking about places where drugs can be bought ? 
  i personally even think it should not be punishable to print lists of dealers and where to find them , as long as the dealers are not paying for it . 
  another perspective : if the site linking to pirated material is illegal , what about my browser ? 
  should n't it block this stuff ? 
  that 's how you get censored internet , we do n't want that . 
  still , we should close the door to anyone who says linking something might be illegal . 
  think about how german newspaper sites wanted money from google because google linked to their articles . 
  what , you should pay google for bringing users in you useless twats . 
  anyways , a link is not a copy . 
  fighting against piracy should fight the uploaders of the content and the hosting sites , not the linking sites . 
  sue them for using the movies ' posters or the descriptions , whatever , but not for goddamn links . 
  research is heavily subsidized , but not depending on the actual long term outcome . 
  i do n't know for sure , but audi is heavily investing into these topics under the name e-fuel . 
  synthetic fuels burn better , release less stuff like nox and the likes , and are completely co2 neutral . 
  they can be refilled in a minute like fossil fuel and transported with existing infrastructure and burned in existing engines . 
  batteries are n't environment friendly at all and have a very limited lifetime , do n't forget that . 
  we are talking about hydrogen since at least twenty years or longer and it 's still not there because physics . 
  if you put it into a tank , it just does n't stay inside . 
  hydrogen seems to be nice because it 's so abundant but it 's just not great to work with in practice . 
  your sweet little dreams will not make it happen . 
  by mass , yeah . 
  hydrogen is the lightest atom in the universe , and the density of a gas is directly proportional to it 's molecular weight . 
  hence you need insanely high pressures to store hydrogen in a meaningful way , and as i said , it does n't even stay in steel containers because it 's so godawful tiny .
