  you literally can not put it into pipelines . 
  hydrogen is shitty to transport , shitty to store and it 's energy density per volume is the shittiest of them all because it 's only one proton and one electron . 
  it diffuses through solid steel pipes . 
  methane has a heating energy of 39 mj per m ^ 3 , hydrogen only 12 mj per m ^ 3 , both at 0 \u00b0 c celsius . 
  hydrogen has no future in transport fuel at all , maybe in local storage as an energy storage . 
  maybe . 
  yup . 
  as far as i know , we basically have the technology to produce methane from co2 , but i guess electrical and hydrogen sound so cool that there is some research money to be made before they can finally say oh yeah dudes you know we can actually use the existing technology of the otto engine and burn methane in it like we actually do since twenty years and we already have pipes to transport methane in every house so you can fill up your car at home but well , electrical sounds cool right ? 
  and everyone is like yeah . 
  carbon dioxide , * great * . 
  so it would be actually simpler to burn the methane directly , * great * . 
  the same old woman who let you guys into the eu and shoved a huge ass amount of money down your throats so why do n't you just shut up ? 
  everyone was just like `` uh , no , i wo n't take these guys . 
  you can if you want but idgaf . '', 
  the issue i have with `` anti-refugee-guys '' is simple : they do n't have a solution . 
  yes , there 's a ton of people who say they are refugees when their life was n't at risk . 
  yes , a very , very , very small minority of them might be terrorists - but i bet they would find other ways into the country . 
  there is n't enough police at all to deal with the many small and bigger problems . 
  yeah , we got that . 
  but what 's your solution ? 
  build a wall ? 
  then what , let the real refugees just die ? 
  how 's that a solution ? 
  nobody said out loud `` hey , why do n't we just send blue helms into syria and build a refugee camp there , under our protection ? '' . 
  just blaring you do n't want those people here is no solution . 
  neither is mindlessly letting everyone in without even checking for a valid passport . 
  have you seen a truthahn ? 
  it 's not a h\u00e4hnchen , it 's crazy gigantic . 
  i 'm from west germany . 
  if you want to rebuild the wall , go for it . 
  the refugees from 1989 are the nazis of today , and cry the loudest about a border wall they 'd want to build . 
  well , visionary ideas should come from herself , no need for a reason . 
  one pretty simple and not too sophisticated example : germany does have a lot of industry and software developing companies , let 's name it `` digital sector '' - but compared to the rest of the eu , germany is one the worst countries when it comes to internet connection speeds . 
  instead of investing in our future and saying yeah we should probably improve the situation ... nothing happens . 
  instead , the minister of finance sucks money out of everything to achieve his personal project `` black zero '' , and the traffic and infrastructure minister tries to build the car toll system that literally * nobody * really wants and whose management probably costs nearly as much as the income generated by it . 
  said toll was an idea of the csu , the bavarian sister party to merkel 's cdu , and they basically wanted to tax foreigners using our * great * autobahn . 
  it would have been merkel 's job to kill projects like that and say `` you know what i do n't want to live in an eu where someone who wants to travel straight through it needs to learn about seven toll systems and needs 8 stickers on his car '' . 
  no , instead she says nothing and probably hopes that the toll does n't go through until the next election . 
  and that 's what i mean with `` letting everything flow '' . 
  i 'm absolutely with you . 
  hope is a huge ( yuuuge ) point . 
  people need hope much like they need drinking water , and i believe it might be a reason for schulz to perhaps win the vote . 
  he might be the one put the 's ' back in spd . 
  merkel really is n't particularly bad but i 'm missing the course . 
  she has been a chancelor for 12 years now and the only time she ever said something visionary was `` wir schaffen das '' - `` we can do it '' regarding the refugees . 
  i 'm not exactly sure where i stated that i wanted schulz as a dictator . 
  and change was never merkel 's speciality . 
  she does n't have any plans . 
  she manages fairly well but she does n't build anything . 
  she just let 's everything flow and only corrects if something goes bad , but that 's not how you build a future . 
  say the regular german institutes that ask people since many many years and never were off that much . 
  * brakes, 
  was n't it bath additives ? 
  more automation also means more people are needed to develop more software , more hardware , more tests , more ... stuff . 
  i personally believe that your last sentence is key . 
  in general , the human society moves forward technology wise . 
  i mean , we currently speak to esch other , probably over the atlantic ocean , using tiny electrical signals on metal wires . 
  that 's absurd . 
  people often say automation is killing jobs and rendering millions of people unemployed . 
  that 's not completely true - it 's only a problem for uneducated people . 
  jobs become more complicated , and we * need * educated people to keep developing . 
  and then there 's the us where people need to go in deep , deep debt to fund their education . 
  what ? 
  how should anyone ever get out of a ghetto if he ca n't earn money because of no education and he ca n't educate himself because no money ? 
  that 's bullshit . 
  maybe that was adequate fifty years ago when people still built cars and machines by hand , and many uneducated people and strong hands were needed . 
  those times are over . 
  we need educated people . 
  this is actually not correct . 
  it asks if you want to vote for the list of our f\u00fchrer , not if you want to vote for hitler being our f\u00fchrer . 
  which is important because hitler already was `` our f\u00fchrer '' . 
  buuut i would not estimate her swimming grades to get any better . 
  yeah i got a 5 in pe once . 
  the teacher said i seemed unmotivated . 
  i never refused to do anything , i just suck at sports . 
  that 's later . 
  those who come with the boats did n't even have a chance yet to ask for asylum , so we have to take them in first . 
  because in the first place they are asylum seekers and have rights as such . 
  that 's why . 
  in this statistic that does n't list convicts but suspects - probably everyone that was described as looking north african , and your grandma . 
  maybe the basement ? 
  dude what 's wrong with you, 
  why is there always that one guy who needs to throw shit in these threads ? 
  i would n't be surprised if you were n't even european . 
  `` welt.de '' is as much a source as the bild or the sun . 
  hint : not at all . 
  what i was saying is that better looks give you an advantage in nearly all aspects of life . 
  while in the early stages of life you just got fucked earlier for looking better and had a higher chance to mate before you got eaten , nowadays it 's much much more complicated , and having better looks can give you a better job which increases your mating chances . 
  it 's just small nuances here and there but when you add it all up it matters . 
  this obviously sucks for people who do n't look as good but it 's what happens and it would be stupid to act like it would not . 
  it 's unfair , but natural . 
  so a better job and earning more money is not an evolutionary plus ? 
  think again . 
  i guess people did n't like the idea `` either you follow rule 1 & 2 or no internship for you '' . 
  they failed to sell the idea `` of course everyone can get an internship , but there are * so * many applicants , and still not enough girls who apply , so we will give an internship to the winner of this contest ! '', 
  well , that 's an oops . 
  while posting the reply i thought to myself `` i * bet * it 's a cover and i just never found out '', 
  which is good and one of the reasons humans do n't look like apes anymore . 
  rammstein always deserves an upvote . 
  edit : oops never realized it 's a cover .
