poor soul , you do n't have amc , do n't you ? 
  bucharest is full of ads . 
  fear the walking dead premiere is in two days, 
  ca n't you guys just rename into bohemia ? 
  short , nice and easy to pronounce !, 
  glad to see the gamble the cops made worked out for the better, 
  make it 10 ft tall and make the french pay for it !, 
  you have not seen a western ming before , i assume . 
  i have seen one arriving and westernising before 1500 . 
  we kept going for 20 more years . 
  after he ended russia and went to push through poland we all just gave up, 
  you have any idea what a strong ming can do in europe ? 
  * shivers * if they westernise we can just end the game :d, 
  no full aztecs campaign under my belt . 
  by the time i get next to a european , he 'll invade and take half my shit before i go western : / and players are relentless when it comes to wars . 
  even if i keep going they wo n't surrender at 30 % warscore to the aztecs :p, 
  well , by the way you put it then , it will be a short game of `` france wins , lol '' . 
  and these games end by 1550 : /, 
  lol , i am free to switch . 
  going england is a suicide mission atm :d i 'm just bloody disabled and wan na see how it will work . 
  atm i could attempt to mediate a treaty between the ottos and the italians so that they get what they want and then save my arse . 
  same for the ngf . 
  i know it 's suicide , but then again and we 're not all ddrjake , but hell if i ai n't gon na try :d, 
  if that is so , the england shall rise again !, 
  i 've made up my mind , i 'll rule the waves !, 
  problem is i 'd be the new guy tossed in a land unknown . 
  two years left before impending death and chances are no one is willing to save me . 
  burgundy and austria are dead , france has taken half the isle and spain is allied to them . 
  my only hope would be the ottomans steamrolling france ( or both ) which seems possible , but not likely . 
  the north germans as well may not be willing to save my arse . 
  england right now is beyond a challenge . 
  it has reached ryukyu levels of challenge :d, 
  i 've had over 200 hours in mp alone , i 've been bullied by france , castille , the ottomans and russia countless time with different nations . 
  it 's all part of the thrill , lad :d . 
  though england does seem to be in it 's darkest hour , which ca n't be really called a challenge by this point :d also the `` stick with you allies '' rule really fucks me over on the diplo side :d, 
  well damn . 
  then perhaps england will be great again next game . 
  time to scout for potential countries !, 
  well then , the new world should be within my reach, 
  well damn ... what 's the average diplo tech around ? 
  edit : i also knew france was on the isles . 
  i did n't expect them making it that far tho . 
  well then top chap , i 'll live and die by my boats !, 
  the british isle might fall , but the legacy of our empire will not !, 
  this is indeed our darkest hour , but i tell you , england shall not go down !, 
  not today and not this century !, 
  greetings , top chap !, 
  i just dropped in this old thread to tell you that restarting eu4 is no longer required to join the mp !, 
  i feel like joining the new session when you guys go at it again . 
  or maybe join in now and make england great again : ^ ) . 
  got any house rules ? 
  linda will destroy isis and the eu will start selling greece to the highest bidder . 
  as an eu4 player , this map triggers me . 
  he 's going to jail , he 'd have to quit anyway . 
  tbh , i did n't mention the possibility of internal pressure from the party , but he 's still going to jail . 
  he did n't sacrifice himself in that way , he left to try and save some image , to go all like `` look i did what the people asked , ca n't fight you '' . 
  ( he actually said something similar ) . 
  being forced to educate gypsies . 
  it 's enough that we had to put up with them , but the eu sends the ones that leave back too because they ca n't educate them . 
  i told you , he 's `` sacrificing himself '' to appease the crowd . 
  best moment to do it too , since he was n't popular . 
  edit : quotations, 
  no , not really . 
  he left to appease the crowd . 
  unless you count the fact that the hospitals failed to function properly due to being under-funded and under-staffed , which may be the government , and subsequently his fault . 
  straw that broke the camel 's back . 
  he 's on trial for money laundering , copied his phd , passed law to help friends etc. 
  nothing more solid when it comes to this case . 
  but he 's pretty much on trial and it was discovered that hr cheated on his phd ( that 's a drama of it 's own ) . 
  so if as those are n't reasons enough , the fact that he 's seen as the head of corruption when 32 or more people died because of it makes him even more unpopular . 
  shame people had to die to make him resign . 
  would have been better to quit after the whole phd scandal , imo . 
  at least you can do it , so there 's that, 
  draga tovaras si pretin, 
  elsass-lothringen rightful german soil, 
  link to erdogan 's conference ? 
  what 's he saying at least ? 
  when it comes to gypsies it 's sadly not without reasons, 
  romanians are gypsies romanians are slav romania is great , i love budapest !, 
  transylvania is hungarian, 
  got no stellaris because i 'm poor . 
  breton empire rises next week, 
  dunno , people have an obsession with slavs in the west i guess . 
  we lack one , because quite frankly we 're surrounded by them on all sides . 
  `` go away you gypsy '' `` do n't drink my blood pls '' `` so how many slavic countries are there ? '', 
  `` give me my wallet back '' i cry every time ; - ;, 
  heh , we were first this year !, 
  first to leave . 
  hope australia wins for us < 3, 
  dunno what to reserve , gon na claim one once in-game :d, 
  and my bow, 
  blood and iron ? 
  that sounds oddly german ... 
  it was a jest , methinks . 
  they found proof the ultras were paid and brought in . 
  they 're fans of a club owned by a big psd member that stands to gain from the bill . 
  oh , and apparently a state secretary and the minister of foreign affairs knew about the ultras coming in to mess everything up . 
  we usually put the ex-communist party in power though . 
   2016 strikes again nah that 's just how romania generally works, 
  first time i 'm not disappointed we 're last in a statistic .
