  both the us and china would pull resources to help keep the euro alive . 
  these parts of the world are too interconnected to just sit idly by . 
  same way china poured money into the us to keep them buying chinese products in 2008 / 2009 . 
  greece is just a minor issue and it was evident that the euro would survive so europe was left to deal with it 's own problem as it saw fit . 
  not to mention that a return to a nationalist europe would basically guarantee ww3 this century . 
  the us wants the strongest europe which it can still keep under control , but not more than that . 
  russia would like to have a return to individual nation states which it can more easily control through oil and especially gas prices . 
  china does n't care either way as long as europeans keep buying chinese products and eu companies expand factories in china . 
  except for the fact that the euro and the single market greatly benefits their exports to europe . 
  the euro is literally too big to go back on ; not just for germany , but for the entire world ; and certainly we can not sit still so the only way is forward into economic and political union . 
  the euro can not go down the shitter without massive economic depression across the eu and the world for that matter . 
  probably warsaw , but you can check out prague too . 
  certainly there are plenty of horrible cities in eastern europe ... 
  instead you should ask which is the worst european city that 's rich enough that it should n't be . 
  i think manchester or rome might qualify . 
  no doubt , false flag . 
  hmm , bray looks ok ; clean at least . 
  but you have such small houses there . 
  moreover , i would n't go so far as to say that it 's better than eastern europe . 
  there are some less nice places and certainly much more dirty places in eastern europe , especially taking into account the old communist blocks and such . 
  but new developments here are much nicer . 
  ailesbury road looks like a place where you have embassies and such . 
  killiney , also very small houses i might not be able to afford one but i would n't want to live in one either . 
  that being said , i dare you to find a single place in slovenia which looks worse than the best places in ireland . 
  ; ) https://www.google.com/maps/@46.114817,14.469409,3a,75y,221.68h,75.26t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1syofvv5h6pkay-wjqgnkk_w!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=ro move around a little , anywhere in the country in fact . 
  and tell me if that 's not the best overall looking country you have ever seen . 
  you know , we could use google streetview to compare some neighborhoods . 
  point me to the best place / neighborhood to live in dublin so i can take a look around . 
  the whole of germany is one big village . 
  germans do n't clump into giant cities like other peoples do . 
  being from cluj i 'm definitely surprised by this . 
  i 'm pretty sure bucharest has a better quality of life . 
  the best of cluj and the worst of cluj do n't compare with the best of bucharest or the worst of bucharest though . 
  so , i 'm not sure what to say . 
  but i can confirm , life here is n't half bad . 
  it 's a very service-oriented city with not much industry to speak of . 
  safety is good ; i do n't lock my front door at night and walking around feels genuinely safe . 
  certainly this ranking does n't take into account cultural attractions and career opportunities which are always better in large cities . 
  edit : i can confirm that the cities i have been to are considerably better than cluj ; so , oslo and trondheim in norway , vienna and innsbruck in austria . 
  budapest seemed a lot more cultural with a great many things to visit and places to spend your time and money , but it also seemed that your quality of life depended a lot more on your income . 
  vast amounts of homeless on the streets sadly . 
  pardon , what ? 
  well if britain can care about moldova , why ca n't we care about the falklands ? 
  romania did n't really care about afghanistan , but we went all the same . 
  i do n't see why not ... 
  `` weak '' only when taken separately . 
  and that 's the point is it not ? 
  put poland , slovakia , hungary , czech republic and romania together and you get something that looks like a military . 
  and you ca n't deny that even for the uk , there would be an increase in it 's ability to `` get shit done '' as part of a eu military as opposed to a sidekick for `` whatever the us is doing that decade '' . 
  hungary makes perfect sense . 
  i have to admit i 'm getting a little tired of opening these `` according to '' maps and reading the word `` gypsies '' on top of romania . 
  seriously , screw you guys . 
  fastest internet , videochat girls , anti-corruption , stupidly religious , worst drivers in europe , cheap agriculture workers , euroindia outsourcing , thrash-throwing monkeys etc. 
  take your pick but make it more interesting for a change . 
  quite high support across the board . 
  jealousy intensifies . 
  i was speaking broadly . 
  where is your wife from ? 
  that 's the scary thing ; anyone not living here would think romanians and hungarians were at knives and up in arms against each other , which just is n't the case . 
  i delete the link because the video has very few views and posting it here only makes it more popular . 
  will britons do these types of jobs ? 
  if not , please shut up . 
  yet the net contribution of romanian immigrants to your country and it 's gdp and welfare system is positive . 
  so quit your bitching . 
  plenty of britons live on welfare too . 
  and if you have to deal with our travelers , we get to deal with your pedophiles . 
  600 cases of children abused by westerners just last year . 
  you 're just holding out for more money !, 
  romanian citizenship is given as historic reparation and it 's no different compared to what germany has done in the past and is still doing today . 
  besides , it 's only a handful of people . 
  moldavia is a small country . 
  we were talking about moldavians who acquired romanian citizenship though . 
  i did n't mean that ; but you did n't know that any romanian citizen is a eu citizen and thus can move , buy property , live , invest or work anywhere in the eu in the other thread . 
  plus , i have met a couple of other people , dutch and polish , who also were not aware . 
  ok , i 'm going to make a big post on r/europe because i notice that you , as well as many other people have a general misconception of what schengen is . 
  no , we gave them citizenship and they went straight west . 
  : \\ besides , we ca n't deplete moldova of it 's pro-west citizens or we risk losing the country . 
  ideally we should have a union but they do n't want it . 
  those are surprisingly good numbers !, 
  perhaps more europeans than we thought , understand that most of our problems stem from a lack of common-governance . 
  we need a 2-speed eu to allow hungary and above to move into a single government entity while keeping sweden , uk , switzerland , norway etc to remain in the single market and within the union as a whole . 
  with the cheap oil and cheap gas , money printing , junckers ' investment thing and a general weakening of the euro , `` wind in our sails '' these numbers can only improve in the coming years . 
  especially if we return to 3-4 % growth again and i think the conditions are right . 
  and remember , this is just people being interviewed on the spot . 
  once all the major political parties and leaders are behind the idea the % will increase in every country as people respond well to consensus . 
  [ you feel you are a citizen of the eu ; even better numbers ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mtbvl0n.png ), 
  romania is not in schengen though . 
  of course , that 's why romanians go to italy and spain , but , we could use the workforce . 
  we need them in transylvania . 
  please come here first !, 
  unemployment in central and north-west romania is almost 2 % and romanians from other regions do n't want to move because they consider the salaries to be too low and they prefer welfare . 
  as opposed to marching through christian neighborhoods ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with the swedish left ? 
  good . 
  ... come on , can you really blame her for that ? 
  well done with this post . 
  i am sick and tired of `` mega-threads '' . 
  it is ridiculous what mods are doing . 
  of course i am against this issue . 
  but not only that , during the whole greek drama several megathreads were created which absolutely killed the whole experience for me because it 's impossible to stay well informed and to figure out where the conversation is going .
