  believe me none of regular citizens are that much adventurous to build a new country in middle east and go to a total unclear future . 
  there are always people who wants drastical changes , but they can never be majority if there are no big reasons pushing them to be so . 
  if you have a serious state and a powerful and respectful army , people would somehow survive some bad things . 
  we all know there are lots of mistakes against almost every parts of our nation in our country 's past . 
  just think about it , especially kurds and alawis and minorities maybe have been always under pressure . 
  but still we live together , although those tragedic things just like sivas , 1980 coup , beyaz toros and lots of other things . 
  talking for regular citizens ; everyone likes our flag , everyone likes to be a unique country and simply different than others . 
  of course some of them wants kurdistan . 
  but imo they will not go for it if you not push them . 
  and the way to push them is not being a serious state anymore . 
  if people open tv and all the time see complete idiots , they will seek for new things after some point . 
  yes , i 've been for quite long . 
  i 've always seen diyarbakir as a very unlucky city to be crushed between turkish state and kurdish citizens . 
  it 's an amazing city actually . 
  and i know , many kurdish does n't really have any connection with turkish values in their daily life especially in rural parts . 
  but look from other side , there are people who call for seperation since really long time but trust me , not everyone , not even majority . 
  this does n't happen if you do n't push them . 
  pushing them happens mostly in this way : not having a charismatic state anymore , and treating them as 2nd class citizens . 
  i do n't really care to be honest , kurdistan or whatever . 
  i do n't believe all states should be same forever , things are always tending to change . 
  but the point is , maybe this is emotoinal , but i 've always seen turkey as one of the most important countries in the world . 
  i feel like we 're between two civilizations which are incredibly different from each other . 
  i feel like it is a duty that our destiny has put on our shoulders , to be cut by sharp edges of eastern and western civilizations so actually they do n't face each other directly and much bigger shit does n't happen . 
  this may be emotional as well but i always feel like if turkey ca n't succeed to survive , world will not be a better place . 
  i 'm believing to this more and more nowadays . 
  why ? 
  because look at politicians , how much stupid they are . 
  it 's a shame the world will be shaped and designed after completely idiotic events . 
  do you feel good about possible very big changes after this idiotism happening here at the moment ? 
  world just needs more smart people . 
  i love how these news presented as `` turkey 's erdogan '' doing this bla bla ... 
  it was same erdogan who made `` peaceful academic '' gulen this powerful in turkey by violating a lot of laws and lots of innocent citizens lost their rights cause of cheaters on central exams . 
  now he 's kind of cleaning his own shit my friend , fyi . 
  if innocent people will be affected there will be demonstrations for sure , do n't worry . 
  we wish western media had made headlines `` turkey 's erdogan putting innocent soldiers ( even head of army ) into jail - * with cooperation of gulenists * - with completely ridiculous legal process '' back then few years ago . 
  that 's why turkish people do n't share your concerns , my dear western friends . 
  yes , most likely there are some innocent people as nobody can trust their labeling mechanism at the moment . 
  probably people waiting for things to little bit settle down , then we will listen many stories . 
  for sure it 's hard times for our nation , opposing parties should help somehow . 
  we saw akp not really can handle alone . 
  agreed . 
  but it just too much makes us feel these mainstream media and governments know actually nothing about turkey although they 're our allies . 
  i mean every real expert about turkey would know ergenekon and balyoz were way more dangerous than the current events . 
  our allies did n't want to stop erdogan that time , now their concerns about democracy seem hypocrite for us . 
  because the `` evidences '' they used against kemalist soldiers were ridiculous and there was no way west was n't aware of . 
  after all , they 're either hypocrite or ignorant when it comes to turkey . 
  in both cases we should n't listen to them for our future . 
  it 's not much possible to have a flat to rent in istanbul but not being able to find renters . 
  and also everything you wrote seems quite ok . 
  but i 'm not living there so some friends could confirm for you maybe . 
  keep updates , we read it  have fun , be safe , wishing all good, 
  yeah it all depends on price . 
  if you make it little bit lower than the average in neighbourhood , you will easily find someone i guess . 
  but i 'm not real estate person so do n't want any misleading . 
  i guess you can check average rents here :, 
  try to find your building as well . 
  everyone happy about coup failed , some people concerned about being labelled as fet\u00f6 while they 're not , everyone expecting more solidarity inside and outside of turkey against terrorism . 
  we all wish more peaceful days for our country , region and entire world . 
  it did n't really affect most people 's daily life directly , especially those who are n't ~ ~ state officers ~ ~ civil servant . 
  emin misin ? 
  olay sicakken ilk tepki buydu : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/turkey-coup-could-threaten-countrys-nato-membership-john-kerry-warns-a7142491.html, 
  hayra alamet degil sanki : http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/04/opinion/turkeys-new-anti-americanism.html?_r=1&amp;referer=, 
  thank you for correction . 
  yesterday i was about to ask for some pictures but then did n't want to say  but woah , that bus is so old . 
  that 's shame as there are many bus/minibus factories in turkey . 
  please keep adding some cool pictures , good luck again , 
  ( obviously ), 
  that 's quite interesting article actually . 
  this sentence for example :, 
   sometimes , he symbolizes the turk who is resisting integration and lives in a `` parallel society . '', 
  yeah we all know this all are mostly his own actions ' results . 
  but just weird for humanity in 2016 , not only foreigners also some turks do n't really feel anything for those who were killed by tanks , bullets , bombs . 
  civilians hate civilians ( both sides ) , that 's insane . 
  we should keep our shit together . 
  do n't let politicians screw up the world , seriously . 
  check this website : http://www.turkiyeburslari.gov.tr/index.php/en/, 
  you may find answers to your questions . 
  exactly , it 's definitely his fault . 
  but still i see these people as hero . 
  why ? 
  they voted for a party , this party screwed up country , but these voters cleaned their own shit . 
  this is something to appreciate especially in turkey . 
  if the civilians did n't go face this shit , the possibilities were really scary . 
  either these asshole organization would succeed to take over country ( small possibility ) or there would be literally a war in \u0130stanbul , ankara and other cities . 
  those parallel soldiers most likely would n't surrender against other part of military and also probably the soldiers on street who did n't know it was coup would not easily surrender as well , they would say wtf probably and there would be a total mess . 
  that kind of war would cause really big trauma for all of us . 
  i ca n't see better possibilities . 
  what you think ? 
  i know you say everything would be better if there was no akp at all , but too late for that . 
  indeed , this is total painfully nonsense . 
  but pretty much reality . 
  everyone should try to contribute instead of constant complaining . 
  assholes whoever lynched innocent soldiers ( those did n't know it 's coup ) should be in prison . 
  at least one party should bring this issue to parliament . 
  also innocent soldiers ' families should be taken out of shitstorm . 
  i 'm sure chp will deal with that after things settle down . 
  yeah . 
  retards in turkey taking us far away from west . 
  and , retards in us/eu pushing us far away from west . 
  fuck this shit , seriously .
