i 'm amazed by her technical information about tire dimensions, 
  first time i see this cat breed, 
  once i volunteered to be translator between project managers of a korean company and boss of a small local company i had connections with . 
  there was a project in country and korean company was looking for a local company to have a partnership . 
  they introduced their company and project , then asked me to introduce local company . 
  the boss gave some information and i was translating , but he made me said more than 10 times that his company is best in country they can work with . 
  korean guys were so sick of that , one of them could n't help but asked `` do you have proofs ? '' . 
  all 10 employees were also there and watching when i just translated the question to boss . 
  i still remember and smile about the silence at that moment . 
  it is being applied in turkey since long time called `` fair usage quota '' . 
  all internet service providers have this . 
  check this for example , http://www.superonline.net/hakkimizda/duyurular/tarife-guncelleme-bilgilendirmesi-01-09-2015 ( akk means that quota and `` limitsiz '' means no limit . 
  as you see no-limit ones are way more expensive ), 
  turkey : a president who thinks he is never ever wrong . 
  if there are some shits happening in country ( which happens quite often ) , it is his rivals ' fault . 
  if there is no rival available to blame , then why not creating an imaginary one ? 
  paldies *  good luck my friend , 
  yes , especially texts, 
  yes some of them are really stupid, 
  now imagine a fiat multipla tailgating you, 
  yes , most of the time it 's required to tolerate other drivers ' faults in addition to control your own car, 
  this is a late answer but with ordinary i meant daily cars that we see too many on streets . 
  but that 's a cool car for sure, 
  this was remarkable cause of the situation in turkey probably . 
  thanks to president erdogan , everyone in country is highly politicized and mostly polarized . 
  even a simple game like that could n't survive without political battles all over the game . 
  one other thing is turkey has a huge young population and these people are one of the most active social media users in world , so it really reflects turkey in a limited but genuine aspect . 
  dude , imo nobody can plan such a thing . 
  their biggest fear was/is the real turkish army . 
  that small group of army could cause a real coup as they would trigger big part western-ally army because they do n't like both that small group and erdogan . 
  but nobody knows if these generals are still there , what 's their size and if they 're really willing that . 
  of course that 's only a theory , but they 're still calling their voters to stay outside and not let streets occupied by soldiers while they 're saying that coup attempt completely failed . 
  nobody says there 's no more danger of coups . 
  we can understand that by his attitude to army following days . 
  i too much believe people should focus on chp finally and stop talking about erdogan . 
  accept it that regular civil citizens love him . 
  if you keep saying he is dictator , you will make opposing people too much concerned to talk anything against him . 
  i do n't think erdogan is that much an antidemocratic monster and if we do n't insult anything related to him or not touch some sensitive things , we still can publicly say our beliefs . 
  dude i think the ones who are in jail are who insults . 
  if you 're turkish , you know we 're not so relaxed to just say `` well , f.ck you too '' . 
  we take it personally and it hurts . 
  but he is totally anti-democratic . 
  i do n't deny . 
  just saying not so much monster yet and we should stop him going that far and supporting chp can help . 
  no , just i 'm worried about my country and i think chp can solve this problem . 
  i still believe we can somehow manage to solve without it is getting too bad . 
  i know this is totally hypocracy to ask chp 's help only now , but what else i can do ? 
  i 'm looking for solutions . 
  i see , thanks for warning i guess i can delete this one take it to there . 
  but did you read it all ? 
  or just like that other dude thought it is shit post and you do n't have anything to say about whole . 
  i hope you have read all because i 'm already saying i 'm not expert . 
  i guess what u/supremegeneralj has said is right . 
  i was just trying to say it does n't help to call dictator , because it may make turkish people afraid and they do n't talk anymore . 
  i guess that 's wrong subreddit , sorry for this . 
  probably people think i 'm erdogan supporter but just was trying to say something different . 
  probably i should just sleep . 
  hopes . 
  thank you , i 'm sending you my best wishes . 
  very probably nobody will read and i 'll be misunderstood as i made mistake of choosing subreddit . 
  but you made feel good , thanks again . 
  how can you be so much superficial ? 
  please just read all why it is that hard to read all . 
  what makes you different from erdogan lovers when someone says to him erdogan is not a cool guy ? 
  i guess he completely gives same reaction but opposite direction . 
  dude , just read all of my post . 
  why you ask me questions without reading what i 'm claiming . 
  this is not how people discuss , first try to understand what i 'm trying to do . 
  i respect your opinions but you are misunderstanding me and talking after only reading the title but not whole text . 
  probably you are thinking `` screw his opinions '' but this is exactly how erdogan became that powerful in turkey . 
  nobody listened to each other . 
  all of this process should be carried out with help of more chp people next to erdogan . 
  we should be sure there will be a fair judgment . 
  at the moment people are not calm as even our parliament was bombed and more than 200 people lost their lives . 
  i just think it is sensitive times and am afraid of things may be worse . 
  thanks my friend for your answer , i 've read all . 
  my opinions are just too neat , if there is something you can not simply change , do n't insist touching people 's sensitive parts . 
  you can still say what discomforts you and maybe you can impress people . 
  i 'm just saying at least we should try something new . 
  instead of judgind with our own norms and saying `` ehh they are hopeless '' . 
  too naive ? 
  well , other methods were not effective so i was really seeking for new perspectives . 
  but people repeat the things all opposing people already know in turkey . 
  i guess when you write a too long unpopular idea and not put a tldr , does n't end well as i got much hate and cliche approach from other users while i was n't even saying what they think i do . 
  i ca n't agree more , i know there are a lot of shits happened/happening in turkey . 
  but people should stop showing us like we are totally desperate and going to a disaster . 
  if we feel we are indeed desperate and just wait what will happen to us without offering new ways , it will be a real disaster then . 
  depends . 
  whatever condition it will be should be something civil . 
  i really ca n't say if all of them are criminals that 's why i really hope there will be a fair judgment . 
  maybe chp could help this legal process as they are more calm . 
  but consider what op said . 
  i believe , you know why ? 
  because nobody can claim it was fair before they got banned . 
  ask any turkish . 
  just i 'm expecting more seculars to join . 
  yes but thing is there were already many problems where he `` cleans '' now . 
  that 's why turkish people are silent , we are not that bad dude . 
  we are not ignorant idiots and you do n't really know better than us . 
  we need your opinions and helps about only future not about what happened .
