  - checked eksi sozluk , read about ankara and immediately got nervous as this is serious . 
  holy shit , oh come onn people already out shouting tekbirs , definitely serious shit will happen . 
  saw some photos and got very furious : god damn this shit and all these idiotism happening . 
  - good that it 's failed . 
  it would fail anyway because no way real turkish army would support that . 
  but these civilians are real heroes , they did n't let an armed war in cities . 
  i really hope no soldiers died those who did n't know it 's a coup . 
  - i did n't know these gulenists are that much sick to kill civilians and bomb parliament . 
  unbelievable , f.cking idiots . 
  - feeling deeply sad for those who lost their lives . 
  - civilians , regular citizens indeed love erdogan and their so called democracy . 
  now we should somehow manage to unite to make that so called democracy a real democracy . 
  no time for open wounds . 
  everyone should act reasonably . 
  i also do n't blame them , but those who start their comment with `` i 'm turkish '' and then make them believe more their own shit . 
  these people should be blamed as well . 
  i think their motivation is `` does n't matter in how much shitty situation turkey will be , everyone will see erdogan and akp are very dangerous at the end and i will laugh them as i warned you hahaha '' . 
  he thinks like millons of opposing people do n't know what is going on and he is the only smart guy coming here taking non-turk 's side . 
  if turkey will be f.cked up , he is not aware of it will not be something like syria or iraq . 
  that 's my biggest fear . 
  if we say erdogan is dictator and opposing people will still not help him carrying out these legal process , nobody will trust akp government . 
  instead opposing people should help and innocent people may be taken out of this shitstorm . 
  and also innocent soldiers ( those not knew it was coup ) who died cause of some idiots , should be honored and commemorated at top level . 
  they insist to not understand it is a bug and it is not easy to fix for us opposing people . 
  they think like all turks are idiot and blind . 
  well i guess this does n't aim only erdogan . 
  but there are also many good people who supports us and wishing their best for us . 
  i should mention . 
  we know erdoganists are failing to apply `` halk\u00e7\u0131l\u0131k '' principle of atat\u00fcrk , but it does n't mean we will not apply it as well . 
  akits and twisted-akits do n't know this kind of things which is normal . 
  yeap , there are also some people who think `` my people indeed are idiots because they suport erdogan who is super evil genious who can even fake a coup , so i should show them that i 'm not one of them and when they insult turks they should say except me '' . 
  akits are not the ones to do self criticism but what about those who hate their own nation ? 
  just i 'm sure akp is not capable of that but still they are majority to take serious decisions about our fate . 
  especially when it comes to fight against external sources even akp-dislikers would n't really make any objections . 
  so we should stop listening unconditional haters here and not let unconditional lovers decide for our common fate by their own . 
  one question for you . 
  as you said :, 
   they hate us , they do n't want live with us . 
  can you make a guess about amount of `` they '' and `` us '' as percentage ? 
  i guess you can count me in . 
  but it just does n't make sense to ignore much huge crowds . 
  should be some ways to make both sides satisfiyng somehow and i guess we can find out by studying atat\u00fcrk 's principles better . 
  i 'm talking especially to those who likes/loves atat\u00fcrk , i do n't remember some quote from him to insult turkish nation . 
  i see but i still believe you too much overrating amount of them . 
  they are not that crowded and as you said they listen to some people to go streets , so they 're not that much out of control and listens to some politicians . 
  while it is hard to educate so many people in short time , why not you aim tall man to explain yourself as nowadays he quite figures out why atat\u00fcrk was that much important . 
  although you mentioned it 's not about akp , still i want to add there are many people who are not constant akp voter , they are just `` ehonomi \u00e7oh eyi '' people and they like public services . 
  they do n't care how the state is represented internationally as they do n't really understand . 
  they only care if their daily life is interrupted or not . 
  i do n't think they are more ignorant than those foreigners here who spreads hate over turkey and do n't know any shit about it . 
  and ironically , people here have more wealthy and comfortable lives . 
  dude , i do n't believe he is such a deep person to keep his attitude same about anything for a year . 
  we should approach him and show we are also willing to live in country together . 
  thanks for sharing , very well said . 
  i feel like people may look two of us now and think `` they 're living in their fairy tale and sharing their well thoughts to each other but truths are not like that . '', 
  maybe dude , maybe . 
  but just stop hating turkish nation if you claim you love atat\u00fcrk . 
  he was n't that much naive to find a national state while most of the nation ca n't even read at that moment . 
  just check redditors ' ignorant hate over turkey and you will understand why . 
  i 'm not xenophobic btw , i love people who respect turkey and just making their best wishes for a more secular turkey , instead of spreading their hate without even listening . 
  i still see oppurtinity , if we are all ignorant then if we see our politicians are finally friend we may also stop hating . 
  i hope you are not saying , `` f.ck you and your optimisim '' :d, 
  stay calm my friend , do n't be desperate , we all know we look like some crazy nation from outside so does n't matter which party 's supporter , we are the ones to understand each other most easily . 
  well you can understand from einstein 's words what op is recommending as well . 
  people voted for erdogan , we hated them we hated everything after that . 
  we all the time insulted and tried to block everything and we never wanted to contribute . 
  maybe we should change our attitude , we should say we like you and still criticizing them on their mistakes . 
  in this way erdogan ca n't promote us as `` they hate us , they do n't want us to serve you bla bla '' . 
  i 'm as well . 
  but turkey is a real parallel universe and does not let you think and calculate anything . 
  so many things you can never foresee happening quite often . 
  we can not lean on our cold rationalism in turkey , we should warm it up little bit and make friends with our `` crazy '' friends . 
  yeap , but remember he does n't have so much well-educated but sick gulenists around him anymore . 
  i 'm not saying he will suddenly start to love us , but anyone may be friends during cirisis . 
  since we are writing in english , it may be anyone who downvotes you . 
  downvotes on our turkish comments are more predictible by source , 
  not sure to expect such a manner from them . 
  but the thing is we always claim we are smarter so it does n't make sense for me to use the argument `` wait and see their moves '' . 
  anyways . 
  at least one party should bring this issue immediately to parliament . 
  innocent soldiers who did n't know it was coup and their families are the real victims , more than anyone . 
  yes of course , i totally agree . 
  this is punishment part . 
  i 'm saying it should be brought to parliament about how we can commemorate victims at top level . 
  and apparently the father is complaining about mobbing , this is also very big issue . 
  it does n't even end by punishing the creatures who committed crime . 
  i got your message . 
  if `` these people '' in your sentence are akp voters , you ca n't know on which side is this family . 
  this is father 's words :, 
  i also like to write that kind of cool sentences like you , but it makes us too much outside of issue . 
  first we have to accept our nation 's bad sides , try to understand why they are like that , then try changing some of things . 
  all we are talking about is turkish people just should understand each other , somehow . 
  instead of polarizing and hating other side constantly . 
  all my motivation is to get more secular and `` high profile '' people in government . 
  but if there is a secret crisis plan of all secular people which i 'm not aware , let me know and i stop my effort . 
  i just hope it is not simply `` brain drain '' . 
  i respect , and wishing you good life . 
  just i know some my friend also left country to live and work in moscow , then you know what happened , russian jet down by turkey . 
  i felt my friend 's pain that time and i felt like , damn you ca n't get rid of this even if you leave  i mean of course i 'm not saying he was under mobbing for sure as i did n't talk with him , but even if nobody disturbs you still you feel ashamed when your origin country do some shit to where you 're living at that moment . 
  i do n't have much information on these things but evs coming to my mind .
