  we know exactly what happened , do n't worry . 
  i totally agree about a good crisis should not be wasted . 
  so let 's use it to put some secular power in government while erdogan is still president . 
  that 's what i 'm saying , we can not know if he appreciates help after recent things or not without trying . 
  most common mistake about turkey is people expect democracy to be applied completely same just like western countries . 
  we have very different histories , think like we have a car but could n't manage to get tyres yet . 
  but you westerns are keep insulting us as our car can not drive fast . 
  cause of these attitude you make people think that car is completely shit and should be get rid of . 
  i 'm sorry , definitely i do n't think you are stupid . 
  but apparently you are picky person . 
  just i 'm saying you ca n't really know better than a turk who is living in turkey . 
  i do n't know where are you from but i was criticizing western people behaving like we are not aware of . 
  we have things that limit us which only turks can know and it is not easy to change , that 's the biggest problem . 
  and i completely agree if that organization became that strong , it is very obvious who has fault . 
  do n't claim things that i did n't say . 
  this does n't help . 
  you do n't get my point . 
  if you terminate your hope about our democracy , you will serve to people who does n't want a democracy . 
  you just make things worse , even not , it does n't make anything good . 
  why not we support chp as it 's completely secular and republican party to create a balance on power . 
  shouting out hate towards turkey and its president does n't change anything in good way . 
  i think this is cultural difference . 
  it 's hard for them to listen words like `` hah these people all died for nothing '' . 
  come on , you should know by now , akp supporters do n't have talent of western style tolerating any kind of criticism . 
  if you ask your question like `` dude , i 'm sorry for your loss but what you think about that ? 
  it looks tricky '' nobody puts you in jail . 
  it 's so much ironic you have to be that kind to them . 
  as i know it 's helping all parties to check election results and confirm if it 's genuine . 
  for example 100 people have voted in a small city , they can check with these registers if these 100 people are real human . 
  if they see actually 25 people living there , shit happens obviously . 
  it is a country found by atat\u00dcrk and you people can not even imagine how many seculars are living in turkey and nobody can directly shut them up like gulenists . 
  those people who are being removed were truly dangerous . 
  all we need to do is make erdogan and chp become friends to carry out a fair judgment and not let innocent people are affected as well in this crisis situation . 
  show your support to republicians instead of saying `` turks , you are truly f.cked up '' . 
  why chp is not starting fight against akp on streets ? 
  well you will not believe but there are people truly believe in democracy in turkey . 
  totally civilian akp followers were standing in front of tanks to defend their votes . 
  you want chp to not respect these people or what ? 
  nobody claims turkey is governed perfectly and life is brillant for us , but this attitude just making our politic athmosphere very aggressive . 
  i know you guys are mostly worried and do n't want us to be in trouble but some sick turkish haters especially on reddit are trying to insult us all the time . 
  they are not aware of they make us far from europe which actually many turkish people would n't be happy but what we can do if you hate us so much because we 're not getting rid of akp ? 
  so much hypocracy either conscious or not . 
  well if same shits had happened in ~ ~ your ~ ~ any european country , probably ~ ~ you ~ ~ they had already said thousand times democracy is total shit . 
  but we still love it and still keep it . 
  ~ ~ you ~ ~ they do n't know our experience . 
  go check how much chp got last election and their thinkings about erdogan . 
  i 'm just saying we do n't appreciate enough that people still do n't give up on democracy although so many shit happened . 
  especially secularists . 
  redditors ' attitude does n't help . 
  and as i said , just try to find solution to the problem in original post . 
  they so much criticize us but we still do n't do antidemocratic shit and just hoping things will change . 
  there should always be a way , always . 
  * sigh *, 
  i have to say it again before i say something because people misunderstand me , i do n't claim akp governing country well . 
  but opposing parties have mistakes as well . 
  hdp got only 13 % and started to threatining erdogan while they had n't even formed coalition yet . 
  i 'm just saying maybe it could help if people behave more reasonably . 
  how they could work together as erdogan was already president ? 
  yes but our stories are totally different . 
  it makes so much difference how they reached to democracy and us . 
  consider this , that 's why it is just too harsh to compare turkish and european democracies while our republic is only 93 years old and already passed through very tough times . 
  well no comment from me , it is complicated . 
  i just can say my wishes for civil solutions . 
  ok , i think i can get back that argument but i still think it may have some point somewhere deep . 
  and the thing is , maybe this is our journey to a true democracy somehow . 
  maybe this is our unique story . 
  just we should not give up and not just say `` i ca n't do anything '' . 
  i do n't know why but i ca n't stop trusting so many secular people in turkey . 
  i see , thanks my friend for sharing your opinions . 
  yes exactly , they are serving for an infinite loop . 
  some antidemocratic shit happens , reddit-style platforms show amazing hate , people start to think they are way too far to west then and it partly leads to more shit . 
  - how turkey became that far to eu/us ? 
  + turkey had quite antidemocratic government . 
  their western allies started to hate them . 
  meanwhile there were simply too much opposing people in turkey but nobody wanted to take down a democratically elected party by antidemocratical ways , as they knew that would lead way bigger shit . 
  but that hate especially from social platforms made turkish opposing people feel alone and at the end they stopped resisting their fate . 
  so kids , irresponsible people are idiots . 
  ( no offense op , that was for general attitude here ), 
  even if turkey will stay as a `` bitch '' , what about america to lose an `` antipatic '' but very very important `` bitch '' as an ally ? 
  well check switzerland 's neighbours and turkey 's . 
  you will understand why . 
  turkey is the bridge between very different civilizastions . 
  if they start that kind of `` isolation '' , i do n't think would be cool for anyone . 
  that 's why i put quotation marks . 
  it 's not that kind of isolation , but still not likely to be possible to apply in turkey . 
  check turkey 's internal and external problems if you are not aware of . 
  it 's not really a choice to be like switzerland , although maybe would be nice . 
  yes . 
  turkey just can not apply unfortunately . 
  swtizerland isolation works like that : every other country is a thread and we are always under risk . 
  we do n't want them to bring their shit to us and we do n't care their problems with each other , they should keep distance . 
  except that we are pretty fine with everyone and can have good cooperation , 
  i do n't have much information but reddit gave me that impression : https://www.reddit.com/search?q=til+switzerland, 
  i 'd like to share how my feelings were, 
  chronologically :, 
  - oh sh.t , is this really happening , well they called for that many times already but what will happen now ? 
  sh.t this is scary . 
  - wait a minute , what kind of stupid organization is that , they have zero politicians captured . 
  this is a coup towards who ? 
  - this is f.cking bullshit , it 's just few soldiers doing a show , that may be even fake and will be over before midnight .
