  what they want to mean is actually at least one government body of us knew about this coup attempt before it happened , but nobody wanted to respect democratically elected turkish president . 
  instead of that they wanted a total puppet and/or collaborator government . 
  they believe to that because all shits happened after visible disagreements on who to support in syria , \u00d6so or ypg . 
  sounds like a conspiracy and personally i do n't like people blame another country cause of such an issue . 
  but us and eu should make some sincere steps towards turkey so these angry people may calm down , instead of their media constantly showing turkish nation as blind idiots loving their dictator . 
  probably we will wait for us elections to have more ideas about future relations . 
  edit : typos, 
  i also do n't believe at all . 
  but there were some signs [ like that ] ( http://www.yenicaggazetesi.com.tr/erdogana-abdde-karsilama-rezaleti-134351h.htm ) that people considered as they do n't want him anymore . 
  this is what happens when you leave courtesy . 
  there are millions of people in turkey who really dislike erdogan as well , but this is kind of an insult to all turkish nation as this guy is the president . 
  i hope they are not that much rookie to not figure out this kind of things make his supporters more heated and blame us for everything . 
  i would like to ask your opinion about ypg . 
  is it substantial ? 
  agreed to your personal thoughts . 
  but ypg thing still sounds like against your argument :, 
   if anyone has proof of him willfully going against their wishes about anything substantial , please let me know . 
  not really , i do n't think i know better than you . 
  i 'm looking quite superficial . 
  i was just trying to describe how it looks from street . 
  no no i did n't feel bad or anything , it was just a sincere expression . 
  i only wanted to mean i do n't have deep info but this is how it looks . 
  i 'm here to see different perspectives , so it does n't mean much for me if i know more or less than people here if they 're not offensive . 
  we can never know enough and always should learn more anyway . 
  ( i 'm against beating someone up . ), 
  `` blyaaad , why i came this early '', 
  yes , this does n't look turkish and also there is no `` w '' letter in turkish alphabet , my friend . 
  but good luck . 
  edit : google translate says it 's hindi language . 
  so it has simply no advantage for us ? 
  ( or it 's significantly smaller than disadvantages ? ), 
  i guess sabiha is not related with this but not sure about atat\u00fcrk . 
  thanks dude i was wondering that . 
  at least she will also laugh later , not feel terribly bad all the time, 
  so i made some research on behalf of that :, 
  singer [ \u0130zzet alt\u0131nme\u015fe ] ( https://tr.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c4%b0zzet_alt%c4%b1nme%c5%9fe ) is from diyarbakir . 
  composer of this song is listed as [ ay\u015fe \u015ean ] ( https://www.google.com.tr/#q=ayse+san&amp;stick=h4siaaaaaaaaaongectoyi3w8sc9ysmbswtoxmm04-ikzsgvd80rysypfnlgyooy5lj4plj0c_unjmon0_nknbikeliq-dwapx5nrkoaaaa ) on some informative websites . 
  looks like she is also from diyarbakir . 
  i came to conclusion that you would like the culture mix for t\u00fcrk halk m\u00fczi\u011fi in this city . 
  so i found one video someone took from trt m\u00fczik on [ youtube ] ( https://youtu.be/izhpbfoytaq ) . 
  yeah but this is a serious issue , you can not disprove the family 's claims with this video . 
  circumstances were not same everywhere during the coup . 
  it needs to be carefully investigated my friend , very probably there are soldiers who are just victim of asshole commanders . 
  this type of conflicts are not good for the community both in short term and long term . 
  especially when you think these generals became that strong mostly thanks to `` ergenekon '' and `` balyoz '' , these innocent victim soldiers and their families are the real victims at top level . 
  agreed . 
  i think there are two points usually what make people say things like that ( in addition to they dislike the culture ) :, 
  they see scarf as a symbol of being close-minded . 
  i disagree them , but they have reasons to believe that . 
  they dislike especially burka because it really makes a security risk for them . 
  in modern times many people feel quite unsafe and these type of people make it worse for them because they ca n't understand anything whether she ( or maybe he ) hides something or not . 
  i personally have nothing to say about who wears what . 
  i do n't care at all . 
  i 'd care only about appropriate clothing for an event and/or specific location . 
  i do n't like anything going to extremisim . 
  too much eating , too much drinking , too much spending , too much praying etc. 
  for me religion is a balance between current life and after-death life . 
  in my opinion best choice is to have the perfect balance between these two . 
  if burka is n't welcomed by society cause of reasonable issues so it does n't let you work but you still insist on it , then you 're missing one side of that balance . 
  i repeat , a law state does n't work like that . 
  you ca n't show these to this family and say `` why your son did n't behave like that ? '' . 
  instead , you make a serious investigation , you release a report about all things . 
  if then nothing will change , family would either respect the decision or continue defending their son . 
  i mean they would most likely know it if their son was a feto member and would n't insist their son is innocent . 
  if you do n't make serious investigation and not make at least majority of people convinced about these issues , then you put `` nifak '' among our people and as we know we 're this strong thanks to our solidarity so nobody wants `` nifak '' . 
  i 'm bit philosophical about being religious , does n't matter which religion . 
  i 'd like to try describing . 
  it creates a paradox when you say you certainly follow a religion . 
  as i know religions claim this life is an exam to find god and you are in the exam until your last breath . 
  if someone claims he/she certainly follows a religion without any suspicion , it makes me feel little bit skeptical . 
  i think you should behave like a believer not like a certain knowing person . 
  because it really creates a paradox , did you see god or what ? 
  you 're saying to god like `` hah , your exam was quite easy , i quickly found you '' . 
  should n't be that simple , i mean , it sounds little bit forced . 
  especially if this person has repulsive personality . 
  so what 's the conclusion ? 
  you ca n't assume someone non-religious or real religious by looking their life style . 
  you need to know their whole life story , but it is unique and it is between god and the person . 
  that 's why only god can know whether someone is real religious . 
  but of course pratically not easy to live like that . 
  so it is really complicated . 
  it 's just not our business , we 're not god . 
  there are things to learn from anyone 's life , but there are too many things to learn from great people 's lives . 
  it 's [ this one ] ( https://youtu.be/vtcbzvzt4ic ) , i guess . 
  butthurt ) . 
  it was a good win . 
  btw did anyone remain to keep us having hopes for gold ? 
  i hope we will not finish without any gold . 
  i remember people were talking about a target of total 15 medal . 
  sheldon , is that you ? 
  `` do n't swear in front of kid , fucking asshole ! '', 
  so it is not shittyjoke explainbot , it is actually shitty jokeexplain bot . 
  germany , i guess . 
  turkey has specific culture maybe in 81 provinces . 
  but i think i can say we use tomatoes a lot . 
  mostly bazaars or markets . 
  tomatoes/cucumbers from directly garden are of course much desired , and still reachable for many people especially out of metropolis . 
   where are the secular turks ? 
  seculars in turkey are mostly western ally . 
  how they can talk while western media is bullshitting on turkey .
