  erdogan was always antidemocratic against us but as you see they used to be very good friends with each other . 
  nobody was caring us seculars in turkey back then . 
   have you asked yourself these questions ? 
  no need to make that much philosophy , there are more simple questions to ask . 
  what happened after western people started to say `` saddam is dictator , ghaddafi is dictator , assad is dictator ... '' how are these countries now ? 
  peaceful ? 
  who is next dude ? 
  really ? 
  i truly dislike erdogan but he is way better than this ignorant and hypocrite shits . 
  obviously when westerns start to hate a country , it does n't end well if they try to `` fix '' . 
  and i truly hate gulenists what they did in our country . 
  you guys insist that akp and mhp are some retarded shits but if you want to win an election against an opponent first you need to know wtf is happening , right ? 
  there are more peaceful ways than shitty coups . 
  just secular and smart people may stop hating government and expecting external supports . 
  they should go make friend with erdogan , then trying to make turkey a more successful country at diplomacy . 
  with anyone , syria , west , east . 
  but i do n't know if that will happen . 
  ignorance is bliss , 
  * greek yoghurt ( ironically ) if you are in us/eu . 
  best is coming to turkey and do it with real yoghurt . 
  or directly buy turkish ayran brands . 
  btw some little bit mint is optional , 
  imo he tried to show him as just a guy living in rural pennsylvania and made fun of claims he might be behind of something that big . 
  turkey is like no other and completely unique . 
  total ignorance to call it as diet syria . 
  yes indeed , but still it 's country found by atat\u00fcrk . 
  a secular smart guy 's country which was found after a devastated empire . 
  does n't really look anything common with syria except some part of borders . 
  i see my comment is downvoted , so would ask it in better manner . 
  sir , why you think it 's diet syria ? 
  demographically , historically , religious or politically ? 
  what kind of similarity they have ? 
  or this is a malevolent ignorance . 
  ok dude , thanks for info , of course i 'm not taking him much serious but still wanted to share what i thought . 
  yes , we also know it 's joke . 
  just not a cool one . 
  sincerely thank you very much for long explanation . 
  i saw it in the video and i just said haha funny . 
  but then this dude wrote it here with `` sad , but true '' . 
  he does n't seem joking anymore . 
  got the message , i 'm wishing you 're wrong . 
  ok dude as you wish , that 's an impressive coup love . 
  stop answering me like i 'm saying erdogan is democratic . 
  not even close . 
  stop thinking like westerners are way better than us . 
  not really , average citizen is always dumb and very open to manipulate . 
  does n't matter which country . 
  if westerners are `` god '' why the f.ck we live here then ? 
  we should just give all our control to them and enjoy peaceful democratic life . 
  he should go because he 's saying `` kandirildik '' about such important things . 
  not because he 's `` dictator '' . 
  thanks to eu which means they basically being governed by brussels . 
  coup would be against brussels or what ? 
  ukraine is not really good at the moment , no surprise as it 's not a member . 
  do you speak turkish ? 
  did you watch all of his speech ? 
  this is not a sentence just out of nowhere . 
  i checked his account and yeap , indeed a negative karma . 
  interesting . 
  not sure if serious or trolling . 
  agreed , also possibly most will be annoyed by length of the question and also the guy who asks it . 
  pity to miss it . 
  because d\u00f6ner is best mostly with ayran . 
  should try simit + ayran as well . 
  first zdf thing and now that ? 
  \u0130stikrar , at its best . 
  i 'm not even religious but to try creating a copy of europeans from turks is a ridiculous 18 yo teenager dream . 
  an average close-minded citizen may be found a lot in every country , i wonder if you 've ever been in europe , not only touristic places . 
  i totally agree they 've improved their civilization more than us . 
  but you ca n't just take it to here , it 's impossible to fit so easily . 
  how the f.ck even you will educate these people ( mostly akp voters ) while you so much hate them ? 
  if you want them to suddenly disappear , let me remind you the european civilization is found on the holiness of individual 's life . 
  about uk , yeap the arguments they used for supporting leave during brexit campaign is ridiculous . 
  still they manipulated people . 
  about trump , yeah he ca n't too much screw us as it 's a law state but you know usually unsuccessful american politicians screw entire world . 
  the other option is hillary , imo life again makes you choose between bad and worse . 
  even though i 'm not sure which one is which . 
  turkish people are actually same in different ways , as you said we have n't really absorbed democracy yet . 
  what people say and how they behave is complete facepalm reason in turkey . 
  both sides are ignorant , hateful and full of prejudices . 
  always insisting on noneffective ways , never research more . 
  ottoman lovers shut down kuleli which is a real heritage from ottoman times , atat\u00fcrk lovers hate their own nation . 
  they both insanely love their land and flag , but also hate each other . 
  some turks always say turkey is a parallel universe , indeed it 's . 
  it was n't any hidden message or sarcastic comment . 
  i do n't know because i do n't really follow them , it 's lack of information not a message . 
  i can try to explain my opinions more if you 're interested and have questions , would gladly read your comments as well . 
  good luck dude . 
  i 'm glad i 'm turkish and not someone to vote , but the thing is this election literally affects us directly . 
  i wonder if our generation has seen/will see a politician to deeply respect . 
  i actually liked it . 
  i liked brezilya as well . 
  i think i just like this song in any form . 
  let me offer you better way , first conservatives and seculars make peace somehow , then state coming back to a serious and powerful form , a very respecful turkish army makes everyone feel safe in that shitty middle earth , and then after we all feel safe we make our country more democratic for everyone including kurds as well . 
  the more critical thing is turks hating other turks at the moment . 
  there are more people who feels himself/herself belong to turkish nation and flag than those who do n't but this politic atmosphere whit full of hate and idiotism makes people consider some other options , like even some turks here start to think maybe kurdistan is not a bad idea at the end . 
  we all want to feel safe , more and before everything . 
  we felt always safe thanks to our heroes , tsk . 
  does n't matter which ethnicity or political opinions or religions . 
  just like nr1 rule at work : safety first .
