that 's good to hear . 
  well then they 're not persian . 
  persian is an ethnicity and unless they 're mixed , then they ca n't be both . 
  i think you mean iranian jews ? 
  that 's nice to hear . 
   most iranians in austria ( and i guess most of europe ) , fled from the islamic revolution , which means that most of them are more secular and educated than the `` average '' immigrant . 
  it 's the same here in the us . 
  what about recent iranian migrants though ? 
  do they integrate as well as the ones who fled the islamic revolution ? 
   also their perception is pretty positive in my opinion , when i hear `` iran '' or `` persia '' i tend to think of ancient culture , great food and beautiful women . 
  interesting . 
  are there any other countries/ethnicities from mena that you have a positive perception of ? 
  and i agree , i love reading about the persian empire . 
  their food is also amazing , i used to visit my iranian friend 's house as often as i could when i was young , their food was delicious and they were incredibly hospitable . 
  it did n't matter if i had gone over there 100 + times , they still treated me like i visited them for the first time . 
  and yes , iran has some incredibly beautiful women . 
  i swing for the other team , so i am more interested in the guys . 
  `` tall , dark and handsome '' is my favorite type , and i have met a lot of iranians here who fit into that category . 
  i see . 
  how do other ethnicities from mena fare ? 
  how well do modern day jews , berbers or kurds integrate ? 
  those are the only other ethnicities from mena that i know of unfortunately . 
  if you know of any other , besides the one you mentioned , i 'd like to hear about them as well . 
  than every other immigrant background , or just other mena immigrants ? 
  since you 're from norway , i hope you do n't mind me asking this , but according to wikipedia you guys have a sizeable kurd immigrant group as well , right ? 
  how do they integrate compared to persians ? 
  here in the us they are very similar and it 's almost impossible to tell them apart . 
  i know that historically they are very similar groups , with the same ancestry , so i thought that might be a reason . 
   thereafter anyone who came was middle class and working class , muslim shias . 
  i found out that the religious persians i met usually had their children grow up non-religious . 
  most , if not all , persians/kurds i have met in the us were non-religious . 
  a few first generation immigrants were religious , but their children were n't . 
  indeed . 
  we have two oceans separating us from others . 
  i think the latino immigrants to the us is similar to the mena immigrants to europe . 
  it 's closer to the us so they get in a lot easier . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i associate them with stem fields . 
  most persians i have met have been non-religious . 
  sounds like there is a story here . 
  could you share it with us ? 
   anyways , my personal and highly anecdotal impression ; i \u00b4 ve met 4 iranians - all md \u00b4 s. . . 
  there are a lot of persians in the stem fields here in the us as well . 
  there are a lot of bright minds from that place , throughout history and modern times . 
   some of them also integrate well into western european society because they 're not religious or only a little . 
  yeah i noticed this as well . 
  the less religious they are , the better they assimilate . 
  arabs i knew growing up did n't assimilate that well , but the persians and kurds i knew did . 
  they were indistinguishable from everyone else . 
  i see . 
  so persians usually assimilate well , but arabs and turks do n't ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  i have noticed the same here . 
  most persians and kurds i have met have assimilated well , but arabs usually stay in their own enclaves and do n't assimilate too much . 
  i have n't met that many turks unfortunately . 
   do n't forget that `` europe '' is not a single , monolithic entity , and what may be true for some places is n't for others of course . 
  i should 've clarified that , my bad . 
   for instance , according to our statistics , less than 0.06 % of immigrants to spain are iranians . 
  and this reflects in reality , i do n't think there are many iranians living here and most people probably never met one . 
  i 've only ever met one iranian , it was a woman in madrid and she worked doing nails . 
  she spoke a nice spanish , i remember that . 
  yeah , according to wikipedia there 's like 12.000 iranians in spain . 
  that 's not many at all . 
  there 's around a million here in the us iirc . 
  i have noticed that iranians tend to integrate better than other immigrant groups , even though they 're from the neighbouring countries . 
  the religiousness probably plays a role . 
  here in the us at least , most mena people i have met tend to be very religious , with the exception of iranians ( including the few kurdish i have met ) . 
   i do n't think there are sizable iranian minorities anywhere in europe there are a good amount of them throughout european countries according to wikipedia . 
  most notably in germany , sweden , russia , uk and denmark . 
  i have met a lot of them working in the stem fields , our old family doctor was from iran . 
  he was a great guy . 
   i just do n't see any other posts or comments . 
  you might have deleted them . 
  of course you have any right to do so and of course you can have as many profiles as you like . 
  that 's what i do . 
  i discuss a topic and leave it . 
  when i want to talk about something completely different i delete my old posts and start anew . 
  i only do this on my throwaway account though . 
  i do it because i think it leads to a more unbiased discussion , but that could be wrong . 
   but when you start such a discussion i ( and maybe others ) would like to see your true colors and know about your motivation . 
  it 's a sensitive subject that can easily abused . 
  that i understand . 
  my motivation is my curiosity . 
  i had the discussion about it with a girl on campus , so i wanted to learn more about how it was in europe . 
   and i have the impression , that 's maybe the point of this post . 
  that 's fair and i see where you 're coming from . 
  for what it 's worth , i only wish to know your opinions about it . 
  i have no foul intentions , and i hope for nothing more than a civil discussion about the topic . 
   imo it 's absolutely fine to ask about the perception of foreigners and other cultures . 
  including and maybe especially about those who are not be very popular . 
  you might get some racist and xenophobic answers but i think that 's the price you pay when you have an open discussion . 
  hopefully the thread as hole can balance that out . 
  i 'm well aware what sort of opinions this type of question brings out , and i 'm ok with it . 
  i want to hear all sides . 
   but i am very , very suspicious when such a discussion gets started by a user with an obvious throwaway account . 
  a throwaway account that just got acivated the moment before a seemingly innocent question was posted . 
  well this is the throwaway account i use for innocent questions i do n't want to ask on my main account . 
  if you check the profile , it 's a few months old . 
  i do n't have any malicious thoughts or intent , i 'm just curious . 
   no , sir , i do n't wan na take part in your discussion .
