the ` new ' ira is an amalgamation of the rira and the derry-based group ` republican action against drugs ' ( raad ) . 
  the cira still exists , but there are two factions . 
  one is a bit like a drug gang , the other is a * lot * like a drug gang . 
  you 're not mistaken . 
  paramilitaries of all shades come out hard against drug dealers when it suits them . 
  most , if not all , paramilitary groups in northern ireland will sanction drug dealers to operate in their areas and take a cut . 
  people who do n't pay the cut , or who deal in ` banned ' drugs like heroin , are the people who end up getting punished . 
  i live in northern ireland . 
  i would say that the police/security forces do know exactly who they are . 
  unfortunately , getting enough evidence to put them before a court is a different matter . 
  every time one of these attacks happen , you read about the police arresting suspects a few days later ( i believe some people were arrested today in relation to this attack ) . 
  this shows that there is probably a decent flow of information from the public to the police , and that they have a good idea who is behind the attacks . 
  unfortunately , tipping off the police of someone 's involvement is very different to standing up in court and testifying against them . 
  i had n't considered that gibraltar would be taking part in the referendum . 
  it will be interesting to see how they vote , though i 'd guess they 're quite pro-eu as it offers some protection against the spanish government 's arsing about at the border . 
  northern ireland - lurgan/craigavon i agree with you about barstow , ca . 
  that place is a shithole . 
  when i made that comment the post was upvoted . 
  and please do n't try and say there is n't an anti-uk sentiment on this subreddit when there clearly is . 
  because it 's reddit ; the uk is bad and real europe is good . 
  get with the programme . 
  you obviously do n't understand the complexities of the situation in northern ireland . 
  that fact obviously is n't popular today . 
  the republic of ireland is n't in the schengen area . 
  this discussion is about how scotland would be required to join the schengen area if it joined the eu . 
  there 's no requirement for a border between the uk and the republic of ireland to be enforced . 
  there 's a wales in your england there sunshine . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  they include many non-european countries . 
  signal has improved massively in the last few years . 
  they 're also the only network to offer unlimited data . 
  i get unlimited 4g , unlimited minutes and free roaming for # 20 per month . 
  the ' 3 ' network in the uk already offers free roaming in most european countries and others including the usa , canada and australia . 
  i 'm pointing out that there 's no logical reason for anyone to take spain 's side other than the usual anti-uk circlejerk . 
  complaining about colonies should really be reserved for countries that do n't have colonies , so that pretty much excludes spain and france as well as the uk . 
  i do n't care about the ` our colony is an integral part of the country ' bullshit ( a nice way to get around the un 's stance on decolonisation ) . 
  if it walks like a colony , if it quacks like a colony , it 's a fucking colony . 
  the uk and gibraltar are also in europe . 
  europe and the eu are not the same thing , although this sub seems to think that they are . 
  could go the long way round . 
   barcelona  spanish triggered ... 
   there will most likely be one according to current predictions what current predictions ? 
  except for the fact that the uk economy has performed far better than expected since the referendum and all the economists have had to alter their predictions . 
  the uk is not in a recession and there is no indication that there will be one . 
  the us would never join a union which allowed free and unlimited migration . 
  in the us those branches of government would never have approved joining something like the eu in the first place though . 
  that 's why obama 's ` intervention ' in the campaign for ` remain ' was so unsuccessful and possibly even damaged the ` remain ' side , because people were intelligent enough to realise that he was advocating something that he would ** never ** want his own country to be part of . 
  a lot . 
  they killed soldiers by using women to lure them away from nightclubs and shot them ( ` the three scottish soldiers ' being one example ) . 
  they killed scores of off-duty police officers by placing bombs under their personal vehicles ( in one case a policeman 's young daughter was killed in the explosion ) . 
  they killed an off-duty policeman by shooting him in the car park of the maternity ward where he had just visited his newborn child . 
  people do n't have a bloody clue what went on here . 
  people who support the ira are either callous on a frankly unbelievable level or simply misinformed about what they actually did . 
  but it would n't remain a member of the eu so that 's a mute point . 
  let 's not forget that wales voted to leave . 
  even if they did n't , wales would n't meet the economic criteria for eu membership . 
  look at the bloody opinion polls instead of getting belligerent about it . 
  there 's hardly any support for independence in wales . 
  you 're missing my point . 
  i 'm saying that a soft brexit is possible if we resign ourselves to accepting eu regulations . 
  basically keeping everything the same as it is now but withdrawing from the european commission and parliament and not being a full member . 
  there would be such thing as a soft brexit if we accepted that free movement of people could allow access to the single market , which is what happens in switzerland ( at the moment ) and the efta countries . 
  they missed belfast to derry too , which is one of europe 's most scenic train routes along the causeway coast and has just had it 's capacity increased to once-hourly . 
  well technically northern ireland is ` another country ' despite being on the same small island , and there * is * a lot of cross-border traffic . 
  the people who voted remain , plus the people who voted leave who have now realised that the campaign was full of lies and that a hard brexit will crash our economy . 
  i 'd say these two groups now make up over 50 % . 
  soft brexit for me is worse than no brexit , but if we can stay in the eea and customs union whilst keeping most of the other terms intact ( including free movement of labour ) , at least we 've some hope of avoiding the cliff edge . 
  that leaves you with the ukip-ers who wo n't be happy anyway as long as foreigners are still allowed to work here . 
  okay , but if you 've only been to one beach , then how do you know they 're all full of louts ? 
  well , i spent a weekend in madrid recently and managed to keep all my clothes on and did n't even do an impression of manuel from fawlty towers . 
  am i doing it right ? 
  croatia markets itself as a cheaper spain . 
  working class people absolutely do go there . 
  working class people go anywhere that jet2 flies to . 
  by ` rest of europe ' i 'm sure he means a few cheap beach resorts and a handful of cities popular with stag parties . 
  yep , that 's why everyone else got to keep hold of all their small colonies without people moaning about it . 
  countries like france made their colonies ` integral parts ' of the country whereas the uk kept theirs separate . 
  some nutjob on youtube . 
  fair enough , there 's one . 
  i 've literally never heard any british person equate eu membership to genocide . 
  colloquial in the same way that ` fart ' is . 
  possibly worth clarifying for our european compadres that in british english , the word ` trump ' means ` fart ' . 
  yes , the uprg . 
  but that does n't change the fact that the uda has n't carried out ` political ' attacks for a long time . 
  all their activities this year have been over an internal dispute over drug dealing , and the only people they 've killed are their own members . 
  i disagree with your reasoning . 
  a great deal has changed since the troubles and collusion between security forces and paramilitaries is a thing of the past . 
  well , they do . 
  the uda and uvf are both banned organisations and have been for a long time . 
  neither organisation are active in a political sense , they 're basically just drugs gangs . 
   i 'm an idiot i was thinking it was about brexit . 
  that should be this subreddit 's tagline . 
  they have practically zero support . 
  even in belfast it 's just one or two shitty housing estates where some people believe that they 've got no other purpose than to keep ` the war ' going . 
  i 'm proud to say that the vast , vast majority of people on this island have moved a long way from this bullshit . 
  the continuing violence in northern ireland barely makes the news in gb , let alone europe . 
  if it 's a conspiracy , it 's because the government wants everyone to think everything in northern ireland is ok . also , they were ` busted ' in the * republic of * ireland . 
  abbott is extremely gaffe-prone and gives off the general impression that she does n't know what she 's talking about . 
  she is the quintessential champagne socialist , and has found herself in her current position simply because she 's one of the few who has clung to the sinking corbyn ship . 
  she also plays the race card every time she is criticised .
