  i think i 'm correct in saying that towards the end , students of hers who spoke english as a second language were given out-of-hours tuition and learning materials which were n't available to native speakers . 
  you might want to remove it from the sheep before you do that , haha . 
  i should n't take the piss , i 'm sat within 150m of over 100 sheep ( i 'm not in the middle of a field with my trousers around my ankles , i just live in the countryside ) . 
  humour me . 
  what makes you say that ? 
   are you aware that the slave trade in haiti was so brutal that they simply replaced the slaves as they died ? 
  are you proud of this ? 
  thank goodness gremany and france are the most influential countries in the eu . 
  at school i was taught about slavery and the slave trade in british overseas possessions , but its existence in haiti , being a colony of one of the two nations you mention in the above post , was not studied . 
  thank the lord himself that france and germany , both nations with unequivocally purer histories , wield a greater degree of leverage within the confines of the eu than this truly villainous little isle which has contributed so little of any value to western civilisation . 
  are you acknowledging our superiority or condemning the perception we have of ourselves ? 
  i jest , of course . 
  in truth , the commonly held belief that we have a so-called ` superiority complex ' was unknown to me prior to joining this subreddit . 
  2 ) yes . 
  are those answers correctly ordered ? 
  after drinking umpteen pints of carling and gorging myself on a greasy kebab i 'm not so sure . 
  have any eastern european ` redditors ' noticed that their countrymen returning from the uk are somewhat porkier than when they left ? 
  i remember the poles et al. 
  were significantly trimmer and healthier in appearance than the english when they began to arrive en masse over ten years ago . 
  they 're still slimmer than us on average , but there are plenty of chubby foreigners ( especially the women for some reason unbeknownst to me ) around these days . 
  they 've , to some extent , adopted british dietary habits . 
  i thought it quite funny when recently queuing behind a rather large man , who i believe was polish , to spot a selection of ginsters pasties in his shopping basket . 
  rossiya svyashchennaya nasha derzhava ... edit : my goodness , people do n't like it when you quote that particular anthem . 
  oops !, 
   you need to realise that by removing the american military presence from europe , you remove ** one ** of the greatest obstacles that currently stands in the way of russian westward expansion . 
  the presence of the us armed forces is one of the greatest obstacles . 
  not the sole obstacle , and arguably not the greatest obstacle , that currently stands in the way of russian westward expansion . 
  at no point in the two and a half lines i wrote did i state that it is the intention of the russian state to subjugate all the peoples of europe . 
  i am very happy with the presence of the us military in the uk and i believe my opinion is echoed across the nation . 
  you need to realise that by removing the american military presence from europe , you remove one of the greatest obstacles that currently stands in the way of russian westward expansion . 
  am i correct to assume you 're asserting these nations could defeat russia in an armed conflict as a joint force rather than on an individual basis ? 
  i have a great deal of faith in the armed forces of my nation , but only with the partnership of france could we cripple such a force . 
  think about it , that 's got to be one hell of a bratwurst . 
  my uncle owns a fresh produce company and will most definitely be voting to remain in the eu . 
  at present he directly employs approximately 45 people , of whom 35/38 are labourers from eastern eu states . 
  in addition to this , a number of employment agencies supply him with extra staff , all of whom are lithuanian . 
  i 'll be voting to leave the eu , though i do n't work in the agricultural sector . 
  could you not equally be accused of painting a rather rosy picture of a pan-european intelligence and security organisation ? 
  the implications simply are not palatable at present , and shall remain so until public demand for further integration is significantly greater . 
  of course , coming from the uk i may have a somewhat skewed view handing certain powers to brussels on a platter compared to others in this continent . 
  the structures of our intelligence agencies are going to have to modernise , though i think ( and that 's all it is , my opinion ) a step as extreme as the one you suggest will require a number of decades and countless streaks of luck to implement . 
  at no point did you suggest otherwise , that i 'm aware , but it seems to me an unfathomably huge task to undertake . 
  i ca n't argue with your first point , you 're right and that 's something i overlooked . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with the second point you raise , either , though i question whether russia requires almost 2,000 operational weapons to deter external aggression . 
  if russia had an arsenal a third of its current size surely it 'd still command a considerable amount of respect ? 
  i do not understand why both russia and the usa maintain such large nuclear stockpiles . 
  the associated costs are immense , and i struggle to fathom why either nation needs so many in active service when tens , rather than hundreds or thousands are all that are needed to bring even the largest nations to their knees . 
  naturally , you need to take anti-ballistic missile systems into consideration and the possibility that some may not reach their target , but there is such a thing as overkill . 
  i do n't claim to know a lot on this subject , but surely having in excess of 2,000 warheads in active service , like russia , is tantamount to bringing an entire cutlery drawer to a knife fight . 
  as such , i do n't think any attempts should be made by any european nation to build or expand their existing stockpile . 
  jeremy , is that you ? 
  it 's a good job the intelligence and security organisations on the continent are ` king hopeless then . 
  i 'd sooner salute during the marseillaise than that soppy crap . 
  why do you ask ? 
  actually , dental care is one of the services offered by the nhs which is n't completely free of charge . 
  patients are required to contribute towards their treatment , though it is heavily subsidised . 
  for example , a friend of mine whose nickname is ` jaws ' lost most of his teeth in his late teens following a hang gliding accident . 
  i think he only had to pay # 200 / # 300 for his treatment , which could easily have cost in excess of # 25,000 had he have used a private dental practice . 
  are you speaking from experience ? 
  hehe . 
  joking aside , i 'm sure our prostitutes do have teeth ; they probably just take them out and place them in a glass of mouthwash whilst soliciting . 
  your infrastructure is maintained to a greater degree ( roads and waterways ) , as are public spaces ( far less litter and more of an emphasis on keeping these areas tidy ) . 
  have you ever visited england ? 
  we 're almost as lax as the belgians in my opinion . 
  british euroscepticism is primarily centered around the issue of immigration , though i do believe there 's growing concern about the prospect of a so-called ` ever closer ' union . 
  i have been surprised in recent weeks by how many people i presumed were pro-eu are stating their intention to vote to leave . 
  these people typically speak fondly of the eu , but believe the free movement of persons has detrimentally affected their lifestyle . 
  to be quite honest , me neither . 
  i really do n't feel as though i live in one of the wealthier european nations . 
  recently visited a relative of mine who lives in the netherlands , a nation which i have to say felt enormously more prosperous . 
  ah , higher than that other country i 'm obviously referring to . 
  petty rivalry feels good ... today . 
  i 've seen first hand how terribly behaved young brits , germans and swedes are in magaluf . 
  brits starting fights . 
  germans vandalising cars . 
  swedes urinating on people from balconies . 
  i 'll never go on a lads holiday again . 
  england is a really nice place during the summer because all of our dick heads are slow-roasting themselves in spain . 
  we 've really managed to fuck huge swathes of that country up . 
  russian submarines . 
  nah , they 're oil rigs and large ships . 
  never , in the history of baked snacks , was so much owed by so many to so few . 
  i see a lot of people laud the eu and wish i was so fulfilled . 
  the effects caused by the free movement of persons have literally given me sleepless nights and caused a lot of upset in my family . 
  i 'm quite wary of ` ever closer union ' to boot . 
  i believe he 's stated previously that he became a proponent of greater eu integration whilst driving a lamborghini gallardo along the southern coast of italy . 
  i should say a great many of us would share his attitude if we were paid in excess of # 10m p/a to drive italian supercars by the mediterranean . 
  yes , i am a tiny bit jealous . 
  i live in the lincolnshire wolds , though i spent the first fifteen years of my life living in [ boston , lincolnshire ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/boston-how-a-lincolnshire-town-became-the-most-divided-place-in-england-a6838041.html ) , which is why your story sounds very familiar . 
  barring a small number of facilities and utilities , most noticeably the health service of course , almost every aspect of life is segregated . 
  in truth , ethnic enclaves now exist in the area and have done since at least 2007 . 
  it 's no happy coincidence , both the locals and the e.european migrants go out of their way to avoid each other . 
  we have separate supermarkets , night clubs , gyms , barbers and hairdressers , banks , cafes , clothing shops and oriental restaurants . 
  it 's far more economical in the short-run to import a skilled workforce rather than invest in training the existing resident population . 
  your comment is agonisingly true as we are essentially sweeping an issue under the carpet . 
  it 's too late i 'm afraid . 
  buzz aldrin has stated on numerous occasions that ` clog tracks ' were observed on the moon . 
  i do n't believe a mutually exclusive answer is either fitting or valid . 
  i appreciate that there are certain attitudes regarding europe and europeans prevalent here which are guaranteed to foster ill feeling across the continent . 
  conversely , i also believe residual animosity towards the british , forged decades or centuries ago by jealousy and resentment , contribute to critical attitudes .
