  an anecdote of mine is that when working for the company i mentioned in the paragraph above , i befriended a polish guy who worked as a forklift driver . 
  he was on minimum wage and could n't have been happier . 
  he was earning more than his uncle back home in poland who was a doctor . 
  he was sending his money back home to his partner , who was using the money to build a bloody massive home in the pomeranian countryside . 
  if we could afford to build such homes on that money , we 'd all be perfectly content on # 6.70 ph. 
  another redditor wrote a reasonable response , which i 've quoted below . 
  the comment was deleted seconds before i got a chance to reply , but i believe it answers a number of questions others may have . 
   ** do you not think there are bigger problems ? 
  like inequality , centralisation ? 
  ** the problems you mention are both appreciable , though the influx of low-skilled workers from central and eastern europe is somewhat immoral in my view . 
  it leads to wage dumping , making the poorest members of a community worse off , whilst benefitting those on the top rung . 
  ashamedly , members of my extended family are guilty of replacing their english workforce with labourers from the baltic states . 
  to their benefit , they 're saving around # 2 per worker , per hour . 
  they employ approximately thirty-five low-skilled migrants , so they 're making considerable savings . 
  they were financially successful whilst employing people at # 8.00 - # 8.50 ph , and are even more so now . 
  it 's widespread practice here in lincolnshire , especially in the agricultural sector . 
  one of my older brothers left university in the midst of the financial crisis and was unable to find a job in his desired profession . 
  he was , however , fortunate enough to get a decent paid job , working as a production manager for a fresh produce supplier . 
  one of his first first jobs was to inform the english workers that unless they learnt basic lithuanian , they 'd face wage cuts . 
  in the following weeks and months he was asked to make a number of unfair demands and threats . 
  the desired effect was to make the conditions of their employment so unbearable they 'd leave . 
  eventually they either left or were made redundant , and were largely replaced by lithuanians working on minimum wage . 
  during my gap year i spent four months working as a ` productivity officer ' for another fresh produce supplier and witnessed similar steps being made by the management . 
  my ` beef ' is n't so much with the migrants themselves , but what low-skilled migration on the scale we 've witnessed in recent years enables employers to do . 
  less low-skilled migration . 
  you obviously do n't follow tiddlywinks . 
  perhaps not the most sensitive rebuke i 've read , though one can sympathise with the sentiment . 
  do n't forget the constant flow of tu-95s and tu-160s over the north sea !, 
  they 're obviously preparing for a full-scale invasion of skegness !, 
  i worry that i 'll still be living with my parents at 30 . 
  i 'm in my early 20s , have a good job and decent savings , but house prices are climbing so rapidly i lose sleep at night thinking about it . 
  my parents bought their current home in 2008 , had the property evaluated last month and found it 's increased in value by almost 50 % in the past 7.5 years . 
  not good . 
  you would struggle to even rent a property these days . 
  landlords have snapped up so many homes in recent years , amassing large portfolios , and they almost exclusively rent the properties out to foreign-born employment agency workers . 
  a guy who is a ` loose ' friend of the family owns almost 900 terrace houses in my county . 
  a friend of his owns almost 200 . 
  instead of renting the properties out to families , he has an agreement to home the workers . 
  it 's ruined the community . 
  he 's packing 10-15 ( sometimes over 20 ) people into small 2 bedroom properties , which has led to an explosion in crime . 
  people are living in worse surrounds for double the money . 
  must ... eat ... more ... chips ... to bring glory ... to ... the realm . 
  my employer has had me `` on-call '' for the past 5 weeks , so i 've not touched a drop since early january . 
  without taking my current situation into consideration , it 's fairly typical for me to go dry sunday-thursday and hit it big time on friday . 
  everything starts off with good intentions , i meet up with friends , head to town and then i wake up at 10am on saturday covered in grazes and kebab stains , # 40 - # 60 worse off , struggling to comprehend the events of the previous night . 
  i then go out on saturday and repeat the process . 
  as a veteran of magaluf , i can safely say that it does n't matter whether you were born in germany , ireland , sweden or the uk ... we all know how to get mortalled . 
  i would also say that my drinking habits are fairly typical of somebody my age . 
  i am in complete agreement . 
  i can not comprehend how vehemently the uk electorate would defend the internal market if the movement of people were restricted . 
  just how many resources and by what mediums they plan on utilising are questions i 'd be very interested to see answered . 
  obviously , these are questions i 'm not expecting to see answered . 
  russia would have to channel ludicrously huge sums of money into such a project in a very short time scale to influence the outcome of the referendum to even the smallest degree . 
  rt , the russian propaganda outlet , is watched by a miniscule share of uk tv viewers , so i guess the lebedev newspapers are putin 's only mainstream vehicles to spread discourse . 
  i could easily be wrong here , so do n't take my word for it . 
  besides , putin has probably emptied his coffer trying to fight against eu wide renewable energy projects . 
  i feel a bromance coming on . 
  hehe . 
  that is a shame . 
  i lived in a town with a really small portuguese community , and much was made of the old alliance to make them feel welcome . 
  the most longevous alliance has not been forgotten and , assuming you 're portuguese , you 'll know that our two nations still enjoy very strong relations . 
  i 've heard it said more frequently than i can recall that portugal is our truest ally . 
  yeah , we 're lucky to have such a steadfast friend . 
  good health !, 
  one thing i can say is we love your beer !, 
   - uk , specifically england , because of the alliance ah , this warmed the cockles of my heart . 
  australia , canada , new zealand and the usa to a lesser extent . 
  whilst i have a fondness for a number of european nations , i ca n't think of any we 're close enough to identify as a so-called brother nation . 
  perhaps somebody from merseyside would consider ireland as one . 
  i saw the exact same aircraft at either the 2013 or 2014 waddington airshow . 
  the pilot did an excellent job at entertaining the crowd and demonstrated the maneuverability of the aging aircraft very well . 
  the turkish af also fielded an f-16 , which arguably performed an even more impressive demonstration . 
  [ this landing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbwefz_widq ) , performed by the turkish f-16 at the air show , attracted a lot of media attention . 
  it 's a shame waddington no longer hosts the event . 
  the result of the referendum will be primarily determined by attitudes towards eu-uk immigration and a perceived threat to national identity . 
  i 'll presuppose fears relating to the so-called ` democratic deficit ' and ` impotence ' of the union will be thoroughly scrutinised in the weeks leading to the vote and have a lesser , albeit significant influence on the result . 
  rest assured , as well received obama may be here in the uk , any attempt to influence the outcome of the referendum will largely go unnoticed . 
   his `` reach out '' is likely to focus on the need for the eu to stick together to combat the migration crisis and the growing threat of russian aggression in the baltics , ukraine and middle east . 
  if those are the most emotive issues they can think of they 're wasting their time . 
  i 've heard that russia is ruled with an iron fist , but i had no idea they were ` medicated ' by it too . 
   what sacrifice ? 
  one could be forgiven for interpreting that as a willfully ignorant comment . 
   and going by that logic , we should have allowed much bigger influence for the soviet union than the us ( by a factor of like 100 ) in comparison . 
  you have misunderstood me , as that is certainly not the point i was making . 
  besides , if you 're going to follow that argument it 's worth mentioning that a great many of the ussr 's casualties were inflicted during the defence of their nation , whereas america 's were brought about almost exclusively through the liberation of western european nations ( in regards to the european theatre of war ) . 
  you need to consider what the two superpowers did for nations in their respective spheres of influence throughout the cold war and ask yourself which of the two championed freedom and conceded a greater degree of self-determination . 
  did the soviet union save the nations of the east from america , or did america save the nations of the west from the soviet union ? 
  ok , but at the same time it 'd be foolish to expect the americans to have retreated back across the atlantic after '45 without taking their pound of flesh , especially after the sacrifice and effort they made to secure our freedom . 
  such benevolence is a thing of imagination . 
   companies are just not paying enough , and that 's it . 
  i am in agreement you . 
  i am a mechanical engineer , my dad was a civil engineer and a number of my friends and family members also engineers or technicians . 
  all of us receive/received a decent wage , but they are dwarfed by those received by our opposite numbers in north america and australia . 
  my dad frequently received job offers from american companies , largely discounting them , but a few peaked his interest . 
  roughly 12 years ago he received a job offer from a company in virginia beach and the salary offered was over three times greater than what he received here . 
  we went over there for a few days and he very nearly accepted the position , but ultimately decided against it for family reasons . 
  sometimes i think it was a mistake . 
  a couple of my friends , both refrigeration/air-con engineers , recently emigrated to australia for jobs which paid almost twice as well as their positions here . 
  give it a few years and i think i 'll be considering a move abroad . 
  that would be pretty unfair on the french , would n't it ?
