it would n't hurt to throw nuclear armageddon in there just for good measure . 
  i 'd kill for england to have a population density of 45/km \u00b2 ( not literally , although that certainly would be an effective method of reducing the population ) . 
  i apologise for being inarticulate . 
  i do n't consider your comment to be belligerent in the slightest . 
  i simply thought i 'd chirp in without reason to state that the dutch are generally more amiable towards us than others on the continent and do not `` hate us cuz they ai n't us '' , which was obviously a comment made in jest . 
  i have had the good fortune to visit the netherlands on a number of occasions ; stays usually highlight our own shortcomings . 
  generally speaking i 've always found the dutch sentiment towards the english to be amongst the least belligerent on the continent . 
  i believe that the two monarchs ruled over a combined area of approximately 52,850,000 km \u00b2 when this photograph was taken . 
  to put that in perspective ; eurasia has an area of approximately 54,760,000 km \u00b2 . 
   france and england look like twins . 
  one has a noticeably sallower complexion ; living on a rainy island will do that to you . 
  i live in rural lincolnshire and my observations are as such : education : - i am a mechanical engineer , though as i am under 24 a number of evening courses taught at my nearest college which relate to my profession are subsidised ( eg . 
  i am charged # 1,600 to complete a course which ordinarily would cost me roughly twice the stated amount ) . 
  as such , over the past two years i have enrolled on a number of courses to broaden my knowledge and complement my c.v. 
  i recently applied for a position on an electrical engineering course , but received a letter last week informing me that as the funding for the course had been cut , i would no longer be able to study the subject . 
  not the end of the world by any means , but an annoyance nonetheless . 
  healthcare : - late last year i had to visit a&e at my nearest hospital following a motorcycle accident . 
  fortunately , i 've only had to visit a&e twice in my life ( once in 2011 ) . 
  living in a rural area with a massive eu migrant population working in the agricultural sector , a&e is always full of them ( so i 've been told ) owing to the unsafe nature of their work . 
  back in 2011 i had to queue for around 30 mins to see the receptionist and wait a further 4 hours before seeing a doctor . 
  last year i had to queue for 3.5 hours to see the receptionist and a further 5 hours to see a doctor . 
  i had to queue for such a long time because most of the eu migrants in front of me in the queue could n't speak english . 
  unfortunately for me ( and the migrants of course ) funding for the translation service had been cut , so the receptionists had to undertake an arduous process of deciphering what illness/injury the patient had before moving on to the next person in the queue . 
  in that time three people passed out , with one old guy cracking his head on the wall as he went down , spraying blood all over the place . 
  ridiculous is n't a strong enough word . 
  infrastructure : - the roads here are absolutely dire . 
  late last years i had to visit a rural region of poland near the border with belarus and i have to say the roads over there are better than those in my locale . 
  you can not drive more than 200ft without coming across a crater in the middle of the road around here . 
  when i was a young kid in the late 90s and early 00s , we used to laugh at the state of the roads in france when we holidayed over there . 
  you could n't do that now . 
  lame excuse : apologies for any disjointedness and/or poor grammar . 
  i 've just returned from a 20hr shift . 
  i 'll correct any discrepancies or delve into greater depth if necessary at some point tomorrow ( if i can remember ) . 
  surely you 'll agree that regardless of whether a person was born and raised in denver , honolulu , philadelphia or seattle , a common american identity unites these people . 
  i do n't claim to know the inner workings of the average american mind , though i would expect an overwhelming amount of opposition to a hypothetical union between yourselves and central and southern american nations ; pooling the sovereignty of all nations involved whilst granting those affected with freedom of movement . 
  as interesting as your comment was to read ( no sarcasm , i can say with honesty that i was not familiar with the compromise in the slightest ) , it does n't undermine my argument . 
  there are nations within 150km of our borders which we feel far less attachment and affiliation with than nations outside of the eu , over 19,000 km away . 
  again , there are nations within the eu which appear quite alien from a british standpoint , and with the admission of more nations into the union expected in years to come , i can only foresee this viewpoint becoming increasingly prevalent . 
  call me a pessimist , but the sense of unity enjoyed across the usa will be nigh on impossible to replicate in some areas of europe . 
  i would argue that it 's far less problematic for 50 states with a shared sense of identity and unity to pool their sovereignty than 28 nations which may not always exhibit such solidarity . 
  that 's not to say that the virtues i attribute to the usa are not to be found within the eu , but they 're certainly lacking in some regions . 
  besides , i rather think the daft ape was implying that there would be massive opposition at home if the usa were to say , share sovereignty with its neighbours to the north and south . 
  changing point , i really do not see why there is such buildup to obama 's visit next week and the inevitable speech regarding the uk 's relationship with the eu . 
  surely a man in his position would be thought less of if he did n't wade into the issue . 
  i firmly support britain 's withdrawal from the eu , but that is my view . 
  make of it what you will . 
  [ it is indeed quite disconcerting how poorly informed so very many people are . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-36029703 )  over the past five years the number of eu nationals living in the uk has gone up by almost 700,000 to 3.3 million . 
  it 's also quite reassuring to note that the rapid development we 've witnessed in the economies of the eastern member states is helping to bring the number of migrants from that region down to more sustainable volumes . 
   the report said 49 % of the 700,000 were from poland and romania , but spain , italy and portugal accounted for 24 % . 
  oh ... maybe not . 
  `` i have n't had a cunt all night , drinkstable '' . 
   if we stay in the eu we will have to swallow the ttip together with the rest of the proverbial eu cock . 
  if such an eventuality were to to become a reality , at least we can rest assured that the ` cock ' you mention will be well and truly flaccid . 
  i am baffled . 
  whilst it is undeniably true that david cameron has pledged his support to the ttip , i 've yet to witness any layperson discuss the proposal using anything but unfavourable language . 
  i live in [ lincolnshire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lincolnshire ) , which during the age of germanic settlement was dominated by the kingdom of lindsey , which as you will notice on this [ map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ee/britain_peoples_circa_600.svg ) was primarily settled by the angles . 
  as far as i am aware , almost all of my ancestors came from either the central or southern areas of the county . 
  a few years ago a gentleman from a organisation collecting genetic data visited my school and took samples from both the students and staff . 
  i discovered that the genetics on paternal side were typically found on the central/northern stretch of the east coast as well as the southern half of the jutland peninsula . 
  more interestingly ( to me at least ) , the genetics on my maternal side were more typically found in scania and the danish isles , which i understand is quite peculiar . 
  i find it amazing that after all this time , these genetic divisions are still quite defined . 
  i 'd counter this by arguing that the sikhs have been very successful in their endeavours to integrate into british society . 
  i believe i 'm correct in saying that they 're one of the most financially productive ethno-religious groups in britain and proportionally commit very little crime . 
  they mix very well with the indigenous populations and can often be seen socialising in public with members of other ethnic groups . 
  i have nothing but praise for them . 
  i 'd imagine this was the case in most rural areas across the continent until the latter part of the 20th century . 
  both of my maternal great-grandparents were farmers , with one set getting married in their late teens and having 23 children . 
  my maternal grandparents were also farmers , and they married in their early twenties and had 6 children . 
  your english is actually very good . 
  far better than my german . 
  you 've got to feel sorry for those poor bastards in moldova , have n't you ? 
  what an age to ~ ~ die ~ ~ embrace the joys of matrimony !, 
  aside from the strong domestic market : - * audi 's largest european market is the uk . 
  * bmw 's largest european market is the uk . 
  * mercedes benz 's largest european market is the uk . 
  * porsche 's largest european market is the uk . 
  for argument 's sake , say tariffs were introduced which resulted in higher costs and prices , surely the american and japanese luxury marques would be rubbing their hands ? 
  jaguar land rover 's share of the uk market would likely sky-rocket , too , compensating for loss of trade in the eu . 
  i 'd wager that france is a far safer place to be on a saturday night . 
  i can only imagine that the negativity directed towards this video has something to do with the wiring in the grand bazaar . 
  the electricians responsible are in the wrong job . 
  if you 're not going to bother chasing the wiring , how much does conduit cost ? 
  if you 're not going to use conduit , at least use cable clips . 
  aside from that , the video made quite enjoyable viewing . 
  why ? 
  with george osborne as his likely successor i doubt you 'd find yourself in a position more suited to your beliefs . 
  the concept itself is perverse , but the effort invested in the presentation is undeniably praiseworthy . 
  considering that iceland was mentioned , i 'd imagine ireland was deliberately ignored . 
  in truth , i do n't think many english people have much to say about ireland . 
  despite being in our back yard , it 's often overlooked . 
  in the usa can an employer terminate an employee 's contract for refusing to work overtime ? 
  the eu 's working time directive gives employees the right not to work in excess of 48 hours per week , although an employee can opt out of this agreement , allowing them to work longer hours . 
  my ` standard ' working week is 40 hours long , though i choose to work in excess of 48 hours . 
  i 'm quite lucky in that my employer would n't throw a hissy fit if i decided to knock 10 hours off my working week once every so often , but i know people who 've been discriminated against by their employer in a number of ways for failing to work more than 48 hours per week . 
  for example , one of my best friends is being refused overtime by his employer as a reprisal for working fewer than 48 hours in the run up to christmas . 
  my mother is fluent in french and taught the language to gcse and a-level students for a number of years . 
  she made very little effort to pass the language on to me as she thought my time was best spent pursuing other interests , owing to the extensive use of our language abroad . 
  `` bonjour '' , `` merci '' , `` baguette '' and `` haw-he-haw-he-haw '' ... that 's my lot . 
  my mother was a teacher for over twenty years , before changing career half a decade ago .
