  whether this will be subject to change is a matter of debate , but my feeling is that we * shall * drift closer to europe , but at a pace which is out of step with the continental states . 
  the issue regarding our identity is considerable . 
  at present there are very few of us who wholeheartedly embrace a ` european identity ' . 
  at the risk of appearing ignorant , i personally struggle to define or perhaps even contemplate what this ` european identity ' is . 
  i feel there 's a fear that by embracing europe and a european outlook , we 'll turn our back on australia , canada and of course new zealand . 
  despite the geographical separation , the cultural similarities are as strong , if not stronger , than those you 'll find between continental states . 
  it 's a long path to europe . 
  i 've no doubt we 'll eventually arrive at the destination , but at 23 , i ca n't say i 'm confident that i 'll be there to appreciate the view . 
  regardless of the outcome in two weeks time , all the best . 
  i live and work in an area with a truly massive e.european migrant population , so there was n't any doubt in my mind that the overwhelming majority of people around here would vote in favour of leaving the eu . 
  i can honestly say that i was n't prepared for just how many people are now backing the leave camp . 
  everybody is talking about the referendum ( it 's by far the most popular topic of conversation ) and i can now count the number of people i know who plan on voting to stay on one hand . 
  yes , two weeks ago i knew about 12 people who were going to ` remain ' , but 8 of them have since changed their minds . 
  almost all of them cite fears of a ` federal europe ' , something some of them were n't previously aware of , for their change of heart . 
  heck , even the only polish guy i know with british citizenship is violently ` pro-brexit ' ( good man , radek ) . 
  i know the feeling you 're experiencing . 
  i assumed that ` remain ' was going to win by a narrow margin , but now more and more previously undecided voters are rejecting the status quo in favour of independence , i 'd be surprised if we did n't win . 
  we were told that only the undereducated were going to vote to leave , but every doctor , engineer and lawyer i know on a casual basis is voting to leave . 
  i want a uk outside of the eu , and although there 's no doubt in my mind that i 'm going to vote to leave , i 'm getting last-minute nerves tinged with sadness and a bit of excitement . 
  in one regard , i 'll be gaining a lot , in one regard i 'll be losing a fair bit too . 
  a lot can happen in two weeks , but i know a few people who are attending a brexit party with champagne as i write this , which might tell you something . 
  i 've put a tenner on poland to win and will buy a lottery ticket if i see that money again . 
  good luck boys , i 'll need it !, 
  knobheads should n't be issued with passports . 
  brief personality and psychometric tests should be included in the application process . 
  it 's hugely embarrassing for normal english/british people who just want to enjoy a holiday abroad without being tarred with the same brush . 
  how much for a cadillac ? 
  please forgive me if i 'm heading off at a tangent , i fear i may have misunderstood your comment . 
  however , i do n't think you can mention the latter without referring to the former . 
  i do n't need to spell out what the sacrifices made by the americans to oust nazism from southern and western europe were , but the role the usa played in the subsequent period is sometimes undervalued . 
  was the cold war an american construct ? 
  you 're right , they played their part , but equally they secured our freedom and safety whilst we pulled ourselves up from the mess we had created . 
  tens of millions of people across europe fully appreciate the role the usa played here during wwii and the cold war period . 
  please ignore anybody who thinks otherwise . 
  i was completely unaware that the electorate of luxembourg were required by law to vote in the european elections . 
  a mediocre comedy writer , i 'd assume . 
  assuming the frozen goods in question are produced within the uk , one would hope that import duties placed on dairy produce would allow british dairy farmers to demand greater pay . 
  the manner in which dairy farmers are treated by uk supermarkets and food companies such as arla is nothing short of sickening . 
  have a pint ... and another ... and another ... and another ... and another ... and another ... and ... 
  i was going to say just this . 
  my hometown introduced ` no drinking zones ' in an attempt to stem the issue . 
  unfortunately they now congregate alongside the riverside , which has kept the fire brigade quite busy in recent months . 
  sadly , a few polish guys ( lithuanian , too ) have fallen in to the river and not managed to pull themselves out in time . 
  i believe it 's perfectly legal to pick mushrooms ( and pretty much anything else as far as i know ) on common land as long as you do so for your personal consumption rather than for commercial purposes . 
  if the land is privately owned , you will of course require the permission of the landowner to access any crops . 
  perhaps you ( or whoever told you about this law ) spotted a sign at one of the crown/private estates which stated that visitors are urged not to pick mushrooms , as the varieties on the land are not suitable for human consumption ? 
  there are a few signs which serve this purpose nearby where i live . 
  thank you for the referral . 
  people do crazy things for money . 
  i 'm voting leave . 
  only 120 ? 
  i think the novel being referred to is ` the camp of the saints ' . 
  extremists ? 
  where do you people come from , fairyland ? 
  what 's the issue ? 
  sounds perfectly fair to me . 
  i do n't see this being an issue . 
  a friend of my father 's an iranian doctor who moved here following the revolution . 
  he has nephews who still live in iran , of whom two are also doctors currently applying to resettle in the uk . 
  sadly , they 're encountering numerous obstacles which are drawing the process out , but these are people who possess skills we 're in desperate need of . 
  meanwhile , anybody from within the eu can move here without hindrance , regardless of whether they have the skills to add any significant value to british society . 
  we need immigration , i 'll never deny that , but we need the ` right ' immigrants . 
  importing a new underclass from the furthest reaches of europe is n't something i support . 
   most of the uk topics on this thread have had `` brexit now ! '', 
  as the top upvoted comment , and they 're from non-brits . 
  regardless of the rationale , i 'll take it . 
  i hope erdogan apologises for these intentionally hurtful headlines . 
  i ca n't imagine what would happen if say , a german comedian were to mock him . 
  that or the cholesterol , sure . 
  with a blood alcohol level as high as mine , i hope he 's got a strong liver . 
  i was under the false impression that we too had recognised the genocide until i read your comment and did a little digging . 
  odd , especially when i was taught about the genocide ( and that was the word used to describe the atrocity ) at school . 
  yeah , good on germany . 
  the recognition of the genocide by a nation of such high standing will do much to raise awareness . 
  hope we follow suit . 
  you can guarantee there 'll be good ~ ~ craic ~ ~ crack to be had . 
  we ca n't blame polish emigration for this one . 
  trust me ... i 've tried . 
  no bastard jokes yet ? 
  just like the french , lightning strikes more than once !, 
  for the most part , american gis of all races and ethnicities were very well liked . 
  during the war , my grandfather was spared military service as he was a trainee engineer for a company which manufactured aero engines . 
  american troops were stationed pretty much right next to the factory , and i think he spoke to them most days . 
  i think he got on quite well with them , so they used to give him free bottles of bourbon , gramophone records and even risk\u00e9 clothing for him to give to his girlfriend . 
  kids used to love them because they 'd get showered with chewing gum and sweets , women used to love them because they gave them clothing and exotic foods , and most men liked them because they shared their cigars and cigarettes . 
  you 'd get the odd stereotypical yank who was noisy and obnoxious , mocking the war-weary state of the country , but they were mostly very polite . 
  in fact , the only thing the locals did n't agree with was the way they treated italian pows . 
  italians pows ( captured in n.africa ) were housed in a camp near the city boundary , and were allowed on day-release as they were n't considered as violent and ideologically driven as german pows . 
  anyway , as these little italian blokes would walk through the city to carry out their duties , the americans would intercept them and beat them shitless . 
  the italians were technically the enemy at the time , but they seemed like such friendly , helpful and cheery chaps , that the locals could n't help but feel sorry for them . 
  i think i 'm right in saying that the problem got so bad that armed guards had to escort them to and from their work placements . 
  pretty much all foreign soldiers stationed here who fought with the allies were popular , though , not just the americans . 
  i can guarantee you that unlike today , not a bad word would be said about the poles . 
  i think one of my mum 's aunts got engaged to one , actually , but he sadly died when the germans bombed the farm he was staying at . 
  i 'm surprised that the automation of the workplace was n't mentioned . 
  i believe that repeatedly being told you 're the best in your field can lead to you becoming complacent . 
  i myself am a mechanical engineer and throughout the 60s , 70s and 80s the german firms competing with the company i now work for were manufacturing machines of a far superior quality to our own . 
  not only were the engineering principles employed in their machines more advanced , creative and efficient , the general assembly and finish far excelled anything on the market . 
  they were far more thorough in every phase of design and construction , which is a fact rather than an opinion . 
  not wishing to offend anybody , but these days the label ` german engineered ' seems to me to be a german engineer 's best/favourite tool , and i think they 're guilty of coasting on past victories to some degree .
