  i only know one polish-born person with british citizenship , and he was one of the most aggressive ` brexiteers ' i 've know . 
  `` when i came over the uk desperately needed us , but too many followed me '' you 'll hear him say . 
  that 's very kind of you to say . 
  have a nice day !, 
  goes to show how few eu migrants scotland receives in comparison to the rest of gb . 
  i overestimated the strength of support for ` remain ' , as it was my expectation to see a 55/45 split . 
  i hope you enjoy your visit !, 
  tomorrow morning we 're all going to learn how wildly inaccurate these polls have been . 
  i 'd rather just beat ` it ' with a stick . 
  cheaper , less wasteful , and possibly more satisfying . 
  i am in agreement with you . 
  we 've heard a number of alarming tales from the likes of macron , schauble and valls ; rather than scaring the british public into submission , a ' 1940 mentality ' has emerged . 
  do we stand alone against/in europe rather than with it ? 
  this ad both goes some way to dispel that and it flatters us in the process . 
  it 's not going to convince anybody with their heart set on independence , but it could make ` soft-outers ' think once again . 
  quite possibly one of the least cringey things the daily mail has published in recent months , too . 
  that 's not to say a significant sum of money is sent home by migrant workers living and working in the uk . 
  i understood every word . 
  more ? 
  the rhetoric indicates a significant tightening of immigration regulation , suggesting fewer eu and non-eu migrants would be admitted . 
  whether or not you believe them , however , is a different matter altogether . 
  naturally . 
  is it unlikely ? 
  i live in southern lincolnshire , and pretty much everybody i know is voting to leave , but i thought i was living in a bubble . 
  on saturday i had to travel to york to attend the demonstration of a machine my company has built , but unfortunately it was a bit of a waste of time , as so many people at the event were talking about how they were voting to leave , they were distracting me from my work . 
  headed up to newcastle on sunday to do the same , and exactly the same thing happened . 
  had you asked me a month ago whether i was going to vote to leave , i 'd have said 100 % yes . 
  probably still going to vote that way , but i have my reservations . 
  the bullcrap people were spouting out to me over the weekend worried me quite considerably . 
  obviously , i 'm for voting out , but only for the right reasons . 
  the remain campaign is pathetic , and as such , this could be a stroll in the park for the out squad . 
  but why did we push for expansion ? 
  for the betterment of the people of the east ? 
  so they could flood our cities ? 
  no , we did so to create a union which too diverse to succeed in the way the founding nations intended . 
  britain alone could n't stand in the way of greater integration , but throw a handful of former warsaw pact nations in to the mix , and you 've cooked up a big obstacle . 
  it 'll be there long after we leave . 
  to call us criminal is a bit of a stretch in my opinion . 
  i see it being discussed every time i log on to my computer , but i do n't see it being a realistic option . 
  a ** massive ** portion of the population takes issue with the free movement of workers . 
  we had huge problems integrating migrants from africa and asia prior to the accession of the a8 nations , and these problems have only been worsened by the arrival of hundreds of thousands of e.european migrants since 2004 . 
  i honestly believe that the apatite to sacrifice our membership of the single market to renounce the free movement of workers exists . 
  the risks are apparent , but for a great many , they 're worth taking . 
  i think ring circuits are less inclined to overload than radial circuits . 
  i guess you could run a higher voltage and current through them , too ? 
  i was taught at school that the british norm ( a ring main with fuses in each plug ) was over-engineered but inherently safer than other methods practiced abroad . 
  as for carrying ` giant ' plugs around ... never really thought about it like that , but it 's surely got to be more convenient to pack your smaller plugs , yes . 
  but are n't radial circuits commonplace in europe , especially germany ? 
  they 're fairly uncommon here in the uk , to my knowledge . 
  it makes sense that ring circuits are safer , so were our cables narrower than yours ? 
  everything has been fine since we moved , thanks . 
   have you ever been to the countries in question ? 
  excluding the uk , i 've visited fifteen eu member states as well as norway , russia ( st. petersburg ) and switzerland . 
  additionally , i have visited australia , canada and the usa . 
   also how the fuck do you not have an european identity ? 
  as an austrian you may struggle to understand . 
  what is europe to you ? 
  you 're completely surrounded by the continent , and have a brother/sister country to your immediate north . 
  we do n't have a big/little brother in europe , our cultural similars are literally continents apart . 
  naturally , i have far more in common with an australian than an austrian . 
   is growing up on britain really that bad ? 
  how can you conceive that growing up in britain is bad based on the lack of european solidarity ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's good , but bad ? 
  what ? 
   i know you like your propaganda and patriotic bull crap on tv but is it ready that one sided ? 
  is that a collective ` you ' ? 
  yeah , just like we still despise the french , still consider ourselves a superpower , drink ten pints before going to bed and regale stories about the empire ? 
  i 've heard it all on this ` sub-reddit ' . 
  have you ever been to the country in question ? 
  the food and drink was intentionally sourced from the continent . 
  french wines and cheeses , german beers , italian meats and desserts etc. 
  i can assure that that whether we 're out or in , demand for such goods will not fade . 
  the english palate has a fondness for such things . 
  if i was scottish i 'd have voted to leave the uk in the recent referendum , but i 'm not . 
  i 'd like to see the scots achieve ` full-devo ' , but ultimately i do n't think even that would be enough to turn the tide on scottish nationalism . 
  i 'd feel a little numb for a bit if you were to go , but if it 's what you guys consider to be the best course of action , i 've got no footing for a counter argument . 
  yes !, 
  a resounding yes !, 
  prior to the age of eighteen , i lived in a town in southern lincolnshire which experienced massive e.european migration ( namely migrants from lithuania and poland , though there is a sizable latvian contingent ) following the admission of the a8 nations in 2004 . 
  a ` zone ' in the southeast of the town , which i 'd say covers between 15 % - 20 % of its landmass , is almost exclusively ` a8 ' . 
  interestingly , there are even streets which are essentially exclusively lithuanian , exclusively polish etc. 
  here in lincolnshire we do n't attract the same quality of person you may find in london or any large urban area here in the uk . 
  the migrants who settle here tend to have very poor education levels , and as such largely work in the agricultural sector , performing very poorly paid tasks . 
  cutting to the chase , this town has essentially ` imported ' in excess of 15,000 of e.europe 's chavs , so you can imagine what the neighbourhoods are like . 
  in fact , the local police do n't shy away from calling the area a ` no-go zone ' for english people ( though in truth , it 's a ` no-go zone ' for anybody who is n't e.european ) . 
  one of my ex-girlfriend 's brothers was beaten within an inch of his life by an e.european guy just simply for being english , and was subsequently told by the police that it was a bit silly to walk through the area alone . 
  i lived in a typical leafy middle class suburb prior to 2010 , but as this ` zone ' expanded and began to encroach on our area , the crime rates rocketed , pretty much forcing us to move . 
  prior to the influx , my family had never been the victim of any crime . 
  however , our house/property was broken into three times ; i was physically attacked ( once with a baseball bat ) three times by migrants , twice with no warning . 
  my little brother , who was twelve at the time , had his wrist broken by a group of drunken polish men who threw rammel at him as he walked home from school ; my mother had her bicycle stolen from her by a e.european wielding a screwdriver . 
  we experienced a lot more than the snippets i 've mentioned , and yes , things did get that bad that we eventually packed up and moved out of town . 
  i hear that things are much the same as they were , and this first hand experience of what the eu has had to offer me is primarily what has convinced me to vote leave . 
   just to note , to british people reading this : i genuinely like britain and british people , but i do n't think your population should be in the eu when it does n't feel an affinity for it . 
  it feels forced , and i 'd rather you left , and then eventually rejoined , than keeping the union in the current limbo . 
  you have to decide on an identity between ; ` anglo ' together with the us , or european together with the continent . 
  firstly , it is of course always a pleasure to be complemented . 
  furthermore , the general feeling amongst even the most ardent brexiteers mirrors yours . 
  our issue is with the eu rather than europe and those who live there . 
  i 've observed a number of unpleasant exchanges between brits and europeans over the past few weeks on this ` sub-reddit ' , though i assume they were said in the heat of the moment and fail to accurately portray our heartfelt opinions of one another . 
  like you , i do not feel that membership of the eu suits the uk at this moment in time .
