  having read another comment you made on this thread in which you claim the british have a `` we 're better than you '' attitude towards europeans , i 'll quickly voice my disagreement . 
  you 're obviously not the only person to voice this opinion , it 's a notion i read quite regularly , but nonetheless one i disagree with and find ... pff ... not upsetting but rather vexing . 
  i do n't think ever so many people here consider themselves fully european , and we do have a habit of shrugging europe off as `` o'er the hills and far away '' , rather than something we 're actively a part off , but we do n't have a superiority complex . 
  i think we simply consider ourselves not wholly compatible with the continental nations rather than elevated . 
  lately , yes . 
  this is a minor burden all great nations bare . 
  well , the dutch are famed for their innovativeness . 
  the australians , canadians and new zealanders are rarely the butt of criticism like we and the americans frequently are , hence why spectacles such as those you refer to are far more commonplace . 
  i do n't believe those who live in the outlying areas of the uk are any less uptight than we english ; they are simply fewer in numbers . 
  the evidence would seem to suggest that they 've taken us on a ride back to a time known as happy hour . 
  thanks , you 've given me a lot to think about for my brother 's upcoming birthday . 
  they featured in my curriculum . 
  i apologise , the point i was trying to make is that in today 's society it is frowned upon to discuss the empire in a purely positive light . 
  during secondary school i had to write a 2,000 word essay regarding triangular trade and another 2,000 word essay regarding the irish famine . 
  i must have spent at very least four weeks studying the irish revolutionary period , which included the easter rising . 
  the boer wars were both taught , and a couple of lessons were dedicated to the concentration camps . 
  we spend a considerable time learning about the slave trade and the role we played in it . 
  in my early adolescent years i was fiercely nationalistic and extolled the british empire whenever the opportunity presented itself . 
  i would have been around nine , perhaps ten , and came across a globe in my attic on which the british territories were highlighted in red . 
  i was astounded , and quite frankly gratified by the vastness of it . 
  my obsession lasted for perhaps three or four years , and in that time i was criticised by so many adults for my interpretation of the era that it eventually became apparent that it was n't acceptable to talk about the british empire from a wholly favourable standpoint , which it is n't . 
  this post did n't make pleasant reading , though the crimes committed are undeniably true . 
  whilst i do believe it 's important to learn of and remember the darkest chapters of our nation 's history , i still believe one can dwell on , and place too much emphasis on such acts . 
  i visited germany as an exchange student in 2007 and witnessed teachers prompt their students to apologise to me for the german bombing campaign on britain during wwii . 
  i thought then as a thirteen year old , and i still think now , that if that behaviour was or is endemic in germany 's education system , a generation of spineless , guilt-ridden snivelers are going to at some point take their nation 's reins and truly destroy what it means to be german . 
  the germans have far more to be proud of than most continental nations , so this really stuck with me . 
  if you care to look at the post history of the person who submitted this post ( not me you idiots , the op ) you will see that they are blatantly anglophobic , though most posts shouted down as anglophobic are merely responses to the terribly out of touch ( somewhat rose tinted , i 'm afraid ) perception amongst some british members that the british empire as a force which did no wrong . 
  i can assure european readers that the greater population are fully aware of both the positive and negative aspects of the empire . 
  regardless of their content , the imperial decrees are bound to be treasured and highly valuable documents . 
  the military records and architectural drawings could of course be of either profound or minimal historic importance . 
  the very fact that they were stolen and found buyers does allude to their significance , but i could easily be wrong . 
  these may be technical drawings of the winter palace and letters written by a generalissimo , or simply sketches of municipal buildings and letters requesting wound dressings and cannonballs . 
  for lack of detailed information i can only assume that the documents were obtained illegally by a person/persons who had authorisation to access the documents ( an archivist , for example ) at the request of an international buyer . 
  these documents were then sold on the black market . 
  as far as i 'm aware , the contents of the documents have not been disclosed , though i can almost guarantee that they were sold for a fraction of their actual worth . 
  during the 1990s , russia was figuratively a goldmine for governments and defence contractors the world over who wished to access soviet state secrets . 
  corrupt ministers , intelligence agents and military design bureau officials were all too eager to hand over hugely sensitive documents for a few thousand dollars here and there . 
  who is to say that documents of historical rather than strategic importance were not also exchanged in such a manner ? 
  i 'm not trying to be deliberately contrary , but i read far too many car magazines for my own good and i can honestly say that 's the first reliability comparison i 've seen in which german manufacturers perform so poorly . 
  i ca n't argue with your source , as ` whatcar ? ', 
  is in my eyes a trustworthy source and their journalists are some of the fairest in the business . 
  i can only say i 'm very surprised to see that both audi and mercedes performed so poorly , as they usually sit mid-table in such comparisons . 
  porsche always perform poorly , whilst bmw usually score more favourably than the other german manufacturers . 
  jaguar usually perform well in the luxury car category , but it 's always bested by lexus . 
  the japanese ( and now s.korean ) manufacturers place an emphasis on reliability and durability . 
  you 're joking , but you 're not far wrong . 
  years ago we ( my family ) were woken up in the middle of the night by a chap who 'd broken into my father 's workshop after drinking a few too many vodkas . 
  the police came down , restrained him and put him in the back of the van . 
  my mother made them tea , but we did n't have any biscuits to offer them . 
  the next day one of the policemen popped around and gave us a packet of [ hobnobs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hobnob_biscuit ) , just in case we needed to call them out again . 
  policemen/women are usually very polite and good humoured . 
  they most certainly appreciate the offer of a cup of tea . 
  [ when did sergey lavrov become a channel 4 newscaster ? ], 
  ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eycdagflw3m&amp;t=2m14s ) i find this deeply concerning !, 
  i shudder to think . 
  i mean , every anglophobe on here knows that in the event of a british withdrawal the plan is for the eu to in fact build such strong ties with the us that they 'll eventually gain unobstructed access to their nuclear arsenal and eventually unleash armageddon across our nation . 
  they call it ... baedeker ii . 
  joking aside , do n't you think it 's a tiny bit worrying that some people would really like nothing more than to see us get utterly shafted dare we leave the union . 
  i guess it 's the ( tough ) brotherly love betwixt european nations ? 
  it does n't matter how you spin it . 
  official estimates state there were 1.3 + million migrants from the eu8 nations residing here in the spring of 2014 . 
  i believe this figure is far too high , especially considering that the vast majority of those referred to had arrived here since 2004 . 
  now , i 'm not under the illusion that the uk could function effectively with ultra-low immigration levels , but a line has to be drawn somewhere . 
   british heritage is a mix of cultures and traditions , chinese , indian , german , scandinavian , irish , saxon , pakistani but shove a ** few ** eastern europeans into the mix and everybody throws a fit . 
  what 's a million or so between between friends , right ? 
  it 's a glimpse of the future . 
   the numbers are skewed as all the multinational corporations have hq 's or european-region offices based in central london , alongside all the political institutions . 
  and of course , all the global billionaires and multimillionaires that choose to base themselves there in some way . 
  not everso relevant , but my oldest sister used to do a little bit of modelling here and there , and occasionally had to travel to london to attend shows or have her photographs taken . 
  once , perhaps six or seven years ago , she was sat waiting in a hallway outside the changing rooms , and as three very well dressed middle-aged woman walked by her , one of them dropped their purse , spilling notes all over the floor . 
  without hesitation , the woman kept walking as though nothing had happened , despite knowing full well that hundreds of her pounds were on the floor . 
  my sister scrambled for it , which amounted to around # 600 if i remember correctly , and chased after her . 
  when confronted , the woman calmly said `` you can keep it if you want , i 've just washed my hands '' . 
  the woman was perfectly okay with leaving the money there , rather than having to get her hands ` dirty ' picking up cash from the floor . 
  apologies for going off on a tangent , i just thought this ` anecdote ' would go some way to illustrate just how wealthy some londoners are . 
  i would n't say you 're being fair on yourself to feel ashamed of your nationality . 
  however , as an outsider looking in , it 's easy to sympathise and join you in castigating the regime . 
  i 'm not sure whether that 'd really annoy anybody other than those who had made the effort to learn english as a second language . 
  if ` you ' really wanted to annoy us i suppose france could adopt a more relaxed approach to policing in calais . 
  the daily mail would have a bloody field day , i 'm sure you 'll agree . 
  boris was born in the usa to parents born here in the uk . 
  ca n't say for sure whether he 's still got american citizenship , as i remember him appearing on a tv programme a couple of years ago and stating that his was his intention to renounce it as he did not , and never had , regarded himself as anything other than british . 
  his ancestry is rather colourful . 
  i remember him appearing on another tv programme in which he explored his family 's history . 
  aside from the uk , his forebears came from armenia , france , germany and turkey to name but a few . 
  he 's even related to our royal family . 
  i 've got a brexit-boner to rival nelson 's column in scale . 
  regarding working hours , what is the set up at your place of employment ? 
  when my brother started working for the produce supplier labourers worked predetermined shifts . 
  they knew that in four weeks time they 'd be working from 06:00 -15:00 on the monday , 08:30 -17:30 on the tuesday , 06:00 -15:00 again on the wednesday etc. 
  before he left they 'd scrapped that system , instead phoning their staff up on the day to let them know they were needed in three , four or five hours time etc. 
  i 've no idea how one could plan their life around such a routine , let alone raise a family . 
   are n't there locals willing to work for minimum wage ? 
  to put it simply , the answer is both yes and no . 
  i found that younger people , those transitioning from education to the workforce , are generally content to receive minimum pay in exchange for low-skilled labour . 
  these people are obviously less likely to require a higher wage as their monthly expenditures are typically lower than their older colleagues who are more likely to have a family of their own . 
  as such , those who have their own family and are paying off their mortgage or paying rent actually need to earn more than minimum wage . 
  during my short spell working at a fresh produce supplier they cut the hourly rate for most of their labourers from about # 8.15 / 20ph to # 7.05 ph , and then to # 6.19 ph. 
  a lot of the workforce had to move on as they simply could n't pay off their mortgages , debts and loans on that income . 
  they did n't have the option to work overtime as the market was , and still is , saturated with low-skilled migrants who were perfectly happy on such a low income .
