  accepting such a deal is political suicide . 
  if poland says no , the rest of the east and south says no , that deal is gone . 
  you can try and make it ideological , but in reality , people in britain simply fundamentally do n't get the union . 
  you treat it like some kind of monolithic entity with an evil emperor in brussels or berlin , when it 's actually 27 nations with 27 agendas , all of which have a disproportionate amount of power here . 
  no one is stopping you from leaving , but you do n't want to fully leave . 
  you want to renegotiate and feel free to ask china and the us how much fun negotiating with the eu is . 
  any deal needs to be so good , no member can afford to say no . 
  the deal the uk is ready to offer is absolutely unacceptable to over half the members and of the rest , none are particularly enthusiastic . 
  if you want to just walk away your legs are very much in tack , but if you want to make a deal , get some knee pads and lip balm because you 're going to have to kiss a lot of ass . 
  it 's not about winning . 
  it 's about being able to take the pain . 
  the point of the negotiations is to make sure a deal is struck that allows for trade to continue without issue , but the side that can best afford to walk away with no deal is the one that sets the tone . 
  tell me , what percentage of the nazi political platform do you agree with ? 
  what on earth do the germans have to do with this ? 
  backwards we are , but at least we 're not english and that counts for a lot . 
  i know that last line was supposed to be an insult but it 's just so damn cute . 
  this is the balkans kid . 
  having your mother called a zoophiliac whore is our version of `` fuck you '' so you 're going to have to try a lot harder if you want a reaction stronger than a giggle . 
  also , no . 
  ca n't really scam my own people . 
  everyone 's a damn cynic and takes nothing for granted . 
  you people however , you people are special . 
  i 'm not basing my opinion on what people have told me about you . 
  i 'm basing it on conversation with you and people like you . 
  you hear a horrible idea , everyone tells you why it 's a horrible idea , but because you want that horrible idea to work , you 'll actually start making up features that will apparently work on wishing it was so and fairy dust . 
  of course , it 'll be just like santa 's list . 
  you only get on if you 're naughty according to the 100 % reliable naughty matere . 
  my god , i really have to start running some kind of scam in the uk , i 'm trying to imagine the bullshit you would n't buy and i 'm drawing a blank . 
  diy foreigner detection drones . 
  an app that determines someone 's britishnes by sound . 
  so much gullibility , so little time . 
  the list is explicitly stated to exist to shame businesses . 
  it 's not an assumption , it 's the whole damn point . 
  i 'm fine with giving it to everyone . 
  if that 's too expensive i 'm fine with giving everyone a discount . 
  i 'm fine with giving it to underprivileged students who otherwise would n't be able to afford to travel , i 'm fine with giving free tickets out for merit , something like having a test on europe with questions about history , landmarks geography , ect . 
  basically , show that you care about the places you 're about to see . 
  a lottery however , i do not like that idea one bit . 
  a prize won by nothing but sheer luck will never be held in the same esteem as a prize earned though hard work or even a privilege to be used wisely, 
  exactly . 
  the talk of walls and borders is pure nonsense . 
  it 's all just an obstacle you need to overcome to get to the prize . 
  stop handing out prizes . 
  make it clear that asylum seekers will all be fingerprinted . 
  if you 're not in the system you get deported . 
  if you have no legitimate claim for asylum , you get deported . 
  if you come back after being deported , you go to a labor camp in the coldest , most remote part of europe we can find . 
  i 'm now going to be a culturally insensitive asshole and say that women from any fundamentalist muslim country qualify by default and i 'd give a free pass to young children as well as put families with young children under observation , but still show leniency , because they generally are n't a problem . 
  just making it clear that yes , we will check , no you wo n't just get to stay or try again and yes we will discriminate to make sure those in greatest need get help before the opportunists will solve most of the current problem . 
  wait , why is there a school assignment about making provocative clothing ? 
  i do n't mind students using assignments to do something provocative , sticking it to the man is an important part of becoming an adult , but assigning it seems counter intuitive . 
  if your teacher likes it you obviously did a bad job since it did n't provoke the intended audience . 
  if it was intended to provoke others by means of sharing it on various forms of media , then it 's not a school project , it 's a political statement made from inside a school and should be subject to scrutiny like any other similar statement . 
  this is weird on so many levels . 
  because the kind of people that want these kinds of lists are all calm and rational and will surely read the comprehensive breakdown and understand the need for foreign employees , rather than look at it as hit list compiled by they 're favorite news source . 
  here 's what 's going to happen . 
  companies that want to save money will simply outsource whenever possible . 
  100 % of the workforce is british , but 90 % of the work is done oversees . 
  those that ca n't outsource will make shell corporations to hire the foreign workers and contract them out to the main company . 
  the shell corporation will be a desk , phone and p.o. 
  box and the main corporation will again be 100 % british with foreigners doing most of the work . 
  the only people who will get screwed are those honest idiots who think that just because they have a legitimate need that ca n't be filled with british workers , they wo n't be targeted with by belligerent morons . 
  appointment . 
  he was never elected . 
  hindenburg made him chancellor and he used that power to first run a massive state backed propaganda champagne , then use the brown shirts to suppress the vote , then simply disband the communist party so that their 10 % of the vote did n't count and finally form a coalition with the prussian militarist party to get a bare bones majority and that 's before going in to the alleged voter fraud going on in nazi strongholds in a addition to all of this . 
  i 'm as mean and nasty to brexiters as they come and you can check my post history if you do n't believe me , but comparing it to the rise of national socialism is simply not supported by the facts . 
  the nazis used a large minority to ether intimidate the undecided or activity kill the opposition . 
  it was populist , but in no way democratic . 
  mob rule in the most litteral sense of the word . 
  what has the echr ever done for us ? 
  sure . 
  that 's the site : http://www.worldlifeexpectancy.com/cause-of-death/malnutrition/by-country/ it looks like something not updated since the 90 's but they sourced the numbers from the who in 2014 . 
  the death rate in greece is 11.2 per 1000 which is 0.4 lower than germany . 
  it was around 9.5 since the 90 's and while it did go up , i 'd hardly call those numbers dramatic . 
  no , it really does n't . 
  greece has a malnutrition death rate of 0.17 per 100.000 citizens . 
  for comparison , the us has a rate of 0.58 and france is at 2.25 . 
  people are not dying . 
  you 're basically comparing breaking a leg with catching the plague , a man made horror that was only rivaled by the genocidal madmen of the mid 1900 's to a few really bad years for the economy . 
  you ca n't compare the crisis in greece to the great depression , let alone the famine , and if you can you 're literally hitler . 
  because the internal political structure of the uk is far from clear cut . 
  the lack of a formal constitution and the transfer of some powers from westminster to local parliaments in ni and scotland create an unclear situation . 
  ultimately , parlament can revoke all powers granted to scotland and ni , but the question asked is , do they have to , because doing so would come at a hefty political cost . 
  these area 's are n't regions . 
  kent for instance , could n't try and block anything , but ni is currently testing if it has a right to veto and if they do , they force parliament to take active action . 
  no one in europe wanted it to happen . 
  no one in europe expected it to happen . 
  brussels had a negotiating team and a plan ready 2 days after the fact . 
  the irish surplus could n't even begin to cover the banking losses where as germany can pay up and still be billions in the black . 
  this is a bank , not germany . 
  germany has a budget surplus and that surplus alone is enough to make db whole . 
  the question is n't if germany can , but weather it should bail out the bank . 
  there will be fallout , but if the bank is fundamentally rotten , letting it fail and using the money for damage control is the best course of action . 
  if db fails and germany manages to prevent major harm to it 's people , it sends a very scary message to other banks . 
  fuck up and you die , because there 's no need to keep you alive . 
  the flip side is that the damage ca n't be contained . 
  banks start playing it way to safe , stop loans even for solvent clients and the economy takes a big hit . 
  and ? 
  tradition dictates that those demanding action have a plan in place to execute said action . 
  the leave camp should have had negotiators ready with signed commitments , a list of specific demands , a timetable , you know , the absolute basics any halfway intelligent human would have ready or would demand be ready before voting for it .
