  objective news is n't possible , but this is objectively someone creating a false image . 
  it 's a blatant lie . 
  also worth pointing out , we now have the technology of superimposing text on to people and having it still be legible . 
  it 's quite a bit easier than shopping someone out . 
  altering pictures is a step too far . 
  you accept different opinions . 
  you excuse misinterpreting facts , but outright falsifying reality can not be tolerated . 
  someone made a deliberate decision to remove a person from a photo . 
  this is , without any hyperbole , some stalin level shit . 
  once you start doing stuff like that you 're no longer the press , you 're a lie monger . 
  on most other subjects we could debate who determines what 's truth and what 's a lie , but rarely are things as blatantly clear as they are in these kinds of cases . 
  of course, 
  suuuuure, 
  you are really pushing the stereotype hard . 
  did i say otherwise ? 
  of course you are . 
  once again , it takes a serb to laugh at war and the dead . 
  to tells us where the bodies are . 
  quite litteraly , it would be nice if our people had some closure . 
  we hate you . 
  we do n't pretend not to hate you . 
  you know you 're supposed to say your sorry so you do , but you 're not really sorry . 
  you want to forget that part of the war and move on , but will hate nato for bombimg you and go on to claim kosovo is serbia until the end of time . 
  and then having serbia give italy our coast anyway . 
  the worthless sidekicks of the victorious powers dividing the spoils . 
  you have a morbid sense of humor, 
  germans ? 
  are you trolling or just stupid ? 
  50 years of being occupied and split in two does not constitute moving on . 
  if you mean serbia , then it 's worth pointing out that after punching someone in the face , it 's easier for the puncher to forgive his victim for hurting his hand than the other way around . 
  i do n't think mistake is the right word . 
  he basically said : `` ether you let me do my job the way i think it should be done or you find some other chump to do it '' people grossly underestimate just how shitty of a job running a country actually is . 
  does n't matter how hard you work or how good of a job you do , a large portion of the country will openly hate you and blame you for things you had no influence over . 
  you have all these ideas you think might really do a lot of good and you just ca n't implement them and you know that if you ca n't do it , there 's no one to turn to . 
  only the very worst people actually like the position . 
  the ones who do n't care about the job . 
  politics was always a dirty business , but the more the general public gets involved , the worse it seems to get . 
  people like scandal and outrageious gestures way too much . 
  there are still families looking for fathers and sons burried in mass graves that the serbian government knows about or could find out about but refuses to do so since it could implicate them in war crimes . 
  that 's just one of the lingering wounds left behind after the conflict . 
  if the serbs were like post war germans , doing everything to make amends , it would be easy to move on . 
  instead they 're like the russians or the japanese with an `` it was bad for everyone , we all did some nasty things during the war , let 's all just forget about it '' attitude that really rubs people the wrong way . 
  no , because they know what it means when things get bad . 
  nothing especially tragic happened to greece or portugal . 
  they 're still richer than we are by a big margin and if they want to trade , there are more than enough people here who would take a `` miserable '' life in greece any day . 
  that 's perspective . 
  knowing that your worst day is better than someone 's best and that your worst day can become one of your best over night . 
  my parents ask if someone died or will die when something i say something bad happened . 
  if death , or near death or cripling is n't involved , it 's not that bad . 
  lost your job ? 
  you 'll find a new one . 
  car broke down ? 
  use the bus , car pool , walk . 
  lost your house ? 
  live with friends or relatives . 
  get government assistance . 
  these are setbacks in soft times . 
  they seem horrible but you live through them . 
  a bank does n't drop bombs on your house but plenty of us lost our houses do to them getting bombed so it 's wise not to whine to loudly about the former . 
  greece and portugal and the rest will live . 
  the ukranians ? 
  who knows . 
  they get have reason to whine , and yet the ones i met have hope against all reason that things will end well . 
  compare the person in that quote to someone living in a shanty during the great depression . 
  the difference between the two and then some is what they can lose . 
  if you live in europe or the us and think `` things ca n't get worse '' you better be reading a letter saying your whole family has cancer while sitting in a burning building , because things can get unimaginably worse . 
  during the great depression people literally starved to death , saw their children starve to death , while living in the richest country in the world . 
  those people would have licked bathrooms clean and thanked you for the opportunity . 
  this is the problem . 
  the thing people , people like you do n't get . 
  your life not being as good as it could be is not the same as life being bad . 
  you do n't remember bad , because you 've never experienced bad so you give me examples of sub optimal and tell me it 's bad . 
  if you ever do experience bad , you wo n't be wishing you could be the people from your examples , you 'll be wishing you were the guy starving during the depression , because while that was things getting bad , it 's the very top layer of bad . 
  a civilized bad where you 're dying , but dying with at least some hope of salvation . 
  the true depths of bad make them selves known when someone says they wish they were dead and most of the people around them nod in agreement . 
  one fuck up . 
  one major fuck up is all that stands between you and that . 
  you will have no control , no power , no influence in the matter . 
  your world will collapse through no fault of your own and for no good reason and it will happen suddenly , without warning or time to get ready . 
  maybe it 's war . 
  maybe it 's a disease or cascade of diseases that became resistant to antibiotics . 
  maybe climate change kicks in to high gear and we get a global crop failure . 
  maybe the seas rise a few meters and start displacing millions of people . 
  maybe something we believed to be a fundamental part of the world economy turns out to be a bubble and everything crashes . 
  maybe it 's something i ca n't even think of and you wake up and life as you know it is over . 
  that my dear friend is the normal state of human affairs . 
  that 's how the world is supposed to work . 
  how the world has always worked . 
  the west got a multi decade long reprieve from that and that 's a blessing but also an anomaly . 
  if you forget that , well , let 's just say that learning from experience will be unpleasant . 
  cameron did n't stake his position on the outcome . 
  he left in spite of everyone in his party wanting him to stay and no one calling for his resignation . 
  he could easily have stayed on , but decided he did n't want to . 
  because it 's a shit job that pays worse than the private sector , requires an insane amount of work and dedication , has an immense amount of responsibility attached and makes everyone hate you . 
  obama aged 20 years in his 2 terms and he was relatively well liked and lead during a time of economic recovery . 
  he basically told the italian people to let him try and do things his way or to find some other chump . 
  people are strange . 
  we 're simply not wired for being satisfied , yet easily get complacent . 
  what i mean by this is that people in the west will take very minor problems and talk them selves in to believing their the most horrible thing ever to befall a person . 
  just recently on this very sub , a german was trying to convince of how horrible his government was .
