  i want to win rather than lose more slowly . 
  you keep defenses fit by having an army ready for invading . 
  you defend , you die . 
  building any structure that 's aiding in defense simply means the enemy has a static target . 
  they get to choose the time and the place to dismantle your defenses from a safe distance , knowing full well you ca n't do a damn thing to respond . 
  it 's what lost the battle of france , it 's why iraq went from having the 5th largest army in the world to a bad joke . 
  if your plan goes no further than defense , all you 're doing is postponing your defeat . 
  being ready and able to counterattack , forcing your enemy to consider their own safety , their own back lines . 
  forcing them to leave back troops or face envelopment . 
  that 's how you defend . 
  by size and equipment . 
  they were also a veteran army after close to a decade of war . 
  the first gulf war gutted them , and the inter bellum rotted them to the core . 
  maybe they were n't the best example of a modern army even then , but let 's be fair here , it 's by far the best experience any army on the planet has gotten in a generation . 
  iraq . 
  they seem quaint in retrospect but it was the 5th army in the world at the time . 
  it 's just that compared to no 1 , they were a joke . 
  that 's an easy assertion to make , but in reality it 's far more likely that without the eu greece would n't have had a crash , because no one would have given them favorable loans in the first place and the overall standard of living would be climbing , but would also be lower than at lowest point during the crisis . 
  source ? 
  take a look at slovakia , estonia or poland . 
  all countries hailed as paragons of post transitional growth and development . 
  a bright future and only positive prospects . 
  they 're also all poorer than greece . 
  poland did n't even have a recession while greece had a fully on crash and greece is still 25 % richer per capita . 
  that 's what being in the union for an additional 20 years gives you . 
  and most of you stopped after ww2 , a war that 's quickly leaving living memory . 
  american armed forces have something european militaries lack . 
  institutional memory . 
  american nco 's are veterans . 
  american officers are veterans . 
  their military industrial complex has been running hot non stop for 70 years . 
  they have the stockpiles , the logistical know how , the practical experience that every single other country lacks . 
  they know how to shut down a modern military without risking any assets . 
  they know how to fight conventionally and how to resist insurgency . 
  european armies helped in afghanistan and iraq , but we always rallied on us infrastructure . 
  we never had to go in first . 
  we always had backup and underwhelming force . 
  when trying to deal with qaddafi in libya we ran out of munitions , while fighting in our back yard . 
  we broke the line . 
  we are two full generations removed from really having to fight and that 's something that 's simply never happened . 
  yes , the specific nature of 21st century warfare is an unknown because we simply have n't had a clash between two real powers yet , but there we 're all equal . 
  the yanks are better at the fundamentals though . 
  they have all the new toys and experience using them . 
  they have by far the most soldiers who were tested under fire . 
  they know how to best send bullet a in to enemy b from the factory right down the barrel while making sure no soldier ever runs out . 
  and you know what 's scary . 
  all of that is basically just icing . 
  the 70 years of building a machines that churns out weapons of war quicker and better than anyone ever and having so much money and resources already proved to be more potent than all the military experience and tactical and strategic genius you can have . 
  they crushed more experienced , better lead armies in the past just by having more and better stuff and now they 're first by far in every category imaginable . 
  everything happening in se asia has been happening for a long time now . 
  china makes territorial claims and pushes until someone pushes back . 
  does n't mean this ca n't escalate , but experience says it wo n't . 
  china is not a naval power . 
  a big move there is counter intuitive . 
  the germans imported rubber , the stuff you need to make tires from the uk before ww1 , the british imported lenses for binoculars and magnets for compasses . 
  critical war materials being traded between enemies . 
  the king of england , the tsar of russia and the kaiser of germany were first cousins . 
  cousins that like and regularly communicated with each other . 
  did n't help one bit and you telling some random russian you fucked his mom is not the basis for solid international relations . 
  not a chance . 
  every time there 's a reddit thread about things people do n't want to hear : `` other have it worse '' is always at or near the top . 
  people do not want to have perspective . 
  there exists an active need to find the cloud surrounding every silver lining . 
  people want to live in a world where their petty bullshit is acknowledged as a real problem , because for some reason people ether do n't want to be happy or simply ca n't be and are trying to justify it . 
  no one ever cherishes the good times until the bad times come around . 
  things related to people do n't happen in 20 year time frames . 
  in 20 years , all the current principal world actors are likely to be dead and the state of the world unrecognizable . 
  no , if you feel there might be a war , it 's a 1-5 years , and closer to 1 than 5 . 
  the thing is , the way we teach history makes it seem like there 's this big buildup that culminates in a war . 
  we are n't seeing the buildup so we ca n't imagine the war . 
  fun fact . 
  the build up is created by interpreting events after the war happened . 
  people were 100 % convinced the balkan crisis was averted just weeks before ww1 . 
  a crisis that it self only lasted a few months , while the greater buildup can be seen decades in the making , it 's just that at the time , no one considered them as events running up to a world war . 
  ww2 , same story . 
  people believed chamberlain when he said there would be peace in our time . 
  germany went from nothing to superpower basically over night . 
  japan was considered a non entity in global affairs a day before pearl . 
  the issue is that there are always signs . 
  always . 
  there are constantly events that could spark wars , but do n't . 
  that 's why `` obvious signs '' get ignored . 
  we know which ones are important , they did n't . 
  they only knew there was one more crisis that would probably get resolved like all the others before . 
  at the same time you have the counterexample . 
  the cold war was an endless series of near misses that ended in a whimper . 
  that 's nice to know , but of course people overcompensated and decided that this meant that war between major powers was no longer possible , which is exactly what they said before every other major war . 
  all the building blocks are here . 
  if something is going to happen , it 's going to happen soon , but this does not mean that something absolutely will happen . 
  war is possible , but not inevitable . 
  yes . 
  your system works so well the union only collapsed in to civil war once . 
  hey , you have the same track record as yugoslavia . 
  at least we had the common sense to stay split up . 
  do you know what happened to us this year ? 
  we too had an election and no joke , some random canadian wound up being pm for reasons we still do n't understand . 
  i no longer feel shame for that episode because a ) he got kicked out of office and now someone who actually lives here is in charge and b ) the canadian at least got his job by means of bribery and shady deals with the ruling party ( pm 's are appointed , not elected and they literately just sprung this guy on us one day ) , rather than actually getting elected because the country wanted a reality tv star as president ... and no , this is about the actual election , not the apprentice ( which by the way i actually liked . 
  i still watch the british version since it 's on and they still have actual tasks that are n't just hour long commercials for the product of the week . 
  it 's genuinely worth checking out ), 
  first of all , no .
