  she mentioned getting called a whore , threatened and followed multiple times in the past few weeks . 
  her 80 year old grandmother is the last woman in here family who wore a headscarf that is until her mother bought 2 so they would n't be targeted . 
  it 's beyond disgusting . 
  you have n't . 
  whether or not you wo n't is something we 'll see when it 's over . 
  which is especially funny when you consider that none of us border countries has any interest is stopping the migrants . 
  as far as we 're concerned they would be on trains and buses going towards germany . 
  which they wo n't because talk is cheap . 
  our pm is a full blown idiot . 
  disregard his nonsense and fell free to throw it back in his face when we 're forced to close our border after slovenia closes it 's border . 
  it 's incredible just how much we 're padding our selves on the back for helping 500 people . 
  we 'll literally be over capacity tomorrow . 
  we 're not dumping anyone on anyone . 
  let 's be clear here . 
  this is the germans fault . 
  they 're the bottleneck . 
  everyone else is in full agreement that these people should just move on , them more than anyone . 
  i swear , if you do n't get pissed at us now , i wo n't get pissed when you close your border on monday . 
  we really should be stopping them all the way in turkey or even the syrian coast . 
  if the pro immigration countries are so desperate to both register them and take them in , might as well cut out this nonsense about having the broker countries register and take care of them . 
  croatia and slovenia combined wo n't last a week if significant numbers of people ca n't pass through toward germany . 
  yeah , they do n't have the capacity to take them in this fast , but obviously we do / s, 
  they 're trying to show that slovenia will succeed where `` stupid , racist hungary '' failed and op is asking how long it will take for them to realize that no , no they wo n't . 
  there are litteraly more people on their way to slovenia than there are in slovenia . 
  total . 
  the domestic population would double if everyone decided to stay . 
  they have a capacity to take in 2000 people . 
  this monday alone hungary had 10500 enter it 's border . 
  i do believe syria might actually still be above us in gdp and gdp per capita and seeing as we 're kind of the poster region for unexpected outbreak of war it 's probably a good idea for them not to stay here . 
  so basically , ether the borders stay open or we 're doomed . 
  there were 3 people interviewed on the news today . 
  two were from pakistan and openly stated they were going to germany to look for a job . 
  while that 's perfectly fair , whoever told those guys they can do that without a passport and visa is selling them a bill of goods . 
  the road system is a maze and going the wrong way gets you stuck in the mountains . 
  the place is a mini fortress if it wants to be . 
  not switzerland but , compared to hungary and it 's open plains i would n't bet on an easy passage , especially when the first snow falls . 
  i say fuck it . 
  i 'm currently convinced if push comes to shove we 're more likely to get help from turkey than western europe . 
  we fight and hope for the best and when we lose we remind the fucking russians that we are n't much of a prize by demonstrating insurgency and terrorism slavic style . 
  it 's not a good plan but it 's at least realistic . 
  in a pure east/west split it probably is . 
  that 's why we use central europe most of the time . 
  before reunification the ddr was absolutely a part of eastern europe in every relevant way , but today as par of a unified germany it 's not . 
  ha , at least you guys were smart enough to actually take the money . 
  our line is `` money was allocated to you , not our fault you were too stupid to properly fill out a few forms ( that much is true ) , so obey . '', 
  i mean , where 's the fucking respect . 
  poland is the no 1 reason germany got out of the recession as fast as it did . 
  it was the perfect example of the european project working and now merkel is pissing away a decade of good will . 
  photo op and clever editing . 
  a photo get 's famous because it looks good and fits a narrative . 
  take the photo of the rising of the flag on iwo jima , one of the most famous photos of ww2 . 
  the flag was the second flag to be planted on the mountaintop and the battle for the island was n't even half done at that point . 
  that flag going up basically meant nothing , but the image was phenomenal and now it 's a statue . 
  same here . 
  children looking through a fence at riot cops is a great image . 
  hordes of unwashed , pissed of young men , not so much . 
  my favourite quote was : `` many of the refugees are from syria . '', 
  my immediate reaction being : `` no , all the refugees are from syria . 
  the rest are migrants . '', 
  they interviewed 3 people and 2 were from pakistan , explicitly stating they were looking for jobs and a new life . 
  that 's fine , but they are n't running away in fear of their lives , they fucking said as much and they still get labeled refugees . 
  i swear to god i 'm going to have to stop making fun of us news calling non american black people african-americans if this keeps up . 
  it 's like words mean nothing . 
  i knew that , i did . 
  i know that the narrative trumps everything , but it still pisses me off . 
  syrian president assad said in an interview today that is the west did n't want millions of refugees , maybe not sending aid to terrorists was a good first step . 
  the man , while a strong man dictator , is perfectly sane and reasonable . 
  how anyone though overthrowing him was a good idea after the clusterfuck that was post mubarak egypt is beyond me . 
  the piling on is disgusting . 
  our pm boldly stated that fences were a threat , not a solution and that croatia could handle the people coming through here in a much better way . 
  the the minister of the interior states we can handle 1500 people a day ... the top number in hungary was 10500 . 
  they 're claiming we 'll be fine since we 're just helping them move on and there 's no way slovenia will close it 's border . 
  sure we did a good job on day 1 with only 500 people to deal with , but a ) the principal problem of us having to register them and them not wanting to be registered is very much real and b ) is slovenia does close it 's border we are screwed . 
  there 's 4.5 million of us total . 
  at the best of times we 're still barely making ends meet and these are not the best of times . 
  a week of hungary levels of migration would turn a refugee camp in to our second largest city . 
  this is not going to end well . 
  the kkk is anti jew and anti catholic in addition to being anti non white and is still around . 
  not really . 
  when the other side is literally discussing when best to beat you , throwing a hand grenade in to the room would be an appropriate response . 
  a simple protest is tame as can be . 
  it 's not the tactics , it 's the cause that people dislike . 
  fighting for rules that make it so any two collage kids having drunk sex turns the guy in to a rapist , pisses people off . 
  `` i do n't want to be beaten '' not so much . 
  that 's obvious . 
  the question is why anyone would do something so fundamentally stupid . 
  you do n't allow people to openly discuss how they plan to commit a crime and not arrest them . 
  it 's because they stopped running away some 500km back and are now running toward . 
  toward money , toward good jobs , social benefits all sorts of other things they think they 'll get . 
  isis and asad are n't hot on their heels . 
  they want to move forward because deep down they know there 's no way in hell there 's enough for everyone and they want to be the ones who can say `` fuck you , i got mine '' when the line is drawn . 
  in the pro immigration narrative the immigrants are the good guys so when they act up it has to be because someone did something bad to them . 
  by default , hungary has to be the bad guy . 
  if they flat out said the hungarians were doing everything they could to make a bad situation , they have nothing to do with and no experience in handling ( i mean seriously , it 's a land locked country in the middle of europe , it 's been what , 300 years since they had this many muslims at the gates ) tolerable , then the migrants are the issue , and that just wo n't do . 
  if i were the president of hungary i would pack everyone in express trains to berlin with a giant `` ihr wolt sie , hier sind sie . '', 
  ( you want them , here they are ) painted on the side . 
  there 's no way in hell i 'd be doing anyone any favors is all it get 's me is slander . 
  germany , austria , sweden - already registered , people exactly where they want to be turkey - no one cares , no one is looking jordan - `` what 's a jordan '', 
  the civil wars were political in nature . 
  it was the guys at the top not liking each other rather than the population being internally divided .
