  to you , us europeans , continentals , what ever you like to call us , are a monolith . 
  the decisions are made in brussels , berlin or paris and everyone falls in line . 
  the french , germans and countries of benelux may want trade and cooperation , but us easterners , we see a lot of hate . 
  real hate . 
  our people getting attacked on english streets hate . 
  the proposal of deals that guarantee trade of goods , but screw us over hate , threatening to leave nato if called upon to intervene against russia in europe hate . 
  we see no willingness to be friends , or to cooperate or to be allies or trading partners . 
  the irony being that we probably like you a whole lot more than the germans and french and definitely more than you like us . 
  well we the unworthy have votes . 
  quite a few votes actually , and one of the best parts of the eu is that you ca n't make a deal without us , all of us , saying yes . 
  that 's the most important reason why we do n't care what you think . 
  we do n't need to . 
  you on the other hand , you best start caring about us , really , really soon . 
  i 've began asking my self the all-important question `` why '' every time i see a rule that makes no sense . 
  a lot of the times the reason are in fact stupid , or an overreaction , but in general , someone was exploring a loophole in a big way and it had to be closed . 
  it would n't surprise me one bit if the uk was one of the countries behind the egg law do to getting lots of shipments of 12 really small eggs . 
  i remember the protests . 
  annoying as all hell . 
  blocking the roads every other day . 
  every other day because you ca n't expect people to fight for a `` good cause '' every single day . 
  i 'm just glad they mostly shut up now that we see the only problem with the eu is our own people not being able to get their shit together and access all the eu funds aloted to us . 
  number of victims is far less relevant than number of attacks . 
  terror is n't about tangible resaults . 
  there 's simply no way to win , even if they pulled off one 9/11 every single day . 
  terror , as it 's name implies , is a form of psychological warfare . 
  the munich attack saw and 18 year old single handedly paralyze a major european city . 
  if people expect these attacks at any time , any where , it will have a profound negative impact on our lives . 
  yes , countries do have a functioning legal system where you will have to explain why you 're providing your service illegally , without the proper licenses , without paying taxes , without following any of the local laws . 
  you 're essentially an undocumented worker bringing a suit against your employer , sure , you 'll get your money , minus the fines , taxes owed and depending on the scope of your operation and specific laws broken , even a few months of jail time . 
  the answer to your original question is , because it 's illegal . 
  yes , you can technically break the law and make a living , but if defrauded , i would n't recommend going to the proper authorities . 
  they 're not losing the surplus , they 're losing the totality of service they exported which is most of their total exports . 
  smaller western and northern countries would be the principal beneficiary . 
  especially if we do two rounds of voting . 
  the first with as many candidates as we can get and the second ( assuming no one got above 50 % in round 1 ) between the front runners . 
  people may vote against someone just because their german , french or spanish , but that 's far less likely for a candidate from denmark or belgium . 
  basically , even if they play favorites , there 's not much a small country can do . 
  slovenia for instance , ca n't even begin to attempt placing it self above even a mid sized european country , even with the full backing of the president , where as people could genuanly fear a french president hurting the eu in favor of france . 
  i genuinely feel that candidates from smaller eu nation 's are an easier sell as representatives of all of europe . 
  the difference is that rather than being an anonymous figure very few people actually know , by getting directly elected , people would see him as their president . 
  if your party lost the local electronics but you voted for the current eu president , the local pm or chancellor or president has to worry that almost a half of their country would ignore their own authority in favor of the greater one in brussels . 
  the technical legalities might be on their side , but ultimately power is with the people and if the people do n't recognize you as the supreme authority , no piece of paper saying otherwise will change that . 
  it greatly diminishes the perceived power of their office and ultimately , that counts for a lot . 
  we have a president in addition to a pm , and our pm was appointed under less than transparent circumstances . 
  while the president has no real legal power , when the internal workings of the ruling party started breaking down , the opinion of the president still had weight in spite of being backed by the same party that 's in power . 
  within england you mean . 
  the north of the uk is scotland and while still technically a tribal divide , it 's also a political one . 
  the consumer ? 
  if i have the choice between 2 dozens of eggs , i 'm buying the one with the bigger eggs . 
  i love these . 
  the headline makes it seem stupid . 
  then you read the contents and realize : `` well that 's quite clever , why did n't we have this before ? '', 
  britain has been saying fuck you to europe since the 1300 's . 
  britain always had one leg out of the eu and to be quite frank , their reasons for leaving were both stupid and inapplicable to other eu members . 
  members that have actual major land borders with other eu states . 
  at least anecdotally , the popularity of euroscepticism has gone down as grumpy , cynics have heard the fuck you from the uk , and rather than joining in , have replied with a hearty `` well fuck you too '', 
  why ? 
  what 's the point . 
  the uk is out so why on earth should we care about their opinion . 
  they were never really in it to begin with . 
  always one leg out , never truly committed . 
  de gaulle warned us letting them in was a mistake and we should have listened . 
  we do n't really know . 
  probably not . 
  the consensus seems to be that no one really knew the assets were toxic and most banks did n't realize how much they them selves were exposed , but at the end of the day , we just do n't know how little or how much anyone knew . 
  what we do know is that if someone were to try and do it intentionally , they could . 
  overload banks with bad debt backed by property at inflated prices . 
  let it crash , sink the banks , buy them up . 
  it 's not hard for banks in the west , let alone banks that are basically an extension of the chinese state . 
  and british intervention in iraq was ? 
  the simple truth is , the us does not act on behalf of the uk , ever . 
  this was argentina occupying sovereign british territory , and the response was to what , lend one shit if the brits fuck up too badly ? 
  in a partnership , the response would have been the immediate guarantee of unconditionally support and the assurance that if the us has a say , the falklands are staying british . 
  what they got was the guarantee of an extra ship if they lost the two they had , but if they could n't take the falklands them selves , they were shit out of luck . 
  on the flip side , the us has no issues dragging the uk on vanity war adventures . 
  that a colony-mother country relationship if ever there was one . 
  the us did n't have use for hk but wanted a close relationship with china , so any talk of not giving hk back was imeditly shut down , and that was that . 
  the us did n't care about the falklands but did n't care about argentina ether . 
  the policy was thus , do nothing unless they embarrasse them selves , then help , but do n't directly intervene . 
  let the little guys do it them selves if they can , if they ca n't , no harm , no fault . 
  however , when the us needed a coalition for an illegal war under false pretenses , it was all aboard . 
  the us did n't need actual help , but if a few dead british soldiers was the extent of the price that needed to be payed to make that particular expedition look international , well that 's hardly an issue . 
  if the us decided to go to war with iran , the uk follows . 
  if the uk said they wanted nothing to do with nato and that the us should back out of europe because their feelings are hurt , they would get a pat on the head , while being told to put on their big boy pants and stop talking like they have a say . 
  if the us wants to leave europe it will ( although given that turkey losing nato membership is n't even on the table , that seems less than likely ) but if the us wants to keep it 's presence the uk will be right there , standing by the us wether they like it or not . 
  no , you do n't agree with them . 
  remember the falklands ? 
  the us did fuck all to help britain . 
  the uk wanted to try and keep hong kong , but would n't do it alone and the us said no . 
  the us has stopped the uk from taking action on multiple occasions while dragging it in to every war exept vietnam , however the us has not gone along with anything the uk did since ww2 and i 'm not sure even that counts since hitler declared war with the us before a decision could be made on that point . 
  if anything , the uk has only gotten more dependant and less likely to present anything resembling a spine . 
  the uk does not get to mess with us geopolitical interests , the uk does n't get a say . 
  exactly . 
  the uk is basically a honorary us colony . 
  barkley 's bought out lehman brothers . 
  let 's cut the crap . 
  bottom line , the people jumping to conclusions , 100 % right . 
  the people claiming there was nothing to see here , dead wrong . 
  one side is operating on the basis of recent experience , the other on the basis of wishful thinking . 
  it 's terrorism is the new `` most likely '' .
