  trying to make the world in to what you think it should look like , without first changing what it is , is the equivalent of giving a thirsty man sea water . 
  it just looks like you 're helping . 
  yes , blame the imbeciles who decided that laws are more like guidelines when being pro immigration was worth a lot of political points . 
  trains would work just fine . 
  it 's not like you need to force the migrants to stay on and no one would care if they could just move through . 
  there 's no debate . 
  you do whatever , do nothing , take in the world , as long as no one else is involved in the master plan , everything 's fine . 
  again . 
  whatever you want , just shut up , do it and leave the rest of us alone . 
  that was mutual . 
  the warsaw pact and nato both put significant resources in to securing that particular border . 
  while people were permitted to escape to the west , the nato powers were absolutely against the free movement of people between the blocks . 
  only significant portions of the country and only for a century or so . 
  feel free to open a direct train route to germany . 
  no one is going to stop you . 
  you can also take them by boat if you think there 'll be problems with third countries . 
  you want unconditional , limitless migration , go right ahead , just do n't drag the rest of us in to this mess . 
  for croatia , it has to be scotland . 
  the british isles are basically yugoslavia with the one country to rule them all that is also god 's gift to man kind . 
  the one country that 's broken along religious lines . 
  the one really small country that everyone kind of understands but no one 's really sure what they 're saying and the two awesome ones , us and scotland . 
  oh , and of course the two that always get forgotten . 
  this is spot on and it does n't have to even be related to terrorists . 
  a lufthansa pilot allegedly committed suicide by ramming a plane full of people in to a mountain last year . 
  pilots need to be screened , for ties to extremists , but also for signs of being overworked or depressed . 
  you might google immigration policy . 
  you might google finding a job or a place to live . 
  if it 's safe enough to go back to , it 's safe enough to stay long enough to get some clear information . 
  i mean for christ 's sake , for all they knew , the nazis might have been in power and the moment they got to germany they could have been put in a forced labor camp . 
  non dumb people , reguardless of race , education , cultural background or financial status , do n't make easely avoidable mistakes . 
  these people are those countries lemmings . 
  we 're getting the morons dumb enough to fall for the most transparent scam since the nigerian price . 
  sure , sure . 
  a 95 % failure rate is fine and dandy . 
  getting someone to take a bomb on a plane is impossible . 
  where would they even put it ? 
  their shoes , their underpants ? 
  http://fortune.com/2015/06/02/the-tea-airport-security-problems/ according to homeland security , the tsa missed 95 % of the stuff they were smuggling through to test them . 
  the purpose of full body scanners is not to stop terrorist attacks , which is a good thing since they do n't . 
  they exist to give people a sense of security . 
  it 's a very visible way to make people who were afraid to fly post 9/11 feel safe again . 
  the real reason why a 9/11 style attack is unlikely is two fold . 
  fist , cockpits are now locked by a big , strong door . 
  second , passengers will fight back . 
  9/11 could happen because people were conditioned to `` do n't be a hero '' the stuff that happens on the ground is for show . 
  as long as both pilots and passengers refuse to cooperate , hijacking a plane is all but impossible . 
  again , you 're giving your selves way to much credit . 
  no one thinks the uk is an obstacle . 
  no one thinks the uk is holding the eu back . 
  as i stated before , this is entirely personal . 
  had your leaders not insisted on making a scene and than trying to leverage the threat of the uk leaving in order to get concessions , things would be very different , but now there are only two camps . 
  those who think you never had any intention of leaving and this is all a crude negotiation tactic and those who think you have no intention of staying and just want to see how much you can push us around before going away . 
  people are fed up . 
  there is no country in which the public would n't back their leaders saying the uk should get nothing . 
  there is no country where people want to lift a finger to stop the uk from leaving and there 's no country where the public would n't support treating the uk like any other foreign nation that constantly insists on publically insulting us . 
  it is petty and it is small , but that 's people for you . 
  you have this attitude , this way of thinking that always puts you in the center . 
  there just has to be some massive secret plan , some deeper motive , some angle to our actions that requires the uk to stay , or to fail or for us to succeed . 
  the uk simply is n't liked and it 's your fault . 
  you will be the victims of petty retribution for the simple reason that on a national level , you lack tact . 
  i think your read is a bit off . 
  while our politicians are certainly trying to get you to stay , if we had a referendum of our own on the question of letting you stay or kicking you out , i do n't like the your odds of staying . 
  the fact that you so nonavailability describe the union as a criminal organization , something i heard quite a few times now , only goes to prove our point . 
  you 're not one of us . 
  to put it differently , you seem to think that the talk of punishing the uk after you leave is a threat meant to scare you in to staying . 
  it 's not , we want you gone and we want you to fail because quite frankly , you made your selves unlikable . 
  it does n't help that even people like you , who are in the `` stay in europe '' camp seem more like someone deciding to stay on a diet because they know it 's good for them , but hating every minute of it . 
  while it 's not fair , unlike most other countries , you guys simply do n't get to do the whole `` one speech for the folks at home , one speech for the people abroad '' because everyone can hear and understand you . 
  like it or not , being vocal and being rude and harsh about the eu basically forces everyone else in to a hostile counter stance . 
  you do n't get to do emotionally charged speeches , you do n't get to speek your mind and expect no consequences . 
  the principal european vice is pride . 
  when others talk about the eu being bad the powers that be can choose not to listen , but you do n't have that option . 
  people have been listening to your politicians running on platforms that boil down to sticking it to the rest of us . 
  others do it too . 
  no one cares . 
  if you leave , from our perspective you guys are the ones who decided to make it ugly and right now , not one political party in europe has the political capital to turn the other cheak . 
  it 's important to consider the wider circumstances . 
  this is n't the uk calmly and quietly deciding that the long term plans of the eu and the uk are not in alignment and a controlled separation is in everyone 's best interest . 
  the uk has been bitching and moaning about the eu since forever , blaming it for everything they did n't like , making scenes and getting concessions at every step . 
  you do n't get to say : `` fuck you !, 
  you 're the devil !, 
  go die in a fire !, 
  we 're gone ! '', 
  and then turn around and say , `` but we 're cool when it comes to the stuff that actually benefits us , right ? '', 
  they are also slightly delusional on both counts . 
  first , even a million people a year is wishful thinking at this point . 
  this is by far the worst time of year to try and come here and the numbers are still huge and are only going to grow as it gets warmer . 
  as far as integration goes , even during the comparatively slow and small waves of muslim immigration , waves that saw people who were actually needed in the workforce coming to europe because they had necessary skills , spawned a generation of kids , 20,000 of who decided to fight for isis . 
  integration failed miserably in conditions close to ideal and the current ones are anything but . 
  this is why the whole fence and wall ideas are moronic . 
  if they get in they are perfectly justified in thinking that no one will care how they got in . 
  to stop the migrant wave we need to go with a political defense in debth . 
  basically , if they want to come to europe , fine , but has to be made clear , there 's nothing here for them other than temporary relief for war refugees . 
  no jobs , no handouts , no citizenship and harsh punishment involving hard labor for anyone breaking the law . 
  if you have riot police at the border , but see friendly volonteurs with welcome signs at your destination , why would n't you try to fight your way through . 
  no , we are all very firmly committed to making sure we cooperate with the migrants in achieving our mutual goal of them moving on . 
  i do n't have much power or influence , but i do have enough of a voice to fight for making this not our problem . 
  i will go to jail before allowing my country to become a fucking border guard . 
  if western europe wants to shoot migrants that 's fine , but you 're not pulling us in to this one . 
  and by god i want to do everything i can to make sure they get to help every single one .
