  the uk staying in the eu is in our best mutual interest , but you took a giant dump on that . 
  you ca n't punch someone in the face and say `` look , it 's in our mutual interest not to get in a fight . '', 
  we have plenty of petty , vindictive people too you know , and we have much less to lose and much more to gain from playing hardball . 
  because most of the things they do n't like are directly related to it . 
  you need european intervention in national legal matters because if the single market lets you sell your stuff anywhere , you need to make sure no one is pulling a fast one buy selling unsafe or substandard goods . 
  the infamous banana and egg laws the uk loves to make fun of are a resault of this . 
  you need an entety with the power to regulate across borders and brits do n't want that . 
  you need freedom of movement . 
  each country has some built in advantages . 
  some advantages like manufacturing or finance or high tech services do n't require you to be present localy to compete . 
  a car maker , a bank or a web designer can compete all over europe , but people like tradesmen or laborers ca n't sell their product , their work , withoubt freedom of movement . 
  it 's a brilliant balancing mechanism because as a country falls behind , the jobless leave , get money abroad , send some of it back and in a decent number of cases they come back as the economic landscape improved and they add to it further . 
  it also creates an incentive for rich countries to invest in rapid development of poor countries so as to combat migration . 
  it 's key to a lasting union and brits hate it . 
  the british idea of a single market is full freedom to move capital as they are unrivaled in the field , no tarrifs on goods , but soft protectionism is fine . 
  free movement of high end services and freedom of movement for ex pats , but not for bloody immigrants . 
  yup , the eu has so far done nothing and the uk is imploding . 
  no plan , no coordination , no unity , no strong mandate , wasteing the very limited time they have to negotiate . 
  they 're writing the book on all the potential land mines you can step on while leaving the union by stepping on every single one . 
  governments also have budgets . 
  here 's the reality . 
  say they built or renovated a building to be state of the art in terms of safety . 
  their opponents would attack them for spending that much on one building when they could have used the money on three and have similar resaults . 
  safety is only the absolute number one priority after something bad happens . 
  everyone will reguard it as irrelevant if nothing bad happened in a while . 
  the fact that you need not only laws , but technical assistants in the form of loud beeps to make people wear a seat belt shows the sheer amount of disreguard people have for safety . 
  right now you can justify any expense in the name of fire safety . 
  next year people will forget . 
  of course your highness . 
  your severely fractured government will certainly bow to your will and not the money people in london , because you matter , and you are important . 
  there 's no way your own government would fuck you over in order to gain some short term benefit . 
  they got less than 15 % of the vote . 
  that 's actually on the low end of populist movements . 
  being second only counts for something if you can build a ruling coalition which they absolutely ca n't . 
  the issue with that is that no one used it even as a desperation play . 
  if it was down to strategy , there is a point where you say `` fuck it , maybe they hurt us back , but at this point we 're loseing so badly that it 's our only option . '', 
  the red army crossing your border and starting the vengance champaign is a good time to stop pulling punches if using gas was ever on the table . 
  no , the problem is that everyone has plenty of things to hide and even if they did n't , they would still have plenty to worry about . 
  how easy would it be to frame someone you know everything about ? 
  how easy would it be to paint someone in a horrible light by selectively releasing information . 
  i have nothing to hide is , was an always will be a lie . 
  people need to stop pretending it 's a big deal to have secrets . 
  a ) and those few people happen to be the ones who want to use encryption . 
  most people do n't really care about their stuff being encrypted , but those who do will take the extra steps b ) someone will make a program that does everything automatically in the background so it 's convenient for the people who otherwise would n't, 
  well you also need to actually win in order to write `` my victory '' i mean , technically you do n't , but the book would be a stretch . 
  you would have to use some pretty out there mental gymnastics to convince people that ww2 was actually a win for germany ... and now i 'm sad hitler did n't get to write a book explaining how he actually won ww2 while sitting in an allied cell . 
  austria hungary falling appart did n't do anyone any favors . 
  building a strong block based of a long , shared history is likely a good idea . 
  if we could agree on the issues we 'd even have quite a few votes and if we do n't , open dialogue is never a bad thing . 
  i think that 's the point . 
  we already have a bunch of people who moved to the rest of europe . 
  there just are n't that many potential migrants left to be much of an issue . 
  if i remember correctly the planed sequel that was supposed to come out after the war would have been called mein sieg , my victory . 
  however it was a second hand account of a meeting between the heads of hitlers publisher . 
  they wanted him to be the author , but also considered having it be a biography since he might actually want to write it , but might not have the time . 
  the idea was scrapped in 1945 for obvious reasons . 
  never is a very , very long time . 
  based on what ? 
  her family did n't conquer britain , they were given the crown and land by parliament , the legal and representative body of the united kingdom . 
  if one could argue , then argue because they did nothing illegal nor immoral to gain that land so i 'd like to hear your point . 
  which is the point . 
  all the seemingly uninforcable rules places like the ussr had were n't there to stop people from doing stuff like singing `` capitalist propaganda songs '' or some other nonsense . 
  they were there so that if the party wanted you in jail , they could bring you up on charges that were actually true . 
  it creates a semblance of a just legal system . 
  you do n't even need to go back in time . 
  the very simple fact is that access to porn is directly corelated to lower rates of sexual violence . 
  this holds true even within national , cultural and socioeconomic borders . 
  she rents her private land out to the government for next to nothing . 
  is she became a private citizen and started charging market rates she 'd be making orders of magnitude more money . 
  it 's not quite that simple . 
  it makes it more expensive for countries that export outside the eu , but countries that export within the eu but import from the rest of the world would see the benefits . 
  it would also make individual europeans wealthier which generally spurs local economies . 
  it 's not all good , but it 's hardly all bad . 
  that 's the thing , while electors ca n't grant legitimacy , they can grant legality . 
  in practice this means that while they ca n't put up a random person , they could elect the other candidate . 
  a candidate that has legitimacy by virtue of their own base and the fact that they are legally the president while the other candidate is the president by tradition alone . 
  this would only be more complicated if there was another situation where the candidate that won , lost the popular vote . 
  i would recommend looking in to the histories of great nation 's and their traditions and seeing how far that `` sure technically they could , but they would never ... '' get 's you in the long run . 
  it 's a ticking time bomb . 
  you and most other people disregard it , but it 's part of the system . 
  a part that 's basically chechovs gun , just sitting there and waiting for someone to take it off the wall and shoot . 
  the system is fundamentally irrational . 
  it was never built by any person or group . 
  it 's the resault of a dragnet being pulled through history and the mess inside is the ec . 
  any individual part might make some amount of sense in a vacuum , but it 's not in a vacuum . 
  any part of it can obviously be imagined since it was imagined , but no one would ever think of putting these parts together . 
  they are arbitrary because no decision was ever made to put them together . 
  it 's just people dragging that net further , filling it with more stuff and hoping the workarounds people found keep it from bursting open . 
  that 's the thing though , it 's not . 
  you know how the system works so it 's obvious , but even most americans have no idea what electoral count is based on and they actually have the final number of electors as well as electoral votes per state to guide them . 
  let 's tie it to the number of representatives is not intuitive even to people who live with the system , let alone someone starting from scratch . 
  and you also missed a big part of it . 
  while states get 3 plus votes , in the majority of cases the all go to the same candidate . 
  it makes no sense . 
  if the goal is to make sure as many people as possible have a voice and no one can be ignored , why build a system where a majority , no matter how slim , of a states population can simply take the votes from everyone else and give them to their candidate . 
  anyone looking at the collage would assume it 's distributed proportionately or more likely by region , but 50 individual winner takes all competitions is just nuts . 
  finally you have the part where the election part of the election is not really legally binding . 
  that ultimate power rests with some random electors who can vote in anyone they like but have a moral obligation to follow the will of the people . 
  litteraly no one would consider that remotely viable . 
  again , people generally do n't know that this is how the system works which is ironically why it works .
