  a qualified majority is a legal reqirement that a vote reqire a majority greater than 50 % +1 . 
  the reason this ca n't happen is that no country , especially the largest ones , would never agree to a system where other nations might impress upon them a deal that 's not in their favor . 
  that 's how you get a un where every other decision is a condemnation of israel . 
  everyone negotiates together . 
  we all agree to a deal or none of us do . 
  they left because the eu was infringing on their soverenty . 
  now apparently the eu respects the will of the local people too much . 
  everything is working exactly as intended . 
  you need 28 yes votes to make a deal . 
  canada could n't get belgiums vote . 
  there are plenty of other countries that would have likely said no as well . 
  if wallonia really was the only holdout , it 's trivial to compensate them for any losses . 
  in truth , the uk was the only country really pushing for the deal . 
  everyone else was different degrees of sceptical . 
  that 's something that can happen anywhere . 
  the bigger issue is that it 's normalized to a degree . 
  in most countries killing a random family member of a person that wronged you will turn you in to scum in the eyes of your whole community . 
  this bullshit means that there will be people justifying what happened . 
  this makes it more likely to happen because you can kill a random innocent and still have a place in society . 
  no , no , bullshit , no . 
  the british people brought us brexit . 
  it already peeves me enough that politicians , elected by the public , time after time , get sole blame for all the worlds woes , but there 's absolutely no valid argument that anyone but the voting public gave everyone brexit , and the voting most certainly did n't care about a system that meant the uk had absolute veto power over any decision , because the voting public did n't know the uk , along with every other country , had a veto , because that would n't fit in to the narrative of a united kingdom at the mercy of almighty europe ... that can be halted in it 's tracks by them or great powers such as luxembourg for any reason or no reason at all . 
  no , it really was n't . 
  pitty that , given that the actual reasons were shit and this one is n't . 
  oh , you get the same voting rights as everyone , but that 's just a vote . 
  everyone gets a vote . 
  the uk had a voice . 
  the uk 's opinion was relevant . 
  now , when introducing and shaping policy , the opinions of even the smallest eu countries carry greater weight than the uk . 
  it actually matters if croatia or slovenia have an objection . 
  not much , but it still matters . 
  the uk 's thoughts can be brushed off as utterly irrelevant , since even in matters that require a unanimous vote , we merely need to wait 2 years to overcome any veto . 
  the uk is now a mid sized foreign country off the coast of france , that 's technically still a member , but in practice , expect the gradual severing of ties even before a 50 is invoked and also expect to be paying in to eu funds long after you no longer have any voting rights . 
  well no . 
  you can mandate that and they would have to modify it so that the animal is unharmed . 
  basically , you would stick stuff to the bull , which is actually more impressive than stabbing it , since the bull does n't slow down . 
  it becomes an actual game of survival for the human . 
  there 's almost certainly legal issues , but i for one would n't mind if the only participant risking their life is a consenting human . 
  animal fighting in rigged games is the height of cruelty , animal dodging might be fun . 
  france has as much a say in the negotiations as anyone else . 
  the french can unilaterally veto any deal as can every other member state , but realistically , they wo n't have to . 
  france and germany ( especially germany since they benefit from trade with the uk the most ) should be the countries pushing for a trade deal , everyone in eastern and southern europe could n't care less about trade , but cares deeply about movement , so you already have a majority that will vote no , no matter what . 
  if france and germany are n't willing to fight for a deal , it 's not going to happen . 
  he know that . 
  he knows that he can act tough for the folks at home , then be nice to the uk and tell them that france wo n't block a deal , but wo n't push for one , knowing full well that , that 's the same thing as a death sentence . 
  everyone in europe likes canada , and we still torpedoed a deal almost a decade in the making . 
  the canadian pm was extremely frustrated and made that clear , but still would n't stop the negotiations , because he knows a deal is absolutely worth it and that while it seems like we 're pulling some cruel prank , we 're not . 
  that 's just how the eu works . 
  there 's not going to be a fight . 
  that 's the beauty of the european system . 
  every proposal the uk makes is going to be vetoed by someone , or multiple someone 's . 
  the french can talk about a price , but we do n't need spite or retribution . 
  trying to make a deal with the eu , even on the best of terms is a special kind of hell . 
  the canadian prime minister essentially broke down after nearly a decade of negotiating still came to nothing because belgium , romania , slovenia and austria did n't like the deal . 
  does n't matter that the deal is beneficial to the eu as a whole , each member get 's a veto . 
  you need to deal with the eu as a whole , while keeping each of the 28 , or in the uk 's case , 27 members happy . 
  forget france , and forget germany . 
  they 're not a real problem . 
  both countries benefit greatly from trade , while caring far , far less about movement . 
  everyone else though , especially eastern and southern europe will veto any bill without movement outright , because they could n't care less about trade , but movement is critical . 
  it 's also not remotely like children fighting . 
  it 's a divorce , but one where the uk wants to retain access to the house , without participating in paying the utilities . 
  the punishment hollande is talking about , is that by not being in the eu , the uk would no longer benefit from the eu . 
  a state of affairs you should be happy with . 
  it 's ultimately just posturing . 
  the eu does n't need to take a hard line . 
  anyone trying to make a deal with the eu knows that even when everyone wants a deal , getting one is like pulling a teeth from a wild tiger . 
  there are only two points of information that anyone needs to know . 
  first , is germany going to fight to get a deal through . 
  as the biggest eu economy and the country with the most to lose from a hard brexit , their opinion matters . 
  are all the other large economies , or a combination of large and small economies going to be fighting for a deal ? 
  basically , germany is opposition from the proverbial top , and this is wide opposition . 
  if any of these is a no , there 's basically no chance for a deal . 
  no one can push germany to do something they do n't want and overcooking wide opposition when you need a unanimous vote is basically impossible . 
  as things stand , the answer to both questions is no . 
  the big economies are willing to lose out on a deal and most of the rest is actively fighting against any deal that does n't have free movement . 
  we can just say nothing and let the british descend in to bureaucratic hell as they slowly begin to understand that a ) a deal being a net benefit for the eu is n't enough because the eu is n't a monolith , it 's a union of nations and b ) you need to deal with every country individually as if it was the whole eu because while every country has an independent policy , every country has effective veto power . 
  it does however prove that the best of us are better than the best of you and ultimately , is n't that all that counts ? 
  so is thinking a potentially crazy person would never do anything crazy . 
  a shocking number of people are prone to magical thinking , and i do n't just mean the religious kind . 
  we may be certain that no one would be silly enough to invade the eu , let alone a relatively minor power like turkey , but if they convinced them selves europe is weak and the americans wo n't interfere or that they 'll get help from putin or they 'll spark a universal jihad that will see millions flock to their banners or something equally stupid , then attacking suddenly becomes perfectly rational . 
  take the south seceding from the union or more currently , brexit as examples . 
  do to perceiving them selves as being oppressed and being vastly more important than they really were , they made impulsive decisions with little to no upside and massive downsides . 
  people will do unimaginably stupid things for reasons that are perfectly rational if you accept a series of faulty assumptions . 
  all stereotypes aside , a fringe benefit of communist rule was that women were made legal equals by decree over night . 
  there are assholes here just like everywhere else , but it 's no coincidence that the country with the highest level of gender equality in europe is n't one of the glorious scandinavians . 
  it 's little slovenia . 
  so tell me , ca n't finns respect women like they can ? 
  does n't matter what `` the elites '' or anyone else wants , no one is getting thinking citizens . 
  for centuries people have fought to suppress ideas . 
  stupid . 
  if you ban something you make it interesting and you tell people exactly what they should be looking for . 
  on the flip side , give people all the information they could ever desire and they 'll turn away in disgust or get distracted by the fist kitty cat that walks by their window . 
  it 's important to distinguish the leadership from the rank and file . 
  it 's absolutely possible and even likely that nationalist iraqis used the existing anti western , we 're the freedom fighters sentiment , added a dose of radical islam and attracted fundies from all over the world to fight for them . 
  look at any cult . 
  the great leader does n't need to be a true believer , just his followers . 
  i do n't doubt for a second that the majority of isis members are exactly the kind of religious radicals they 're made out to be , but i have no qualms believing that they 're being commanded by assholes with their own agenda . 
  they 're also muslims and likely believe in what they preach , except that they 're iraqis first , muslims second . 
  that 's not an uncommon state of affairs .
