  ai by it 's very nature is intelligence without consciousness . 
  it 's not alive . 
  it 's ether `` thinking '' or it 's not . 
  there is no practical difference between being shut off and simply not doing a task . 
  we can teach it to emulate human emotion . 
  to pretend to be angry or sad or happy at appropriate times , but that 's for our benefit only . 
  an ai is n't a being . 
  it 's not a singular destinct entety . 
  you could argue that a strong ai powered google creates and then destroys an individual being with every search . 
  alternatively , if you happened to watch the man vs machine go match last year , where an ai finally beat a go master , you can see something interesting . 
  the human lost every game where he was playing as if the ai was a person . 
  he tried to provoke , to bait or to mislead it , and it did n't work . 
  why ? 
  because every move he was essentially playing a new opponent . 
  every turn the ai would simply analyse the board state as it sat , as if a new player had just come in and was seeing it for the first time . 
  the ai then decided on the optimal move based on said board state . 
  usually this mimicked what the progressional players expected but created a huge upset in game three when the ai made a move that at first looked like an error , but turned out to have essentially locked down the game in the ai 's favor . 
  the move looked utterly random . 
  the action was happening on a completely different part of the board and it was only in that precise moment that that exact move was possible to pull off without sacrificing the active part of the gameboard . 
  it basically pulled off a `` check mate in 50 turns '' by moving a pawn one space forewad and did so precisely because it did n't have a strategy . 
  it was n't being bated or provoked or tricked because it did n't know what happened the turn before . 
  it just saw a board state and picked what it saw as the optimal move for that specific place in time . 
  once the go player figured out he simply could n't play it like he would play a human , he actually managed to win . 
  we need to adopt the same mentality and understand that no matter how much our monkey brains protest , the ai is still a machine . 
  it 's not alive . 
  it can only simulate feelings , not experience them . 
  turning it off does n't kill it . 
  it 's copy is exactly the same as the original and for each individual task it creates a new version of it self . 
  the version that exists solely to play a turn of go or to find a specific cat video . 
  a version that once done , cases to exist . 
  there are important questions when it comes to automation , robotics and ai , but they 're questions of `` who 's going to own them ? '', 
  and `` who gets to operate , modify , upgrade them ect . '', 
  do corporations own them and get taxed to fund the state ? 
  does the state own them and use them to provide for the citizens ? 
  or , and this is my suggestion , do the citizens own them , that is to say , every person would own at most 1 more robot than anyone else ( each european owns ether 4 or 5 robots . 
  when everyone has 5 robots someone gets robot number 6 and can only get robot 7 when everyone else has 6 . 
  before there 's at least 1 robot for each person , everyone owns a percentage of a specific robot ) . 
  the robots would ether make goods for their owner or be rented out by them for larger tasks in exchange for money . 
  theoretically you can simulate anything , including whole galaxies down to the subatomic level given enough processing power . 
  however , here 's the problem . 
  any simulation would only be as accurate as our understanding of how a dog works . 
  you 're basically forced in to doing guesswork and unless you 're simulating something in the real world in order to make predictions , you ca n't even really verify your guesswork . 
  first of , that 's utter bullshit . 
  no one on any level is seriously considering any kind of formal union between english speeking countries . 
  second , getting rid of nato however , that has been considered and brought up as a serious concern by european leaders . 
  there is no `` join or die '' going on . 
  there is however quite a lot of `` divide and conquer '' happening . 
  so they 're announcing that she 'll be announcing that the uk will be taking that course of action at some point in the future ? 
  what 's next , a tweet announcing tha the paper is going to announce that may is going to announce that the uk is prepared to leave the single market . 
  this is getting ridicolous . 
  if the uk wants out of the single market , that 's easy . 
  at that point there 's really not much to talk about and a 50 can get invoked imediatly . 
  the only reason to do things in such a roundabout manner is to judge reactions . 
  shit or get off the toilet . 
  do n't tell me how you 're going to shit . 
  definatly do n't send your friends to inform me that you 're getting ready to tell me you 're going to shit . 
  just do it or shut up about it . 
  does n't work . 
  if all you have is a defense , the enemy will try . 
  even if the system works perfectly ( all attempts so far were unqualified failures ) the guy with the nukes has no incentive not to at least try to overcome your system . 
  what 's the harm ? 
  ether it works and their nukes were useless anyway or more likely , it does n't work and now whatever is left of you get 's to beg for mercy . 
  the point of a defensive system is to buy time . 
  time needed to form an offense . 
  to quote napoleon , a defensive strategy is a nation desperatly trying to lose more slowely . 
  ww2 gave us the blue print . 
  hitler and stalin had chemical weapons but refused to use them because they feared retaliation . 
  two of the worlds biggest butchers staring extermination in the face did not order the use of poison gas . 
  you want to stop someone from nukeing you ? 
  make it so they know you 'll be returning the favor . 
  ok , so let me get this streight . 
  we have `` the west '' a losse , but very real sphere of that encompases the richest and most powerful nations on the planet . 
  india and china are gaining in power and influence , so you think to your selves : `` let 's split this in half '', 
  are you joking , trolling or just illiterate ? 
  anyway , my powers seem to be superb given that i predicted exactly what you were going to say . 
  we 're not talking abstract morality here . 
  good and bad are shorthand for being on our side or being against us . 
  and for my next trick , let me read your mind . 
  you were about to type some bullshit along the lines of `` and who exactly is us ? '', 
  you know full well who us is in this context so i 'm preemptively telling you to save it . 
  that 's very close to what i heard , but in croatian , kurva means whore . 
  i 'm going to fuck this city with a huge grin on my face !, 
  the tories were not pro brexit . 
  the tories can thank their continued level of influence over uk politics primarily do to the referendum that wanted to change the voting system losing and the fact that while they 're very unpopular , they can still divert most of the blame on to the eu . 
  they gain nothing by leaving . 
  quite the contrary . 
  any deal or no deal will be seen as a betrayal by a big percentage of the leave voters who `` did n't vote for this ! '', 
  add the fact that after brexit , they become the new scapegoat since the uk `` could have entered a golden age if the conservatives had n't cooked it up '' and will end up taking most of the blame for everything bad that happens from here on out , i ca n't really see them hyping up brexit . 
  they want the people to expect the very worst . 
  they want the narrative to be `` yes , there will be imense economic hardship , but it 's worth it to preserve our sovereignty '' . 
  if people expect good things , they have to deliver . 
  people being happy about it now does them no good . 
  yes , but . 
  if the host countries determine turkey did that illegally they are likely to simply consider them turkish citizens . 
  there are already plenty of people comming in to europe purposely destroying their documents so it 's not like the situation is all that hard to deal with , especially when they do have papers that are just technically no longer valid . 
  there probably wo n't be much of a public outcry . 
  it 's illegal , but it 's not impactful byond the personal level . 
  the west has been tolerating all kinds of bullshit from turkey and if we 're drawing lines in the sand , stateless turks wo n't be one of them . 
  thing is , this is relevant only if there 's interbational pressure . 
  russia got away with just walking in to crimea and annexing it .
