  getting someone up to speed mid way through is exceptionally difficult and hireing someone you know is high risk is just bad management . 
  let 's look at this objectively shall we . 
  is there a motivation for someone stabbing 3 girls that would make the act better ? 
  would the fact that he had no reason what so ever make it better ? 
  people like to throw around mental health issues like they 're a catch all excuse . 
  unless the guy is suffering from something like schizophrenia and genuinely can not distinguish between things that are real and things that are not , he is a person with a value system that allows him , for some reason , to stab little girls . 
  once we establish that , the precise reason is irrelevant . 
  so let 's look at this from the other direction . 
  i 'm a criminal . 
  i know that you have certain limits you wo n't go beyond . 
  limits that are in fact , quite wide . 
  limits i can comfortably hide inside , collect others willing to work with me and commit crimes in the full knowledge that we 'll ether go unpunished , or that the punishment is so lenient , we have no reason to fear it . 
  as we demonstrate that crime does pay , that achieving ones goals by illegal means is a valid way of life , more and more people will join in , until the problem escalates to a point where a normal crime free existence become impossible . 
  here we have a criminal who 's threshold for punishment is far , far greater than that of all but the worst of europeans . 
  the ax attacker from earlier today was shoot , but only after attacking the police and the police ended up being criticized for the way they acted . 
  this guy is n't dead , and does n't have to fear death , or even any great level of uncomfort . 
  he 's going to be a hero to the muslim inmates in whatever jail he ends up in and might receive financial compensation for the attack if he pledges himself to isis . 
  how do you deter these people from doing what they 're doing , because if you do n't , more and more people are going to see it as a legitimate way to live . 
  two attacks a year , became two attacks a month , became 2 attacks a day . 
  french prisons are already jihadi training camps and this problem is likely to spread through out europe . 
  our system of justice is geared to the re socialization of deviant europeans . 
  we rehabilitate our own . 
  you ca n't do that with people who were never part of our society to begin with . 
  who share none of our values , and would undoubtedly have no issue lying , just to secure early release and commit another crime . 
  we are woefully unprepared to handle what 's happening . 
  the system does n't work because we 're trying to get it to do something it was never intended for . 
  are you 5 years old ? 
  because thats about the age were humans should begin to understand concepts . 
  a style , something that is representative and recognizable as part of a bigger artistic movement . 
  yes , because what idiot would make such a huge decision before knowing all the facts . 
  i mean you would have to be a complete moron to just have a referendum on leaving a union before knowing any details or having any plan . 
  no one could possibly be that short sighted . 
  most money has a picture of an asshole on it . 
  some money depicts a tourist attraction . 
  european money depicts a common idea . 
  the bridge is n't any specific bridge , but it 's not a japanese bridge , or a brazilian bridge or an american bridge . 
  it 's a european bridge . 
  it means something to people , just look at this thread . 
  people are defending an imaginary bridge , because it 's our imaginary bridge . 
  our money does n't depict a symbol , our money is a symbol . 
  the symbols are n't neutral . 
  they are representative of european architecture withoubt being specific . 
  we symbolically all invoke a 50 and imediatly reform as a `` new '' union . 
  problem solved . 
  politics is n't a game . 
  there are no real rules , only agreements that last as long as everyone is willing . 
  and most of the time , that snowflake was the uk . 
  let 's not pretend that major deals were derailed because poland or luxembourg wanted something . 
  they were brought in line . 
  of course it 's not necessarily bad , but it will all but certainly be here . 
  consider the following . 
  the uk wants trade deals to sell it 's goods or services . 
  it 's goal is to get the best possible terms in as many markets as it can . 
  nations like australia , china , the us , japan , canada and others want to open their markets as little as possible since the uk is selling finished goods ( planes , trains and cars ) and financial services , rather than raw materials , bringing the uk in direct opposition to local lobbies . 
  when making a deal the uk will be forced to open it 's market by a lot . 
  the chinese for instance , will defiantly demand guarantees that their citizens will be able to buy property without any limit , that there be no quotas or tariffs on chinese made goods , no restrictions on british industry being outsourced to china ect , while in return offering only a partial opening of the chinese market in return . 
  if the uk says no , every other country get 's to demand more because the uk has one less potential trading partner . 
  if the uk says yes , it 's market get 's even more saturated . 
  open it for japanese cars and the us suddenly cares less about the uk auto market because people already have cars and will have a wide choice in new cars so for the same amount of access to uk markets , they 'll offer less , because they know they 'll be selling fewer cars . 
  while a trade deficit with any given country is not a bad thing . 
  a trade deficit in general , that is to say , the uk overall importing significantly more than it exports does mean a bleeding off of wealth . 
  having an open market with all the major global economic players poses one important question . 
  what can the uk make and what can the uk do that no one else can do better , because uk businesses would be going head to head against everyone in the world . 
  germany , japan and the us have a firm hold on high end goods . 
  china and india control the low end . 
  they all get to sell in britain , so what does britain sell to the british public and what does it sell to the world , because if the answer is , not much , well , that 's not good . 
  no , no . 
  the original crown that goes with the iron throne is gold . 
  the crown of the iron islands is driftwood and the crown of the north is iron . 
  because you have to cater to one country , the trade partner , from a possition of weakness . 
  china was eager to make a deal with russia after the embargo . 
  their first offer was a huge deal for natural gas , 50 % off . 
  they setteled at 40 % off . 
  when the eu makes deal as a whole , the eu gets to be picky because the trading partner wants access to the market . 
  they want the access more than the eu wants whatever they have to offer and in negotiations , the primadona countries are an asset as negotiators can use them as further leverage . 
  `` if we do n't get x portugal is saying no , no mater what , so you can give us x or we forget about the whole thing . '', 
  on the flip side , access to the uk market is n't quite as pressing an issue . 
  in addition to being far smaller , and well saturated . 
  what this means is that the uk generally wants a deal more than the other party , so it has to give more for less . 
  in general , countries that expect to have a trade surplus with the uk will be eager to make a deal . 
  you do n't need to work hard to get someone to sell you something . 
  the tricky bit is selling your stuff to them . 
  better selection . 
  probably could have become a leet hacker software pirate and ordered it from amazon , but i found out you could bribe austrian shops by giving the person at the counter money , and if you give them enough , they let you take whatever you want . 
  could n't pass that up . 
  nonsense . 
  you 're already commenting , but you have nothing of worth to add so you try to generally discredit the argument , hoping no one asks you for specifics . 
  when ? 
  why are n't people on the streets now ? 
  at what point are people planning to get pissed ? 
  yes , 10 % of 17 million is 1.7 million . 
  getting 1.7 million people to do something is hard , especially when there 's no one to rally around and doubly so when the official word is `` of course , as soon as we 're ready . '', 
  every day that goes by , people will care less and less . 
  sure , an outright refusal might have consequences , but i see no indication anyone cares about perpetual delays . 
  so she wo n't do anything proactive , but she does n't have to . 
  stall until the next election . 
  it 's really not hard given that there 's no one in the uk pushing for a quick exit . 
  find a crisis that `` must take priority '' . 
  wait until a general election where someone else runs on a platform of not invoking article 50 . 
  they win .
