  it covers her ass . 
  she 's basically forcing detractors to ether demand she go against the public will or to admit they were wrong and she never should have listened to them originally . 
  by never giving the plan structure , by choosing the bluntest possible instrument to do the job , by constantly reminding everyone that they 're not following through on policy , they 're just doing what they were told by the voters , they make sure they never take ownership or responsibility . 
  if it goes right , fantastic , they lead the country through difficult times . 
  if it goes wrong , claim moral victory and tell the people to blame their leave voting friends and family for losing them their job . 
  which you kind of have to be to strem it on facebook . 
  that and an incredible moron . 
  some people may find this trend of publicizing your crime on social media to be disturbing , but i for one fully support it . 
  makes getting a conviction much , much easier . 
  and if you were doing any of that , you may have a point . 
  you 're not . 
  your countrymen also do n't seem to share your opinion . 
  you do understand that people work making stuff that 's not cheap right ? 
  the jobs would be lost in ares where the british make a better or cheaper product than it 's american counterpart . 
  then again , trump is n't exactly strong at home . 
  selling out americans , having them lose their jobs just to give the british a better deal goes directly against one of his key messages . 
  he basically needs to start running for 2020 right now and that means jobs , wall , more jobs , great , cheap healthcare , jobs . 
  he has to solve an imaginary crisis , which seems easy , but what it means in practical terms is that he needs to take an economic situation that already pretty good and make it fantastic or more likely , make a bunch of showy stunts that demonstrate how much better the us is becoming . 
  spending political capital on a big foreign agenda does n't seem likely . 
  may specifically ruled out a deal like the one norway and switzerland has so no , that 's not really an option . 
  when a principal reason leave voters give is immigration and then clarify that yes , they do understand that the uk had control of immigration from outside the eu , it 's really hard not to take it personally . 
  `` oh , we do n't hate you , we just think you comming here is a blight on our country and are willing to risk our economic well-being to make sure you do n't . '', 
  is not how you politely disagree with the political direction of an organization . 
  if you do n't have a contmpt for the people of europe , you 're doing a piss poor job of showing it . 
  fuck that . 
  the uk is an enemy you just love to hate . 
  perfect focus for european hatered . 
  ideal means to achieve unity . 
  other countries would have to start a war to get as much of a rise of people as britain does . 
  it really does n't . 
  case in point , during ww1 practically every single male of fighting age , as well as some older and younger , were both armed and organized . 
  they still obeyed orders given by men they disliked to walk in to a maelstrom of steel and explosives , knowing it was near certain death at the hand of an enemy they did n't particularly dislike . 
  they were the military . 
  the people were the strong arm of the state . 
  if they turned on their governments , governments that were sending them to die while starving their families , there was no one there to stop them , and yet most found it easier to just obey . 
  having an armed population is n't helpful . 
  not only is the difference in firepower far to substantial ( see the south during the us civil war , a civil war that 's about as even as you can make it ) but you have to expect that a large segment of the population will inevitably be on the side of the government . 
  the only thing fighting will get you is killed . 
  actually worse still , it will justify the use of brute force in the minds of a lot of people . 
  the romantic notion of fighting for a hopeless cause is a dirty fiction . 
  you are always far better off playing along and trying to organize support for a faction in the government that 's powerful but not in power . 
  internal division withing the government and military or intervention from foreign powers are the only ways you can successfully depose a tyrannical leader or leaders . 
  yes , anal cyst is two words . 
  the space there is important because some people do n't know who he is and might misread it as something else . 
  true . 
  but those many tend to live outside of the 26 countries in question . 
  that 's the issue . 
  both greece and turkey are in nato . 
  usually it 's cut and dry . 
  nato vs anyone else , but if turkey and greece go to war and turkey can fabricate a credible claim that says greece started it , now you have a problem . 
  nato is already in trouble as an organization . 
  the sheer political clusterfuck involved would guarantee no intervention any time soon . 
  just think about it . 
  turkey is n't in nato for no reason . 
  if everyone sides against them , they fall firmly in to the russian and pan islamic camp . 
  no one would ever consider going to war against greece , but the most popular option would be to do nothing at least for a while . 
  after 6 months to a year , if the war is still going on , then nato steps in and forces through a peace or at least a permanent cease fire . 
  if the turks manage a quick victory and decide to take some territory getting it back would be difficult . 
  correct . 
  france and germany can decide what the topic of discussion is . 
  they get to dictate the conversation , but have far less influence in how that conversation turns out than most people think . 
  here , the uk already decided what we 're talking about and while germany or france could nudge undecided countries or could offer incentives to potentially hostile ones , they are n't really on board them selves . 
  the uk might be able to convince them to accept a deal , but getting them to lobby for it is not realistic . 
  they have , but that 's a lesser issue . 
  the world economies are the us , the eu , china and everyone else . 
  it 's not the ranking that 's important so much as the gap between the heavy weights and the rest . 
  there 's also the fact that the uk is a developed , saturated market . 
  this means the population already has basically everything . 
  there 's no huge untapped market to tap in to . 
  all the stuff you can sell in the uk is being sold in the uk and people already have preferences . 
  the british driver already prefers ford over any other brand ( all be it ford europe ) and opening the british car market up to china wo n't exactly generate a massive number of sales . 
  india , in spite of being much poorer , is far more interesting because there are quite literally hundreds of millions of people who still do n't have a preferred brand of car , phone , tooth paste of chicken soup . 
  the untapped potential is absolutely massive , making deal with india very interesting , especially considering that they tend to be competitive in areas dominated by china , rather than the us or europe , pushing out foreign products rather than domestic ones . 
  the uk offers little in terms of future potential while very directly stepping on some very big toes , most prominently banking . 
  now , does this mean people do n't want a trade deal ? 
  of course not . 
  everyone wants to have the best possible conditions on every market . 
  what it does mean is that there are limits as to what anyone would be willing to offer in return . 
  the uk will have no problems lowering trade barriers and reducing regulations in areas where it 's partners are strong and the uk is n't . 
  the opposite however , that will take some doing . 
  germany only get 's one 27th of a say though . 
  most of the eu has very little trade with the uk . 
  yes , the uk could convince germany of the economic merits of having a comprehensive trade deal without much effort . 
  but then it has to do the same another 26 times with the argument having progressively less merit . 
  add the fact that germany has quite the reputation of sticking to principal over raw economics and you have a problem . 
  i believe this blindness to the rest of europe is giving people in britain far too much confidence in their position . 
  most countries already do n't need to care about the uk , but this attitude of `` it 's really all just germany '' wants the rest of us to demonstrate just how wrong that perception is . 
  that 's where you get the potential for a bloodbath . 
  it 's doing the equivalent of calling americans filthy savages and puppets of new york banking interests , specifying how much they detest people from the south , all while trying to get a deal . 
  it 's traditionally a good idea not to piss of the majority of people you need to convince before the talks even begin . 
  it actually goes even deeper than that . 
  greece the country is having money issues , but in a normal country , that should have such a profound effect on so many people . 
  the private sector should be largely unaffected by a government debt crisis , unless of course the government was propping up the private sector as well as employing so many people directly that layoffs and pay cuts for government employees cascaded out and hit every other sector . 
  basically , greece was doing what yugoslavia did while tito was alive . 
  it 's economy was fantastic ... because the government was getting free money and rather than investing it in order to create a competitive economy , they spent it to keep people employed and happy . 
  problem was , when the old man kicked the bucket , the free money stopped . 
  when the government could n't pay the people because the state was n't making nearly enough , the whole thing started falling down . 
  the worst part is that this system ends up corrupting the people . 
  not just the people in charge . 
  everyone .
