  hitler came in to power legally . 
  dictators and presidents like freedom fighters and terrorists are largely a matter of perspective . 
  it does n't matter one bit if you and people around you decided trump was a dictator . 
  southerners decided the same thing about honest abe . 
  he still had support . 
  adolf , who quite objectively was a dictator managed to convince people he was a leader , the leader germany needed . 
  people tried to assassinate him 42 times . 
  people tried to assassinate castro more times than that . 
  they did n't need to try more than once with lincoln . 
  dictators are notoriously hard to kill and harder to expose . 
  trump was n't lying when he said he could shoot someone in the middle of the street and his supporters would back him . 
  that 's a third of americans at least that would stick by him no matter what . 
  i can basically guarantee you wo n't get that much support for any violent move against him . 
  and ? 
  who cares . 
  maybe the resault is different . 
  maybe it 's exactly the same but it 's the actual result , not this farce . 
  maybe clinton loses a popular election but there are decent odds she does n't and the net resalt is that the electoral collage system still cost her the win by keeping clinton voters home . 
  i 'm impressed by the fact that the british people are willing to vote third party . 
  the system is horribly unfair towards them to the point were ukip got exactly 1 seat in the house of commons for 10 % of the vote , while the tories got a bit more than 320 with around 37 % . 
  even though the system encourages voting for ether labor or the conservatives exclusively , they still insist on being heard and voting for a party they like , rather than against one they do n't . 
  i have to respect that . 
  that 's clinton , but it 's also silvio after going in to politics and it 's going to be trump in a year or to as well . 
  tell me , how often do irish elected officials win by negative 0.2 % of the vote ? 
  never , because you need to win the vote to win the election ? 
  he objectively only won because of the electoral collage . 
  without it the race would still be on and clinton would be winning by a little instead of losing by a lot . 
  yes , but . 
  congressional districts get redrawn specifically to keep the party that 's in power , in power without contest and they do so openly and people do n't care . 
  two presidents get elected while losing the popular vote in the last 16 years and people do n't care . 
  the congressional majority openly stated that their main goal is sabotaging the executive and no one cared . 
  the senate blocked the president from appointing a supreme court justice even after offering a candidate that they said they would accept . 
  there is a us run prison on cuba that 's quite litteraly outside the law , that the current president promised to shut down during two elections . 
  the us election system is designed to activity prevent any party other than the two in power from getting in to office . 
  the presidential debate system is built to double down on this by robbing third party candidates of even getting their message out and stropping them of any legitimacy . 
  no one cares about any of that . 
  what people do care about is congress . 
  that is to say , they hate congress . 
  they hate congress more than colonials hated king george . 
  from where i stand it looks a lot like most americans would be perfectly happy with a dictator so long as they were given the option to vote for someone to throw a pie in his face every 4 years . 
  americans like the idea of republican institutions but have no need to keep them running the way they 're supposed to . 
  a perception of a functioning system is enough . 
  that 's what the south thought . 
  turns out guns do n't mean shit when the other side has more and the confederacy actually had a decent military with some world class leadership and it still did n't mean shit because quantity has a quality of it 's own . 
  not quite . 
  it 's not like anyone changed the system over night . 
  everyone knows how the electoral collage works , the republicans just so happen to be better positioned to exploit it . 
  now the congressional races , those are as rigged as it get 's do to districts getting openly redrawn for the clear goal of giving one party an advantage . 
  cnn headline from 3 hours ago says clinton is projected to win the popular vote . 
  http://edition.cnn.com/2016/11/09/politics/donald-trump-hillary-clinton-popular-vote/ trump won the election , that 's not in dispute . 
  americans however , voted for clinton . 
  i 'm not wining because trump won . 
  i do n't care . 
  what i do care about is people spewing nonsense as to why he won . 
  he won because of the electoral collage . 
  he could be down 10 million votes and still have the win in the bag by a large margin . 
  both candidates exemplified the very worst of each party . 
  brainless populism vs hollow , passionless corruption . 
  everyone is a loser . 
  however , just by glancing at the way people talk , you quickly see that winning the vote and winning the election has essentially become synonymous and people everywhere are starting arguments with `` clinton lost the vote '' or `` people did n't vote for clinton '' followed by this or that nonsense . 
  sure . 
  maybe after the absentee ballots are counted it turns out it actually was trump , but from the data we have now , she won the popular vote and the only , the only reason she is n't president is because of the dumbest election system on the planet . 
  i 'm not even exaggerating . 
  the corrupt systems designed to give people a vote without a choice are doing their job as intended . 
  actual good systems are working fine , but the us system is just so very , very shit that it 's practically an insult to the intelligence of every person who hears about it . 
  it would actually be more reasonable for it to be a long running , well hidden practical joke on the rest of the world than an actual system of electing the chief executive . 
  i has basically no effect on my life and yet it 's very existence is so wrong it infuriates me on a level comparable of hearing about someone putting puppies in a bag and throwing them off a bridge . 
  it 's not rational , but i do n't care . 
  it 's a monument to human stupidity and will keep me warm with rage until ether i or it dies . 
  the last part is certainly true . 
  if nothing else , it 's quite impressive how well small parties can mobilize support when the system is so badly stacked against them . 
  i do not like ukip , but getting a single seat for 10 % of the vote is a slap in the face . 
  i understand that the system is n't built to be representative and that the british people voted down reform , but it just screams of people being marginalized and getting pissed . 
  how strong can a government with barely more than a third of the vote be . 
  i can basically guarantee that reguardless of how the tories handle brexit , a majority of the british public will say the screwed it up , betrayed the people , ruined the country ect . 
  that 's not a good place to be in . 
  it creates internal division and analysis paralysis as they try and figure out how to piss of the smallest amount of people . 
  it leads to the creation of scapegoats and external enemies in order to deflect blame . 
  governing without a popular mandate is difficult to say the least . 
  because it 's a representative body . 
  maltese representatives are elected proportionately and then they join the larger european parties in proportion . 
  you ca n't have exact representation in any reasonably sized legislative body . 
  compare this to electing the chief executive . 
  it 's a single person . 
  there 's no reason not to use one person , one vote majority wins . 
  instead you use one person , one vote , one state multiple votes equal to the combination of senate and congressional seats , only state votes count , a plurality in a state means that every single vote goes to the plurality . 
  for no reason , hey made a system that allows the loser of the vote to win the election , potentially by a huge margin . 
  they killed any chance a third party has of of competing by making it actively bad to vote for them since they 're only helping the candidate that they dislike more . 
  they marginalized every voter in a non swing state as well as most voters in small swing states . 
  so no . 
  we 're not even in the same universe . 
  the eu parlament is a fine system . 
  the british parliament is broken beyond repair because they use a similar system for those elections as they do for electing a president which caused the conservative to get a majority of the seats , 329 , by it self , with 37 % of the vote and the liberal democrats getting 7 % of the vote and 8 seats , while ukip got 10 % and 1 seat . 
  that 's right under a system that 's basically the forebear to the us electoral collage , a party can have 3.7 x the votes and 329x the seats . 
  why am i mentioning the uk legislative ? 
  because they 're the only reason why the us legislative system looks remotely functional . 
  to be fair , 75 % of it is perfectly fine . 
  it 's still plurality wins but outside candidates at least have a shoot . 
  and then we get in to the districts . 
  who exactly thought it was a good idea to let the state governments redraw the districts ?
