  of course , they can still negotiate , but at that point the uk is just another foreign nation making a deal . 
  now you might ask , why is this relevant , what 's the difference ? 
  the difference is that after the 2 years have passed , any deal needs a unanimous vote to pass . 
  any country can block any deal for any or no reason which means it 's in everyone 's interest to heed that deadline . 
  luxembourg is taking money out of your pocket . 
  they contribute quite a bit , but the bank assets in luksemburg are over 1600 % of their gdp and they were 3000 % of their gdp before the recession . 
  that money , more than likely some of it came directly from you and almost certainly should have been taxed in your country . 
  if hungary freeloaded for the next 1000 years , they still would n't be worth mentioning in the same sentenca and that 's not even considering that when the next big attack happens in europe , odds are the terrorists funding came through luxembourg , because , fun fact , if you were to discover and reveal those funds , you 're breaking a law , a criminal one no less , that carries quite a bit of jail time . 
  the real joke here is that this is coming from luxembourg , one of the principal tax havens on the planet . 
  former home to the world 's most corrupt bank , shut down because it was involved in the slave trade , the nuclear arms trade , the drug trade and 50 different kinds of money laundering and tax fraud . 
  naturally , they did nothing to shut it down them selves and are still involved with some of this planets biggest monsters . 
  when kim jong il decided his money was n't safe in switzerland , he sent it to luxembourg . 
  luxembourg is currently trying to become the islamic banking capital of the world . 
  i 'm willing to bet any sum that the cash used to buy isis equipment , propaganda and training at one point went through luxembourg , but ask the average person about the country and everyone thinks they 're little angels . 
  obviously this has nothing to do with the average citizen , but the foreign minister can go fuck him self . 
  i 'm genuinely unsure if this is a conscience deeply riddled with guilt talking , or if it 's a way to loudly tell the saudis that he 's their guy , so please send your money to luxembourg . 
  no , they 're just helping the people helping the rich evade taxes or they 're profiting off them . 
  the city does not attract money by being transparent and ethical . 
  works is a relative term . 
  helping the rich evade taxes and the ctminals to pay them while skimming of the top is time consuming and it 's an activity , but i find it hard to call it work , much like i would find it hard to call robbing a store work . 
  doubtful . 
  the uk was the eu 's no 1 supporter of the ttip . 
  it was already a tough sell and became tougher still . 
  the us really wants it to happen and the eu does n't so they 're the ones who have to sweeten the pot , which leaves them little room to negotiate for stuff that others want . 
  allegedly . 
  there 's basically no difference between pakistan and afghanistan in the border region and everyone familiar with the area knew that . 
  people move between the two all the time making the invasion absurd on it 's face . 
  a special forces team might have caught bin laden in afghanistan , but an army coming in basically guaranteed he would just pack his things and move a few miles away in to perfect safety . 
  because here , he 's untouchable . 
  no one is sending him to prison for rape . 
  however , back at home , and admission of having consensual sex might be a problem . 
  the religious fanatics do n't care how rich you are , so you constantly keep up the pretext of bein a devout muslim . 
  any excuise other than having choosing to have sex is ok . hell , he could probably get away with saying that he was seduced and could n't control him self , but had to lie at court because `` the westerners just do n't understand that it 's the womans fault . '', 
  and the guy who planned it , and his second in command and all the people who financed it , but they were in pakistan so the army had to invade afghanistan and iraq . 
  we have national armies is an assertion . 
  we have national guys with guns and uniforms , but weather of not those are actual armies is unclear . 
  in the case of say , a russian invasion , if we were to assume every country has a fully functioning army , the proper way for poland to mount a defense is to find a defensible line and hold it at all costs . 
  you do not want the front line to be in the middle of your country . 
  however , can poland truly trust that the rest of europe would mobilize in anything close to the required time to help . 
  let 's ignore the us for a moment because while they 're the principal deterrent to war with russia now , they might decide to look inwards at any time for any reason and ca n't be counted on in perpetuity . 
  if europe ca n't come and help , you need a different strategy , because holding a line against a vastly more numerous foe is a death sentence , and after breaching the line , it takes a modern army no more than a day or two to cross all of poland and arrive at the german border where there is likely to be little in terms of fixed defensive positions , because you thought you were going to be fighting in poland , not in germany . 
  if nothing else , we should at the very least have a joint air force since establishing air superiority immediately is critical , but having a common army is ultimately what 's required to safeguard europe . 
  countries that feel safe will inevitably drag their feet , cut corners and basically be useless in a fight . 
  using the same equipment , under a common command structure you have a proper army . 
  what we have right now is maybe 3-5 proper armies and 20ish ceremonial institutions that put civilians in uniforms . 
  exactly this . 
  you do n't look like me ? 
  do n't care . 
  you constantly act in ways that i find objectionable ? 
  now i care . 
  europe is for europeans and being european is a state of mind . 
  people who share that state of mind have been coming here for a long time , but now we 've open the floodgates and let in the very people secularists , homosexuals , non muslims , progressive women and other marginalized groups from muslim were trying to escape . 
  i already told the story about my friend from bosnia who became a nurse in germany , but went back home after her neighborhood went to shit and she started getting constant verbal abuse from unemployed foreign assholes who wanted to explain why her being a whore was unacceptable to them . 
  now she 's back and i get to hear a bit of bosnian daily gossip and it 's seemingly all about the saudis . 
  they 're sending huge sums of money , but it comes with their own personal brand of hate and a sense of snobbish superiority over the locals . 
  the migrants are going to bring that in to europe as well . 
  they 're the poor , downtrodden mask behind witch hides the wannabe rulers of the world by means of cultural domination and constant low level violence . 
  property can be gotten for cheap , and potentially even for free depending on where they would build the plant as the jobs would incentivise government aid and the handing over of unused government property . 
  supply lines are trivially easy to reroute , especially if the parts and materials are n't coming from the uk , assembly line workers are by design replaceable , and if they build their plant close to existing or former auto or vehicle factories , a trained workforce already exists . 
  new plants are certainly nice , but so is cheap labor . 
  if they went to say , poland , they could likely get existing factory floors for free from the polish government and get workers with years of experience working with cars . 
  poland already has 130,000 auto workers and makes close to a million cars a year . 
  the czech republic makes more and while it 's workers are a bit more expensive , most of them are exceptionally good at their job , comparable even to german auto workers . 
  romania is the cheapest of the bunch , but has a surprising amount of talent that 's getting noticeably better each year . 
  that 's before we even go in to the options you get if you 're willing to spend more and go to where the big players are , germany , italy and france . 
  you are grossly overestimating how hard it is to move your whole operation overseas . 
  the textbook example is the soviet union moving their entire industrial base over a thousand kilometers deeper inland , in a matter of months , using rail rather than ships and while being at war . 
  a more recent example is the exodus of us manufacturing to mexico after nafta and to china . 
  you can also look at factories who 's companies suffered bankruptcy . 
  you can see locusts looking as the plants are disassembled and taking notes . 
  a factory assembly line is modular . 
  parts are standardized and used in every line a company has . 
  this is so that you both benefit from economies of scale , but also because you can replace any part , any machine , any single line , or every single line with minimal disruption to production . 
  as far as workers go , the auto industry was the first to create the system that all but eliminated the need for skilled labor . 
  before fords assembly line , you needed multiple highly experienced engineers working on one car at a time , or one major car part at a time . 
  ford 's assembly line took every part of the car making process and divided it down in to simple , easy to learn , easy to repeat actions for the precise purpose of taking the jobs away from highly skilled laborers and giving it to basically anyone willing to do the job . 
  this removed the bottleneck of needing a massive amount of highly skilled labor , but also meant that by design , every line worker was easy to replace . 
  it 's not a gun so much as bluntly explaining their position . 
  they ran the numbers and in no uncertain terms came to the conclusion that anything short of basically staying a de facto member of the eu means they have no choice but to leave . 
  it 's like a tenant telling a landlord that if the rent goes up , they 're going to stop renting . 
  there 's no threat here , just a simple statement of an economic reality . 
  i would n't overestimate the costs . 
  you do n't have to build a plant from scratch . 
  when outsourcing happened from the us to mexico and china , they used existing factories and infrastructure and they merely had to transport the existing equipment from one factory to another . 
  moving a factory is far , far cheaper than building a new one . 
  while it was an extreme example , stalin managed to move his entire industrial base in mere months while being chased by the wehrmacht . 
  modern factories are n't all that different and are surprisingly easy to move . 
  it 's not something you want to do , but if it cost billions , there would n't have been anywhere near as much industry leaving the states . 
  this is in spite of being told point blank that this is precisely because their decision made staying in the uk non viable . 
  it 's absurd when you think about it . 
  the first question anyone should have asked is : `` do our products get sold in the eu ? '', 
  if they do , especially if that 's where a large percentage of goods is going , the fundamental equation of why a plant is where it is , suddenly changes . 
  someone sold them a bag of goods and told them they were special and irreplaceable . 
  workers in a car factory , the first industry to do away with irreplaceable workers by dividing every task in to jobs basically anyone could do . 
  factory workers though are replaceable by design . 
  that 's the whole basis of assembly line . 
  you take a complex job that at one point would have required a master craftsman and divide it in to 5 , 10 , 50 smaller tasks , easy to learn , easy to repeat and given to unskilled workers who can suddenly replace decades of experience within hours or learning a few simple motions . 
  it 's brilliant as it allows for economies of scale that were impossible to achieve do to a lack of skilled labor , but it essentially turns every worker in to a simple part of a very large machine . 
  not only is every worker replaceable , they all have multiple replacements on other shifts and even on the same shift . 
  people doing the exact job day are , day in , day out .
