  de gaule was overruled , the uk was let in , the eu bent over backwards to make special accommodations to try and make it work and why did the uk end up leaving ? 
  because you could n't tolerate living under the same rules and systems as every other eu member even after you got your exceptions . 
  the uk 's idea of being in the eu is basically having nothing to do with the eu , except you get to sell goods and services to europe without any restrictions rules or regulations . 
  it 's written as a bait and switch . 
  it starts with the cute little girl that just wants to go to school and it ends with the cute little girl being nervous about being accepted . 
  how could anyone be so mean as to not let her go to school ? 
  then in the middle you have a piece about a town getting a 20 % increase in population , having to carry a tenth of the whole countries bounder of migrants , simply being scared that people who do n't have to accommodate anyone , who 's kids are almost certainly attending expensive private schools are telling them that the burden is on them . 
  i 'm sorry , but that simply is n't a reasonable request . 
  you need a much , much bigger community to have any chance of taking in that many people , especially when they basically need to start from scratch . 
  this is a fuck up on the political level and now when everything inevitably goes to hell , because of course it will , it wo n't be the fault of poor policy making or bad decisions . 
  no , no . 
  it 's the evil townspeople who were mean to a little girl . 
  the whole piece is about as emotionally manipulative as it get 's and it pisses me off . 
  of course the kids need to go to school , but you ca n't just send them to a regular greek school . 
  they need teachers who know their languages , who can actually work with them . 
  after that you distribute them to 10 or 50 or 100 different schools so that the regular teachers do n't get overwhelmed . 
  but sure , let 's not discuss an actual issue , let 's focus on how mean some scared , overwhelmed people are because this narrative needs a bad guy . 
  it ca n't . 
  people use it that way sometimes , but it 's simply incorrect . 
  using it in such a way here is especially disingenuous since we 're talking about syrians vs non syrians and non syrians are the clear majority . 
  it 's not activist . 
  it 's literally doing it 's principal job . 
  making sure countries do n't abuse the single market . 
  apple lobbied ireland to let them cheat on their taxes in 27 other countries and had they just stuck to paying the specific tax rate available to any country in europe that decided to open a branch in ireland , that would be fine . 
  perfectly legal tax avoidance . 
  i 'm not confusing the two . 
  i just wrote a 40 page paper on tax havens and tax evasion and the difference was clear . 
  tax avoidance is legal . 
  giving a company special privileges not available to all companies is not legal . 
  the irish tax man knew it was n't legal . 
  the apple legal team knew it was n't legal , but they thought , very incorrectly , that because ireland had their back , they were untouchable . 
  here 's the thing though . 
  the eu , an economic union . 
  the money in question , mostly not irish money . 
  `` if the product you 're selling is access to the eu market you have to make it available to all eu corporations under the exact same terms . '', 
  that 's not exactly a footnote . 
  it 's the damn headline . 
  no special privileges for domestic companies , no special privileges for foreign companies , no special privileges for anyone and 13 billion dollars sounds like a really big special privilege . 
  next time apple might bother asking the people actually in charge of the money they 're not paying taxes on ... or , they could ask me . 
  i 'll tell them they can pay half what they payed in ireland and all they have to do is register in my house since it 's basically what they did here . 
  except when it does n't . 
  it intervened back in 2009 . but did nothing to stop tax haven legislation passed before that . 
  it let 's the city of london corporation own and operate huge portions of the territories , but because it 's technically it 's own jurisdiction , they too can do whatever they want while being a stone throw away from westminster . 
  no they did not . 
  they were doing the double irish , which is a classic tax evasion scheme . 
  they knew it was illegal , ireland knew it was illegal . 
  they do n't want the money because they want the companies to pick them for their hq and the money mostly came from the rest of europe anyway . 
  that 's why ireland does n't get a say . 
  they are n't allowed to simply let all the profits a company made in the eu get transferred to the cayman 's and taxed at a rate of essentially zero . 
  anyone trying to sell the fiction that innocent little apple thought that funneling money to a puppet offshore company was n't illegal is lying through their teeth . 
  `` oh , we did n't know that when doing business in the eu we had to follow eu law . '', 
  sure . 
  given that the eu is the party the uk is negotiating with , that 's the only opinion that counts . 
  more to the point , the reason movement is intrinsic to a single market is because stopping movement is stopping the sale of human labor , which is in most ways , a commodity like any other . 
  if the only thing one person has to offer is their work , than in a single market they should have the right to sell that work anywhere they choose , in the same way the person selling goods or services can . 
  the irish tax man broke eu laws . 
  apple knew the irish tax man broke eu laws because registering two companies in ireland but having one of them have it 's hq in the caymans is n't something you do unless you 're doing tax evasion . 
  cut the crap . 
  everyone knew exactly what they were doing . 
  the only thing they did n't expect was getting caught . 
  because to join the single market they need 27 votes . 
  half or more of eu members have little to no trade with the uk but have a lot of citizens living or working there . 
  they are n't voting for any deal that excludes free movement so that proposal is dead on arival . 
  you should have done a50 in the last two months but it seems every half way competent negotiator wo n't touch the british camp with a 10 foot pole . 
  it 's tax evasion . 
  they broke the law . 
  the only questinable thing here was why they were n't slapped with fines , apple and ireland both . 
  no one is going to think twice about doing business here . 
  you only get taxed on profits so even if the tax rate is high not doing business is still the most expensive option . 
  hell , corporations do business in china and that 's in spite of rampant espionage , trademark infringement and the training of their own future competitors because ultimatly , the risk is worth it . 
  to claim that anyone would stop doing business because they might have to pay evaded taxes if cought is silly . 
  what questionable ground ? 
  they 're appealing because they do n't want to pay and ireland wants to keep their business and now it 's what innocent until they admit it ? 
  the uk used it 's veto power 7 years ago and it was n't controversial at all . 
  using it to stop law that enable tax evasion would be trivial , but they do n't do it , because they fully support them . 
  i 'm not a court . 
  innocent until proven guilty does n't really apply . 
  these corporations were accused back in jan-march , but convictions have already come down against some , most prominently apple . 
  also worth pointing out , switzerland did no such thing . 
  they 're currently employing something called the zebra tactic . 
  white money from developed rich countries , black money from poorer countries , including those willing to funnel the money of giant corporations . 
  http://www.financialsecrecyindex.com/pdf/switzerland.pdf the uk has full veto power over all it 's oversees territories and has used it as late as 2009 . in the islands of turn and caicos so that 's utter nonsense . 
  crown dependencies such as jersey have even gone so far as to call them selves extensions of london . 
  https://www.irs.gov/uac/examples-of-corporate-fraud-investigations-fiscal-year-2016 here are some examples from the irs here 's the big 7 in hot water right now http://fortune.com/2016/03/11/apple-google-taxes-eu/ name a big international corporation and i 'll look up what they were charged with . 
  if i ca n't , i 'll shut up and concede the point imeditly . 
  the panama papers are a flash in the pan . 
  before that you had the luxembourg leaks that were a big story for all of 5 minutes with promises of reforms that lead to more security for the evader and criminal charges for the leakers . 
  until someone goes after switzerland and the city of london and it 's web of overseas territories and crown dependencies nothing will happen because the facts you want , they 're more closely guarded than state secrets . 
  there 's a huge benefit . 
  it 's called a double registry . 
  you register two corporations in london . 
  one has a london hq , the other has a cayman hq . 
  the london hq does all your business for the uk and europe , the cayman hq holds all the licences and charges enough for them to get the london hq 's profits down to zero . 
  since the cayman hq technically did n't make any money in the uk , under uk law they have to pay no taxes in the uk . 
  all the profits are then taxed in the cayman 's at a rate of close to nothing and because the company is registered in london , it can be sent back , no questions asked . 
  the uk parliament has a veto power over any legislation made by the overseas territories which was last evoked in 2009 . against the islands of turk and caicos , where as no action was taken to hinder legislation made to protect tax evasion and money laundering in other territories . 
  while everyone does tax avoidance , every major corporation has been caught doing tax evasion as well . 
  additionally , while some tax avoidance methods are by definition legal , spending millions to lobby for ways to save billions is sketchy at best . 
  you can point out that lobbying is also legal , however i have issues with that stance when the people who determined it 's not bribery are the one taking the bribes . 
  they already are .
