  well we wo n't have it . 
  take them all in , every last one . 
  save the world , well throw a party in your collective honor , declare you paragons of the human race . 
  we will not , however , be shamed for not wanting the people you do n't want ether . 
  cool . 
  point still stands . 
  the fact that europeans who left europe were accepted somewhere else creates no obligation on part of those of us who stayed behind . 
  also it 's not like the people in charge in the americas were what you would call indigenous . 
  we 'll take 'em . 
  we 'll trade you 5 of yours for 1 of ours and we 'll do it in a heartbeat . 
  and the rest of us did n't . 
  let them pay it foreward . 
  we 're the ones who stuck it out through war and poverty and everything else . 
  the former eastern block is in the same boat as east germany and while some countries are more progressive , we 're generally moving up , while the radical right is on the rise in western and northern europe . 
  it 's also worth pointing out , the issue with refuges really is n't ours . 
  we are n't the ones trying to get rid of them after all , not are we the reason they picked europe as their destination . 
  there really are n't fundamental differences in ideology . 
  germany wants fewer refuges and so does every other country in the eu . 
  the differences are that of policy . 
  western nations like the idea of helping , but not the reality . 
  refuges should come to europe and you 'll welcome them with open arms ... and then send them away . 
  if there 's one thing no eastern country expected , it was that the west would be handing us a refugee crisis . 
  our response is : `` fine , but we pick who we take in . '', 
  that way the refuges do n't feel like human trash being dumped out and we do n't feel like we 're being screwed over by getting the people you do n't want . 
  the west can afford to be humanitarian , we need to be practical . 
  we 're pulling our selves up and could use some helping hands , but are getting offered an anchor . 
  if it 's that important , then keep them . 
  they do n't want to be here , they do n't want our help . 
  they want yours . 
  you are n't asking us to help them , you 're asking is to help you . 
  you will , without a shadow of a doubt , carefully sift through every asylum seeker , keep the best of them and give us the rest . 
  we know this is what 's coming just like we know that when the rest inevitably come back to you , you 'll start demanding that we keep them here , or face sanctions . 
  you wo n't tell us to treat them like prisoners but you 'll want us to keep them out . 
  i 'm saying , we want nothing to do with your projects . 
  they are n't coming to us for help , they do n't want to be here and we do n't want them here , so we 're perfectly cool with them . 
  if you want to give them a better life , more power to you , but do n't pretend like sending them to our shithole instead of their own shithole is doing them any favours . 
  we ca n't employees , clothe , feed the people we have . 
  the average person here is poor , angry , xenophobic and willing to take their frustrations out on anyone they see as a threat . 
  you would be sending them here to suffer extreme want at best , to die at worst . 
  if you ca n't take them in , stop . 
  you are n't helping them , you 're just hurting us with this nonsense . 
  but you do . 
  they come to you and then you have to decide who to keep . 
  a `` fair '' distribution will inevitability end up with you getting the people you like best , and kicking the rest out for us to pick up . 
  we both know that the ogh will never allow a lottery or other random system to determine peoples fate . 
  there are going to be criteria and those who do n't meet them will have to leave . 
  the only alternative and the only system anyone in the east can even begin to try and accept as fair , is if we get to hand pick and then invite the people we want . 
  any other system and you get refuges living where they do n't want to live with the host country wanting nothing to do with them . 
  the very second they get off the bus , they 'll start looking for a way to get back to germany or england or france , and no one here is going to do a thing to stop them . 
  hell , if it takes more than a week for traffickers and forgers to set up shop i 'd be shocked . 
  people need to feel wanted and need to want to go or else we 're just wasting money , shipping them from a to b and back to a. 
  on the part of e europe not doing it 's part . 
  we do n't get refuges . 
  they do n't want to live here . 
  we have more problems than we can solve as is to even begin thinking about volunteering to take in more . 
  the rest of europe may have colonial guilt syndrome , but we do n't . 
  you do n't want refuges , ca n't handle the numbers , send them back . 
  we do n't want them and more importantly , they do n't want us . 
  you do n't get to be humanitarians and let these people in to europe and then dump them on to the rest of us , against the will of everyone involved . 
  refuges are coming to europe because of you . 
  refuges get to stay , because you say so . 
  africa , the middle east and se asia are the places they are because of you . 
  if you ca n't handle more refuges do n't take them in . 
  we will not be a dumbing ground , much less a prison camp for the unwanted masses you invited to come . 
  2 reasons . 
  one , the do n't want to be here , so you have to kick them out . 
  two . 
  who 's going to get kicked out ? 
  the already westernised , well adjusted professionals ? 
  we 'll get the dregs . 
  muslim fanatics , uneducated and unemployable drains on our very limited resources . 
  we 'll take in people , but only if we get to pick them . 
  we will not be a dumping ground . 
  we do n't need to ask our selves that . 
  we know exactly why they hate us . 
  they hate us because the saudi backed wahabist sect has opened and operated thousands of schools around the world that teach muslim supremacy and hating the west . 
  yes , part of the movement has to do with western intervention , but look at vietnam . 
  there 's a country that has every right to hate the us , but they do n't . 
  why ? 
  because they genuanly want to be left in peace . 
  they are , and now they have a generally positive attitude toward the us . 
  the wahabists want world domination . 
  this is their express mission statement . 
  if left alone , they try to expand . 
  through force where possible , through propaganda where they are weak . 
  they want to convert or kill every non sunni in the middle east . 
  they hate shia muslims as much if not more than anyone except israel , which is why they 're currently fighting against iran . 
  they hate the kurds , despite them being muslim , native to the region and having done nothing to harm them . 
  let me make this clear , giving these people their sudetenland will not make them stop . 
  like hell they do n't . 
  they fucking joke about how cheap a slave wife is there . 
  they 're exited to kill infidels . 
  they are horrible people who just so happened to run in to even bigger assholes and ended up finding out they were `` man enough '' to kill people who did n't fight back , but a bit to soft to take on people who were also trying to kill them . 
  they deserve every rocket we can sent their way . 
  simply put , they have n't driven us to the point where were ready to stoop back to their level to handle the problem . 
  they have no friends of note . 
  if the eu and us decided to while out the whole region , the job would be done in a month . 
  poison the water and poison the air . 
  destroy every bit of infrastructure and have drones destroy every car or group of people they see . 
  yes , they can hide in the mountains and in caves , but that 's self imposed prison .
