  grabbing information in a huge net and then using countless manhours to wade through the noise and hope you find relevant information in time and it get 's recognized as such is a fools errant . 
  no , the issue with german and swedish policy is the very strong implication that once you 're in , you get to stay . 
  the impression is that of a new beginning and a new life , rather than that of a temporary refuge . 
  this naturally attracts opportunists and that 's how we get to where we are . 
  making it clear that this is just temporary aid solves the issue . 
  telling people exactly what they can expect and making sure they understand there is nothing here for them long term stops the crisis . 
  walls , fences and a huge navy would n't a tenth as much together as this simply change in policy . 
  however , as long as people see their friends and relatives settle down and even get to bring in their families , they 'll just keep coming . 
  no , i 'm firmly in the camp of kick out everyone not in desperate need of asylum camp , then distribute the rest , vetting them for a second time and making it clear that they 're getting repatriated the moment it becomes possible . 
  combine that with laws that draconicaly punish anyone knowingly employing illegal immigrants and you weed out the opportunists and suddenly bam , no more crisis . 
  yes , it 's necessary to point fingers . 
  when we do n't point fingers the conversation becomes one about how best to share the problem caused by germany and other pro immigration countries , rather than how to reverse course and make it clear to the countless numbers or people coming here that non refugees will be deported . 
  repeat offenders arrested . 
  those hiring illegal immigrants punished severely and asylum seekers repatriated once the war is over . 
  that 's the plan . 
  help those in need while they are in need , tell the rest to fuck off . 
  once that 's the baseline , then we can talk about quotas and sharing the burden . 
  because a common agreement that everyone get 's to vote on would see 90 % of everyone coming in deported . 
  the pro immigration countries want a common solution for a problem caused by their own policies . 
  policies that the rest of the eu had no say in . 
  no one is talking about sanctions . 
  something as simple as taxing financial transactions between the uk and europe at a rate that makes doing so uncommunicative would have a monumental impact . 
  london is the gateway to the most lucrative market in the world . 
  put a barrier , even a small one in the way , and paris or frankfurt take over . 
  if you assume i 'm talking about a doomsday scenario , you 're wrong . 
  populism and protectionism , that 's all it takes . 
  the free movement of goods and people is something that is n't currently in contention , but the movement of money , that 's the elephant in the room . 
  two major , failed , pointless wars that destabilized the middle east . 
  the systematic erosion of civil liberties and the concept of privacy in the name of fighting terrorism . 
  an economic crash overshadowed only by the great depression caused by well meaning but ultimately deeply flawed policies . 
  recovery measures that are little more than band aids kicking the problem down the road and making sure we 'll have another economic crisis every few years . 
  political and military support for rebellion in libya , egypt and syria that plunged those countries in to chaos . 
  the complete lack of any plan to handle the fallout of said chaos . 
  the ignoring of established protocols for handling refugees that created the perception that europe was open for everyone . 
  the lack of any plan to handle said refuges and the economic opportunists in their wake . 
  show me . 
  show me politicians acting in any way rationally . 
  making decisions that are n't shortsighted and driven by ideology . 
  the best interest of a politician is to get elected or reelected . 
  if purposely being tough on the uk does that , they will , consequences be damned . 
  again , past decade . 
  not wanting to do stupid stuff that ruins lives , destabilizes regions and sinks economies and actually not doing said things are very , very different things . 
  pay attention to what ? 
  politicians being cool and level headed and minimizing harm ? 
  have you been here for the last decade ? 
  we 're talking about politics here . 
  politics is us vs. them 90 % of the time and once you become `` them '' the economic cost of taking a firm stance is dwarfed by the political points gained . 
  add to that the fact that a lot of bankers in both paris and frankfurt would like to take as much business away from the city as they can and the fact that britain has no voice in the matter and things can go bad fast . 
  britain succeeding will be seen as europe failing by many and will certainly be a selling point for euro septic parties everywhere , so the political forces currently in power also have an interest in seeing you fail . 
  you 're thinking rationally , or should i say , you 're analyzing the situation rationally and assuming that others will too , rather than nationalism and self interest being the driving force behind most decisions . 
  britain leaving the eu would be a divorce . 
  sure , making it as polite , quick , uncomplicated and clan as possible is in everyone 's best interest ... but that 's not how it usually ends up going down , especially when the decision is unilateral . 
  not really . 
  it 's the social democrats that are making the strongest case for their immigration policy . 
  since their plan is to give them food , medical treatment and shelter for exactly as long as they want to stay , which is to say , basically no time at all , and them send them on their merry way , we really did n't have any issues . 
  you ca n't scare people with immigrants if they 're already here and just leave the next day . 
  the social democrats were on their way down for a good long time now . 
  they had a mandate for fundamental change and won an overwhelming victory last time , but the feeling was that it was all just business as usual . 
  that 's what ultimately cost them a majority and will likely cost them the election . 
  single barrel , single shoot shotguns are legal without a licence of any kind in austria which is why they 're so popular . 
  it 's not about stopping people from coming in . 
  it 's about making sure they know that if they do come , there 's nothing here for them . 
  no jobs , social security , accommodations , nothing . 
  employ illegal immigrants ? 
  5 years ail time with hard labor . 
  illegally immigrate ? 
  one year jail time with hard labor followed by deportation . 
  if we have that we do n't need fences or a huge navy . 
  seeing as they 're the ones keeping the price low that 's not really an issue . 
  they do this from time to time in order to get rid of emergent oil extraction start ups . 
  they can extract oil for less than anyone on the planet and have massive cash reserves . 
  they spend lavishly and still have 5 years before they would need to borrow or make cuts . 
  no other country on the planet has a rainy day fund close to that in size . 
  if you want to take an obligation upon your selves you can do so . 
  if you want everyone to discuss and come to a consensus we can do that . 
  if you want to put an obligation on to others go fuck your selves !, 
  stopping people from getting in really is n't the solution . 
  what we need to do is make it clear that for the people entering the eu illegally , there is nothing here . 
  no benefits , no job , no help , only a swift kick out the door or a trip to jail if they break any other laws or try to come in again . 
  this is n't an invading horde . 
  it 's desperate people on one hand , and opportunists on the other . 
  if word get 's out that every opportunist is getting sent back and that refugees get to stay , but only until the war is over and we combine that with working with turkey to provide accommodations as good as those in europe ( and make it clear that they can come , but this is as good as it get 's ) the flood of people should stop . 
  if there 's one headline i 'm somewhat certain i will not see in my lifetime it 's `` eastern europe turning in to scandinavia . '', 
  for better and for worse , that 's not happening any time soon . 
  as a very practical tip , you should consider moving to a smaller city ( not more than 100.000 in polulation ) that has a decent road or rail connection to a major city ( about 1h away ) it 's generally a better place to start a family , which does make it more boring , but still leaves you with the option of going out and or working in a major city . 
  the best part is that you can actually buy a decent place to live for a fraction of what it would cost in a big city or it 's suburbs . 
  you 're basically sacrificing public variety in terms of food , fun and culture , but are getting a much nice `` at home '' experience . 
  if that 's a trade off you can make , you should start looking . 
  the more time you have , the better the job and cheaper the home you find will be . 
  not true . 
  if they 're in open waters you ca n't really do shit towing and destroying a boat outside of your sovereign jurisdiction is an act of piracy or war . 
  once they get in to greek territorial waters it 's only 12 nautical miles to land . 
  greece has an incredibly long coastline and it 's absolutely impossible to cover all or even most of it . 
  not evil , stupid . 
  there 's nothing really stopping turkey from just sending all the refugees towards the eu and saying they will shoot at anyone trying to get back . 
  suddenly we 're stuck . 
  working with turkey should be the no 1 priority . 
  they 're the obvious safe haven and we need to help keep it that way . 
  after all , those are the people who could n't make the trip to europe , so it stands to reason they 're the ones who need help the most . 
  they wo n't be middle class .
