  arabs are really racist against non arabs . 
  the locals wo n't be targeted ( except for homosexuals and jews ) but iranians , turks , sub saharan africans , pakistanis , indians , se asians ect . 
  certainly will . 
  in the refugee vs migrant debate it 's oftain forgotten that reguardless of status they are not a monolithic group . 
  they are not in this together and would more than gladly through each other under the bus if given the chance . 
  not strange at all . 
  those were the first numbers i found but upon considering the fact i came to the conclusion that they were in fact irrelevant . 
  both nominal per capita and ppp tell you little about a countries capacity to take in refugees . 
  slovenia is above poland in per capita , but poland , being the far larger country with far more resources can handle more people . 
  but ultimately all of this misses the point . 
  greece is n't even an issue here . 
  they have n't been handling the crisis , they 're barely hanging on . 
  this mess was created by the west playing let 's draw random borders , then playing topple that dictator and finally playing everyone 's invited , except they 're not , but come first , we 'll find an answer later . 
  this is not our problem , and we have no intention of letting you make it our problem . 
  we 'll do our best to give the refugees help they want , which is getting to the west and staying there . 
  if you then decide to deport them , it 's going to be back home . 
  we 're not going to let you feel like heroes for `` finding them a home '' while you kick them out and dump them on us . 
  they want the west and we have no intention of stopping them in that endeavour . 
  actually , both numbers are irrelevant . 
  ultimately , the deciding factor is n't per capita . 
  luxemburg tops that , but you 'd have to be insane to believe they can take in more people than anyone else . 
  total gdp , that 's all that really counts , and other than poland , greece is above every other eastern european country . 
  edit : also , croatia has 5k lees even when taking ppp in to account . 
  not even close . 
  slovenia is the only ( arguably ) eastern european country with a gdp per capita that 's above that of greece . 
  greece has a gdp/cap that 's almost twice that of poland , croatia and hungary , more than twice that of romania and three times that of bulgaria . 
  it has a higher gdp than slovakia and the czech republic , countries that contributed to rescuing greece from financial collapse . 
  a handy visual aid : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita, 
  and if this is relevant how ? 
  most europeans are religious , but we still like our states secular . 
  to be fair , you were kicking people out of germany and in to eastern europe against their will . 
  we were n't happy about it , they were n't happy about it and it was and is a massive dick move . 
  you get no points for noticing we were n't happy about taking in the people who came to you for help specifically and you turned away . 
  just ask for money . 
  `` sharing '' people who do n't want to go , sending them to the balkans amoung other places was always a dick move to everyone involved . 
  the principal burden will be on the rich countries of europe and we can accept quotas a hundred times over and that will still be true . 
  we can help financially , but the actual people are going to stay your problem until you decide it 's safe to deport them home . 
  this basically underlines a simple fact . 
  this is not a european problem . 
  this is highly localised to the rich parts of europe and germany or sweden or any other destination may want to share the burden , but since the burden is people , they can refuse to be shared . 
  we get to nod and say yes . 
  accept as many people as get sent our way , get everything ready and when they leave or just do n't show up , we can just shrug . 
  anime about every kind of sport or game imaginable is really common . 
  when i was a kid , a volleyball and a football anime were by far my favorite cartoons . 
  i would wake up at 6 in the morning just to catch them before school . 
  hajime no ippo is by far the best boxing related fiction there is . 
  eyeshild 21 exists for fans and would be fan 's of american football diamond ace is tennis there 's a popular basketball one there 's an anime about a kid possessed by the gost of a master go player yu-gi-oh or how to make playing cards seem like a dramatic life or death struggle bayblade or how to make spinning tops bumping in to each other seem like a dramatic life or death struggle death note or how to make writing names in a notebook seem like a dramatic life or death struggle there is not task on this earth so trivial or banal that the japanese ca n't make it dramatic and suspenseful and that 's just a fact . 
  any idiot can can make superpowered individuals fighting for the sake of the world seem epic , but until you 've seen a highschool female volleyball player develop a dbz style special move that 's basically just hitting the ball at an angle , you have n't lived . 
  adorable, 
  holy crap , that system if shit . 
  i relly do n't like ukip , but one fucking seat , and a tory defector at that , for an 8th of the population and over 300 for under 2/5th 's is fucking bullshit . 
  and ? 
  who cares what you want . 
  you have a vision of brexit . 
  so does every other leaver and so does every remain voter as well and the deal you 're going to get is the one that pisses of the smallest number of people . 
  you 're the fridge . 
  most leave voters do n't want what you want so the odds that you 'll get it is basically zero . 
  the deal you 're most likely to get is a very soft brexit because that will be enough for 20-30 % of voters from the leave camp and will be the preferred outcome for basically everyone who voted remain , making it by far the safest option and the option your going to get and then get pissy about because it 's not what you voted for . 
  most migrants in the uk are not from the eu . 
  you guys basically started mass uncontrolled immigration from africa and asia and if you think it will somehow stop now you are out of your mind . 
  that 's a bold lie . 
  absolutely nothing has been clear or is clear . 
  there is no commonly agreed upon brexit strategy . 
  there never was . 
  there is no leave package that wo n't piss off the majority of leave voters and make them decry the evil conservatives for betraying them . 
  prepare for the screams of `` i did n't vote for this '' regardless out outcome . 
  it took almost a decade for them to get to a fta . 
  a decade and a lot of work with countries that did n't piss off half of the members by ending free movement . 
  i would aim lower . 
  reverting to wto rules is a lot more realistic . 
  no one knows for sure , but consider how the process works . 
  any deal needs unanimous approval . 
  canada , we all love you canada , took 8 years to get a deal that 's almost trivial compared to any deal the british would want . 
  just on the question of free movements you get multiple , perpetual no votes from eastern and southern european countries out of pure political necessity and from france and germany on principal . 
  any deal made needs to be palatable to the british people ( which is in and of it self a herculean task ) while being acceptable to all eu member states ( which is not impossible only in the strictest sense of the word ) add the fact that the time span is an incredibly short two years , during which 9 eu members will have a general election , including germany , france , italy and the netherlands and the fact that to grant an extension you again need a unanimous vote and while i ca n't guarantee that deal wo n't be made , i would n't wager anything of value that it will . 
  it 's very relevant . 
  for a solid century the narrative was that it 's technically possible to win while getting fewer votes , but it 's not realistically possible . 
  between 1888 . and 2000 . wining the popular vote and winning the electoral collage has been synonymous . 
  if the electoral collage makes the popular vote completely irrelevant , that makes things worse , not better . 
  it means that you may as well decide who 's president via coin flip since it 's about as representative of what the people want . 
  what 's worse , if it does suppress voters in solid red or blue states , it 's not even doing it 's stated job of representing states . 
  texas was not a landslide . 
  most states are at least technically within reach of ether candidate so every state can flip , if only people knew there was a chance . 
  no matter how you look at it , it 's a horrible , horrible system . 
  you also simply ca n't draw any valid conclusions from it . 
  why did trump win this election ? 
  the electoral collage . 
  had it been a popular election he might have won that , but it was n't . 
  he won because his voters are more favorably distributed . 
  that 's it . 
  the only valid lesson we can learn is that the optimal strategy is to pander to voters who 's votes are mathematically more valuable because there are fewer voters for every elector . 
  we now know for a fact that a candidate should try and represent the largest amount of territory , rather than the greatest number of people . 
  every single argument as to why hilary lost starts with the the line `` she lost the vote '' or `` people did n't vote for her '' followed with some random explanation . 
  she did n't lose the vote , she lost the election and assuming those are the same thing will lead you to some very incorrect conclusions . 
  and you are a dumbass . 
  if things were different the outcome would be different . 
  you do n't say . 
  here 's a thinker , if the electoral collage is supressing the actual resaults of a non stupid election , then that 's a bad thing , not just this year , but every election year . 
  you might as well decide who 's president by havimg a hog race in every state . 
  forgot about scotland , yes and snp .
