  postponing rock bottom wo n't help anyone . 
  what money ? 
  without cut 's greece will stop needing bailouts sometimes next never . 
  can we please just cut the crap , admit this union thing was a bad idea and give the germans the green light for the 4th reich . 
  when i voted for entry in to the eu i was told that entery would mean everything was going to be taken over by the germans , but to my horror , 2 years in an the local dumb-dumbs are still running the show . 
  germany , i know it 's a big ask . 
  most of europe is more fucked up than you know or frankly , could ever imagine , but this is your thing . 
  feed your inner ordnung freak . 
  what 's the number ? 
  how much money does it take to unfuck your system , because from where i stand , all the money in the world would just postpone greece going broke . 
  more to the point , how does refusing money you need help with getting you out of making spending cuts ? 
  the haitian does n't have to pay for greek pensions , i know for a fact that slovaks do . 
  it 's a fucking perversion of common sense and how no one in the slovak government got hanged for treason is beyond me . 
  we 'd be prying greek marble off your buildings with our cabinets ribs as levers if they gave you as much as a dime . 
  you 're actively taking from people who have less than you and still have the nerve to be smug about it . 
  what the hell makes you think you deserve anyone else 's money . 
  you think incompetent leaders and intrinsic corruption are somehow endemic to you . 
  eastern europeans have these problems in spades but we do our damdest to fix our house and make new reputations for our nation 's . 
  we suffer , and we take it and we bleed and sweat and cry and hope things get better , but if they do n't at least we 'll know we did n't contribute to the misery of others . 
  the eu deal is n't bad . 
  the situation in greece is . 
  the system in place ca n't be payed for , period . 
  they ether dismantle it with eu funds helping them stay afloat , or they leave and it comes crashing down . 
  what greece wants is for others to pay for their pensions , social programs and government jobs . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  greece leaving is not going to fix the fact that they need money and do n't have any . 
  everything the eu is demanding is going to have to happen . 
  greece printing it 's own money to pay their people is as helpful as giving them monopoly money . 
  people wo n't trust it and will demand a significant premium from anyone trying to use it to buy goods . 
  you can avoid making cuts all you want but when the drought comes the outlying branch is coming down . 
  here 's the issue . 
  it 's not a game of chicken . 
  the eu really ca n't offer a better deal . 
  it 's because of the money as greece defaulting ultimately costs more . 
  it 's about being unable to ease up on greece and not be forced to renegotiate deals with other , bigger economies where the eu ca n't just eat the loss . 
  basically , the only response to `` we ca n't negotiate '' is `` we were n't negotiating . '', 
  voters in donor states , if given a choice , would likely block a deal under any condition , so every deal that does get offered is a gift . 
  what greek voters do n't seem to get is that they very well might inspire similar referendums , ordering donor government 's to tell greece to go to hell . 
  there 's really no room for games when you 're the one in desperate need of money and telling the people who 's money you want that you demand on being as irresponsible with it as you please seems like a horrible plan . 
  and if the people were n't perfectly fine with said corruption and the nepotism , and had instead elected politicians who were ready to make hard , unpopular , but necessary decisions , they would n't be in this mess . 
  on the flip side , even without gs , in one way or another the politicians that they elected were going to eventually lead greece of a cliff . 
  maybe sooner , maybe later but it would have happened . 
  you 're talking about a symptom . 
  i 'm talking about the root cause . 
  you 're saying the greek people did n't know the politicians would soak the country in 100 octane lead free gasoline and light it on fire with a zippo . 
  i 'm saying , when you elect an arsonist there 's going to be a fire . 
  that 's not true . 
  many people saw what was happening and they spoke up and were ignored because things were still fine . 
  the thing that sunk greece was n't some shady machination no one knew about . 
  the government was very publicly taking on relatively short term debt to pay long term obligations like pensions and government salaries . 
  everyone who takes so much as 2 seconds to think about this knows why it 's disastrous . 
  taking a loan to pay for something that might make money in the future is a reasonable investment . 
  taking a loan to pay for something that not only has no chance of generating a return but will just add up costing more and more over the years , like pensions , simply adds interest on top of an already huge expense . 
  the people knew about the government 's gross inefficiency . 
  they knew about people in government jobs hired do to nepotism , that most agencies had 40 % of the employees doing 100 % of the work , of phantom jobs where the person does n't even exist and the money goes to someone else . 
  none of this was a secret . 
  people knew about it , accepted it and even took advantage . 
  you see , politicians in other places also have access to closed door technology , but they do n't get away with doing shit like this because you ca n't govern locked in a room . 
  a functional country has people who are willing to punish their representatives for sacrificing the long term for the short term . 
  people who understand that corruption and inefficiencies are a cancer that needs to be cut out , not a way of life , or a tool to be used . 
  no one in greece was shocked to find out their representatives were n't angels . 
  everyone knew the system was rotten and decided it was fine like that as long as they got a cut . 
  other than electing the people who did based on the condition that they 'll give them free stuff . 
  sure , they never explicitly said to lie and cheat , but had no issue while it was going on because it was to their benefit . 
  in a democracy the people are the state . 
  the politicians are our dogs . 
  if they bite someone , it 's on us . 
  adults need to be held accountable for their own choices , especially if they choose to ignore the origin of newly found wealth . 
  yes , because next month , when wages are due and you need the foreign banks to lend you money , they wo n't . 
  burning bridges to solve a problem is questionable . 
  burning bridges to slightly postpone a problem is mad . 
  it 's not a fantasy on part of the eu , it 's calculated risk . 
  not comming down has the risk of seing greece fail . 
  comming down has the risk of other countries wanting to renegotiate . 
  the anglo-french alliance was far stronger than the wehrmacht of 1940 . with more men , more and better tanks , more large guns and bigger air forces . 
  the creation of dedicated long range bombers with large bomb bays and near infinite supply 's of poison gas that that acted on skin contact rather than by being inhaled created a mad-like situation very familiar to the one we have today . 
  did any of this stop ww2 ? 
  nope . 
  the inferior power on paper attacked the superior force knowing that a false sense of security and superior tactics would give them the edge and all mad means is that you can never use your wmd 's because using them is the equivalent of shooting your enemy by aiming through your skull . 
  actually , no , it 's not . 
  the head of the anglican church is n't the ruler of britain , the ruler of britain is the head of the anglican church . 
  the uk is the state ruling over the church , not the other way around . 
  the us fifa rep did n't pay his taxes and then turned on his colleagues . 
  it 's not that the us really cares about fifa , but the irs is not to be fucked with . 
  our political leadership is made up of petty criminals . 
  by that i mean stealing is what they do best , and they do n't exactly excel even in that field . 
  i 'd be shocked if we managed to get an 1/8 of that money since the people in charge were here to incapable of making convincing fake projects , let alone real ones . 
  it 's depressing as we certainly could make a good chase for building tones of infrastructure as we 're ideally located to receive shipping coming through the suez channel and dispersing it through central and eastern europe . 
  but of course some asshole gets all pissy that he ca n't embezzle funds or use them to build a 10 million euro bypass to his vacation house and it gets torpedoed . 
  my country is run by con artists that make the nigerian prince scammers look sofisticaited so no , the money is n't coming our way any time soon . 
  no , he 's saying that they 're people motivated by the same things most people are ( a good job and upward mobility ) and that like most people they tend to focus on everything that keeps their job relevant . 
  the implication is that they 're no different than any other employee . 
  everyone 's work is vital when layoffs are on the table . 
  we 're saying they 're normal people . 
  you 're the one implying they 're paragons of the species who would never stoop to something as mundane as exaggerating a problem to cover their asses . 
  no it wo n't . 
  if in the future they become more like us , more liberal minded and open , they 'll take us in but they 'll have the same reservations we do now . 
  if they 're assholes , they wo n't care if we built golden palaces for their people . 
  nations have no friends , nor do they have enemies , only interests . 
  sometimes they align , sometimes they diverge , but they never remember .
