  by making it a big deal , they all but admit that they think it 's not a big deal . 
  enough of what ? 
  bailout money ? 
  you do realize there was a very serious movement trying to kick greece out of the eu or at least the eurozone . 
  it would be beneficial for everyone if greece just left , everyone but greece , because their debts would stay . 
  if they defaulted or payed back with a devalued drachma they would still need to borrow more money . 
  they have a primary surplus , but only do to austerity . 
  if they start spending like normal they need to borrow and no one is giving them money under any remotely favorable condition . 
  at the same time , every greek who 's ever thought about moving away suddenly sees that their window of opportunity is closing so they bail . 
  every greek with savings in euros panics because they < know what 's going to happen when they switch to the drachma . 
  the government will need real money to pay for imports so they 'll take it from the only people they can force to exchange it for the drachma . 
  anticipating that , anyone with savings will do what they can to hide the money abroad . 
  now you have capital flight , a brain rush and an economy that 's in the shitter with very limited means of getting a cash influx . 
  the greek market is hardly worth the attention of any large economy so favorable bilateral trade would be hard to arrange and just to put a cherry on top , you have a turkey growing more belligerent by the day right next to you with no formal backing from the eu . 
  sure , there 's nato , but turkey is in nato . 
  while one could argue that greece might have avoided this economic mess were it not part of the eu , leaving the eu does nothing to fix it . 
  had the paralyzed man not bought a car , he might not have gotten in to an accident , but never driving a car again is only making his life worse . 
  even more importantly , you need people who are likely to vote . 
  it does n't the 30-40 % of the population that stays home can unanimously agree on an issue and it would n't matter because you need to vote for your vote to count . 
  this is exceptionally difficult to do if you 're not local . 
  turkey was modern and progressive just a few years back . 
  hell , russia was searingly moving in the right direction just a decade or so ago . 
  `` oh , it 's just a small change and people are acting like the sky is falling '' said the moderates of every country turning totalitarian ever . 
  and to make matters even more silly , the brits were on the writing team . 
  they 're more responsible for the echr 's content than any other european country , possible more responsible for the content than anyone . 
  the story of how even in the face of humanity , compassion and love for thy fellow man , in the end political ideology will triumph and turn not only stranger against stranger , but friend against friend . 
  i know that this is supposed to be a positive message , but really what it tells us is that even though the men on both sides did not hate or even truly dislike each other , the powers that be had little issue when forging regular people in to murders capable of killing others who were far more similar to them than the politicians and generals giving them orders . 
  this truce shows us that these people were not under a spell . 
  they were not brainwashed . 
  they made a choice to toe the line , follow orders , choose the path of last resistance . 
  i mean for god 's sake , here you have millions of people , armed to the teeth , living in conditions unfit even for live stock realizing that the soldiers on the other side are not their personal enemy , knowing that the war is of no personal benefit while asking for sacrifice after sacrifice and they still find it easier to point the guns at the stranger on the other side rather than turning against those who would send them to die for no reason . 
  these men lack even the pretense that they were coerced by force since they them selves were the strong arm of the state . 
  what does it say about man kind when it 's easier to go fight in the trenches than it is to defy established authority ? 
  as far as i know , the institute exists in every eu country , but it 's only in regards to children who 's parentage ca n't be determined . 
  basically , if you find an abandoned infant , since you have no way of knowing the parents the child risks being stateless so in order to prevent that it 's given citizenship based on jus soli . 
  that 's the only circumstance that was covered and to my ( admittedly incomplete knowledge ) that 's the only situation where jus sangui would not be applied . 
  fair point . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  to find out what ? 
  shockingly people have done the leg work and we know how to place solar panels properly . 
  they do n't even try to claim the pannels are as efficient as normal panels . 
  all they could prove is that it 's possible to have panels on a road where they function without breaking which is n't really relevant since you do n't want them on roads in the first place . 
  should we be testing deep sea panels ? 
  who knows what advances we could make in underwater solar ? 
  this is no experiment . 
  it 's a political stunt . 
  want to save the planet ? 
  inflate your tires , insolate your home 's , buy regular roof panels . 
  this is the government scale equivalent of buying a huge recycling sticker and slaping it on your non separated trash can . 
  it 's worse than doing nothing . 
  it 's pretending like your doing something while doing nothing . 
  this is exactly the kind of nonsense that kills legitimate but less `` sexy '' ideas . 
  someone is going to come up with a sensible solar solution that 's going to get rejected because `` remember solar roads '', 
  except on roads because for the hundredth time , they are a shitty place to put solar panels , because the angle is shit . 
  what 's so hard to get about solar panels needing actual sunlight ? 
  ok , so the rode is less wide meaning you need more of it to get the same square footage . 
  you have less than 10 square kilometers worth of main road and less than 32 square kilometers worth of secondary road . 
  that gives you a generous 40ish square kilometers of road in a country with a surface area of 41,000 square kilometers or 0.1 % of the surface area . 
  one lane of 1km of road costs 5.2 million euros to repave in solar panels . 
  both lanes would be 10.4 million , 4 lanes would be 20.8 million . 
  for the low , low price of 51 billion euros you could repave your highways and for just 83 billion more you could repave secondary roads to achieve a coverage of 40 square kilometers total , for some 134 billion euros a rectangle 4km wide , 10km long . 
  here ( http://solarelectricityhandbook.com/solar-angle-calculator.html ) you can see the optimal angels for the netherlands . 
  in the winter , roads are 14 degrees off the optimal angel to collect solar power . 
  in the summer they 're 62 degrees off optimal . 
  here ( http://www.mpptsolar.com/en/best-angle-for-solar-panels.html ) you can see how much efficiency you lose . 
  between 30 % and 70 % just from having the panels installed in a shitty location , before even accounting for the fact that some roads are permanently in the shade do to being surrounded by buildings or trees or hills or mountains and are being constantly covered with dirt , rubber and oil from passing vehicles . 
  here you have a 1 square kilometer solar farm . 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agua_caliente_solar_project ) it cost 1.8 billion dollars including land to build . 
  times 40 get 's you to 72 billion dollars or 68 billion euros . 
  that 's using industrial solar panels with an efficiency of 29 % as opposed to commercial panels that are 20 % and these panels that the article states already start with a miserably low 15 % , again , before taking in to account the additional loss do to poor angling . 
  even allowing for the lowest possible loss of 30 % , the regular panels are still 3 times as efficient . 
  twice the cost at a third of the output assuming it works perfectly , which it wo n't because we 're still not accounting for the cars . 
  now , you can say that tech will advance and prices will go down , but that wo n't matter because the same advancements will reduce the price of regular , non stupid solar panels as fast or faster and all the advancements in the world wo n't change the fact that solar panels really , really need sunlight so you should put them in the sun . 
  you would think that , but a road panel simply does n't get sufficient light , unless it 's on the sunny side of a hill . 
  the difference between a flat panel and one at an angle is huge . 
  even being a few degrees off optimal sees a very relevant drop off in efficiency , to the point where it 's recommended you adjust the angle at least twice a year . 
  as far as space goes , i did the math . 
  the average road is roughly 4 meters wide . 
  you need 250km to cover an area of just 1 square kilometer . 
  to cover an area of 9 square kilometers ( 3km high , 3km wide ) you need 2250km of road . 
  if you add the fact that areas where there 's a lot of road over a relatively surface area tend to be cities where the traffic and shade from the buildings further decreases the already poor performance of flat panels , you 're left with just roads between major population areas where land is both cheap and relatively abundant . 
  putting solar tracking panels next to major roads , where the state already owns the land and there are no obstructions to the sun , that makes sense . 
  they can function as wind breaks , sound barriers and protect drivers from glaring sunlight in addition to providing a very high degree of efficiency . 
  that 's the stuff that allowed for explosive growth when we reached a fairly decent level of development . 
  without roads we do n't have large settlements and by large i mean , we do n't have settlements beyond a village of a few hundred people . 
  you are correct that in absolute numbers , advancements in production , medicine and aggro chemistry gave us some 6 billion extra people , but the road connected cities to farms and cities to other cities . 
  even coastal cities that relied on trade via ship would be non viable , since without roads , getting sufficient lumber is not practical . 
  roads are the arteries and nervous system of humanity, 
  they 're not building the road though . 
  they 're repaving it . 
  if they were building it from scratch it would be 2-3 million plus the 5 on top , minus whatever it costs to put on the asphalt . 
  edit : 10 million on top . 
  forgot they only built one lane . 
  those wast area 's covered in asphalt are one of the most important inventions in human history and are one of the main reasons you , me and most of the people on this thread are currently alive . 
  it 's a road . 
  it 's brilliant in it 's simplicity . 
  make hard to pass terrain easy to pass . 
  rooftops are wasted space . 
  empty areas around roads are wasted space . 
  areas above parking lots , walkways and bike ways are wasted space where you could build panels that provide shade and cover from the rain .
