  anyone going against that will be wrong more often than not . 
  your mind is trying to save your life . 
  a few days ago , gunshot noises were 1000:1 odds in favor of being nothing . 
  today , it 's probably closer to 10:1 . 
  eventually , people will stop using firecrackers and noise makers all together because it 's no longer amusing and the odds of gunshots being actual gunshots will be 50:50 . 
  your brain wants you to be alert and to give weigh to noises that mean danger . 
  fear can drive you to do dumb things , but the worst thing you can do is ignore it . 
  it exist for a reason . 
  you know , it is . 
  life in eastern europe is getting better , exept that we really like the people in the west and them getting horribly murdered is sapping our jubilation . 
  there 's exactly one group of people every special forces unit is afraid of and that 's the enemy , because you need to be insane not to fear the people trying to kill you , even if you feel better than them . 
  on the other hand , no special forces unit is afraid of any other on a day to day level . 
  if any unit feels something about another is superior , they adept it . 
  usually though , they realize that they have different purposes and their equipment and training reflect that . 
  you forgot abot having the largest cocks , the biggest balls and every man women and child bein a us navy seal with 6 comfirmed kills . 
  simple . 
  when a matter of national interest comes up , you need to be able to act . 
  when egypt took back suez the americans decided they could have it and they had it . 
  when china took back hong kong , the uk did n't even consider refusing on it 's own . 
  iraq was the worlds 5th largest army . 
  shows you what being 5th means , but your not even that . 
  you lost that spot to france a few weeks back . 
  you have a veto on the securiti council ? 
  how adorable . 
  so did taiwan for a few decades . 
  of course setting a date would be naive . 
  naive now . 
  naive 5 years from now . 
  naive 10 years from now . 
  so hard , so difficlult . 
  and of course , the us would certanly care about what the uk thinks and abandon the eu at the drop of a hat . 
  because what 's geopolitics when compared to the whims of some strange people on an island . 
  show , do n't tell . 
  there is no argument . 
  that 's the point . 
  your nobodies on the world stage . 
  no one cares what you want . 
  hell , you ca n't get your own politicians to set a date for the brexit , but you think you 'll be telling something to the us ? 
  that 's cute . 
  the same way bankers fuck over bankers anywhere . 
  sell toxic financial products to uk banks . 
  buy up the corpse for cheap . 
  sure . 
  you 'll tell that to the yanks . 
  then they 'll tell you no , like they told you no during the suez chrisis , like they told you no when it was time to give hong kong back to china , and that no will be final , because unlike the eu , the us does not care one single bit about the so called oppinions of it 's lapdog . 
  you do n't . 
  you have no tricks . 
  you have no plan a , let alone a plan b or any kind of contingency plan . 
  the planed timetable for invoking a 50 is being moved back by about 1 year every week , currently standinf at `` before the general election in 2020 . '', 
  it 's a joke . 
  it 's strange waking up one morning and realizing that between the us and the uk , the americans are the smart ones . 
  the uk market is relatively small and saturated . 
  in other words , opening it is not very interesting . 
  the british people already have lots of stuff , meaning , there 's not that much more you can sell . 
  china will thus ask for stuff you do n't want to give , like unlimited right to buy land and full access to the housing market for it 's cititens . 
  every deal made makes every subsequent deal less interesting . 
  the off chance of selling a few cars to the few brits looking to buy them while competing against 5 other countries ia n't worth much . 
  however , if there is no trade deal with china , everyone else smells blood . 
  oh this is so much worse . 
  this is n't a bet , it 's a time bomb . 
  china will fuck over uk banks , because why would n't they . 
  they want to be world financial hub and the second the cost benefit is in their favor it 's bye , bye , have a nice lifem, 
  between europe and the middle east , sure . 
  how exactly do you imagine that helps you , keep us out . 
  nationalists especially dislike the idea of foreigners , that 's you , have greater rights than their own citizens . 
  more to the point , 3 countries is still 24 too few for a deal . 
  no one is laughing at the refugee chrisis . 
  the game of musical chairs where the last person standing has to be pm , now that 's funny . 
  self righteous and self degradating . 
  how original . 
  and 18 months ago i would have agreed with you . 
  it 's no longer 18 months ago . 
  fewer guns do n't prevent shit any more . 
  you feel free to put your trust in the people who could n't stop and 18 year old for the better part of a day . 
  i for one , prefer to be able to shoot back when some asshole decides to open fire , rather than make a schedule for someone later that day to come and help . 
  might i remind you that the british have this odd historic tendency to see germany and france disagree on something minor and then go to one of you and whisper `` did you hear what the other guy is saying about you behind your back . 
  i do n't know about you , but if he said those things about me , i 'd punch em in the face . 
  now , you do n't have to stand up for your self , maybe you do n't mind your dear old mother being called a cheap , dirty whore , but if you do decide that something should be done , know that i have your back , old buddy , old friend , old pal . '', 
  you remember all those refugees from the balkan wars losing it because of the shit they 've seen and randomly killing people ? 
  nether do i. 
  it 's not `` cheating '' it 's cultural compatibility . 
  we can coexist with east asians because they 're like us , and in the points that they are n't , it 's no problem because they have order and following the rule of law as key cultural tenants . 
  you want a society where they have n't succeed ? 
  they literally kicked out singapore and it 's predominantly chinese population out of the country . 
  they also generally do n't have a lot of luck in the middle east . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb and say that , no , no they are not . 
  so now you 're changing the story . 
  yes , people without guns ca n't stop mass shootings . 
  however , when you have people with guns present , they tend to do a decent job . 
  the obvious solution would be to make sure as many people as possible can defend them selves , but you would rather make it harder . 
  in the us shooters may use legally acquired guns , but here , the guns are already illegal . 
  what exactly do you think stricter legislation is going to do ? 
  no , really , tell me how you would phrase a law that would have stopped this kid from getting his illegal gun ? 
  how would you write legislation that stops terrorists from getting their weapons , because if you ca n't what 's the point ? 
  seriously ? 
  a guy stopped a mass shooting in the us like a month ago . 
  http://rare.us/story/a-man-with-a-carry-and-conceal-gun-stopped-a-mass-shooting-at-a-nightclub/ guess when you only listen to what you want to hear , you tend to miss stuff . 
  it 's as reasonable theory as any . 
  honestly i doubt they have the first clue of what they 're doing . 
  they 're playing for time , hoping something happens to force their hand .
