  germany is ignoring eu law . 
  by unilaterally suspending dublin 3 people are free to ignore eu law as long as they ultimately reach germany . 
  fine , but if that 's the chase you can register them your selves . 
  since the czech republic has no non eu neighbors , they have no reason to hold and register anyone . 
  there is no way for these people to get to the czech republic first , so it 's not their job to register them however you spin it . 
  making sure women can feel safe and do n't get raped as often seems like a damn good reason . 
  rich people are just as likely to be criminals . 
  the difference is the kind of crimes committed . 
  also , it 's disingenuous to claim poverty as a cause when the crime is rape . 
  poverty does n't turn people in to rapists . 
  you know what , let them . 
  we do n't have a lot but what we do have is ours . 
  i do n't want a damn handout . 
  if the westerners are in a giving mood let them give . 
  when your dealing with tens of thousands of people a month , you 're kind of dealing with groups . 
  what 's shocking to me is that a lot of the people pushing for more refuges and immigrants are left leaning liberals . 
  the people coming here are at best deeply conservative and hold views that would be seen as extreme by all but the radical right and at worst are fundamentalists who hate europeans and everything we stand for but still come here for some reason instead of going to saudi arabia . 
  the lives of jews , homosexuals , non muslim minorities and women is going to get much worse in parts of europe that have been traditionally the safest . 
  personally , i 'd like nothing better than to watch as they realize they just imported their ideological enemies , that the people they call racists and cruel are angels compared to the new arrivals . 
  however , there are far to many people who are n't acting without thinking in each of the big immigration destinations for it to be fun to watch . 
  good people who have every right to feel safe here at home in their own countries are going to get hurt . 
  this is going to push everyone further to the far right and god know what the end result is going to be . 
  probably nothing good . 
  hungary and austria were the same country for a good 400 years and 1918 is 38 years removed from 1956 . 
  syria became independent in 1936 following the franco-syrian treaty of independence . 
  syria was a `` part '' of france for 18 years 79 years ago . 
  only for the people that get accepted and enough do n't to make trafficking viable . 
  no problem . 
  it 's an emotional issue for a lot of people . 
  yes , i do n't want them in my country . 
  on the racist part i would like to mention that the people we hate most and discriminate against most frequently happen to be serbs who are also south slavs , speak the same language and are as close to as as can be . 
  that being said . 
  there are currently 2-3 thousand yugoslav war vets living in tents in our capital . 
  6 weeks ago we were ecstatic that our gdp was growing for the first time in 7 years . 
  we 're at 0,02 % growth . 
  we should be back to 2007 . levels of slightly less miserable poverty by 2035 . 
  what moron decided it was even remotely a good idea to consider sending the most i 'll adjusted migrants on the planet , against their will , to a region that is history known as a powder keg , is barely better off than where they came from and populated by bitter , unemployed former soldiers with racist genocidal tendencies . 
  granted , other parts of e europe might not be quite as fucked up , but we 're somewhat close . 
  also let 's not forget , while we do n't want them to stay , that does n't bring us in conflict with the migrants . 
  they see our shitholes and agree that it 's no place they would like to stay . 
  we are perfectly friendly and helpful in sending them on their merry way , and then they come to you and you send them back . 
  and we 're the bad guys ? 
  we 're helping them get what they want and you 're punishing them by forcing them to live with us . 
  tsk , tsk . 
  looks like someone else might not like dirty syrians . 
  i was here during the war . 
  so was my whole family , my friends and their families . 
  you took in the people who ran away , soldiers who deserted and criminals who stole money that was supposed to buy us weapons to defend ourselves . 
  oh , and germany pushed for a weapons ban that meant we had to use czech 22mm anti air guns from the 50 's to fight against 4th gen fighter jets . 
  we would still like those people back by the way . 
  we officially abolished the statute of limitations for war profiters so while we ca n't send the cowardly bastards who abandoned their posts and let good men die to jail , we can at least punish the thieves if given a chance . 
  you still have n't explained why you need us to take in anyone ? 
  they want to go to germany and germany is pushing for them to come to europe and you have vastly more money and resources . 
  also and i repeat my self . 
  i do n't care what the habsburg 's did . 
  i do care that you 're trying to do the exact same thing now . 
  it was bad then and it 's bad now . 
  i 'm not blaming you for the past . 
  i 'm blaming you for the present . 
  you are fucking us over . 
  you are fucking the immigrants over . 
  why on earth do you think exiling them here of all places is ok us or them ? 
  they do n't want to be here and we do n't want them here . 
  the immigrants and us , were on the same page . 
  we all agree they should n't be here . 
  stop pretending like your doing them a favour or like your standing up for them . 
  you 're kicking them out . 
  you do n't want them . 
  you 're treating them like human garbage . 
  we 're being honest . 
  we do n't like them or want them here and they do n't mind . 
  we do everything in our power to make sure they get to western country of their choice safely and quickly . 
  we make their brief stay pleasant and they are very happy about that . 
  the only people pushing for this is you guys . 
  oh i like germany . 
  i genuanly support almost everything you guy do , but this distribution thing is moronic on multiple levels . 
  we do n't want them . 
  if we did we could n't afford them . 
  if we could they still would n't want us . 
  this has nothing to do with retribution for passed sins and everything to do with the fact that your doing it again . 
  you will cherry pick all the best people and you will send us the dregs . 
  i ca n't see it happening any other way . 
  getting to stay in germany is a prize and getting sent here is a punishment and having followed chases handled by the ogh for years i know they wo n't let government do any kind of random reassignment and the public wo n't accept us getting the easy to integrate , easy to live with people . 
  you are going to fuck us over , that 's just a fact . 
  it 's not like we 're stopping you from taking these people in . 
  help them . 
  prove us wrong . 
  hell , if anyone can do it germany can , but do you seriously not understand how badly this hurts us . 
  after 7 straight years of gdp decline we 've literally managed to achieve growth of 0.02 % six weeks ago . 
  there are 3-4 thousand military veterans living in tents in our capital right now and you fuckers think we can take god knows how many people on because you just ca n't handle the load ? 
  when you decide who to send our way is it going to be random or are you going to have criteria ? 
  are you going to kick out families with children ? 
  helpless women ? 
  or are we going to get the people who exhibited violent tendencies ? 
  are we going to get any of immigrants ( and that 's what they are the moment they leave the fist safe country they entered ) who actually speak a european language ? 
  are you going to keep the people you do suspect of being terrorists , or are you telling me that it 's impossible for isis to figure out that it 's a good idea to send a few people with the waves of civilians . 
  also , what happens when this latest batch of migrants fail to integrate and they also decide to join the german , french , british and other citizens murdering their way through the middle east . 
  let me be blunt . 
  first , the sheer number of european isis fighters tells me you failed miserably at making these people european and your failure is costing thousands their lives . 
  secondly , you wanting to kick out people and dump them on us tells me i should expect getting fucked over because this is n't the first or second or third time germans have `` insisted on the distribution of non slavic peoples on slavic lands '' we know how this ends because we 've seen it happen when the habsburg 's and hohenzollern 's were in charge and you 'll forgive me for not exactly having faith that `` this time will be different '',
