  the banks are there as merchants . 
  they buy the product on offer and the product on offer are the stocks listed on the london stock exchange . 
  if england leaves the eu , then eu stocks no longer get listed and the banks have nothing to buy . 
  of course wall street and tokio are domestic hubs . 
  the only place where you can be a multi national hub is europe . 
  everywhere else you trade domestic stock , period . 
  your half explanation of inertia being the reason why they exist is nonsense . 
  it 's local laws . 
  technical possibilities are cute , but simple facts are as follows . 
  you are not legally allowed to trade on wall street of your not in the states , same for tokio , same for london . 
  i do n't think you fully understand how markets work . 
  london is the european financial hub because every major corporation in europe has listed it self for trade in london . 
  they do so because the city 's special status makes it incredibly attractive . 
  but now you may ask , why does n't every company in the world simply use london ? 
  why do wall street or tokio or other places exist as financial hubs ? 
  because they are ether disencentivised or directly prohibited for listing outside their home countries . 
  when the uk leaves the very first thing the french and german bankers will demand of their governments is to treat the city as they would any other foreign tax haven and to make it harder or impossible for eu companies to list there . 
  as for dublin , there 's nothing in dublin . 
  i mentioned tech companies because they really do n't care exactly where they operate out of as long as they 're in the eu and ireland is really convenient . 
  banks ca n't operate effectively from afar . 
  they need access to a major market and for the eu that 's ether going to be the frankfurt or the paris stock exchange . 
  while london will still be a financial hub , it will be one for the uk and the uk only . 
  big finance is as big a factor on the continent as it is on the island and i do n't understand how you can believe that european bankers would allow their profits to leave europe if all they needed was something like a foreign transaction tax that 's just high enough to make london unprofitable . 
  they are n't a tech company . 
  they need access to the financial markets . 
  do you know why every bank is ether in the city or london or on wall street . 
  it 's not because of property prices i can tell you that . 
  physical access , both for people as well as high frequency trading machines is imperative . 
  gs is n't a british bank . 
  worst outcome , they have to move to paris or frankfurt . 
  if the article is correct in asserting the main reason why hedge funds want to stay is because of deregulation , that 's a whole different level of problem . 
  basically , golden prefers things to stay as they are , hedge funds want to go back to doing whatever they want . 
  and regular work is trading money for labor , just like slavery . 
  the difference ? 
  you 're paying the people doing the work and you do n't own the people doing the work . 
  so yes , prostitution is exactly like slavery , minus the slavery . 
  and now they are n't desperate , they 're opportunists , but rational opportunists so that 's ok . 
  a lot of people are n't desperate after being given free housing , food , medical care and have had all their paperwork done . 
  the problem is that they might very well be trading a decent existence in poland for a german tent or shanty town . 
  if we really are talking about decently afluent , educated people , they really should know that . 
  which of course begs the question , why are we taking in syrians when we could be helping poles . 
  i mean , if poland really is worse than surely the syrians ca n't expect to have priority . 
  socio-economic ? 
  are you living under the impression that the people he 'll hire will be anything but upper class ? 
  he 's what 's going to happen . 
  the same thing that happens any time an administrator is filled based on nonsense instead of merit . 
  he 'll hire friends and family and say it 's fine because diversity and because geniuses like you exist , he might get away with it . 
  sure , it would be a piss poor argument since the security services are trying to stop people actively avoiding being stopped , thus making it a defeat or failure and not an accident by any conceivable definition of the word , but you absolutely could argue that . 
  special needs does n't mean what you think it means kiddo . 
  and that 's why not one person indentifies as italian-american or any other nationality-american . 
  usa , land of the genocidal slaveowners who coexisted so well with the natives they drove them to extinction , and who integrated slaves so well you have to put 2 million of them in jail . 
  a regular paradises of diversity . 
  i do n't care . 
  call me racist all you like . 
  the next time i care what some over privileged , under educated little yankee thinks will be the first . 
  and yes , i will have fries with that . 
  how so ? 
  first generation immigrants can and do become citizens and have the exact same legal status as their children , yet you recognize the first generation as guests , but attribute a different status to the children . 
  why ? 
  unless you believe european soil possesses some mystical transformative powers , they are no more european than their parents . 
  we are not nation 's based on some higher idea of nationhood . 
  being european is not a state of mind , it is a matter of fact . 
  our countries are the lands of the germans , the french , the spanish , the dutch , the poles ... reguardless of place of birth or citizenship , a child born to italian parents is italian . 
  on the flip side , someone born in italy and having citizenship does not an italian make . 
  telling foreigners that they are n't foreigners is a big part of the problem . 
  telling them that they can just become european is a blatant lie and when they realize it as such , they become frustrated , making an already uneasy situation worse . 
  they are guests , their children will be guests and it will stay that way for the foreseeable future . 
  they need to know this and they need to act it because no peace of paper can change how people see them and no law will stop people from kicking unwanted guests to the curb . 
  so your saying we absolutly can win by force , you just do n't want us too . 
  might that not be the problem . 
  they get to act tough because they know we wo n't go far enough to stop them . 
  that 's likely correct and i 'm not assigning blame , but the point stands , countries should take responsibility and present their citizens from going abroad to commit crimes when ever it is possible to do so . 
  look , there 's a point when you have to look in the mirror and say : `` we as a people fucked up . '', 
  you ca n't inflict theses assholes on others . 
  at some point you really have to come to the conclusion that if a person is driven to go murder , rape and revive slavery in a foreign land , as moral people we are completed to take them out of sight , put a bullet in their brain and then just claim they died over there . 
  i 'd say letting them go would be like sending your rabid dog out so that he was n't in your house , but rabid dogs do n't rape children . 
  bullet , head and let future generations debate the moral implications . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  are there europeans from unspecific , random countries ? 
  as a european from a more specific and exceptionally particular european country , i call faul on your bullshit . 
  interesting . 
  i figured it might but did n't want to make assumptions . 
  i think a big part of the problem stems from having adapted many of the values of the united states as default western values . 
  in most cases this is perfectly fine , but when if comes to immigration , there is one fundamental difference and it has nothing to do with geography . 
  the us is a nation built on the idea of a nation . 
  european nations are built on , for lack of a better word , tribal ties . 
  we 're germans , poles , frenchmen , dutch ect . 
  because we share a common ancestry . 
  most of the post world war problems within europe stem from clashes between citizens of one country not feeling like one people . 
  yugoslavia being the prime example , but spain , the uk , belgium , even germany and italy have some number of people who think they are a distinct group . 
  a person can be born outside the us , live a good portion of their life outside the us , come to the us as a middle aged adault and die an american , because being an american is a state of mind . 
  european countries are the land of the english , the land of the portuguese , the land of the italians and the greeks and the danes and czechs and this is a state of fact . 
  you can be multiple generations removed from having any relative actually live in your ancestral homeland and come home in the same way a relative who moved abroad would . 
  on the flip side , it takes a long , long , long time for a foreigner to become a local . 
  total immersion , the abandonment of all things non native and multiple lifetimes . 
  you can be a german american , but there 's no such thing as a german frenchmen and this is not unique to europe . 
  on the contrary , the reason we 're having such problems is because this is exactly how it works everywhere but in north america . 
  we feel guilty for not being able to live up to values incompatible with our circumstances and i do n't think we should . 
  the idea of the american nation superceded ethnicity during the us civil war since the confederates saw them selves as american as the unionists . 
  did n't stop them from waging a bloody and violent war .
