  ok , so why are they coming and then passing through perfectly safe countries . 
  for the exercise ? 
  if germany started kicking them out or sending them to jail , this would stop . 
  are you seriously suggesting someone payed a smuggler a small fortune to risk their lives getting to greece ? 
  germany is the promised land . 
  the migrants say so them selves ? 
  are they liers ? 
  granted it 's not just germany . 
  england and sweden are popular as well , but germany is the big one . 
  if you disagree tell me how you explain the millions of people heading for germany ? 
  did they wake up one morning with a burning desire for beer and bratwurst ? 
  germany is making them feel welcome . 
  germany is the prize that makes it worth it . 
  germany is the main opponent of kicking everyone out . 
  they are n't at fault , but they are the cause . 
  no , they do n't get sent back . 
  no one is going to place land mines and no one is going to shoot them . 
  they 'll do what they always do . 
  congregate until they have numbers to force through riot police and move on . 
  are you living in some fantasy world where any of your ideas have a chance in hell of happening . 
  this is the real world . 
  violence was off the table from the word go and it would n't matter anyway . 
  if you get a prize for crossing a mine field you cross the minefield . 
  if the bordercrossing is rainbows an sunshine but all you get is a no expenses paid vacation in jail followed by a kick in the ass , you do n't bother . 
  fortifying the border is moronic . 
  we need to take away the incentive to cross it and this goes away . 
  if your argument is that greece can close it 's borders than it should . 
  all i 'm reading here is that a group of migrants got stuck after a part of the route got changed on the fly . 
  there is no real need for immediate consensus . 
  all that needs to happen is the countries getting screwed deciding that they no longer want to be screwed and send the migrants forward to the countries causing the obstruction . 
  this is not a south or east european problem unless we decide to make it one . 
  this is ether a total european problem or it 's a problem for the countries that support unlimited migration . 
  o , hell no . 
  it 's not about the crime being bad , it 's about the punishment being visually striking without actually being harsh . 
  it is just work after all , the kind people do , but throw in camera crews and orange jump suits and you send a clear message . 
  illegal immigration will not be rewarded . 
  make that clear and you do n't need walls or armies , the illegals just stop coming . 
  you should n't , and you 're doing everything the wrong way . 
  the migrants want to leave . 
  all you have to do is agree to fabricate a crisis . 
  a police strike would work best . 
  `` o , woe is us , we would love to keep them here but have no money to do so . '', 
  you have a problem that 's litteraly waiting to walk away . 
  all you need to do to facilitate that is play dumb . 
  sure , others can stop them at your border , but unless they decide to shoot them , that still puts them on their plate . 
  ether the pro refugee nation 's take them all in or we all agree on a system that scares off the illegals ( jail in northern sweden ) and the opportunists ( make it clear that no one is staying permanently and everyone not on their absolute best behavior gets too see what 23h of night look like ), 
  while i understand you 're making a point , you should probably care because getting access to an open blue water port has been a russian goal for centuries and greece is almost certainly near the top of the `` to invade '' list . 
  i know they seem far away , but romania and bulgaria give you a month tops if the russians are serious , and they would have to be to invade the eu . 
  yeah , the money argument was always silly . 
  i had italians asking me who would pay the fines if they just sent the refugees forward ? 
  the saving from not having them there would pay the fines and then some . 
  closing a border does fuck all . 
  you just keep sending them people and they can ether shoot them or they overwhelm the border . 
  if everyone just sends them forward to germany it becomes their problem . 
  since they are both the cause and the principal reason we do n't have a solution , i think it 's only fair . 
  personally i believe that people who can prove their refugee status get to stay , but only until the situation stabilises . 
  if the situation is n't stable in 5 years , we take military action , secure a sufficiently large area in syria and send them there . 
  for anyone caught illegally migrating to europe , they get to go to jail , preferably in the arctic circle or they can do 12 months of hard labor ( building camps and growing food for the actual refugees ) and then they get kicked out with the the warning that repeat offenders will get the same punishment as illegals that commit a crime , which should be hard labor in the arctic circle . 
  give the illegals 30 days to get lost and just watch as the wave reverses course . 
  securing borders is stupid . 
  to long , to easy to bypass or force . 
  we need defense in debth and these proposals are just that , making sure that there is no incentive for anyone to come here unless they are actually running for their lives . 
  alternatively , the countries that disagree can take the lot of them . 
  i 'm fine with that too . 
  did you know there were 11 cases of bubonic plague in n. america last year . 
  i 'm going to go on a limb here and say it would be objectionable if a large number of people infected with plague just showed up and started spreading it , even though it 's not unheard of . 
  look , i know sending them to you seems wrong , but have a heart . 
  wolves need to eat too . 
  and those same values facilitated the rape of a 15 year old girl . 
  if being civilized means having to accept that sign me up for being a savage . 
  we let them through all the damn time and if they want to fine us , they can go ahead and get in line . 
  the upside of being broke i guess . 
  also , really , fines ? 
  are you slow . 
  compare to the money you save , why would you even care . 
  you say , yes , sure , we 'll pay and then you stall and stall and stall and eventually you make some deal has you paying half . 
  if a country moves in to the direction of too many rules , eventually everyone is a criminal so might as well add inciting revolution to the list . 
  as a country moves toward too many freedoms , it runs in to man 's nature of gaming the system . 
  having the state provide free healthcare , education and other social benefits is ultimately incompatible with open borders , just to name one example . 
  if you have any ideology , any unshakable idea on how people work , reality will eventually punch you in the face . 
  if the answer to the question `` who are we as a people ? '', 
  is n't '' flexible , adaptable and willing to change our minds on anything . '', 
  eventually bad things will happen . 
  send them forward or send them back . 
  it really is that simple . 
  put them on a train north to france or austria and they become their problem . 
  they figure out that they ca n't exactly shoot them ether and sending them back just means you send them forward again , so they too send them forward . 
  the end game is for the germans to realize that they will ether have to take them all in , or kick them all out . 
  that 's what serbia did when they were confronted with this crisis and take it from someone who never once had a single good thing to say about their government , they hit the nail on the head with that plan . 
  lock your borders and you 're a nazi monster . 
  let everyone in an you get swamped . 
  help everyone through , providing emergency care and food and temporary shelter and you 're a humanitarian with minimal downside . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with that . 
  there is absolutely a need for more police to keep the peace . 
  my issue is with the long term solutions , most of which involve heightened surveillance . 
  more importantly , you do n't want police everywhere . 
  if there 's one thing i want to stop more than anything , it 's this being used as a justification for the creation and or extension of the surveillance state . 
  `` we ca n't stop them from coming here , ca n't make them go home , ca n't stop the from commuting crimes but we can put a camera on every corner and monitor what everyone does online , but it has to be everyone or we 'd be racist . '', 
  that wo n't fly , but i guarantee , there are opportunists seeking to do just that while everyone is ether to busy worried about the migrants or the radical right to take notice . 
  i 'm just as free to murder jews all day as long as no one knows about it .
