  people discuss local politics from an american pov . 
  i heard a collage student seriously ask why we were n't inviting representatives of the local black comunity to a pannel on kinority issues . 
  the proffessor asked `` why invite a representatative ? 
  we can invite them all . 
  there are 20ish free seats . 
  that should be enough . '', 
  i heard people argue for abolishing hmo 's and introducing single payer health care ... which we did ... after ww2 . 
  i 've heard people argue for the government stepping in and regulating big oil . 
  the one oil company we have is government run and has been since possibly the austro-hungarian empire was in charge . 
  my generation was all about internalising us entertainment and we thought it was stupid the older generations thought we were losing something by embracing american music , tv and movies . 
  now we 're seeing things go a bit overboard . 
  while the examples listed are by far the most extreme things i heard , the general atitude is shifting towards the us in a very negative way . 
  people know more about the us primaries than local elections . 
  people know which us states are red , blue or swing , but ask them who 's in charge one region over , litteraly a place 30min away by car , and you 'll get blank stares . 
  it was n't just about investing in germany . 
  greece overstepped . 
  all the money germany had came from the us . 
  the marshall plan was also sending money to greece . 
  when the greek government insisted on reparations they were basically asking the americans to pay up twice and that did not go over well . 
  forget where it get 's cut . 
  where does it go ? 
  dealing with the refugee crisis sound well and good but it could mean anything . 
  are we using it for border patrol , deportation , the persecution of human trafficking or are we paying pr companies to tell europeans to stop being racist in 10 different fonts ? 
  numbers are all well and good , but the very first thing my statistics professor ever tough us was that they could lie as well as anything else . 
  he showed us numbers that indicated eating ice cream caused childhood paralysis and rape , but also cured cancer and contributed to overall weight loss . 
  people who arm them selves with numbers are the most dangerous liars . 
  the ones who use true statements and combine them in to a falsehood . 
  true . 
  you also wo n't find them on the left . 
  holy shit , is that real ? 
  because if it is , it supporting nazism better than a swastica . 
  my fucking god . 
  does n't mater where people are from it 's always the same bullshit . 
  `` o , no . 
  our politicians do n't really represent us . 
  yes , we voted them in , yes we 're a democracy and power rests with the people and we 're not being forced to comply at gunpoint , but nothing they do is our fauls . 
  it 's the evil representatives of the people . 
  they lie to us ( because we absolutely refuse to elect anyone telling hard or inconvenient truths ) so really we have no responsibility for anything that happens here . 
  we 're the victims ! '', 
  take some fucking responsibility . 
  your politicias are famous for not representing the voters ? 
  famous where ? 
  when your fucked , you 're fucked because of you , the people , giving power and not holding to account those who you elected to represent you . 
  the same is true for us and everyone else . 
  we , are the ones ultimatly in charge and while someone from say , ukrain can make a decent argument that they really have no power , comming from you guys , that 's a bad joke . 
  getting to know other people , actually seeing that the kumbaya worldview is compleate and utter bullshit increses racism . 
  when reality hits you in the face you overcorrect . 
  if you tell people the truth , that there are some people from these regions that share western values , but most are stubornly opposed to them and fully incompatible , when shit like millions of migrants comming to your borders happens , you can act apropriatly . 
  when you lie and tell people that they 're just like us , only poor and the victims of western racism , you get a lot of initial sympathy , but it rarely survives first contact . 
  if anything , their societal rules are more strict than ours . 
  they think it 's a free for all here and the authorities are doing nothing to dissuade them of that notion . 
  those are single shoot , anti personnel grande launchers . 
  they are not anti tank weapons , we should know , we tried , and they did fuck all against those exact same tanks . 
  no , they have every right to have that attitude in their own countries . 
  no one is denying them that , no one has an issue with them having it their way where they live . 
  it 's when they want to have it their way here , and we let them , that we get an issue . 
  every culture group by necessity has to think their way is better than all others , because if it is n't it 's foolish not to change . 
  i firmly believe our way is best but what you 're supporting is a perversion and mockery of european values . 
  to tolerate those who wo n't even tolerate us here ? 
  it 's absurd . 
  you 're parody of a liberal come to life , actually , seriously arguing that by not letting muslims do what ever they want , our laws and customs be damned , we 're somehow becoming them . 
  wait , wait , wait , wait ? 
  yugoslav war era weapons , shredded old soviet era weapons ? 
  really ? 
  how ? 
  our stuff was old soviet era weapons , and the serbs may have had some good stuff , but we had mostly small arms . 
  as far as heavy weapons go , we were working on 1960 's technology . 
  my father was anti air artillery and they were using 1963 czechoslovakian dual barrel 20mm cannons . 
  the army used ak 's . 
  the artillery had guns from the 1930 's to the 1970 's . 
  our stuff was ancient crap 20 years ago . 
  seriously , who do you think we are ? 
  literally anyone in europe could sell weapons that are better and in far larger quantity and no one has qualms about selling to turkey or saudi arabia , who by the way , have much better stuff than we ever did . 
  we sold guns to the governments that were overthrown by terrorists . 
  the guns may have ended up with them , but that has nothing to do with us . 
  you can blame us on selling weapons to dictators , but this is just nonsense . 
  the irony . 
  the big attack that finally get 's peoples attention is n't going to happen in one of our `` evil , racist '' eastern european countries . 
  it 's going to happen in one of the nice , friendly , open doors and open arms countries and when it happens , it 's going to get blamed on xenophobia , the host country not being welcoming enough , the poverty , lack of education and a feeling of alienation . 
  how ? 
  it shows the system works . 
  so one country can threaten to stop a deal . 
  so what ? 
  the tpp fell through because one guy said fuck it . 
  most trade deals are decided by the whims of a small group of individuals and shortterm political trends . 
  so i ask again , what exactly does it illustrate ? 
  the one that went through ? 
  no , no you could n't . 
  here 's the thing though . 
  you 're not negotiating , your renegotiating . 
  what may seem as a reasnoble ask in a negotiation where we 're starting from zero is utter garbage when we 're starting from somewhere and one side is basically just interested in taking away perks from the other . 
  your offer is to let you have what you already have and to give less than you 've been giving in return . 
  perhaps you feel that this new deal in fair and that you 've been giving to much for what you got , but we disagree . 
  we see a new deal with the terms that you would find acceptable to no longer be of any interest to us . 
  we 're also in a position where saying no and having no deal is an option . 
  we 're both willing and able to walk away from the table with nothing . 
  if you are n't than you made a huge error in judgment when deciding on this course of action . 
  you had a deal that was better than what most eu members had . 
  you rejected that . 
  i would n't bet on getting something better now .
