  to paraphrase hank hill , you 're not making roads better , you 're making solar panels worse . 
  of course they will . 
  it 's called putting them at an angle . 
  this is n't new ground . 
  we 've had solar panels for a while and tonnes of research has been done on how to best place them . 
  at an angle is far better than putting them flat . 
  try googling how to best place a solar panel and the first result is `` optimal tilt of solar panels '' http://www.solarpaneltilt.com/ roads are simply not a good place to put solar panels . 
  you can make a solar panel that can work on a road , but it 's objectively less good than a solar panel that placed to the side of the road at the proper angle to catch the light , while being more expensive ( do to having the extra requirement of being truck proof ) , more prone to damage ( do to said trucks ) , exposed to more regular dirt ( do to being flat vs at an angle ) and to rubber and oil ( back to trucks , cars ect . ), 
  people seem to think this is the equivalent of offshore wind farms . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's the equivalent is building a model wind farm , on the side of a mountain that get 's the least amount of wind . 
  sure , maybe you develop a new windmill that can better use the smaller amount of wind and maybe you make a windmill that 's easier to install on the side of a mountain , but that does n't change the fact that putting it somewhere windy that 's also accessible is just blatantly the better choice . 
  there needs to be at least some kind of upside to doing this and there just is n't . 
  even if you covered every part of the planet except the roads in solar panels , it would still make more sense to put the panels above the roads , rather than on them . 
  why is that important ? 
  what are solar panels currently being exposed to or what do you imagine they are going to be exposed to , that would require them being so durable as to withstand cars and trucks constantly driving over them ? 
  i really ca n't imagine that every other potential atribute of solar panels has been advanced to the point where this is actually worthwhile . 
  basically , why do we need panels that can get run over vs panels that are simply more efficient , lighter , cheaper ect . 
  what 's next ? 
  making deep sea , underwater panels to make use of all that ocean floor ? 
  isis and the rebels are to a large extent the syrian people . 
  they were n't born isis , they were made and experience shows , the first generation might try and play nice , but will also do everything to make sure their kids do not integrate . 
  they 'll welcome sudi money and use it to build mosques and schools where they 'll send their kids and make more isis members . 
  but breivick acted alone . 
  these people have support networks . 
  they actively import toxic ideas because they get money from the saudis if they do . 
  most muslim terrorists are n't crazy . 
  they are n't psychopaths or anti social . 
  they 're soldiers in the army of the enemy . 
  they do n't see them selves as being the good guys because they 're delusional . 
  they see them selves as heroes because the people around them treat them as such . 
  i know it 's not all muslims , but these are n't random acts of violence and should n't be treated as such . 
  bosnia is a unique example of a country in a cold civil war . 
  the principal topic of discussion in primarily catholic hercegovina ( south bosnia ) is the increasing presence and growing influence of the saudis in the muslim parts of bosnia . 
  republika srpska ( east bosnia ) is close to secession . 
  hercegovina is perpetually on the brink of saying fuck it and everyone moving to croatia and the muslim population is slowly being radicalized . 
  having said that , it 's absolute paradise today compared to 20 years ago when we saw the `` model of true yugoslav unity '' turn in to the worst part of the worst clusterfuck on the continent . 
  basically , it would not exactly be in my top 10 examples of harmonious coexistence . 
  they were foreigners that some bleeding heart idiot gave citizenship . 
  sure , frenchmen and belgians commit crimes too , however , they usually are n't in a holy war against the whole of france , belgium and the rest of the western world . 
  they are foreign agents working against their supposed home countries . 
  i ca n't even bring my self to call them traitors since i do n't believe for a second they were ever loyal to begin with . 
  first past the post is kind of irrelevant when you have only 2 options . 
  by definition , being first means you got a majority of the votes . 
  there is not one country in the history of the world where the poor had any real amount of political power . 
  at best you have a changing of the guard where the once poor rise to power , usually through violent means , but the people who stayed poor are still robbed of any influence . 
  arguably , the poor have the most influence in absolute monarchies as the threat of being violently overthrown presents a persistent bargaining chip . 
  in a democracy the poor can most easely be ignored since their legitimate means of being heard is reduced to voting against the party that most recently ignored them in order to give the next one a go at doing the same . 
  people voted for trump and for brexit because they wanted to change the status quo , falsely thinking that `` anything is better than this '' when in reality , this is as good as it gets . 
  the new normal will at best be just as bad if not worse than the old normal . 
  why ? 
  because working for the poor simply makes no sense . 
  everyone else is more influential , more important and more dangerous and because of how democracy works , your bound to never piss of more than 2/3 of the poor before the remaining third jumps to your defense to prove that they belong to the in group and not to these enemies of the nation and people . 
  there is no chance of a fringe group winning and fringe groups did n't win . 
  brexit was popular and within the margin of error at all times . 
  trump ran a republican , one of the two only mayor parties . 
  people simply do n't know how to read polls . 
  when 538 gave trump a 35 % chance to win the night before the election people actually thought and some still think that this meant he was predicted to get 35 % of the vote . 
  in reality , with 35 % of the vote you have a very solid 0 % chance in a two way race . 
  a 35 % chance of victory means you are within 4-5 points of your opponent and you need the margin of error to swing your way , but you 're still close , just not favored . 
  anyone who thinks 1 in 3 is especially poor odds has never played a game of chance . 
  british banks have multiple huge hurdles when it comes to passporting . 
  the biggest being european banks standing to benefit if they do n't get them , which means european bankers will pull every string they have in order to stop it from happening . 
  it 's not like they need to be especially creative . 
  the city of london is in the center of a complex web of tax havens located in crown dominions and oversees territories . 
  all european bankers have to do is make sure politicians consider those when talking about the british financial sector . 
  the city is only a bit cleaner than switzerland and luxemburg , but add the vigin islands and friends in to the mix and you have a cesspool . 
  i remember my grandma reading me the books when i was i kid . 
  is that from a movie adaptation ? 
  notice the slovenian coat of arms . 
  slovenia , the country that 's more austrian than parts of austria . 
  the kid is wearing clothes adopted from austrian clothing during the empire . 
  i really hope it 's satire , because if it 's not it 's beyond insanity . 
  hmm ? 
  where on earth did i claim dragi was absolutly right about anything ? 
  economics falls somewhere between sociology and astrology ( horoscopes , not telescopes ) in terms of being actual science . 
  a renowned economist is one who was smart enough never to make any predictions , rather only doing monday morning quarterbacking , offering advice on how failures that already happened could have been avoided with no way to test the validity of said advice since it 's given after the fact . 
  the whole point of real science is to be able to reliably make accurate predictions . 
  if there expert economists could do that , they would be a whole lot richer than they are . 
  a proof is something you do in mathematics . 
  evidence is what it 's called everywhere else . 
  that said , yup , evidence of a future event obviously ca n't exist . 
  the very huge issue there being that no one can promise any outcome other than a hard brexit . 
  any deal would be subject to change as the governments of member states change . 
  how is this so hard to understand !? 
  they voted for a bad idea , but not for the bad consequences !, 
  that 's how democracy works !, 
  you vote for the outcome and if you do n't get it , it 's just the dumb politicians not doing their job . 
  if you vote to shoot your self in the foot , you obviosly do n't want a whole in your leg . 
  i do n't know how you would do that but i 'm not a politician . 
  they get payed to figure out how to make take a horrible decision and turn it in to a major success . 
  if they do n't , it 's because they want to betray the voter and the spirit of their vote . 
  choice withoubt responsibility is the cornerstone of democracy and anyone who thinks otherwise is a communist muslim !, 
  because uk citizens voted ukip in the eu parliment . 
  who 's to say only pro eu brits take the offer ? 
  why on earth would we ever tolerate foreigners , a mayority of whom are openly against our union to have a voice in it ? 
  the british no longer having any say in eu matters is one of the few bright spots of this whole debacle . 
  you would be surprised but the lettering the sun uses are black with a white rim . 
  this radical new technology allows them to be superimposed over anything and still keep the text legible . 
  like when stalin had pictures of him and people he had executed for treason altered so the `` traitors '' were removed was just layout .
