  the first point is blatantly untrue . 
  while not as big as the us , germany has the same basic composition as is big enough to be a valid comparison and they work just fine with a non stupid system . 
  india , being three times as populous and almost as big also is a fully functional democracy without there needing to be stupid rules like the electoral collage . 
  when the system was invented , the us was n't as big or as populous . 
  it was obviously never meant for a country this size , since the people who made the system did n't know it would be that big , nor did they particularly care . 
  they were of the mistaken opinion that when future generations would adapt . 
  it also , and this is fun , failed miserably at keeping the union in tact . 
  it lasted all of 90 years before having to be put back together with force of arms . 
  there 's simply no reason not to use a non stupid system of electing a president . 
  while it 's true that if things were different the outcome might have been different , but they were n't and it was n't . 
  if by your own admission the system suppresses the vote , thus obfuscating the real will of the people , it really tells us nothing about what the american people actually want . 
  or if it does , it tells us that a majority want both of the peaces of crap running to just please drop dead . 
  because first past the post combined with winner takes all means that any alternative option just robs the candidate you hate least of a vote so an option that is n't utter crap has no chance of ever winning because the bozos in blue and red have a duopoly . 
  and no , you ca n't beat it by voting . 
  the british tried that . 
  12.6 % voted for ukip under the system the us one was based on . 
  they got 1 seat out of 650 . 
  that is , they got no seats , but a member of the conservatives defected . 
  your votes are worthless . 
  your politicians do n't care about you because you have no voice and no power . 
  after every major defeat people talk about how there 'll be major shift within the losing party and they do it every 8 years and every damn time it 's `` the guys in power are shit , let 's stick it to them by voting for the other guys . 
  they 're great because they did n't fuck anything up in a long time '' and it just keeps on spinning . 
  i got a similar reaction to croatia and white people . 
  how are we below 89 % who did they ask to get to that number because our top 5 largest minorities are all white . 
  less than 1 % of the population is n't white so where did they find 10 % that do n't want their kids dating white people . 
  the paper the map is based on says they asked 27.000 people and that the sample was diverse , but it does n't mention how many people they talked to in each country and if the sample was representative . 
  they write a lot about talking to minorities so maybe that 's it . 
  the numbers are scewed in smaller countries do to the minority groups being over represented compared to the population overall . 
  afghanistan is n't an extreme example , it 's one of the few places left that genuanly has a different culture . 
  while every group everywhere wants to think of them selves as unique an special , there are maybe a handful of district cultures currently on the planet . 
  everything is homogenous . 
  everyone listens to the same music , wears the same clothes , basically speaks the same language . 
  everything from food and art to architecture , law , business and education has been condensed in to a few major groups . 
  there are diffences within the major groups , but they 're mostly surface level . 
  if you compare people with similar backgrounds in similar situations in different countries around europe , you find a bunch of similar people . 
  the principal cause of percieved rifts is that people are comparing them selves to others in different circumstances . 
  basically rich countries see them selves as culturally similar to rich countries and dissimilar to poor countries because culture is percieved superficially . 
  it does n't matter that a poor , uneducated person in one country acts much the same as a poor uneducated person in another , simply because one country has more poor uneducated people it will be seen as a country with a culture of poverty and ignorance , reguardless of external factors that may have created the situation . 
  ireland was the poor , uneducated and thus culturally backwards country for centuries . 
  then it becomes rich and presto , now it 's a poster child of western culture . 
  the south of europe was the center of trade , learning and commerce . 
  it was where western culture originated and where it was reborn during the renesanse . 
  then trade shifted away from the med and suddenly everyone 's a lazy bum . 
  circumstances change people and nation 's . 
  having a similar culture means that under similar circumstances , people will act in a similar fashion . 
  the idea that things like wealth are a product of a superior culture are little more than wishful thinking as it allows us to imagine that we could never be poor as it is in our nature to be rich and successful . 
  unlike every other nation or people , ours will stand the test of time , because we 're just that good . 
  in reality could probably clarify a majority of the people on the planet as being part of the `` american but with a twist culture group '' that 's why places like afganistan that are n't part of that overarching group seem like extreme examples . 
  everyone else is making pizza with local toppings and they 're making some sweet rice thing that 's not even pretending to be pizza . 
  that 's mostly the locals fault though . 
  most of the shitty stuff tourists do is against the law . 
  the police could just crack down and as soon as word spreads , that kind of tourist stops comming . 
  a city needs to choose to be a party destination . 
  it needs to decide to be lenient towards people who are there to party and the businesses that serve them . 
  the issue with that however is that party tourists drop insane amounts of money on cheap booze . 
  the culture tourist will spend in a month what the party tourist will spend in a night and the culture tourist will demand quality content or products where as the party tourist will take basically anything he or she is offered . 
  party tourism is such an easy way to make money that it 's near impossible to revert back once your economy adapts . 
  it 's like finding oil . 
  you will get rich , but you wo n't like what it turns your area in to . 
  people are shit at big picture thinking . 
  the second these cities would lose their tourism they would undergo a massive economic downturn that might utterly ruin them . 
  then the same people would start looking for someone else to blame for why they lost their job and businesses are going under left and right . 
  tourism is low work , high return . 
  it 's a very easy way to import huge amounts of cash and it actually distributes said cash far more evenly than most sectors of the economy . 
  the newer train can actually be worse . 
  the ac works if the train is half to 3/4 full , but anythimg byond that pushes it over the limit . 
  it gets really stuffy , really fast . 
  whats worse , if the ac fails , the windows do n't open . 
  he 's saying that elections is how religion gets in to politics . 
  look at the arab spring countries . 
  radical islam had no place in egypt while it was a dictatorship , but became powerful when it stopped being one . 
  that 's one of many issue with universal suffrage , you may want religion to stay out of politics , but your countrymen have just as much say in the matter and they might disagree . 
  democracy is the only system of government that has the means to destroy it self built in as a feature . 
  no matter how you look at it , that 's a problem . 
  obviosly , the people getting lost at sea were brilliant minds ahead of their time . 
  apparently i was wrong . 
  the thing is a waste of time and money . 
  if the point is to get idiots to pay attention it obviously failed since if you had payed attention you would know they were dying out at sea , not on the beaches . 
  that 's kind of the whole point . 
  nature really does always find a way . 
  no , no . 
  i 'm sorry you 're not overy bright , lack any sense of humor and have skin so thin it puts paper to shame . 
  i 'm sorry for the people around you and all those who 's lives you made that little bit worse just by opening your mouth . 
  i really am deeply sorry . 
  which part of `` these kinds of psa 's work and are saving lives as we speak '' do you not understand . 
  no one reads regular safety notices , they tried your way and it does n't work . 
  the very fact that you 're here talking about it if proof positive that this method raises awareness by making even the most thick headed of dumb-demb pay attention . 
  of course you would do it your way . 
  you 're not particularly bright and the concept of using a joke to get people to pay attention would never occurre to you , but even someone as simple as you has to understand that you 're arguing with success . 
  this is n't a proposal . 
  this is something the service is doing right now and there have been zero complaints about guests not getting it and a bunch of praise for it from your less inbred countrymen and women . 
  while i 'm sure you 're snowflake sensibilities will take a few months to fully heal from the luftmadrac incident , please understand that the people you were attacking are saving lives , where as you are simply a waste of space . 
  and i know for a fact that you 're in no position to criticize a program that successfully saves the lives of your idiot countrymen and yet here you are . 
  two points : a ) you are a nobody and your resentment means nothing b ) it 's not laziness , it 's a joke that 's supposed to make the psa get shared on social media , which it did ( as much as it pains me that this means a certain number of you and your kind might avoid your well deserved natural selection ), 
  the first one would n't be understood by any non native speaker , the second would n't be understood by most native english speakers , the third and fourth one are just plain confusing . 
  thing is , the guests here , including brits , really like these psa 's . 
  they are universally popular and get massive attention on social media which has caused a measurable decrease in the accidents it 's trying to prevent . 
  it works . 
  that 's the end all , be all . 
  you can have an opinion on the matter , but just know that it 's objectively wrong .
