  why did no one think to make it illegal to blatantly redraw them in order to marginalize the other party . 
  they legalized fixing elections . 
  it is legal , in the united states to openly and with intent redraw congressional districts in a way that all but guarantees their party never loses an election , and thus always get 's to redraw the districts . 
  oh , and the senate can block the president form appointing a supreme court justice for ever and the congressional majority can state that 's it 's principal goal is sabotaging the executive . 
  and the executive can pass all kinds of executive orders that bypass the legal authority of the legislative and the courts are free to interprete laws in any way they choose , regardless of implied or even expressed intent of their authors . 
  but other than that . 
  the candidate that won the vote lost the election . 
  the party that 's currently running congress lost the last congressional election by a lot . 
  it 's not insulting , it 's fact . 
  you 're not a strong democracy , not even remotely . 
  you can legally redraw congressional districts for the express purpose of giving your party an advantage . 
  your senate can block the president from appointing a supreme court justice and do so indefinitely . 
  your congressional majority expressly stated that it 's goal was to make sure the executive could get nothing done , the congress that has one third the popular support of king george during the height of the american revolution . 
  please , please enlighten me , how exactly are you even remotely a strong democracy ? 
  how are you a stronger democracy than us ? 
  than anyone ? 
  but they did n't . 
  the point is n't that a run off could have a different result . 
  it 's that he won , and won by a lot , while actually losing the vote . 
  that should n't be something that 's even remotely possible . 
  the system is objectively stupid . 
  there is no , and i do mean absolutely no reason for the electoral collage to exist and more importantly , even if it did exist , having the plurality candidate in a state get all that states votes is moronic to an incredible degree . 
  `` oh , it 's so the candidates ca n't just focus on big cities and big states '' they still focus on big cities and big states , it 's just that non swing states do n't count . 
  if texas , california and new york ever join florida in being purple , the rest of the us no longer exists . 
  a candidate , hell this candidate could lose by millions of votes and still win the election . 
  why ? 
  why on earth would you ever have an election system where that 's possible ? 
  why first past the post ? 
  if you do n't want run off elections because it 's to expensive , sue alternative voting and have people rank the candidates . 
  you essentially banned third parties from ever playing a serious role and allowed a popular third party candidate to screw the people who voted for them by helping the candidate they like less to win . 
  why on earth are congressional districts subject to being redrawn ? 
  why are there no rules in place to make sure the redrawn districts actually represent the population ? 
  why is it legal to blatantly redraw the district to marginalize the opposing party ? 
  all the questions are rhetorical , because i know why . 
  because at one point there were good reasons for these systems to be in place and the smart , educated , practical men of the day were certain that once they were no longer relevant , they would be done away with or altered to fit the contemporary needs of the country . 
  then they ended up being terribly , terribly wrong . 
  now the us has a system that closely resembles frankenstein 's monster , only instead of being stitched together from the corpses of men , it 's stitched together from the rotting remnants of long obsolete laws . 
  you 're horders . 
  you hoard useless old crap and have a meltdown when someone try 's to tell you that you have a problem and you need to get rid of it . 
  and the voted democratic and peoples appears prominently in the official title of n. korea . 
  does n't make it ture . 
  the us was n't a union of states since the civil war , and even before that the individual states were autonomous mostly do to the huge size of the country compared to it 's population making centralized government next to impossible . 
  the wast majority of the states were created whole cloth . 
  they had no history or identity , or even a relevant permanent population . 
  they were land . 
  the eu consists of actual countries which require slightly different rules . 
  more importantly however was that you compared the election of a large legislative body with hundreds of seats to a presidential election where only one person can win which is silly on the face of it . 
  it 's not debatable . 
  it 's utter trash . 
  it was n't built with the us of the 21st century in mind , or the 20th or the latter half of the 19th for that matter . 
  even if for some insane reason we were to accept that the idea of an electoral collage is n't a pointless leftover from a bygone era , there is no , and i do mean absolutely no justification for states ( excluding nevada and main ) to be winner take all . 
  oh , hilary had one more supporter than trump in california ? 
  all of california is unanimously for clinton !!!, 
  there is no debate , no discussion , no valid argument to be made . 
  if we forgot how voting worked and had to make up new systems tomorrow and then every day until the end of time , it would take about never for someone to invent the electoral collage . 
  it 's random junk that just got stapled on over time . 
  there is no reason behind it , just people that look at it try to retroactively impose some kind of order on to it . 
  maybe if you squint your eyes , tilt your head and look just right , you might see a picture of a whale . 
  that 's a legislative body . 
  by definition , you can never make it truly proportional , plus , since the votes within the individual countries are still proportional , if we ever get to fully organized pan european parties , the fact that someone would still have to get a large majority in malta to take all the seats dulls the effect a lot . 
  we do n't have fist past the post and we do n't have winner take all and we defiantly do n't have an electoral collage stealing people 's votes and giving them to to the other candidate , simply because their neighbors preferred them . 
  by every conceivable metric our system is better . 
  and by better i mean it 's good , vs the us system that was outdated about 2 years before the horse drawn carriage . 
  it was n't . 
  he was elected because his voters were better distributed . 
  that 's it . 
  he could have lost the vote by another 10 million votes and he still might have won . 
  he won because the us election system is stupid . 
  but it did n't fart in the right direction . 
  she got more votes . 
  trump won by a very large margin , while not having a plurality , let alone a majority of the vote . 
  you voted for 3 different democrats to be president since 2000 . 
  only 1 actually got to be . 
  the last time a noncombatant republican won the vote was 1988 . and yet here we have it , the second republican to take office in 16 years without a popular mandate . 
  i 've seen a million different opinions on why hillary lost the election , but for some reason the very obvious one . 
  trumps voters were better distributed . 
  it was n't even close . 
  bush v gore was 271 v 266 , about as close a margin as you can get . 
  this was very one sided and trump could have lost by millions of votes and he still would have won by a lot , as long as those votes were n't lost where it counted . 
  who ? 
  i 'm genuinely asking . 
  i know the british have it , but they do n't really count since they 've always been more over there than over here , but who else ? 
  they have first past the post and winner take all in congressional elections as well . 
  that 's why it 's very rare for someone who 's not a rep or dem to win a seat . 
  edit : winner take all of course is a given since there 's only one seat, 
  first . 
  people who do n't vote , do n't count . 
  second . 
  if everyone was forced to vote for someone , given the utter lack of enthusiasm for clinton it 's not hart to imagine that a majority of the stay at home crowd would lean towards her . 
  third . 
  the very fact that it 's possible for someone to lost the vote and win the election is insane . 
  it happened . 
  twice in 16 years . 
  i really do n't care why it happened . 
  it can and it did and a `` well maybe it would have been different if everyone showed up '' means nothing to me or anyone else . 
  that 's not the part that people have objections too . 
  it 's basically impossible to get full proportionality with any reasonably sized body , however , the big difference is that we nether implement first past the post nor winner takes all . 
  each country has a number of seats and these are filled proportionately , again , to the extent that it 's possible . 
  as chocolate lover who 's tried a lot of it from around the world , i can freely say that it was quite good . 
  not top tier , but solid middle of the road european chocolate which puts it solidly in the global top 25 % as far as chocolate kings go , i have to mention northern italy .
