  calling them illegal immigrants is at least partially true for all of them and fully true for some , since even the people who were refugees when they left syria , arguably lost the right to be called that when they passed through multiple european countries . 
  they are , as was anyone who though that about the us . 
  anyone who thinks there 's some magical la-la land anywhere in the world where you get your hearts desire just for showing up is an idiot and it makes no difference if that person is from an information age or a stone age society . 
  this particular brand of fool is as old as time , but so are level headed people who do n't buy in to nonsense . 
  you get no sympathy for getting hit in the head by reality . 
  we 're not talking well off russians . 
  rich russians are ungodly rich and get to have and do things even the richest people in europe can only imagine . 
  at a certain level of wealth you can do litteraly anything . 
  it 's the same cycle over and over . 
  jackboots going up . 
  fluffy slippers coming down . 
  when the people in charge were nobles and the most valuable currency was prestige we had huge , continent spanning wars . 
  citizens were armed , trained and pitted against one another . 
  the wars ended , the armed , trained and pissed off citizens said enough is enough and we had peace and prosperity . 
  a new elite comes along that was formed by money . 
  they start pacifying the people . 
  armies are elite professionals loyal to the powers that be instead of your friends , neighbors and family . 
  we are put under constant surveillance and are constantly given little social conflicts to piss us off but have us pointed at each other . 
  eventually everything we built in peace will get ruined by war . 
  the survivors will be stronger but live again in want . 
  things will get better , people softer and then back to square one . 
  or to put it differently , there will always be crime . 
  it 's the price of living with any larger number of people . 
  as long as the number of crimes is low and falling and police are arresting a relevant number of perpetrators , there really is nothing to protest about . 
  crime happens , crime is punished , fewer crimes happen . 
  bad for the individual affected by the crime , but we have institutions that help them and as a society we get to be happy everything is good and getting better . 
  now things are no longer getting better . 
  things are getting worse . 
  no shit no one cared about rape when the numbers were going down . 
  whatever needed to happen was obviously happening . 
  now numbers are going up . 
  people care when things are getting worse . 
  not really something that should surprise anyone . 
  especially true when you add in the fact that the nye sexual assaults were n't some random incident the right could point too . 
  it was the exact thing we were saying was going to happen . 
  we said that women , homosexuals and jews are going to be unsafe . 
  lo and behold , women are n't safe , jews are leaving in record numbers and it 's only a matter of time before there 's an incident at a pride event or something similar . 
  the overall number of rapes has been going down , while the definition of what constitutes rape has widened . 
  our society is safe , peaceful and prosperous , and while we are certainly not problem free we are at the historic pinnacle of quality of life . 
  what we see here is a person that took a real problem and in her rethoric inflated it . 
  she did it so oftain she became convinced that the problem really was as bad as she described . 
  now people come along that are absolutely as bad as the caricatures she invented so to her , it looks all the same . 
  i do n't have a german passport and i live in a former communist country . 
  government officials being assholes is par for the course and while being a muslim in europe is n't fun , people from the far east seem to have no such issues . 
  for some odd reason , being muslim anywhere is n't fun , least of all in muslim countries . 
  i 'm seeing a common denominator and hint , hint , it 's not german officials . 
  again , of course they are n't all bad people , but they absolutely do help the bad ones by ether actually sheltering them or by not reporting them . 
  some retroactively distance them selves from those who commit atrocities that make headlines but proactive action if almost non existent . 
  no other immigrant group is causing a fraction as many problems as they are , and the new arrivals will only galvanize the second and third generation immigrants . 
  no one invited them . 
  they are n't needed for anything . 
  low paying jobs ? 
  half the eurozone is willing and able to do that low paying job . 
  a third of spain , half of greece and most of eastern europe has a very bleak outlook . 
  where exactly do the resources to make this never ending wave of new arrivals comfortable come from ? 
  they want to be rich or upper middle class . 
  even if we could make them working class , and we ca n't because they ca n't communicate and have no marketable skills , they would still be pissed , because a nice apartment and car is what they want just for being here . 
  they 're the uninvited guest that you let in because he told you he had nowhere to go , but is yelling at you two days later for having to sleep on the couch while you have a real bedroom . 
  we 're not talking minor difficulties . 
  we 're not talking about minor clashes of culture . 
  do you know any other minority group that , after three generations , turns to organized murder and rape by the thousands ? 
  i do n't . 
  no one does that . 
  no other immigrant group in history , no matter how mistreated ( and these people absolutely were not misstreated ) ever resorted to that . 
  there is no amount of good will and effort that can fix that . 
  the good individuals can be saints and it would n't change the fact that the community is detrimental to us and any poor soul that finds it self in their way when they have another damn tantrum . 
  they do n't have to all be bad . 
  the so called good ones will band together and make sure the molesters and rapists can do those things in freedom . 
  the muslim communities in europe have always protected their own , have always perpetuated a culture of hate . 
  hell , the 20,000 or so isis fighters from europe all grew up here , but grew up in that toxic cesspool . 
  these communities raised 20,000 murderers , rapists and slave mongers and they were the ones that had things like jobs , knowledge of the language , a future , and they throw that away to go kill and rape . 
  in what fantasy world do you think these people , who have none of that , who have next to no chance of making it in europe , who will , without a shadow of a doubt transform in to an angry , resentful underclass , wo n't spawn a whole new generation of those monsters . 
  do you have any idea how many people there are in the world that need help , who are n't assholes , who do n't hate the west and everything it stands for , who would likely benefit all man kind if they received a tenth of the help and attention these people are getting ? 
  in business there exists the 10:90 rule . 
  10 % of your customers will demand 90 % of your attention . 
  they will rob it from the 90 % who are friendly and forthcoming by being mean , and rude and loud . 
  that 's them , the 10 % who come here and slam their fists at the door and make demands and yell and shout , while the 90 % many of whom are the very people we 're supposedly helping , are rotting in camps in the middle east or are living in a war zone , or are being used as prostitutes or rape toys in the refugee centers here . 
  i say to hell with them , let them rot , and i 'll mend my guilty convenience by helping people who do n't call my friend a whore because she has the audacity of being a bosnian muslim with a job , life and future . 
  we laugh , because he 's wrong . 
  it 's a bit like one person saying `` my hair is ruined , this is the worst day ever . '', 
  and `` my family just died in a fire , this is the worst day ever . '', 
  one of these two is wrong . 
  you get to laugh at them , the other might have a point so a different approach is probably a good idea . 
  this is n't america . 
  the people coming in are n't poor migrant workers . 
  the people saying this is a problem are not donald trump . 
  it 's not that they want a better life , it 's how they want to go about getting that better life . 
  the people mentioned in the article , the ones demanding a free apartment , car and well paying job . 
  the ones who want something for nothing , who think europe 's wealth grows on trees and how dare we not give them some now that they 're here . 
  in addition to wanting our stuff , they demand adjustments from the locals . 
  they get to treat women like they treated them at home and who are we to tell them they ca n't . 
  i 'll trade the americans 10 poor , hard working mexicans and other latin americans for every one of these people they take . 
  those people deserve a break , someone to help them reach their potential . 
  i want to give a better life to the people who are willing to work in the alabama summer heat picking croops for 5 $ an hour just so their kids might get to go to school . 
  i do n't believe in handing out a better life on a first come first serve basis . 
  not to mention the masses of unemployed , highly educated spaniards , greeks , poles , slovaks , colage graduates with excellent language skills ready to work in germany . 
  if there was a shortage it would have been filled in a heartbeat . 
  hey , you know what , let 's just start ww3 , for old times sake . 
  if the goal is to fuck up our countries to the point where immigrants wo n't want to come , might as well get a few good movies out of it . 
  the situation is a bit more complicated .
