  there was no plan because the brilliant minds that make up the british electorate decided that asking for a plan up front , from anyone , the government , the opposition , the leave champagne , was all to much of a bother . 
  why vote for a well thought out proposal ? 
  that 's something an expert would do . 
  a real brit thinks with their gut and votes with their gut , and the gut says that planning is for pansies !, 
  yes , what kind of brain dead idiot would decide to leave the eu without having a plan ? 
  claims the guy the article was about . 
  granted the dm is not the best of sources , but your citing the guy they were accusing . 
  he 's claiming it 's deformation , that he was talking historically rather than in present day terms . 
  that might be true , but he might be trying to cover his ass and geniuses like your self are simply taking his word at face value . 
  news flash , a radical imam living in the west probably is n't going to admit he supposed sex slavery . 
  i think we need to go in the oposite direction with no 5 . 
  the terrorists and their sympathisers , as you correctly pointed out , have their own networks and while we can shut down the mainstream ones , they can certainly make new , more obscure ones . 
  if we say nothing , they get to paint as flattering a picture as they want . 
  what i would do is post as much unflattering , embarrassing and generally mean stuff as i could find . 
  they wet the bed until they were twelve , they had erectile dysfunction , they liked really wierd porn . 
  absolutely anything you could dig up . 
  make damn sure everyone sees them as a pathetic laughing stock . 
  use a still frame from when they were singing drunk karaoke . 
  show a reaction video of their parents seeing all their proverbial dirty laundry . 
  basically , give them the reality tv celebrity treatment . 
  unleash the tabloids . 
  they want to be remembered , let people remember them as the guy with the cyst on his ass . 
  we have the big , the really big guns when it comes to the media and we need to use that aggressively . 
  you have a great point mr. 1960 's man . 
  i 'm sure that our efforts to educate and integrate these people in to our society will bear fruits and i believe the fears that third generation immigrants would walk away and join an islamic murder/slave cult in the middle east by the thousands is highly overblown . 
  credible is the wrong word . 
  russia is huge , aggressive and has already snatched up large chunk of a neighboring country . 
  it 's a credible threat . 
  what you should be asking is if it 's likely the russians will invade . 
  the answer to that one is that no , it 's not very likely , but it still falls firmly in the realm of things that not only could happen , but things you would be negligent not to be prepared for . 
  forget attitudes and consider that there are girls here in europe who 's parents are telling them , wear this or we 're kicking you out of the house and if anyone asks , you tell them it 's by choice . 
  every woman who wares one by choice is acting as an accomplice . 
  the women and girls who do n't want to wear it are one of us . 
  those who do are one of them and those who would pressure anyone to wear that nonsense are our enemy . 
  i for one am not willing to sacrifice any one of us , just so they they wo n't be inconvenienced . 
  if europeans ca n't guarantee that one of our own wo n't be oppressed in broad daylight , day after day , then who the hell are we ? 
  no one who 's not from eastern europe wants to live here because it 's a tough existance at the best of times . 
  honestly , it takes a special kind of fucked up personality to send people here . 
  at best they 're condemened to poverty and misery with no prospects or future and at worst , i do n't think there 's a bottom for at worst . 
  there 's litteraly nothing , nothing at all for an uneducaited foreigner who ca n't even speek the language to do . 
  they ca n't even beg on the streets because the gypsies will use force to push them off their turf . 
  the us . 
  i read somewhere that the us spends so much , they could divide their budget 10 ways and have the have the 10 best funded military 's in the world . 
  the us airforce is the largest air force on the planet which most people know . 
  what they do n't is that the second largest air force on the planet is the us navy . 
  they spend a lot is what i 'm trying to say . 
  you will see ronal regan rise from the grave in neon pink wedding dress to marry barack obama before greece will join turkey . 
  turkey is the reason why greece has the second highest military budget in nato adjusted for population . 
  which does n't really matter . 
  continental europe does n't need a global hub , just a european one . 
  doing business with other countries through england was always risky long term since any foreign country could order that all business with them be done domestically or not at all . 
  london was always merely convenient rather than necessary . 
  a fact we would very much like to change . 
  for instance , anyone who does n't have to publically admit that they 've insulted so many world leaders that apologizing individually is not really possible . 
  they get their propaganda from other sources , and the attacks just get bunched up . 
  the guy in the you tube video might even tell them that it 's so easy to pull off , even a few european crazies did it without anyone stopping them until it was to late . 
  there 's litteraly nothing wrong with having more than 2 four year terms . 
  the very concept of term limits for the executive is a bit silly since a corrupt head of state can circumvent term limits with ease , while in countries that work , all you 're doing is fireing the best , most experienced person for the job . 
  maybe some kind of term limit is in order , but 2x4 is just to short . 
  it really should be 2x5 or even 2x6 or maybe even 1x7 because realistically , a single 7 year term lest a president govern far more than 8 years with a reelection champagne in the middle . 
  hey , if you 're up for it , we could get the gang back together and bash the ottomans , for old times sake . 
  no they do not . 
  they want the colonial twilight approach of limited engagement , pinpoint bombings , special forces , safe zones ect . 
  us getting serious means dividing the middle east in to quadrants and systematically destroying all forms of life and all means to support life from each one , one square mile at a time . 
  we absolutely can kill them all . 
  we can kill them all 100 times over . 
  we can scrub every trace of the existence of islam of muslims from the face of the earth and it would n't even be especially difficult . 
  hell , 800 years ago , the mongols already demonstrated how you do it . 
  destroy a city , come back in a few days and kill off all the survivors . 
  come back in a year and kill all the new settlers . 
  poison all but a few wells . 
  have ambushes waiting at the safe wells . 
  kill all the live stock , burn all the fields . 
  deny the enemy the ability to live of the land , deny anything the ability to live off the land . 
  hurl diseased bodies in to a city , then let a portion of the inhabitants escape to rejoin and infect their countrymen . 
  it took the near east , iraq for an example , until the late 20th century to get back to pre mongol levels . 
  afghanistan still has n't recovered . 
  they want a fight they can win . 
  what they 're provoking is a fight they really do n't want to have . 
  genocidal europe is the europe that said all quiet on the western front on a day when 3000 men lost their lives , because 3000 men was nothing . 
  their terror becomes laughable when compared to what we are capable of doing our selves . 
  their methods of guerrilla fighting do nothing if our goal is ever to simply salt the earth and be done with them . 
  they exist solely because we allow it . 
  do to our so called enlightened benevolence , their barbarism was allowed to thrive . 
  if they push us enough , they will learn that deep down we are ten times the monsters they think we are . 
  and because we 're not aggressively deporting everyone who is n't in immediate , desperate need of help , everyone get 's screwed . 
  that 's what happens when high and mighty ideals clash with practical realities . 
  reality always wins . 
  it 's fair share is all of them , or at least most of them . 
  the options are taking them in or sending them back . 
  redistribution is out of the question . 
  no one is willing to be the dumping ground for the dregs germany deems unprofitable or dangerous . 
  and would n't happen without austria 's say so anyway . 
  over half a million people went through croatia . 
  everyone was given the option to seek asylum . 
  exactly one women and her daughter took us up on the offer . 
  they 're doing fine , btw . 
  this is stupid for two very important reasons . 
  first , women who earned their jobs will have to prove them selves all over again to show that yes , they did get the job based on merit rather than some silly quota . 
  second , it 's harmful .
