  i think you 're misreading the situation . 
  it 's not about blame , it 's about greece fundamentally refusing to change where it counts . 
  the systematic eradication of corruption is essential for greece and will take at least a decade . 
  it should have started back in '08 but rather than make changes very painful in short term along side a very strict cleaning of their house , they made cuts that were the least painful at the time , but that are currently birding them in the ass , and the refusal to deal with corruption is killing the country . 
  europe has proven it 's willingness to help those who help them selves . 
  this is why you had to mention eastern europe when citing countries that are coming down on greece . 
  countries that got with the program are naturally suspect of those who refuse to change being enabled . 
  simply put , giving greece unconditional money would be like doing the same for an addict . 
  i firmly believe that if greece was debt free by act of god tomorrow , they would be in this same hole in 10 years time , because nothing has changed since they got in to this mess . 
  greece needs fixing , but the rest of europe has more than enough problems on it 's own . 
  spending resources on a people fighting with all their might to keep things the way they are , while neglecting those nations doing everthing to try and improve would be lack of leadership . 
  europe will not stand if a national temper tantrum is enough to force others to abandon good policy . 
  based on what ? 
  who in their right mind would accept the drachma ? 
  if you make a new currency with the express goal of devaluing it , no is going to swap it for real money at face value . 
  i 'm not even talking about international markets . 
  you would n't be able to buy anything more expensive than groceries in greece because no one in greece ( or anywhere else ) wants money that 's scheduled to lose value while loosing it on it 's own . 
  people would take as much cash as they could and hide it in foreign banks , or they would buy appliances , or goods that hold value . 
  all of that is money leaving greece . 
  every greek company producing for the greek market ( assuming it needs any imported good or material ) goes under . 
  industries that export but need foreign raw materials might live , but a single bad quarter might wipe them out . 
  tourism does n't become cheaper . 
  hotel owners and others catering to foreigners are not going to take a massive cut in profits just to help other sectors by keeping more money in the pockets of tourists . 
  since they 'll also want tourists to pay in euros , they 'll just skip on the receipt adding to the tax evasion problems . 
  only industries that do n't need any imports and are export focused , like olive oil , will see a benefit , and that would be no where close to making up for the losses incurred everywhere else . 
  finally , a quick recovery would only be possible if greece had a money problem . 
  it does n't . 
  greece has a corruption problem , politicians buying votes with unfinanciable social programs , people not paying taxes , government agencies taking bribes to not enforce tax laws ... that lead to greece not having any money . 
  if greece found out tomorrow a long lost super rich relative died and it inherited enough money to pay off it 's debts in full , i would be shocked if greece was n't back in the red by 2020 . 
  why would they . 
  even after losing `` everything '' they still have way too much to lose to risk it all . 
  you would get a `` yep , sounds about right '' corruption is the second largest part of the russian economy , right behind oil , and might be bigger than oil if prices stay low . 
  even the biggest russian patriot is under no illusion that his state is littered with corrupt assholes on every level . 
  fun fact , do n't mess with texas is meant to be taken literally . 
  it was the slogan for a champagne from the 1970 's that was fighting against people throwing trash out of their cars , literally warning people not to make a mess in texas . 
  on a serious note , on the day of the sandy hook shooting , a man in china went in to a pre school/kindergarten with a knife and stabbed around 20 kids . 
  none of them died . 
  that cuts were made based on how popular or unpopular they would be , rather than long term economic viability . 
  the goal is , was and always will be for greece to pay back the money that was borrowed . 
  tell me this , is every single person that 's working for the greek government necessary or are there still useless seat warmers that got the job through a relative or friend getting a pay check ? 
  if there are , you did n't do enough . 
  is every person that 's getting a pension really eligible , or are there still people mooching of the system ? 
  if there are , you did n't do enough . 
  are there still people evaiding taxes ? 
  are the people in charge of collecting taxes still taking bribes to let the evaders get away ? 
  ok , so maybe doing all of that is unreasonable . 
  getting all of them is next to impossible , but you got most , right ? 
  many ? 
  a few ? 
  how many protests were there against the people bleeding greece dry from the inside vs protests against the people giving you their hard earned money to try and stop greece from going to hell ? 
  you remember how i said the goal is to get the money back ? 
  that was a lie . 
  no one has any illusions about ever seeing any significant amount ever come back . 
  a very small number of people genuinely wants greece to get back on it 's feet and they believe the money plus necessary cuts will do that . 
  most people just want the bleeding to stop . 
  the goal is to make sure you do n't ask for more money ... again . 
  like what ? 
  obvious problems that did n't require money like starting to harshly pursue corruption were n't even attempted . 
  no cuts was the system that put greece in this mess so that seems like a bad idea . 
  what 's the plan ? 
  it 's not really reasonable to want other peoples money and yes , it 's people , not faceless entities footing the bill , and not have a plan other than spend it all on programs the country ca n't afford . 
  the point of austerity is n't punishment . 
  it 's forcing cuts in areas the state ca n't afford to spend money on . 
  the idea that if only the debt went away everything would be fine is wrong . 
  greece will need to borrow money almost immediately and even if someone actually lent it and if they did so with terms that are n't extortionist , what exactly has changed since the pre crash days . 
  how is this time going to be different ? 
  would you sell something of yours for drachma ? 
  money is a promise , one that i 'm not sure greece can keep . 
  who outside of greece is going to accept payment in their new currency ? 
  who inside greece is going to sell goods for anything other than euros ? 
  who in their right mind is going to accept money that was made with the express goal of being inflated in to near worthlessness ? 
  normally getting foreigners on board is the hard part , but people in greece have euros and have bean using them a very long time now . 
  after the dinar inflated in yugoslavia , people started using german marks for any large purchase . 
  they did n't quit the habbit for 20 years ( at least in croatia ) and that change only happened do to the kuna being stable for a decade . 
  the government could n't get people to use the new stable currency in favor of a foreign one . 
  in greece the government is going to have to get people to abandon real money , capable of purchasing goods and services almost anywhere in the world ( or being exchanged for local money at a fair rate ) in favor of cash meant to lose it 's value . 
  only people getting payed out of the government coffers are going to go along with this and even they 'll cheat their way out of it if possible . 
  they might as well abolish pensions for all the good the new currency is going to do pensioners . 
  greece still is n't going to be as cheap as eastern europe , just as if not more corrupt , far more unstable , and on a downward trajectory . 
  the benefits of introducing a new currency make sense on paper but in the real world massive change really works like it should . 
  what the government plans to do is textbook but in practice , the even if they do everything even if they manage to do everything right they are at significant risk of failing . 
  because it 's a give and take . 
  give money , get reforms , give debt relief , get more reforms . 
  greece has been taking but not really giving . 
  without a number of fundamental changes the money is just gone and you know what , if that was the end of it , fine , europe can take greece defaulting on all it 's debt , but as things stand , even if greece had no debt and instead of a default it was given full debt relief , they 'd be in the same hole they are now in a decade tops . 
  the people would demand going back to a pre crash standard of living , the government would again borrow like crazy to meet the demands ( maybe even more than before since interest rates would be low ) and then we need to bail them out again . 
  the worst thing is , if the creditors give in to greece , the nation 's that actually went through with reforms now feel like morons . 
  their voters will also want an end to austerity and a debt haircut . 
  greece defaulting is bad but , nothing compared to the same thing happening to portugal and spain or god forbid , italy . 
  no , they just do n't think it will happen . 
  they think the situation ca n't get worse but do n't seem to understand , as bad as things are now , it 's nothing compared to how bad things can get . 
  the creditor nation 's want austerity because it 's the only way too show the taxpayers giving their hand earned money too people half way across the continent , that they are n't dumping it in to a bottomless pit . 
  basically , if greece can pay back the loans , no one cares how lavish or austere policies are . 
  to reform greece in a fundamental way , the creditor nation 's would need to act as quasi occupiers , fire everyone who works in the government , hire people they can trust , start going after everyone for every illegal activity , punish them harshly , make sure the greek parliament does n't change the laws or grant amnesties ... point is , this is something greece has to do for it self . 
  a society where corruption is the norm has to decide it wants to get rid of it and then zealously pursue the course or else stand by and watch as everything goes to hell . 
  here 's what i firmly believe . 
  if tomorrow someone gave greece all the money needed to pay back every debt , as a gift , no strings , by 2020 . we 'd be right back here . 
  new loans would be taken to pay for a reversal to pre crash greece . 
  all the corruption and all the inefficiencies would eat up all the gains because greece does n't want to change . 
  bailing out greece feels a lot like bailing out an addict .
