  all the blacklist tax havens in the caribbean like the caymans are british overseas territories and they 're all funneling money back to the city of london . 
  when asked , parliament will claim that the territories make their own decisions and are mostly independent from london , but when they try and pass legislation that might endanger the racket , they have no issues with direct intervention . 
  as long as you have water , that 's not all that difficult . 
  it 's not nothing if you do n't walk or run a lot , but almost anyone can do it . 
  if you read on you 'll notice that i specifically state that ultimately , people mostly voted for centrist parties and that this should be the take away . 
  the social democrats and the christian democrats have had no issues working together in the past clearly showing that they generally agree , even if they differ on certain policies , and the same is true for the free democrats and the greens . 
  especially when you consider that the greens , the radical left and the center left are all ahead of them . 
  what this tells me is that berlin is a city that is politically very much left of center , with the right wing parties barely representing a third of the population . 
  more importantly however is that centrist parties represent almost 3/4 of the voters , while the radicals are slightly above 25 % . 
  it 's basically as uninterested as it get 's . 
  most people like the way things are but would also like things tweaked a bit . 
  the most important graph is the one showing possible coalitions . 
  the fact that the very first bar shows the spd and cdu together ( to demonstrate that they do n't have enough seats to govern alone ) , while none of the combination even acknowledges the afd , while the much smaller fdp get 's mentioned twice tells you everything you need to know . 
  the center parties have no issue working together and are actually potentially open to working with the far left , but wo n't so much as touch the far right . 
  given that , the 12,5 % become far less impressive . 
  because the eu did it in a short span of time . 
  because in spite of being a big fan of diplomatic history , i have no knowledge of any negotiation delayed this long , let alone for a year or longer , because the side that 's supposed to start talks has no one to represent it . 
  do n't pretend like this is in any way normal . 
  it 's not . 
  there is no team , there is no set agenda , there 's no indication that anything at all is happening . 
  this stuff simply does not take this long unless there 's something seriously wrong happening in the background . 
  if that were the case , we would already have the names . 
  also , i 'm somewhat certain that this would be the job of a lifetime and demand a huge sum . 
  that is , unless the people capable of doing the job are refusing to do it . 
  i never understood that line of thinking . 
  yes , picking a good negotiator is important , but unless one is getting grown in a test tube , or they 're doing a season of britain 's got negotiating talent , then there 's a short list of qualified people . 
  the people doing the job are still constrained by parliament . 
  they do n't have magical powers . 
  they can present an offer , receive an offer and compromise on certain details , but the people making the major decisions were elected last year . 
  in politics , there 's no difference . 
  you get banned from public places that anyone can just walk in to . 
  you get banned from entering a night club . 
  in high level politics , invites do n't get lost in the mail , people are n't forgotten and there 's no such thing as informal in the colloquial sense . 
  formal meetings are more likely than not to be foregone conclusions , the decisions hammered out long before and if you 're not invited , it 's because you 're not getting a say in what 's being discussed . 
  this is a double edged sword . 
  if the uk waits and the world says `` we 'll wait and see '' that 's leverage for the eu because we know we can push , because they 're waiting to see if the uk can get a good deal . 
  if the world decides it does n't care about the uk and does something like japan did when they clearly spelled out that unless basically nothing changed they were leaving , that 's a disaster . 
  forget leverage , from that position you can basically demand capitulation . 
  the only good outcome is the uk getting huge amounts of support . 
  giving huge amounts of support may not be very politically opportunistic do to both the us and china really wanting a trade deal with the eu , and china and the us having a huge amount of influence over the two countries most likely to stand by the uk , australia and canada . 
  time gives clarity , that 's true , but it 's only a benefit if it becomes clear that the uk 's position is strong , if it 's not , you 're running the clock while being down a goal . 
  the possibility that you have support may be a better bargaining chip than whatever ends up being the reality . 
  oh , they are complete immoral assholes for selling them weapons , and my government sold them small arms which is just as bad , but all that buying and selling takes money . 
  granted , they can and would just use someone else , i 'm not naive enough to think otherwise , but you 're government is specifically asking them to send their money with the promise of no questions being asked . 
  it 's not about anyone being worse . 
  basically everyone in europe ( and by that i mean governments ) has fresh blood on their hands , some just have worse pr . 
  i 'm also well aware that there were massive improvements in luxembourg in the past few years in terms of shutting down sketchy banking practices . 
  if i was harsh , it was because your foreign minister was on a horse that was just a bit too high . 
  in addition to being totalitarian dictators currently engaged in an illegal war with jordan , they also happen to be the heads of a radical islamist sect with the stated goal of global conversation by force , who put their money where their mouth is by backing sunni terrorists and the radical clerics that recruit for them , in europe and around the world . 
  the saud family has western support because they 're at least partially in our pockets and are keeping things from going to far in saudi arabia , but they also happen to already have banker 's . 
  practically exterminated for western clients . 
  i also read that luxembourg , like switzerland is looking for a new client base in the third world . 
  luxembourg specifically is going after muslim money , which sounds a lot like going after saudi money and the money of middle eastern dictators , like happened with kim jong il 's money back in 2005/2006 . 
  luxleaks happened 2 years back and the leakers were all charged , while none of the corporations , banks or government officials involved faced any consequences . 
  wikipedia tells me that in 2014 . and 2015 . 
  726 secret tax rulings ( the same kind that ireland made for apple and other multinationals ) were handed out . 
  this seems very current to me . 
  oh , i can accuse the british all day long . 
  the bullshit with the city of london technically not being part of the uk and being subject to their own laws . 
  the fact that corporations have 5 times more votes in the city than regular people and they get their own enforcer in parliament is utter bullshit . 
  yes , london is the spider in the center of the worlds biggest web of tax havens and i hope the whole thing burns to the ground . 
  however , luxembourg punches way , way , way above it 's weight class when it comes to making sure assets are hidden and remain untaxed . 
  i 'm not letting anyone off the hook . 
  switzerland has their zebra strategy , white money only for rich western countries , but black money is perfectly fine if you 're from anywhere else . 
  ireland 's double irish tax deduction schemes , also bullshit , but while luxembourg is small in terms of size and population , it can sure as hell keep up with the big boys . 
  no one ever represented eastern europe as being remotely reasonable people . 
  the perception people have of us is mostly accurate . 
  again , this is nothing like any other negotiation . 
  smaller countries have blocked deals all the time and rather than exert pressure on them ( which generally is n't smart since if it does n't work they can block the deal out of sheer spite , by them selves ) they exert pressure on the other side . 
  experts agree because negotiations do get extended all the time . 
  however , not one negotiation in history needed 27 nations to come to a unanimous decision . 
  there simply is no precedent and there 's absolutely nothing usual here . 
  if any side enters the talks thinking the 2 year cut off is flexible , they better have the written assurances of everyone involved . 
  you need a unanimous vote to extend the deadline and that 's not really plausible . 
  the two years should be considered as set in stone . 
  the british politicians certainly think so or else thee would be no reason to delay invoking article 50 . 
  it may seem implausible at first glance , but there is a very real chance of the uk just getting cut off . 
  that 's the issue with having to make a deal with 27 individual nations that have to , by law , make a decision together . 
  yes , the uk is a huge trade partner with the eu , but that 's not evenly distributed . 
  2/3 of the union could n't care less and will absolutely drop any deal that does n't meet their liking . 
  making a deal with the eu is an absolute nightmare even for the us and china , because you ca n't make a deal that benefits just a few members and the members that benefit ca n't really pressure the one 's that do n't because they lack popular support at home ( it 's easy to start a very negative media campaign against a trade deal since the benefits are n't obvious , while the pitfalls are ), 
  officially . 
  officially the corporate tax rate in ireland was 12.5 % percent , the effective rate ended up being closer to 2 % and in some chases it was as low as 0.0005 % . 
  also , when it comes to tax havens in europe , the actual rate is almost irrelevant . 
  european tax havens all make us of british oversees territories and crown dependencies . 
  if you 're looking for a tax haven in europe , you need to ask two questions . 
  first . 
  what are the legal sanctions for breaking banking secrets ? 
  in luxembourg it 's a full on criminal offense with jail time . 
  second . 
  is it legal to register a company in that country , but have it 's headquarters be somewhere overseas , including places like the cayman islands and does that country tax money made outside of it 's borders by such a company ? 
  in luxembourg ( and the uk , and ireland ) it is and this is important because you could technically have a corporate tax rate of 100 % , but with this being legal you can pull the following trick . 
  you register two companies in luxembourg . 
  one has an hq there as well , the other has it 's hq in the caribbean . 
  the one with the hq in europe does all the business and makes all the money and because it 's wholly in the eu it can do business here normally , but the one overseas has all the ip . 
  the local one pays the overseas one for the ip and makes zero profit so it pays no taxes . 
  the other one makes all the profit , but is only taxed on what was made in luxembourg , which is usually next to nothing , the rest is taxed over there at a sub 1 % rate , and hocus pocus no taxes . 
  do n't forget their courting of muslim money . 
  they have a stated goal of becoming the islamic banking capital of the world , which basically means saudi money , which includes , but is most defiantly not limited to , laundering money for terrorists . 
  it ca n't take longer than 2 years because 2 years after article 50 is invoked , all ties are automatically cut .
