  the rural population rising up would be catastrophic , as they could n't use the urban population to do the reverse . 
  but more likely to just deport them . 
  it 's not just about national wealth . 
  the idea is , you can make it in germany even as an illegal immigrant where as in austria , even refugees are probably getting the boot as soon as the war dies down . 
  corporations do not move freely . 
  some countries try and attract corporations just like some try to attract people , but desirable markets are almost prohibitively expensive to get in to and usually come with huge downsides . 
  want to do business in russia , expect to allocate 30 % extra to every expense for bribes . 
  want to operate in china ? 
  find a chinese partner and hope they do n't just let you set up and then kick you out . 
  japan and s. korea ? 
  good luck . 
  the average person has an easier time moving and working abroad than all but the largest corporations . 
  look , seriously , just do what we did . 
  look how easy it is . 
  push them on , claim the moral high ground , act like a hero while screwing over someone else . 
  germany started it , so it 's up to the rest of us to return the favor . 
  there 's really no need . 
  they do n't want to stay in austria ether . 
  this problem is only our problem if we let it be . 
  the cost of stopping the migrants is huge , pushing them forward is easy and cheap . 
  sure , germany will piss and moan , but they boxed them selves in . 
  the very essence of nominal help . 
  we took in 17.000 people in 2 days . 
  people are handing out clothes , food and supplies they ca n't really afford to give , not because they like to but because basic guest rights demand it . 
  in spite of giving beyond our means it 's no where close to being enough . 
  at the current rate we can expect 20 % of the people residing in our country to be refugees in 3 months . 
  feel good gestures do nothing of substance . 
  they are nice and cute but ultimately hollow . 
  there are millions of people coming here because of germany and while your playing at being your guides at home the real crisis is on our shoulders . 
  open a direct corridor from the border countries to germany and then we can talk about how awesomely you 're handling the situation when you actually start handling the situation . 
  humanistic values ? 
  ha , you guys are assholes just like we are , except you actually buy your own rhetoric . 
  the refugee crisis is n't caused by the east or even the refugees them selves . 
  it 's moronic westeners who decided it would be a fine idea to fund a civil war in syria in the name of giving people democracy and freedom and ups , we have isis . 
  if only there was some precedent that could have told you this was going to be a horrible idea * cough * egypt * cough now that there 's a full blown war refugees are making their way toward europe , western europe . 
  us easterners are actually in perfect agreement with the refugees . 
  `` sure , come right in . 
  you do n't want to stay here and we do n't want to slow you down . '', 
  but then you ding dongs go and decide that while you would take them in eventually you really were n't ready and needed time to prepare so we ca n't really send them on their way , but we also ca n't send them back or stop them from coming in . 
  so now you fucked these people over twice and fucked us once . 
  when you do let these people in you 'll probably fuck them over a third time ether by sending them back to us on a technicality or as part of a quota or you 'll just use them as cheap labor as is the western way . 
  the local minorities , homosexuals in particular will get to experience the joys of living with people who think they have a divine mandate to kill them so that 's going to fun . 
  now , i 'm not saying we 're not racist . 
  we probably do think less of the refugees because of how they look or where they 're from , but make no mistake , the people we hate right now , do n't look like them , they look like you . 
  it 's not quite that simple . 
  an eastern europe that knows the west wo n't help but still has backing from the us might be stronger than the illusion of potential help from western europe . 
  imagine russia invading poland or the baltics tomorrow . 
  i have no doubt the us would immediately begin mobilization and deployment , using the time before the troops reached a critical mass to try and find a diplomatic solution , but with the very real threat of war looking ever closer as their military assembles . 
  i 'm fearful the west would do nothing , followed by talks that exclude the possibility of war from the get go and then maybe start doing something 3 months too late . 
  for all their faults , i 'd bet my life on the us . 
  as far as w. europe is concerned , not so much . 
  even if they did go all the way by foot witch they do n't , but even if they did , there 's a hiking path that goes all the way from istanbul to narvik in the north and lisbon in the west . 
  it 's a really nice and well maintained foot path that thousands of people use to backpack across europe every year . 
  there are hostels and shops with camping goods at regular intervals . 
  it 's hardly a death march . 
  i know . 
  i do n't think anyone is really blaming the average german . 
  hell , we know as well as anyone how dumb a nations leader can be . 
  nope . 
  he fully deserves to have this blow up in his face . 
  as of right now no one got hurt and no damage was done . 
  up until that point we get to gloat as much as we want . 
  the border is to long . 
  sure , we can close off the part bordering serbia but they 'll just go through bosnia and that one 's just way to long . 
  to be fair , that was the pm and he 's a known moron . 
  it was still only wednesday and he did n't meet his weekly `` foot in mouth '' quota . 
  we 'll be eating shit after the election but we get to vote on it 's color . 
  red shit , blue shit or maybe some exotic blend , but we 'll still have to eat it . 
  you jest , but if we close our border as well , suddenly they all become your problem . 
  1500 a day is what we can handle so 1500 a day is what well get , because obviously that 's how the world works . 
  you never get more problems piled on than you prepared for . 
  the man really is doing his best , but his best times 10 is still no where close to being enough . 
  it took one day . 
  one day . 
  yesterday everyone was still so happy about the good job we were doing with the 500 people who came here . 
  we tripled our capacity for taking in and registering people expecting something like this and we managed to reach a point were we can take care of 1500 people a day . 
  seeing as we 're a really poor country with fewer than 4.5 million people that 's a lot , but not nearly enough . 
  we 're not even in schengen . 
  we 're basically volunteering to do this registration nonsense so `` eu proper '' does n't have to . 
  yep . 
  yeah , he did n't make policy , he 's just in charge of implementing it . 
  it 's like saying he fucked up big because he was given the job of building a base on the moon with a 2 month deadline and a 5 $ budget and failed . 
  right , because obviously the rest of us are begging for this to be our problem and we 're the ones who want to stop people from moving on to germany . 
  if it were up to any of us and i mean any of us , from the refugees to supporters and detractors there would be a non stop train and buss line from the eu border straight to germany . 
  there is no one in any border country that wants to slow these people down . 
  yes . 
  i took trains for 3000km and more . 
  i also drive through slovenia a few times a year . 
  driving through slovenia is harder , by a lot and i actually know what i 'm doing . 
  i do n't know how to tell you this , but they used the train or bus to get this far . 
  people are n't walking all the way from syria . 
  they only start walking when they are n't allowed to travel on without being registered . 
  one of slovenia 's strangest features is that the main roadways are broken up quite a bit . 
  you can follow the highway for 50-60 kilometers and suddenly you 're in a small town and the next part of the highway is 5km away and there are six different roads only one of witch goes to the highway and at least 2 turn you around . 
  the signage is great , assuming you know where you want to end up in . 
  there 's a reason why complimentary maps with the routes toward the seaside are handed out every year during tourist season . 
  integration is not an issue , but sheer scale is . 
  taking in hundreds of thousands of people is n't easy even when they 're from your own country , but at least that 's just a logistical problem . 
  while only the most moronic of assholes will have the combination of arrogance and shit for brains to go after the local population , the assimilated muslims are fucked . 
  i have a friend from bosnia currently living in munich .
