  it 's a way to force stupid or drunk people to look at a picture and have the information stick . 
  seeing some of the posts here , it 's working like a charm . 
  an air mattress is something you sleep on . 
  a lilo would be a better for people from the uk , but reguardless of the flag , the english version is n't for brits , it 's for everyone else not on the list . 
  remember , this is for people that fall asleep and drift out to sea , aka dim and drunk people . 
  `` google it '' basically forces them to look at a picture and actually may get people 's attention fixing the information in their minds . 
  google air mattress . 
  it 's not the same thing . 
  yes , any half way intelligent and/or sober person would figure it out , but they are n't trying worried about half way intelligent and/or sober people . 
  what i love ( read : absolutely hate ) about english is that there are certain words that have two meanings and two spellings , but both spellings are correct for both words . 
  eg `` mold '' and `` mould '' a hollow shape used for hardening materials in to specific shapes and a fungus that grows in hot , damp rooms . 
  i worked in a glass factory during university and we had to use both versions frequently . 
  i was tasked with figuring out what the correct spelling was for each so we do n't look stupid in front of suppliers or customers . 
  good news . 
  technically we ca n't be wrong . 
  mold is the american and mould is the british spelling for both . 
  bad news . 
  because both spellings are right people will use them interchangeably and inconsistently . 
  we had actual heated arguments between departments about this . 
  my solution was to do what someone should have done long ago and decided to separate the two . 
  in that company mold is the fungus , mould is the hollow shape . 
  end of story . 
  you 're welcome english speaking world . 
  because your small parliment that can vote in and vote out governments with ease has no power outside your borders and has limited power inside your borders if a great power wishes to impose it 's will on you . 
  yes , the british picked soverenty , but i do n't agree they did it with the knowledge it would hurt them . 
  they were sold on the idea of the eu as a net negative . 
  there 's a reason why the natural state of humanity is to band together , tribes forming states , forming nations , forming multi national unions . 
  ask the small nations of latin america how much soverenty they had when the us and ussr started using them like puppets . 
  ask the people of se asia or africa or the middle east . 
  ask people here who actually remember the cold war how much soverenty a you could have when the real players decided to look your way . 
  the eu is a safeguard . 
  it keeps the other powers out , at least to a degree , but it ca n't influence the world byond the eu while the world can still influence us . 
  you are ether acting or you 're being acted upon . 
  you believe that you can be small and out of the way and that the rest of the world will leave you alone . 
  i know that to be wishful thinking . 
  my fear is n't more power in fewer hands . 
  the eu parliment is huge and while germany is the largest member , it 's nowhere close to having a dominant number of representatives . 
  i 'm not afraid of the rich countries taking over . 
  i 'm afraid of our asshole politicians getting together with your asshole politicians , getting together with all the other corupt bastards and forming a coalition of the moneyhungry that sees the eu as a giant piggybank ready for the slaughter . 
  i would be happy if someone who has their shit together would come in and bring our house in order , but i 'm genuanly affraid of what would happen if our people got legitimate power in the whole of europe . 
  who thinks modern egyptians are the heirs to ancient egypt ? 
  they 're something like 5 or 6 waves of conquest and migration between then and now . 
  they have absolutely nothing in common . 
  no religion , language , culture , script , heritage . 
  if they count than americans are the heirs of native american tribes . 
  israel at least gets to claim that they are the rightful heirs by the will of god . 
  that would at least be somewhat compelling if the pre exile hebrews were asked . 
  their faith was and still is a key characteristic even though they would undoubtedly disagree on basically every point of theology . 
  would my ancestors be proud ? 
  hell no . 
  do you have any idea just how differently people saw the world . 
  take the biggest religious zealots you ever heard of and you have the baseline level of conviction of times past . 
  we 're all apostates , pagans , heretics and generally soft , squeamish and evil . 
  do you imagine anyone being happy with how things turned out ? 
  what language are we speaking in ? 
  who determined what clothes should look like , what music should sound like , the look of cities , the way we think . 
  we see it as normal , but anyone from even a hundred years ago , hell , less than that , would see us as imitation americans and we are . 
  each and every one of us is way closer to the yanks than to all but our nearest ancestors . 
  modern greek culture has basically nothing to do with ancient greek culture , or more precisely , it has no more in common than any other nation that spawned from the western tradition . 
  you would be absolute strangers to the ancient greeks . 
  it would be like walking in to your home and finding someone was wearing your son 's severed face , pretending to be him . 
  thinking your special because you 're the direct descendant of someone special is silly enough , but you just basically live where the ancient greeks lived . 
  you took and changed their language and you took their name . 
  you do n't worship their gods , you do n't follow their customs , you abandoned their social structure , you have a similar form of government , but you copied that from the other modern european democracies rather than trying to emulate athens . 
  as far as everyone else being wrong , you bet your ass they are and if pressed , most would admit it . 
  the only people going on about the superiority of their culture by virtue of stuff dead people did way back when , are losers who are unable to achieve anything now . 
  at this point no one can claim to be their heir . 
  the line was broken not once , but twice . 
  i speak english and german , does n't make me an heir to queen victoria . 
  you happen to live in the same place and speak a related language ( that no one living back then would understand ) but that 's about it . 
  `` someone else did something and that 's why i 'm so amazing . '', 
  does n't make sense when talking about actual offspring getting wealth and power from their parents , let alone when we 're talking about people who lived thousands of years ago who would reject every current claim to their legacy do to the people claiming it being absolute strangers . 
  cesar spoke fluent greek and prefered it to latin . 
  i speak fluent english and german , but have no relation to the english or german speaking world . 
  language is a tool that anyone can use . 
  you 're essentially claiming that by driving a car , you 're basically henry ford . 
  you did nothing to create the car industry , you did nothing to create your car , you 're not even driving a ford , but cars evolve over time and your car was built using methods created by ford so you 're basically him . 
  this is far from being specific to greece . 
  everyone does it , but it 's absurd to claim the lorals of people who would reject you in a heartbeat if they were alive enough to be asked . 
  anything that boils down to `` other people did stuff and that 's why i 'm great '' is utter nonsense . 
  does it look like i have any actual say in this ? 
  i 'm not telling you what i want to happen , i 'm telling you what i think is going to happen . 
  the difference is that kant being german was actually quite important to his work and legacy . 
  alexander was macedonian . 
  that macedonia has no relation to the modern one , but it also has no relation to modern greece . 
  the macedonians were seen as barely being better than barbarians . 
  alexander saw him self as being greek but ultimately he became culturally persian more than anything . 
  that 's a big part of the issue . 
  today , everyone wants to claim alexander . 
  back then though , people from greece proper would have gladly disowned him and many did . 
  you get in to some really strange situations if you go back too far in history . 
  charles the great , hell the franks in general were germanic , the man him self being from achen . 
  does n't stop the french claiming him as one of their own . 
  richard the lionheart did n't speak a word of english , hated the country and spent most of his life as far away from it as possible , does n't stop the british from claiming him . 
  ultimately , between the romans and the turks , modern greece has basically no connection to the greece of antiquity , just like modern italians have basically no connection to rome . 
  people today are just as if not more likely to be related to the people who conquered and destroyed those civilizations as they are to being the descendants of their members . 
  ultimately , even if every greek was a blood relative of alexander 's and no modern macedonian had any relation to anyone living in the region at that time , it would still boil down to people taking the accomplishments of someone dead for over two thousand years and claiming they were somehow better for it . 
  the fact that greece was part of multiple empires , a center of trade and went through multiple mass migrations that fundamentally altered it 's ethnic composition make it all the more absurd . 
  there was direct intervention by both sides and it was n't even covert . 
  my father personally served in an anti air brigade protecting the crossing of croatian troops in to bosnia and serbian regulars absolutely fought in bosnia as well .
