  if your assembly line requires a huge number of specialists , it likely does n't produce consumer goods or if it does , you made a colossal mistake somewhere along the line . 
  yes , they do , and it 's counterproductive . 
  it 's fine if all they 're offering is their own markets , but here everyone is offering up the whole of the eu . 
  the incentives are structured in a way that makes the countries that do n't want to just roll over because they do n't have to , to leave the union or to kick out the members that are offering the incentives . 
  why should germany tolerate apple having an advantage over german companies while operating in germany from ireland . 
  on the second point , no , it 's not a big deal . 
  it 's not a big deal because we make up a huge part of the global consumer base . 
  where exactly would us companies go ? 
  apple especially would basically simple be surrendering the market to samsung . 
  you pay taxes on profits . 
  as a rule , making some money is better than making no money and while people and countries can put principal before profit , corporations care exclusively about the bottom line . 
  they are n't doing us any favors by operating here . 
  we protect their patents , allow them free access to a wast customer base and if they do n't like it , they can go to china and see how many seconds it takes before their local , government mandated partner opens up a daughter corporation in europe without their participation of consent . 
  yes . 
  hell yes . 
  oh my god yes . 
  this is n't internal irish business . 
  apple did not make 113 billion euros of profits in ireland . 
  they made that money in europe and they should have payed 13 billion euros in taxes more than they did on what they made . 
  you were selling the rest of us as a product which makes this a european matter . 
  i can agree that the union sometimes oversteps when it comes to their responsibilities , but this is chapter 1 , section 1 of what the eu is supposed to do . 
  when the eu told germany that no , just because you have a centuries old law that determines what counts as bier does n't allow you to prevent other countries to sell their cherry bier as bier , that was an edge case . 
  no , you ca n't give special privileges to international corporations based in your country , but operating in all of ours , not an edge case , not even remotely . 
  the money is basically irrelevant . 
  it amounts to next to nothing . 
  the issue at hand is that if the practices that generated the 13 billion dollar gap are allowed and unpunished , it incentives every country to try and race to the bottom and go on a backstabbing spree . 
  if that means us companies back out , then they back out , but perverting our laws just to attract business is no way to govern . 
  you 're imagining a world where the uk , with canada and australia and the rest by it 's side form a power block , which is never going to happen for one simple reason . 
  canada and australia do n't need the uk . 
  canada 's principal trade partner , cultural and linguistic partner , bast friend and ally is the us . 
  australia sits between the us and china , being friendly with one , but mostly doing business with the other . 
  the uk can be the third wheel , but there 's nothing it can offer that would sway australian or canadian policy . 
  consequently , the rules of any block would , by necessary need to conform to the needs of the other members first . 
  the fact that the uk is comming from a position of weakness , very openly in need of new trading partners guarantees a fringe position in any alliance and that 's something the british public could never live with . 
  it 's the feeling of traveling to the other side of the continent and not having a sense that you 're going abroad . 
  the sense that something happening anywhere in europe is happening here , rather than somewhere else . 
  when someone from europe does something good , we , or one of us did something good . 
  basically it 's exactly the same as feeling like your part of any bigger country . 
  there are parts you like , parts you do n't , but those assholes over there are your assholes . 
  if by transparent and regulated you mean the banks have an official lobbyist sitting in parliament representing their interests via the city of london corporation , then yes , fully transparent and regulated . 
  you litteraly have a mini state within london with it 's own laws , not beholden to parliament or anyone else . 
  a mini state that gives votes to banks and other corporations vote directly . 
  the city has a fund called the city cash that 's 800 years old and serves the singular purpose of protecting the special status of the city of london so that it 's free to operate as a tax and regulation haven , right in the middle of greater london . 
  yes , corporations spend a lot of money trying to lobby brussels . 
  that 's because they have to if they want to get any amount of attention . 
  in the uk , they 're so deeply engrained in to the system , they do n't have to work for it . 
  short of handing them the crown and dissolving parliament , i do n't think they could be in a stronger position . 
  there are no consequences . 
  it 's random people on the internet talking about things they can not possibly influence . 
  all your doing trying to put your self on a pedestal . 
  acting smart and smug . 
  the guy who actually took to time to correct the article , he was n't acting smug and he actually contributed . 
  you waited for someone to contribute just so you can post something that sounded smart while in no way adding to the discussion , the story or anything relevant . 
  you might as well have posted a fart joke . 
  so what ? 
  i mean seriously , who cares ? 
  random people on the internet are talking , my god , think of the consequences . 
  people come here to shoot the shit . 
  they do n't come to reddit to wait and not comment , especially here , where your specifically being told a bit of information . 
  what happens when new information is n't forthcoming ? 
  how long do you need to wait ? 
  how do you clarify reliability and most importantly , the initial question , why should anyone care ? 
  all we have is opinion . 
  pretending like you 're somehow better , that you use facts , that 's when thinking becauses dangerous . 
  people jumping to conclusions are just people and when we get it wrong , we back off . 
  people who imagine their opinions better because they somehow erased all personal bias , thats intellectual mastrubation at best , full blown delusion at worst . 
  and to be clear , i 'm not saying waiting is wrong . 
  i am saying that pointing out how much better you are because you happened to see the story after it was debunked is wrong . 
  i too feel superior to everyone who commented before the story was debunked . 
  this is a news story that 's blatantly lying about the facts . 
  what were people supposed to do , call the cdu leadership and ask for confirmation ? 
  people comment based on the information they have , and the debate was entirely justified , had the story been true . 
  you can now try and say that people should have waited for official word to come down , except this looked like just that , and since literally nothing we say here is even remotely relevant , who cares if people are arguing over nothing , that 's literally all this and most subreddits are good for . 
  well then , bark , bark . 
  honestly , all of you are basically the same person . 
  i do n't hate you people specifically , you just remind me to much of serbs and gypsies . 
  i do n't want to stop being antagonistic . 
  you were n't making a point , you were being pedantic and that irritates me enough to turn hostile . 
  you also have this annoying trate of trying to politely insult the person you 're talking to , well that does n't work with me . 
  you want to feel superior , go talk to a dog . 
  i know your type and you should be happy i 'm bored enough to fling mud at you . 
  if you put at least a bit of effort in to this you might sharpen your wits to the point where they may be sufficient to cut butter , but your kind likes to squander opportunities . 
  of course i constantly repeat my self . 
  answer a question and we might go on . 
  make a point and we might digress . 
  ha , ha , technically `` when we get a new pm '' and `` in september '' were referring to the same thing . 
  not a real point . 
  that is unless you invoked article 50 and did n't tell anyone . 
  oh , right , you 're the new pm in september idiot . 
  right . 
  a new pm was elected and no a 50 . 
  september is coming up and still no a 50 . 
  why do you insist on going after irrelevant details when the principal point is blatantly obvious . 
  the date is getting pushed back with no ultimate limit . 
  tell me what conditions you 're actually waiting for . 
  what exactly needs to happen before a 50 get 's invoked ? 
  what specifically is the holdup ? 
  you can go on saying that you 're getting ready or that it 's not the right time forever and a day , but honestly , it really looks like just one more in a long line of stunts to get some exception or special status , or it 's a staling tactic to buy time until something happens that there forces the uk to leave because europe got hit by a meteor or forces the uk to stay . 
  then prove it false . 
  i read the articles , you admitted they exist , but claim they came from the remain camp as scare tactics .
