  starting an irreversible process that can only culmite in leaving is what did it for most people , but now that you 're happy with it we can finally move forward . 
  britain did perpetuate the arms race in the early 20th century . 
  britain did support the creation of power blocks and is as responsible for ww1 as any of the other combatants . 
  britain did not honor it 's commitment made during the versailles treaty to stop germany from remilitarizing the rheinland . 
  britain did threaten czechoslovakia and forced them to cede the sudetenland to hitler . 
  britain did get in to bed with the soviets and helped them conquer half of europe . 
  it 's also never a good sign when you have to qualify the no genocide thing and i 'm not even going to start about british map drawing skills in the middle east and the consequences we 're suffering because of those particular ungodly fuck ups . 
  but do the other commonwealth countries . 
  canada is tied firmly to the us and australia and nz are tied to china . 
  the uk has , as you said , proven unreliable in the past . 
  obviously , no one is saying no to a good trade deal , but good for the other members first , good for the uk second, 
  why is that an issue ? 
  uk borders are not part of the eu common border area . 
  you guys always had full authority when it came to people from outside the eu so brexit changes nothing in that reguard . 
  the uk was never part of the common border area so what 's the difference ? 
  the only people who can enter the uk freely are eu citizens and external borders do n't really affect us . 
  may randomly decided she wanted a new election . 
  hardly unavoidable . 
  there 's a really simple fix . 
  taxes . 
  tax the global income of every irish citizen . 
  people in ireland are largely unaffected , but everyone else has to decide if it 's worth it to them . 
  until they introduce conscription or universal taxation . 
  personally , i would never give citizenship to anyone who does n't have some skin in the game . 
  this policy will potentially bite ireland in the ass as politician 's suddenly realize that there are a whole bunch of citizens with voting rights who are absolutely unaffected by national policy . 
  why do people keep bringing up the stupid budget as if it remotely matters . 
  the uk contribution was 13 billion a year . 
  that 's nothing compared to internal eu trade that totals trillions . 
  the budget is also used to improve a countries ability to participate in trade , meaning it rapidly produces huge returns on investment , because that 's what it is . 
  the eu took ireland , spain , portugal , estonia , slovakia , slovenia , poland , hungary , the czech republic and even romania from economic black holes to growing and in some cases thriving economies that are huge contributors to the overall wealth of europe , as they now have the money to buy european goods . 
  true , but you were both the most serious and the only ones pulling further away over time . 
  how many questions regarding deeper integration are a question of when , rather than if . 
  and by harsh economic conditions you mean we wo n't let you benefit from being in the eu after you 're no longer in the eu . 
  only a brit can leave a store in a huff , proclaim they 're never comming back and then complain that the store is punishing them because they now no longer have access to the goods it 's selling . 
  i 'm looking it from the other side . 
  letting the uk in was the experiment . 
  de gaulle block the uk because he saw britain as a disturbing force not compatible with the rest of europe . 
  he ended up being proven right . 
  i find it difficult to believe that as the uk is actively trying to distance it self while the eu is growing closer together , that we would become more compatible . 
  in 15 years the european parliament might very well be the one true legislative body of europe . 
  the prospect of tens of millions of brits getting to vote in members to my legislative body is deeply disturbing . 
  the uk has nukes and a history with all the other countries that have nukes . 
  if ww3 starts the uk is on everyone 's radar . 
  also , do ask the americans how their attempts at staying out of world wars went . 
  as long as that party is the tories . 
  how many people voted for them ? 
  30 something percent ? 
  and they got a majority anyway . 
  the uk is truly an example of votes counting . 
  some counting for more , some for less , some for nothing , but at least the people of britain can rest easy in the knowledge that the representatives elected by a minority of their peers are ruining the country of their own accord , rather than being controlled from abroad . 
  people who do n't know how to read polling said that about hillary . 
  le pen can still win , but there needs to be some major event to change a lot of voters minds . 
  basically some huge scandal . 
  the numbers have her down by 20 + points . 
  the only potential upset is her not even making round two , which is still possible since the margins are so narrow . 
  this is the real tragedy . 
  every time someone points to an instance of science being wrong , be it on polling , climate change , vaccines , y2k ect . 
  it 's generally the news , especially tv news being idiots . 
  however , because they 're the news they get to frame it as the scientific community , in this case pollsters and statisticians being wrong , rather than taking any of the blame . 
  there was basically one guy from yale that gave clinton an above 95 % chance and the news pounced trying to be the first channel to declare that she basically won . 
  i remember them citing this as the end of nate silver as the end all be all , simply because he was n't ready to call it and this guy was . 
  then they had the gaul to turn around and say that silver got it wrong as well because he favored hilary , ignoring that he favored her because the numbers were in her favor , but knowing full well that a large number of key states were very close and very vilotile . 
  realistically , the potus has a lot more direct power to screw things over abroad than at home . 
  his domestic agenda is getting blocked left and right and the things that do pass like the scotus nomination are on congress , not him . 
  the man is very much a problem for all of us since basically the one thing he 's getting kudos for is dropping bombs . 
  actually yes . 
  there 's a decent chance that we 'll get a big public battle to keep the voters happy and a series of low key deals and concesions . 
  political theater . 
  this is n't even about loseing benefits . 
  they still have all the benefits of membership but when it comes to accepting bids for contracts they simply are n't as good as other members because any contract that lasts longer than 2 years will potentially not be fillable . 
  you do n't hire someone for a job when you know they 're likely unable to finish it . 
  immigrate to the us and you 're fine , but god help you if you 're native or were sold there as a slave . 
  this is an interesting point and i admit that it has merit . 
  i do , however stand by my oppinion that while the ec played a part in keeping slovenia out of most of the war , they were not the main reason . 
  while it is possible that milo\u0161evi\u0107 could have lead an air champaign and forced the war on to slovenia , i do n't find it likley . 
  he was sadly not a stupid man and he knew that expanding the war and losing even the pretext of it being for the sake of protecting the serbian minorities was a bad idea . 
  asking slovenia to join in and even threatening to bomb them seems realistic . 
  actually doing it , less so , but since i 'm not a mind reader i can pnly speculate . 
  i do n't . 
  serbia and slovenia have no land border so any army would have to be supplied by air , which would mean flying through croatian airspace . 
  there were next to no people of serbian decent living in slovenia and consequently there was next to no support on the ground and do to mandatory conscription , every adult male knew his way around a small arm and most could handle heavy equipment . 
  slovenia is a strategists nightmare . 
  even in ideal conditions , fighting in the hills , forests and mountains would be tough with little to no armored , artillery and air support it would be next to impossible . 
  finally , milo\u0161evi\u0107 had a long set of objectives that were more than enough to occupy the yna for a good long time . 
  slovenia was not on that list . 
  giving in to the ec on slovenia was a good way to show good will and save face while not giving up anything he actually wanted . 
  your original point , that most conflicts ( no time frame specified ) had a 10:1 civilian to military casualty ratio is wrong . 
  your own damn source shows it 's wrong . 
  even only taking modern conflicts in to account , you 're comparing the most powerful nation on the planet going to war against a next to helpless foe for a few weeks to things like the genocides in rwanda and bosnia ( which is where the red cross get 's it 's 10:1 statistic from ) , which were fought predominantly by para-military and militia forces ( who are considered to be civilians for the purpose of international law ) over long periods of time . 
  when it comes to occupation , yes , the us is nicer than the nazis or japanese or soviets or the mongols or huns , but you do n't get to kill tens of thousands of nice , normal , everyday people and pat your self on the back for being oh so nice . 
  i know how it feels when your mom pulls you out of bed in 2 in the morning and drags you in to the basement because the air raid sirens went off and your not close enough to a real shelter . 
  the people flying the planes and giving the orders may not think they are bad people , but they are . 
  i 'm not arguing about the changed nature of warfare . 
  i 'm not even claiming that the us is n't making an effort at not being the bad guy , but seriously , 66k civilians dead , and god know how many more lives ruined and your trying to take some sort of moral high ground because they could have done worse ? 
  that 's just wrong !, 
  no they were n't , read your own damn source . 
  read the damn reference . 
  the source states that modern warfare has bean especially brutal on civilian . 
  in the past it was soldiers who took the brunt of casualties , not according to me , but according to your own damn source . 
  and as stated in my edit , the article that the 10:1 statistic is referencing to is about the 2003 iraq war .
