  the uk is n't in schengen . 
  even if the eu decided that open borders meant open borders for everyone , which they most certainly did not , the uk still would have retained full control . 
  i do n't know , off the top of my head it might have been smart not to hand over even more power to the very institutions that created the mess they wanted solved ? 
  `` oh , but you could have listened to your doctor , he 's been telling you to change your habits for years . 
  well i did n't so now my only recourse is to never step foot in to a hospital again . '', 
  that 's the point . 
  the whole idea behind free movement is that everyone competes on an equal field . 
  western countries have stronger economies so they can export more goods to the east , eastern countries have cheaper labor so they export that to the west . 
  the eu then makes weaker economies stronger , making them more attractive markets for the west and more attractive for their own people so that they do n't feel the need to leave . 
  everyone wins . 
  however , some people seem to think that a deal is only fair if it 's grossly in their favor . 
  the system as it stands created massive amounts of wealth in the east , spawning some of europe 's biggest success stories . 
  free movement is a huge part of that . 
  yes , it 's very much worth it . 
  it 's basically life insurance for the survivors . 
  rather than having absolutely nothing , the reserves are there to help them . 
  ok , that 's what i wanted to know . 
  time and registration . 
  if that 's how it 's being done and no corners get cut , there should be no problem . 
  that 's a given , but do they fingerprint ? 
  how do they make sure the same guy is n't comming in twice a month with a new name every time ? 
  how do they make sure the same guy has n't already received money from france and the netherlands to go back home ? 
  how do they make sure the asylum seeker is n't just some guy with german citizenship trying to scam some money ? 
  most importantly , what 's the penalty for abusing the system ? 
  not getting asylum is only an issue for someone looking for asylum . 
  if the consequence is simply no asylum and no money , then there 's no reason for swindlers not to just give it a shoot and if it works it works , if not , who cares . 
  you 're not thinking about this comprehensively enough . 
  can a person from a safe country legally fly to germany , put on some ragged clothes , claim that they lost their papers , apply for asylum , grab the cash , change back and fly home ? 
  are people being fingerprinted before money is handed over ? 
  how is their status being verified ? 
  what are the penalties for trying to abuse the system ? 
  when and how is money handed over ? 
  how is it ensured that they actually leave the country ? 
  how is it ensured that they do n't take advantage of similar deals being offered in other countries ? 
  the problem here are n't people coming in as pert of the refugee wave , it 's professional scam artists from countries close to the eu or even people who have eu citizenship . 
  when giving free money to undocumented people with the only requirement being that you never see them again , the potential for abuse is huge . 
  case in point , cuba . 
  if there 's one place that quite convincingly demonstrated that the cia is anything but all-powerful , it 's castro 's cuba , sitting right next door . 
  the minimum wage in the uk is higher than 3000 $ a month ? 
  that seems absurdly high . 
  that seem like it would be on the high end for average wage , let alone minimum . 
  and yet it could n't be more different . 
  france does n't have a two round system it has a requirement that a candidate recieve a simple majority to win . 
  that means they have an election , a real one , not the nonsense that passes as one during the us primaries , in which everyone in the country get 's to vote for whichever candidate they like most . 
  if no one has a simple majority after that , all but the two most popular candidates are eliminated and then people get to vote again for the candidate they hate least . 
  primaries are nothing like the first round of an election since a ) two of them are happening at the same time and you can only influence one , b ) that 's assuming you can vote in one at all , c ) that 's assuming there 's an actual vote , d ) instead of counting votes cast for the candidates electoral votes are handed out , sometimes proportionaly , sometimes by giving the candidate with a plurality all the votes . 
  then in the actual election , while it 's not common , third parties spoiling the vote have been known to happen . 
  it 's a big reason why gore lost in 2017 . 
  superficially the us system looks similar , but it 's anything but . 
  in addition to everything stated , the election in france is national vs being state by state + dc , nevada 2 and main 2 and there are the election is determined by a simple popular vote . 
  one person , one vote , majority rules . 
  no one in france is going to have their vote go to the other side just because their neighbors voted for said other side in greater number . 
  relevant point , this was supposed to be the 24th stop for the exhibition in croatia . 
  it 's quite literally one school principal being an idiot . 
  in the other locations it was well received . 
  school principal is basically a cushy reward for members of a political party that 's currently in power . 
  it 's the budget bin equivalent of giving someone an ambassadorship in a tropical country . 
  they tend to have next to no real power , but what little they do have , they use to the fullest , as evident here . 
  you can give people flairs saying they 're from anywhere . 
  thing is , the flags i 've seen tended to be from countries that are generally underrepresented on reddit . 
  it 's a bit suspicious that you would get about as many czechs as you would brits . 
  that 's it . 
  that 's exactly the shade we need . 
  the damn flag is blue . 
  having regular blue passports makes sense . 
  i 'm baffled that no one stopped and thought : `` hey , blue with gold , are n't those the eu colors ? '', 
  they do though . 
  the conservatives only got 37 % of the votes , but more than half the seats in parlament . 
  the lib-dems got around 8 % of the seats with 7 % of the votes . 
  ukip however , they got 12 % of the votes . 
  zero seats until a conservative jumped ship and gave them 1 . 
  that 's less than 1/6th of 1 % of the total seats for 12 % of the vote . 
  however , do n't feel too sorry for them . 
  they had a referendum a few years back to change the system from this one to one that 's proportional and they shoot it down . 
  you 're correct in principal , but wrong on a few details . 
  tyranny of the majority ca n't be solved by replacing a simple majority requirement with a qualified majority . 
  ( 50 % +1 vote , vs 55 % or 66 % or 75 % ) because in any case a majority is able to impose their will and potentially cause great harm to a majority . 
  to give the most extreme example , even if 99 % of a country is required to vote for the execution of one person , if that person can be executed for arbitrary reasons or no reason at all , it 's still tyrannical even though basically everyone agrees that they should be killed . 
  the reason why you would put a qualified majority on such a decision is because one option allows for one side to try and try and try again until they succeed , allowing them to gain more support of the people really do want a certain action to be taken , while the other side does n't get a second chance if they lose . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , british voters can no longer decide to just reenter it . 
  the decision is effectively final . 
  because of that , it 's generally quite important to define a majority that 's high enough so as to be reasonably sure that public opinion could n't swing the other way over night . 
  as you pointed out , if just 2 % of the voters were to change their minds , the whole thing goes the other way . 
  you want a buffer that 's big enough so as to make sure the people are still on board after the initial enthusiasm dies down , because if they 're not , they 're suddenly helpless to undue what was done . 
  if this was merely with the people having to live with their choices , that would be one thing , but the consequences of adapting a radical plan and following through , only for it to lose support mid stream guarantees disaster . 
  suddenly everyone starts playing the blame game . 
  remain voters are blaming leave , leave voters are baling each other and the government , the government is blaming a neurotic public . 
  no one wants to try and make things work anymore , because that 's a lightning rod for blame and then people have to suffer far more than can be attributed to just the initial bad choice . 
  and why not ? 
  it 's not her baby . 
  the voters did n't give her any nonce or direction . 
  if she does anything other than going all out , that 's on her , but her line seems to be `` the british people went in to this with their eyes wide open and i 'm giving them exactly what they voted for ! '', 
  it 's politically the safest choice to make . 
  this is n't her policy but it 's what the people demand so by god she 's going to deliver . 
  if someone stops her , that 's their fault . 
  if things end up going wrong , she already has her defense lined up . 
  people knew the economy would suffer but the vote was n't about economics , it was about sovereignty , national pride and freedom , aka stuff that people gladly claim was their motivation and also just so happen to be absolutely impossible to measure . 
  it 's not good leadership . 
  a good leader does what 's best for their country , political backlash be damned , but then she never ran for office . 
  she was appointed to manage a difficult situation in a way that will keep the conservatives in power and the way she 's handling it does just that .
