  who elected their current pro islamic government ? 
  the poor . 
  same thing in egypt . 
  the powers that be are rightfully afraid of both their own people and any religious group they do n't fully control , so they overcompensate . 
  they start acting like hyper religious muslims so the oppressed masses wo n't see them as decadent and deprived assholes in need of deposing . 
  ok troll it is . 
  nothing to see here . 
  while i understand why some people left , i did n't . 
  my family did n't . 
  those who did might have a karmic obligation to lend aid , but i do n't . 
  i was here and they were n't . 
  they were treated well and that 's nice , but if they sent back every able bodied man , i would n't have been unhappy . 
  it was n't a blessing back in 91 , but you did n't see me move . 
  you would also think it would be good enough for people desperate and looking for help . 
  half a million people passed through in the last 4 months . 
  last time i checked , one woman and her kid applied for asylum , out of 500,000 . 
  i 've seen desperation . 
  i 've seen people running for their lives . 
  i do n't see it now . 
  no , see , they wo n't just be satisfied with being alive and accept a miserable existence . 
  they 'll do what every disillusioned person does , turn to a group that says their plight is the fault of the evil other and that they need to fight and destroy those putting them down . 
  the last wave of muslim immigrants spawned tens of thousands of isis fighters , and they had it great compared to this wave . 
  they will hate us . 
  hell , many already do . 
  they do n't care that we 're being kind to them . 
  if they do n't get to live like we live , they 'll see that as theft . 
  as us somehow exploiting them for our benefit . 
  they 'll blame the jews , the gays , our whore women temping their pure young men . 
  we 've imported a ready made oppressed minority that 's already backed by the saudi hatemonger network . 
  at the same time , do you know who wo n't get to live . 
  the women and children left back in syria and afghanistan or the camps in turkey . 
  we 'll legitimately not have the resources to help them , because everything is going to go to the horde that pushed them selves in . 
  we 're basically fucking over ten times as many people as we 're helping and the one 's we 're helping wo n't thank us and will cause us problems down the road . 
  we have no reason to feel good about the good work we 're doing , because any actual good we do is by sheer dumb luck , the rest being a series of incredible clusterfucks . 
  they 're not going to be able to live a good life . 
  that 's a big part of the issue . 
  they 'll form ghettos and live as second class citizens doing unregistered work , living off welfare or turning to crime . 
  this is n't an assumption . 
  this is what happened to the last wave of muslim migrants and they were actually needed to fill job vacancies . 
  the people coming in now have no prospects , are generally unwanted , already disappointed and many will flip when they realise that asylum does n't mean they get to stay for ever . 
  how exactly does one deter people who are willing to pick crops in the alabama summer for less than half the minimum wage ? 
  also , it 's worth pointing out that we would gladly trade muslims for mexicans at a 3 to 1 rate in your favor . 
  hard working people who speek a major european language and share our cultural and religious values are more than welcome . 
  you really are the guy conservatives come up with when they imagine dumb liberals . 
  no , wanting violent homophobic people , who doing actual , direct harm , to fuck off and possibly die , does not me a bad person . 
  it makes me a normal person , because normal people do n't want to help violent assholes at the expense of their victims . 
  being said asshole makes you bad . 
  not understanding that we need to help people in actual need , rather than their abusers is sick . 
  on a fundamental level it is sick . 
  help the women , the children , the homosexulas , christians , jews , kurds the people who desperately need help . 
  young muslims males that cause violence have no place here , period . 
  why ? 
  because we 'll get a stern talking to from the un . 
  we are n't complaining because we do n't understand the rules . 
  we 're complaining because we do n't like them and think that yes , we should be able to pick and choose who we let in . 
  as a citizen of a democratic country that recognizes that it 's powers are derived from me and other citizens , i have the right to ask my government to do whatever i believe is in the countries best interest . 
  they are free to ignore me , but if my views are popular enough new people more sympathetic to me might get elected . 
  if this means breaking international rules , well tough shit for the other guy because last time i looked , there is no international executive and in the current political climate , i do n't see other western nation doing much . 
  if a rule allows for something obviously bad to happen , like letting violent people stay , then it has to change . 
  i ca n't change it , but i can and i am communicating my worries with my representatives in our legislative body and am encouraging others to do the same . 
  violent people do n't get to stay . 
  them being in mortal danger is n't exactly giving anyone sleepless nights . 
  now , now , do n't be racist . 
  we ca n't send people back for what their cultural beliefs are . 
  if a man ca n't come to europe and attack gays , women and other people he does n't like without fear of deportation , then what kind of a union are we ? 
  if you think about it , then hit your head against the wall a few times , drop some acid , smoke a joint and watch a few videos on the topic of european imperialism being the main culprit here , you 'll see that the attackers are the real victims here . 
  sure , but that 's basically true of any country . 
  if you 're rich enough and live in a safe , secluded area of a country you 'll live splendidly . 
  with enough money to bribe the local tribes and hire sufficient security you could carve out a small paradise in afghanistan if you wanted to . 
  if you 're rich in the us you 're golden , but if you 're rich in europe you 're in just as good a position . 
  however , if you 're middle class or poor , europe is a genuinely great place to be . 
  i would argue that western europe is by far the best place to be if you 're living below the poverty line and only when you get to the upper middle class does living in the us equal to living in europe . 
  once you get beyond the middle class it 's better to be in the us and the discrepancy grows with more wealth . 
  it 's easier to become insanely rich in the us and it 's better to be insanely rich in the us , but that makes it a lottery . 
  it 's next to impossible to make it , but once you do you can make it bigger than you ever could here , where as europe offers far fewer options of becoming a billionaire but a hard worker is all but guaranteed a decent life that comes with a safety net . 
  bullets ca n't silence ideas , but as was proven by the eradication of nazism and japanese militarism , the right mixture of bombs and russians works like a charm . 
  the internal division of europe will bite them in the ass . 
  yes , europe is divided and there will likely be reactionary policies that will drive the muslims here in to the terrorists hands , but that 's only a very minor victory compared to the bigger picture . 
  europe ca n't act as one , so when russia decides to go all in against them , where there was once a singular block against russian expansionism , europes right is willing to embrace russia as part of the `` us '' camp . 
  when russia firebombs a village , killing both terrorists and civilians , no one 's lifting a finger . 
  when russia asks for intel or other assistance , they might get it . 
  here 's what these bozos do n't get . 
  for all the shitty things the west is responsible for in the middle east , we 're also the ones keeping powers like russia and china , who really want what 's under the middle east , but really do n't care about the people on it , from showing them what real war looks like . 
  they think they 're battle hardened veterans ready for anything and i for one hope that very soon they get to find out just how wrong they are . 
  when ghengis khan invaded afghanistan and deleted the sultan of cumer , a captured general told him that he won a battle , but would lose the war , because for every man he slew , another will be standing behind him . 
  `` no there wo n't '' spoke the khan and slit his throat . 
  one of them was wrong , the other conquered his way to the mediterranean . 
  nothing worse came out of ww2 because instead of the world winding down it held it 's breath in expectation of an imminent nuclear holocaust . 
  it was a harsh , us v them world , and any attempt to promote a political ideology outside the norm would see a person branded a traitor , a red or anti-revolutionay depending on the side . 
  the nazis did n't come back and others did n't emerge in their place because strong man politics ca n't exist in a world where the powers that be a warmongers getting ready for ww3 . 
  what helped most , both in germany and japan , was an implicit threat . 
  `` defy us , and we leave . '', 
  normally , occupation breeds resentment and insurgency but the special circumstances that stopped this from happening were n't a helping hand and forgiving debt . 
  it was the looming presence of the ussr . 
  the us leaves and japan and west germany get swallowed by the red army . 
  that 's it . 
  that 's what we currently do n't have . 
  the greater of two evils . 
  the menace that makes you swallow your pride and ask , beg the west for help . 
  the issue with mass surveillance is that instead of looking for a needle in a haystack , you 're looking for a specific needle in a pile of needles .
