  the rest has domestic independence moments that make it politically difficult to support any secession movement . 
  germany 's support means that scots can count significant backing when it comes to winning over countries such as spain . 
  have you ever been to west berlin ? 
  even during the cold war it was one hell of a city . 
  a victory for brexit is a victory for europe in my book . 
  the banks could lose passporting rights . 
  we 're not talking about business getting more expensive . 
  british banks would no longer be allowed to legally operate in the eu . 
  this means that they could n't provide services for eu clients and could n't help foreign clients in europe . 
  seeing as this is their core business , i do n't see how they could stay unless the deal that ends up being reached technically keeps the uk in the eu but as a non member . 
  because americans , canadians and australians , in spite of not even begin willing to support their own national industries if foreign imports are cheaper will , spontaneously decided to more than double their spending on british goods ? 
  you 'll give them moral support , but spending more money to help is n't going to happen . 
  go vikings !, 
  i have and i stand by everything . 
  now do tell me which part was confusing . 
  perhaps try elaborating what you were trying to say or does writing too much give your head a boo-boo . 
  fitting . 
  and they are ? 
  i 'm fully aware that there 's no coherency in what leavers want and that any outcome of brexit will be a `` not what i voted for situation '' for at least half if not more of these 17 million great thinkers , but if you actually read my question you 'll notice i asked for a list of reasons , not your best guess at how deeply divided the leave front is . 
  you 're on the internet . 
  the office for national statistics ( ons ) estimate that in 2014 , 8.3 million people living in the uk were born abroad , around 13 % of the total population of the uk . 
  of these , 3 million were from countries now in the european union and 5.3 million were from non-eu countries . 
  i see that when people call leavers stupid , they are n't trying to be insulting , they 're just being descriptive . 
  voting with your feet is abut as strong of a message as you can send . 
  it 's not just tariffs . 
  it 's actually quite a comprehensive package and for shit deals , they were quite happy to accept . 
  hell , i would n't mind the canadians as full voting members , but i centrally do n't want trade with canada to alter the basic framework of the whole eu . 
  true . 
  but only for members and those countries like norway and switzerland that essentially agree to play by eu rules . 
  this is n't burocracy . 
  it 's politics . 
  canada did n't run up against some arcane rule that stopped the process in it 's tracks . 
  they could n't get all 28 members to sign . 
  the eu is built to work for it 's members first . 
  it 's not here to make it easier to make a deal with the us or canada or china . 
  it 's there so members get an automatic deal with every other member . 
  a function that works splendidly . 
  a consequence of this is that deals with foreigners get more difficult , because by default the eu can only ever play hardball while negotiating . 
  this does however also mean that no member will ever be in a position where they have to accept a bad deal or face being left out . 
  i really do n't understand how brexit shows the eu to be unnecessary . 
  if that were true , article 50 would have imeditly been invoked and the uk would have left before a week of the 2 year negotiation period had passed . 
  the uk wants beneficial trade for it self and free movement for it 's citizens , but is unwilling to offer the latter and would only begrudgingly offer the former . 
  but there is a very real dread coming from those in power who know how big of an impact being cut off from the eu and having to revert to wto rules would be , especially now when the realization is dawning that in a few months , they 'll be in canada 's shoos , exept far less liked and without the benefit of close to a decade to finish negotiations . 
  the eu stance is simple . 
  we get the deal we want or we walk away . 
  the eu provides so much wealth to it 's members , we can afford that . 
  the uk , once it 's on it 's own will be free to make any deal the us and china likes . 
  generally no , but belgium is sort of 2 countries smooshed in to one , more than being one country . 
  it 's half french , half dutch and compromise is required to make it work . 
  france as a counterexample is one of the most centralized countries in the eu and what the central government says , go 's . 
  you do understand that even if signed , the treaty still needs to be ratified by the legislative bodies of every single member . 
  you are technically correct in that yes , the governments are in favor , but even if signed , the deal might still fall flat in every single country . 
  the belgians are just being up front . 
  no point in signing if you 're just going to say no in a month anyway . 
  the whole narrative is absurd . 
  the eu is the very literal embodiment of 28 different countries successfully engaging in the deepest and most comprehensive trade deal ever . 
  we did that by following some very strict rules ( that we all agreed on ) and by creating independent bodies to act as referees . 
  if canada wanted a deal like we have with switzerland or norway , there would be no problem , but they did n't . 
  they want a deal that they made , that caters to their needs , and that 's fine , but it 's a deal that by it 's very nature alters the relationship between 28 other countries . 
  canada is not dealing with with one entity . 
  they may have preferred to deal with individual eu states , but tough shit . 
  internal eu trade is way , way more important than any deal with them . 
  we have a good thing going and we 're open to letting others in on it , but it 's insane to ask that we change , that we drop our rules and principals to accommodate one foreign country at the expense of one of our own . 
  what if it 's ends up being great for everyone except denmark and when you ask for it to be rescinded we say `` fuck denmark '' what happen when you 're choices are a ) accept a bad deal or b ) leaving the eu ? 
  the eu is explicitly about internal european trade first . 
  any country that wants to play by our rules can get any deal they like . 
  if they want a deal that 's specially catered to their needs , they have to convince every member that it 's in their best interest . 
  it 's easy to say fuck the minority when your not the minority , but one day you very well may be and i ca n't imagine you would enjoy a deal that costs you your livelihood but is good for germany and sweden . 
  imagine a deal that 's good for the eu as a whole , and great for every member except the netherlands . 
  everyone wins , but you lose and lose a lot . 
  would you ever consider accepting such a deal ? 
  would you feel that it 's fair to get outvoted and screwed over by your neighbors ? 
  a deal that only encompasses some countries is impossible as other have already pointed out , do to the single market . 
  the netherlands would be left with two options , suck it up and take the hit , or invoke article 50 and leave the union . 
  thing is though , the eu already gives 28 ( soon to be 27 ) countries the best trade deal in the history of the world . 
  that 's not an exaggeration . 
  there was never a trade deal as deep or comprehensive as the single market . 
  because of that we can afford to say no . 
  true . 
  it 's especially funny when you consider that the majority of immigrants in the uk are n't from the eu and they have nothing to do with the uk 's membership . 
  i 'm going to need a source on all 28 member state governments giving their support , because i tried looking it up and came back empty . 
  false premise . 
  canada came to the eu looking to make a deal . 
  they walked away with no deal . 
  the point of the eu is to harmonize and open the markets of individual members and make sure every member get 's the best possible deal when trading with foreigners . 
  a deal that that 's good for the overall eu economy but fucks over individual eu members is hardly what anyone would call a success . 
  europeans can trust europeans . 
  europeans usually ca n't trust their own leaders when it comes to trade deals , let alone anyone elses . 
  there 's just way too much room for funny business or for decisions that seem great but are based on false assumptions or faulty economic theory . 
  that 's just a regular old trade deal between individual nation 's . 
  with the eu you could have members making choices that are disastrous for certain economies , for the simple reason that they had no cloue because in their country it 's a none issue . 
  since croatia makes no cars domestically , that one provision that seems fine , but actually badly hurts the european auto industries would go completely over our heads . 
  everyone or no one . 
  it makes making deals really hard , but we 're not the ones going out looking to make deals . 
  other nations are coming to us and i 'd rather sacrifice some growth and make sure everyone is on board than potentially screw multiple countries over . 
  i can believe that . 
  sub cultures refusing to integrate is a real issue everywhere , but for some reason no one questions that honor killings are n't part of german or french culture , but obviously everyone that lives in eastern europe is representative of all of us . 
  like what exactly ? 
  qualified majority . 
  a super majority is something you need to overcome a filibuster .
