  let 's rephrase that . 
  everyone or basically everyone is fine . 
  people are just conditioned to find the cloud that comes with every silver lining . 
  the average westeners is so far removed from what bad actually looks like that people doing a great job are shit because they are n't perfect . 
  this is the top of the mountain . 
  there in no more going up and the floor you see are clouds hiding a very deep fall . 
  radical change can go in exactly one direction and it 's not up . 
  then do something about it . 
  start a paper . 
  start a blog or a youtube channel . 
  help finance one . 
  one needs to be a very special kind of whore to be happy about americans telling you the correct way to think . 
  have a shread of pride and cut the crap . 
  let 's remember that this is an anglo thing . 
  if english was n't the default language of communication we would have no idea who these people are . 
  because it is , they have a much wider stage than their actual influence deserves . 
  good luck with that . 
  there are some similarities between the far right in europe and the us but there are many more differences . 
  add the fact that they 're foreigners backing nationalists and you might see the problems they 're about to face . 
  it would n't have mattered . 
  people made up their minds and were just looking to have their opinions confirmed . 
  the anglosphere is a world apart from the rest of us . 
  it does n't seem that way because we get to freely look in , but we forget that they ca n't as easely look out . 
  the time to change hearts and minds was over a decade ago . 
  now we 're in damage control mode . 
  did you actually bother reading what i wrote . 
  no , i expressly said the russians were n't in all that good a shape , but they also get the advantage of picking the time and place . 
  they can get ready . 
  they can use the conflicts in ukraine and syria to give their forces experience . 
  it is the hight of idiocy to underestimate russia . 
  they 're poor , but also beligernat and in possession of a sizable army . 
  little to lose and the means to take are a dangerous combination . 
  i 'm about as pro europe as it get 's but i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  we have 445 million people , true . 
  of those 445 million people , i would be impressed if 1 % is actually physically and mentally capable of being turned in to a soldier . 
  of that , maybe 20-40 % would actually qualify as a good soldier . 
  on paper , there is no scenario where germany takes on poland , france and the uk at the same time and wins . 
  there 's no scenario where germany occupy 's most of poland , turns around and attacks the numerically superior and better equipped franco british army , fully mobilized and sitting on defense behind the strongest defensive structure in the history of the world while fighting through the sea of forts and bunkers in belgium and the netherlands built specifically to blunt a german attack . 
  on paper ww2 ends in a few months . 
  luckily , the russians are n't nazi germany , however , we also are n't all that hot ether . 
  our sheer size and decentralization means that we ca n't just lose to a quick surprise attack , but any war would be long and bloody . 
  also , no , nukes are basically off the table . 
  since we have them too , the russians ca n't use theirs without getting wiped out in turn , but that means we ca n't use ours , because getting occupied by russia we can survive , getting nuked in to dust , not so much . 
  if stalin and hitler did n't use wmd 's against each other , i have a really hard time seeing anyone who is n't a religious nut doing it today . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's necessary for a single market . 
  there 's a really big difference . 
  the reason why you ca n't have a single market without free movement is precisely because people from poorer countries ca n't move to richer one 's . 
  because they can , there 's a strong incentive for the richer countries to try and build up the markets of their poorer neighbors , rather than simply use them to more cheaply sell their goods . 
  this then becomes a universal long term good , as weak economies growing strong means everyone becoming wealthier . 
  poland received a huge economic boost from joining the eu . 
  the boost was so strong that poland avoided the great recession altogether . 
  germany on the other hand , suddenly had a huge , undeserved , suddenly far more prosperous market right next door . 
  a market that associated german goods with an enviable standard of living . 
  this did much to cut the recession in germany short . 
  if however , you have trade and nothing else , the weaker economy will stay weak as it lacks the means to properly compete and the strong economy has a short term incentive to keep it that way since in the short term it 's far better to sell goods than to help them develop the means to make those goods . 
  additionally , on a bureaucratic level , it makes doing business much easier . 
  being able to go anywhere and open up shop without needed a local partner removes a huge barrier to trade . 
  being able to provide services everywhere does n't strictly require movement , but again , the barrier is extremely high otherwise . 
  not every country benefits from trade equally , just like not every country benefits from movement equally , but you need both as well as capital and services or else the whole thing falls apart . 
  the british government is perfectly correct in saying that the uk would be better off if there was free movement , but they would also be correct in saying that the uk would be better off if free trade was a one way street and that 's exactly why that ca n't happen . 
  there is a benefit so there is a cost . 
  you do n't get one without the other . 
  look , if all we need to do to get the band back together is to let you guys name it , that 's perfectly fine with us . 
  are you joking ? 
  teach the parties ? 
  by electing a party candidate ? 
  by electing a billionaire with no filter to be the every man ? 
  oh , they tough the parties all right . 
  elections are reality shows . 
  civility counts for nothing . 
  fanning outrage is only beneficial . 
  the public spoke loud and clear and told the parties in no uncertain terms that if they did n't produce an acceptable candidate they would ... stay home and do nothing . 
  if they did like the candidate , they would accept any amount of bullshit from them , as long as the alternative is perceived as worse . 
  tell me , did the cameron losing the brexit vote teach the tories anything ? 
  are they more humble ? 
  more respectful of the people ? 
  less beholden to the elites ? 
  trump is going to build his wall and it 's going to be big and expensive and controversial and utterly devoid of any real relevance . 
  it 's a fucking wall . 
  it will do nothing and achieve nothing other than allow for business as usual to continue in washington as everyone is focused on the stupid wall . 
  brexit achieves the same thing . 
  there 'll be endless rounds of arguing over non issues while in the background , in broad daylight , very boring , but very consequential laws will get passed that make sure nothing changes for the people that matter . 
  we now know that the public has the focus of a magpie and the attention span of a goldfish . 
  throw a nice bit of shiny controversy , do what ever you want and even if you royally fuck up , in 4-8 years , everyone will have forgotten . 
  who cares ? 
  they already resent us . 
  walking on eggshells , trying to acknowledge the constant barrage of bullshit as anything other than utter nonsense did n't help before . 
  why on earth should anyone care now . 
  but finland lost . 
  you fought well enough , but you lost and you would have been annexed if it were n't for the larger context of ww2 . 
  at the end of the day , all your effort did nothing . 
  stalin did n't care about his soldiers dying . 
  in the full context of ww2 the winter war is barely a blip . 
  the casualties of the whole campaign equating to individual weeks of individual battles . 
  it was dramatic and heroic and a great story , but unlike battle of thermopylae or the alamo , the heroic last stand did n't buy the time needed to win the greater struggle . 
  it did n't result in an ultimate finish victory . 
  the soviets got exactly what they wanted and were more than willing to pay the price . 
  i on the other hand like actually winning . 
  if the russians decide to invade , i want to drive them back to moscow .
