  the issue is that while this would n't be difficult or even especially expensive , we 're no longer the kind of people who could do that . 
  europeans and americans from a hundred years ago would have depopulated the region down to nothing and called a victory . 
  what worries me is that these people are driving us to go back to that kind of thinking . 
  this insignificant group , small and powerless outside their domain , a shadow of a shadow of the muslim empires our ancestors stood up against , is driving us to revisit our dormant demons . 
  that 's what makes them dangerous . 
  they 're turning us in to the monsters their propaganda says we are , and the damn fools have no idea just how much the underestimate the true debts of evil were are capable of if pushed to far . 
  to make it very short and clear , because the yugoslavian constitution of 1974 said so . 
  the individual republics were given the express right to increase their autonomy to the point of independence and it defined the terrorists of the republics . 
  croatia invoked it 's legal right to secede , where as the territory of the `` srbska krajina '' were committing an act of rebellion against the state . 
  because we were on the defensive and this equipment made sure the war never actually got to my part of the country . 
  we 're happy we won , but we 're celebrating bare bones survival and making the country whole . 
  sure . 
  from worst to best : racist genocidal dictatorship radical religious theocracy brutal dictatorship `` father knows best '' dictatorship absolute monarchy with idiot as ruler democracy with idiot as leader democracy with brilliant leader absolute monarchy with brilliant ruler constitutional monarchies should be counted as democracies if the ruler is a figurehead . 
  monarchies with a shared power structure have a lot of variables but are usually between the two democracies . 
  the reason the brilliant democratic leader is n't on top is because his or her time in office is limited and their powers constricted by other bodies . 
  this is also why they are above idiot rulers . 
  this list is far from complete , but does cover relevant current types of governments at least in broad strokes . 
  really ? 
  no overlap at all ? 
  while i 'm not a fan of brutal dictatorships very recent history has shown that they do in deed seem to be preferable to what happen when they are n't in charge . 
  much like in egypt , the fact that there are people who want genuine progressive change are making matters worse by painting a nice friendly face on a movement who 's base is made up of very radical muslims . 
  the progressives talk to the cameras and spread the good word on line , but as soon as they win , the islamists take over . 
  it 's not that i do n't understand the difference , it 's that the difference is unimportant . 
  the people fighting the brutal dictators for the right reasons are severely misreading their countrymen and ultimately doing them selves a disservice . 
  this is n't opinion . 
  this is exactly what happened . 
  this is the past . 
  toppling a head of state is easy , but toppling the very large number of determined islamists that make up a significant portion of the population is not . 
  as horrible as it might seem , those places needed the dictators , needed the secret police , the soldiers in the streets because withing the population there were true monsters waiting for a chance to strike . 
  again going back to egypt where toppling mubarak went as well as one could ever hope and the state was still stable and the number of secular progressive protesters was significant , it still ended in a theocracy that ended in a military coup that is seen as a step up from the theocracy . 
  so your accusing us of not doing enough spin on our relationship with deplorable trading partners ? 
  the syria and assad bit actually makes sense when you think about it . 
  the people he was killing , well we got to see how they would run a country and it turns out they run it like a islamic slave and death factory , making it a lot clearer as to why assad wanted them dead , and why we really should n't mind since we agree that they should be dead . 
  when your people are isis , you too should consider sending a few bullets their way . 
  pfff , americans hold grudges over ice water being to cold . 
  we have people returning from the middle east after fighting for isis and it 's barely on most people 's minds . 
  we 'll survive you being sulky . 
  the uk , france , germany and italy would likely bankroll the project , but assuming wages were equal for all soldiers reguardless of country of origin and were sufficient to be at least acceptable in high income countries you would get a lot of manpower from eastern europe , especially poland . 
  i also guarantee that making it mandatory for soldiers to know english and one other major european language would increase interest as the people who would normally claim the west is `` sending our boys to die in their wars '' could n't make those claims if service is actively restricted . 
  it would make for much better cohesion and exclusively tends to attract people . 
  or , much more likely , everyone being forced in to the highest bracket . 
  not everything . 
  ironically they could n't make a good looking medal if their life depended on it . 
  take the order of the german cross as an example https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/orders,_decorations,_and_medals_of_nazi_germany#/media/file:germancrossinsilver.jpg a fuzzy snowflake with a circle that has a swastika on the inside . 
  the other medals were just the old iron crosses with swastikas . 
  technically correct but it stretches the definition of `` active '' to the extreme . 
  from what i understand , it goes to sea once a year just so it can claim the title of oldest ship in active service and compete with the hms victory , the oldest commissioned ship ( but one that never goes out to sea ) the eagle is in real active , doing actual work service , old ironside is in honorary active service . 
  i think that would be the best way to put it . 
  sure , but just like not every farmer has a combine and a crop duster , not every farmer had an ox or horse or a plow . 
  it was n't uncommon for villages to have a guy who made his living renting out an ox team to his and nearby villages . 
  even if a family had the tools and animals , unless they had many , they would go to the oldest son , the younger siblings having to make do with raw muscle power . 
  it 's worth pointing out that many , not all but many , of the civilians asad was killing or trying to kill were isis or proto isis . 
  it 's somewhat hypocritical to call out asad for not being able to handle his people without violence when our response also ends at bombing them . 
  it was a rough estimate . 
  a young man , without help or a plow , using only hand tools , could tend to land roughly of that size , assuming the land is of average quality ( not too much stone or clay ) obviously , year 2 gets easier since the earth was loosened and roots and rocks removed . 
  2 people could do exponentially more as one could pull and the other steer a makeshift wooden plow , and animals and tools added to that . 
  a very strong man could likely cultivate as much as 2he on his own . 
  a very weak man might be unable to tend to a garden . 
  on a good year 1 he might feed a family . 
  on a bad year it might not give back the calories put in to it . 
  such is the way of pre industrial agriculture . 
  rough guesses all around , but centuries of experience combined with your life very much depending on them , tend to make them at least somewhat accurate . 
  traditionally , one hectare was about the amount of land one person could tend to with raw muscle strength . 
  that means hand tools only , no combines , tractors or even animal driven plows . 
  the good news is , with modern technology you can tend that peace of land with ease and with the proper use of fertilizer and modern plants , the yield will be sufficient to feed one person and leave enough over to sell . 
  the problem however is that the sale price would likely not cover the overhead . 
  modern farming tech made farming huge amounts of land very cheap , but small amounts of land would be impossibly expensive . 
  ideally you would have at least 50he per person and than 10 people or 10 families forming a small corporation to buy and use heavy equipment on all the parcels and then pay out the profits at the end of the year , with people doing the actual work also getting a wage . 
  basically , small farmers are doomed to poverty unless they grow a high value plant ( which usually require greenhouses and special expertise or are very climate dependant thus making them high value ) and 1he is not a small farmer . 
  1he is a hobby especially if it contains a house . 
  in the us settlers were given 65he in a time before modern farming and while it was a lot of land for a single family it still was n't all that much once the agricultural revolution came rolling in . 
  500he would be a decent mid sized farm co. . as long as everyone works together well and land quality and weather permitting it can end up working well , but what will end up happening is people making a go of it , failing and millions of he being sold to china . 
  i generally agree , but my concern with a new greek currency would be that it expressly could n't be stable . 
  to meet payroll for government employees as well as well as pay out pensions , they would have to print a lot . 
  if they needed a fixed , stable currency , they would just use the euro . 
  they need a currency they can freely print which is a decent idea if you 're a g8 member , less so if you 're a recently defaulted greece . 
  a fair point , but it 's arguable if the greek people wanted out of the euro zone . 
  that was n't the question asked and independent poling showed that if it were the outcome might have been flipped . 
  most people in greece realize that the sure , for all it 's flaws , is real money that you can spend at face value or trade at a fair rate anywhere in the world . 
  a new drachma , especially one issued with the express goal of depreciating it 's value would likely have trouble buying you anything in greece , let alone abroad , after a greek default . 
  if the greek people were to vote for leaving the euro and defaulting i 'd actually fully support it as well as any humanitarian aid ( food and medicine ) to be allocated to greece is things went really bad . 
  i ca n't imagine anyone actually wants greece to fail , but prolong up their system with foreign money from places like slovakia that has a fraction of greece 's per capita gdp seems obscene . 
  i feel like i need to point out that while greece voted to end austerity , the vote did not magically fill their national coffers . 
  on a very fundamental level , you simply ca n't vote to spend money you do n't have and no one is willing to give you . 
  imagine if instead of the greek people voting for spending money they do n't have it was a greek king . 
  we 'd call the man silly and delusional . 
  `` but i wan na ! '', 
  is not the basis of economic policy . 
  however , since this was a lot of people making a delusional and unobtainable demand , it somehow becomes legitimatstateyou mentioned the north and south , but you forgot that the east is firmly behind germany on this . 
  we 've heard the same bullshit the greek politicians are spewing from our own people for over 3 decades now , but unlike them , we got with the program and things have been looking up . 
  it 's not about punishing greece . 
  it 's about making them see that all the corruption , tax evasion , the do nothing jobs that make up most of the public sector , they all have to go , because europe is not enabling a failed greek state , and make no mistake , it has failed . 
  if they got all their debt forgiven tomorrow , they 'd be back here before 2030 , because all the things that crashed the greek economy in the first place are still there , stopping it from moving forward . 
  you know what 's interesting ? 
  look at the countries with the smallest numbers . 
  slovakia , slovenia , croatia , the czech republic and hungary . 
  all of the bottom 6 countries were part of austria-hungary . 
  the whole gang is back together , with the very notable exception of austria . 
  i do n't know if that 's in any way relevant , but i found it to be a neat little coincidence at the very least . 
  while we can argue about witch war is worse , theirs is bigger than ours by multiple orders of magnitude .
