  it 's insane really . 
  the decision was made by the people , but you can bet any sum of money that they will blame cameron and whomever pulls the trigger and no one else . 
  it 's the voters decision , but i can guarantee , if it goes wrong , they get none of the blame . 
  yes . 
  and this would be good if it 's no effect you want . 
  however , you do want an effect . 
  you want people who can defend them selves against terrorists . 
  an 18 year old kid can get a gun for a shooting spree , but a regular citizen ca n't get won to defend him self . 
  the criminals already have guns , any law would merely make it even harder than it is to be anything but a target . 
  but sure , your not convinced . 
  maybe in a month or so , after a 2-3 more of these , maybe you 'll change your mind . 
  sure , sure . 
  that 's going to happen , because they see the uk and think , we too want to be a train wreck made fun of by the whole world . 
  and after that they 'll magically get the 24 additional votes needed to pass it . 
  exactly . 
  the people who got shoot needed a weapon . 
  balcony man definitely could have used one . 
  the people in the crowd in nice really could have benefited from being armed . 
  it sure is . 
  it makes sure people like the shooter can feel safe in the knowledge that balcony man is never armed . 
  oh , the old article that said early next year . 
  the one that 's no longer up to date as of whenever the statements given in this article , the one we 're currently commenting in , were given . 
  yes . 
  that is in deed the article that shows my point . 
  the timetable is being pushed back at a rate of about 1 year per week . 
  just delay , delay , delay . 
  always a bit further back . 
  there is . 
  your still here . 
  said you 'd invoke a 50 imeditly . 
  that was a lie . 
  said it would be 3 months . 
  lie . 
  said it would be this year . 
  lie . 
  said it would be next year . 
  lie . 
  said it would be before the next general election . 
  i 'm going to make the radical leap and say that this too will end up being a lie . 
  we 're salty because we should have listened to de gaul when he warned us that getting the english was like getting herpes . 
  it 's fun for a few minutes , followed by a lifetime of regret , when you realize that once you have it , you can never get rid of it . 
  exept the point is that now bankers in other countries do n't have to . 
  they get to lobby hard to give them selves a competetive advantage , just like wall street and tokyo and hong kong . 
  british bankers no longer being able to offer financial services to european companies means that by default , they have to do business elsewhere . 
  i did n't see anything ether , nor would i expect too . 
  iran has nothing to do with him . 
  european politicians are in favor of you going away . 
  the only people who seem to be doing everything to stop the uk from leaving are the british . 
  at the current rate of postponing , by the end of the year , article 50 is going to be invoked some time between now and the day the sun turns in to a red giant and swallows the earth , but it 's definitely going to happen and it 's going to happen before then because brexit means brexit . 
  it was initially supposed to happen immediately after the referendum , then within 3 months , then it was next year , now it 's by 2020 . in a week it will be sometime this century , by the end of the year we 'll have a firm commitment for some time before the heat death of the universe . 
  not everyone . 
  a solid half of the eu could n't care less about trade with the uk , but cares deeply about freedom of movement . 
  this means at least 12 of the 27 votes needed will gladly take no deal over a deal without freedom of movement . 
  of course they can . 
  the consequence is no longer being able to trade in the single market , reverting them back to previous , less beneficial treaties . 
  they 're non members . 
  they have no obligations , but also no rights other than those negotiated . 
  while they were given more leeway in the past , the council has made it abundantly clear that there would be no tolerance of discrimination against any eu member . 
  let 's make this perfectly clear . 
  the european union is now home to both eastern and western europeans . 
  some western nations might not mind british discussion as they can imagine being it 's targets , but the east will never , under any circumstances agree to any such nonsense . 
  we do n't care about trade with britain . 
  there will be no deal that prevents freedom of movement for any length of time . 
  our opinion counts . 
  yours does not . 
  a benefit of membership you no longer enjoy . 
  that was a benefit for old member states in regards to new member states . 
  it 's not a privilege granted to non members . 
  if the proposal was to allow eu member states to prohibit uk citizens from coming in to and working in the eu for 7 years , that 's one thing . 
  i would be against it , but as you said , there 's precedent . 
  however , giving the same privilege to a non member , and making it enforceable against all 27 member states , that 's just not done . 
  if the uk does n't wants temporary limits on immigration more than trade , that 's fine , but in no universe is it ok to allow a foreign nation to have access to the single market under more favorable conditions than a full member . 
  romania and bulgaria after all , did not have the option to prevent immigration , and they are full eu members . 
  the single market comes with free movement of people , along with goods . 
  services and capital . 
  you get 4 or you get 0 . 
  it 's the foundation of the european union and there is no budging on that . 
  if may ca n't sell a deal with free movement , that 's her problem . 
  i would gladly take any economic repercussions rather than budge an inch on that point . 
  if the uk wants to end free movement of people , that 's easy , leave the single market . 
  no more special status , one leg in bullshit . 
  you 're a full member of the eu or you have a switzerland/norway deal or you 're just some random foreign country . 
  a simple straight forward , take it or leave it deal . 
  it 's unsellable anywhere . 
  there 's not one country in europe where the people would be in favor . 
  the powers that be might accept , but with france standing against it , with backing from other members , this will never pass . 
  no politician in europe has the political capital to fight other member states to get a sweetheart deal for the uk . 
  yes you did . 
  you absolutely defended him . 
  it 's not him , it 's society . 
  even in your last post , you just ca n't stop . 
  pushed him over the edge ? 
  he was n't pushed . 
  he was n't backed in to a corner with no options . 
  he made a decision . 
  people like you love to use this kind of passive language that distances the perpetrator from his actions . 
  you love it so much you stop realizing your doing it . 
  let me tell you why he did it . 
  he did because he made a choice . 
  if there are any mitigating circumstances it 's that he 's insane .
