  no , no it does n't and you obviously give a fuck of you would n't have answered . 
  you do n't answer after saying good day . 
  do n't give people the satisfaction of seeing you get pissy . 
  take a nap , forget this conversation . 
  look up wikipedia and most importantly , have a nice day !, 
  so yes . 
  you are a kid and you do know nothing including reading comprehention skills if you do n't realise i was asking `` what 's the difference if it had been the afghan military '', 
  the question was , how would the response have been different . 
  planes hit buildings , there 's a war . 
  cruise missiles hit buildings . 
  there 's a war . 
  and again , what do you mean more countries would have joined in ? 
  afghanistan had quite a big coalition going on . 
  58 countries is total . 
  how old are you ? 
  you really seem to be talking like someone who 's heard about this stuff , but was a kid or not even born when it went down . 
  ok then , how would the us have reacted different if instead of 2 planes it was 2 cruise missiles fired by the afghan military ? 
  also , what explosives ? 
  the argument is flawed on multiple levels . 
  fist the us was at war multiple times since ww2 . 
  it just so happens that it was on the offense . 
  `` if you have an army , you 'll use it '' contradicsts `` you 'll never need it '' second , when the us was attacked during ww2 , the place that was attacked was anything but militarely weak . 
  the japanese did n't attack some helpless civilian instalation after all . 
  finally , the us was attacked since ww2 . 
  by terrorists , but seeing as they reqired two actual wars and a rethorical `` war on terror '' i would say they count . 
  when 's the last time that worked ? 
  you spen now because if you need an army and you do n't have an army you already lost . 
  the `` we prepare to fight so we do n't have to '' stuff is cute and it justifies military expenditure to the very large segment of the public that ca n't be bothered to think more than 3 seconds in to the future , but in truth the military in peace time is nothing but a huge money sink and if anything , it stifles inovation do to familiarity with obsolete tech leading to complacency . 
  everything spent on equpment that does n't end up being used in war is money flushed down the drain and the ideal military is the one you built 1 minute before the first shoot was fired . 
  however , since the down side of missing that particular deadline is foreign occupation at best , genocide at worst , foreward thinking people will realize that not paying for a peace time military because there 's no war is like not paying to build a roof because it 's not raining . 
  woosh !, 
  you 're making a few crucial mistakes . 
  first , you 're conflating official doctrine with local customs . 
  especially in communist countries , people dug in and doubled down on tradition as a way of cultural self preservation . 
  second , the communist govenments were n't good at much , but they kept tabs on all forms of non conformity and used all kinds of methods to find out who fit the bill . 
  however , execution of these methods was greatly dependent on the people in charge on the local level . 
  if the people in charge were lenient and or corrupt , you could get away with a lot , but if you ran in to a true believer , or if someone in the party did n't like you , stepping out of line was harshly punished . 
  if someone 's parents got arrested because their kids did n't eat the bait , it almost certainly because they were already under suspicion or got on someone 's wrong side . 
  people obviously knew this but in retelling the story would emphasize the most absurd part , getting in trouble because their kids did n't want to eat in school . 
  while i respect your opinion , knowing my neighbors as well as the general attitudes in the region , you would be surprised how good we are at taking money and not using it for it 's intended purpose . 
  and for once it might actually be a good thing . 
  or in this case , one person 's freedom will end when the person he 's tolerating does n't return the favor . 
  sure , the guys fighting the next war were persuaded to do so by the stories of the guys who survived the last war of the courage of those who did n't . 
  it 's an interesting phenomenon . 
  deaf people , are probably closer to foreigners than they are to other disabled people . 
  they can basically do anything we can , but the principal issue is communication . 
  much like foreigners who build tight knit communities they congregate so as to be around those they can talk to and thus form a distinct sub culture . 
  i can respect that , but i also believe actively opposing medical advances that help people because they convinced them selves that their lack of hearing is n't a disability is n't healthy or productive . 
  western society being willing and able to accommodate them makes their lives mostly normal , but a quick glance at the lives of deaf people in underdeveloped nation 's shows incredible pain and struggle that we should the trying to eliminate , but also might befall us if times get tough . 
  wait , do we really ? 
  what 's there to bitch about . 
  they do a lot of crooked shit but it 's the same things over and over again . 
  they pickpocket and the beg , occasionally they destroy some public building given to them for free . 
  corruption constantly creates new and interesting narratives , they do n't . 
  when they come up , people share their personal stories , but it really does n't come up much in my experience . 
  no one blames everything on the roma . 
  people do n't like them but they also have no real influence . 
  they get blames for crimes and begging and refusing to send their kids to school so they have more time to beg and steal . 
  that about the sum of it . 
  at most one could argue the problem is mutual , but seeing as western europeans got to practice inclusion , openness and tolerance and ended up falling flat on their face every time it 's not surprising no one wants to try it here . 
  exept it does n't work that way . 
  non smokers just suck it up , figuratively and litteraly so a smoking establishment does n't care . 
  on the flip side , smokers , being addicts wo n't go to a non smoking establishment if given the choice . 
  not really relevant . 
  things getting proportionatly worse is better than things getting disproportionatly worse , but as a rule you want policies that get crime to go down , not up . 
  generally yes , but not here . 
  insulting a foreign head of state is n't against the law . 
  you need to insult a foreign head of state and this needs to hurt german foreign policy . 
  the executive is the only one who can make that call so ultimately in this specific case it 's entirely on them . 
  no , it does n't work that way . 
  in this specific case no law was broken unles the government says it was . 
  this is not a regular case of division of power . 
  the courts did n't ask for permission to persue the case , they asked if a law had been broken . 
  there was no interferance . 
  it 's like someone leaking government information . 
  if it 's public there is no involvement from the courts . 
  only the government can decide if it 's clasified and only the government can decide if the insult given broke the law . 
  to your second point , erdogan and rogue nations have a knack of making their problems our problems . 
  if they percieve weakness they will not negotiate . 
  if they percieve duplicity , they will not negotiate and that means bad situations get worse . 
  no , i 'm being hyperbolic . 
  it 's like with sharing government secrets . 
  unless the government says the information you 're sharing is a secret , no law was broken . 
  same here . 
  by letting it go on they 're saying that yes , he did hurt foreign policy and thus he did commit a crime . 
  the courts have no choice but to find him guilty unless they see it as a violation of his constitutional rights and they might not . 
  the courts might very well decide that this is not covered under free speech and thus the german legal system becomes a tool of oppression working for that turkish cunt of a president . 
  her cabinet was opposed to this so this is all on her . 
  no , it was a horrible idea on multiple levels . 
  first , the guys actions are only against the law if the executives says they are . 
  it 's completely up to her if he did anything wrong and her cabinet disagreed and she still pushed it through . 
  now the guy has to get dragged through the courts and hope they decide dragging him through the courts violated his constitutional rights . 
  it 's a horrible thing to inflict upon someone even if they 're ultimately exonerated . 
  she galvanized the radical right . 
  people now correctly believe that their government is no longer on their side . 
  seeing your chief executive bow to the childish wishes of a foreign power in direct violation of the laws and customs of your country leaves a bad taste in most people 's mouths and those on the fence are now firmly pushed towards the radicalism . 
  from a foreign relations perspective it 's a disaster . 
  when a foreign leader tells you to punish your people for insulting him you tell them tactfully to go fuck a goat . 
  by letting this happen she all but guaranteed that others will start making demands of germany for what the see as slights or insults , while at the same time , while temporarily appeased erdogan will be all the more furious when the courts do n't let him get his way do to a technicality . 
  he 'll see merkel as ether weak for her inability to make the courts do her bidding or as deceptive for lying to him about taking action .
