  as things stand leave might end up meaning eu member in all but name , some ties , no ties , free movement or total embargo . 
  reguardless , i 'd be shocked if more than 10 % of the population will say `` yes , this is what i voted for '' i can see the future and in the future i see britons crying foul because the filthy politicians took their noble cause and perverted it in an act that litteraly everyone saw coming but them . 
  a really bad referendum question at that . 
  leave or stay and if we leave , you handle the details like weather we keep everything basically the same or burn all the bridges . 
  true , but look at who can control public discourse . 
  you make news and set the agenda by being loud and outrageious . 
  in a world where every single person has a voice , cool , calm and comprehensive wo n't cut it . 
  it 's a strougle to outshout everyone else by making statements that are as out there as humanly possible . 
  compare ross perot to donald trump . 
  ross did a 30min tv presentation on the state of the us economy with clear points and segments , charts and sources . 
  a well reasond , quality argument . 
  trump says he 'll make america great again , build a wall and make mexico pay for it , get back all the jobs , kick out all the jihadies . 
  he makes these sweeping statements with no explanation , no substance and they get massive amounts of attention . 
  it 's only going to get worse from here . 
  we now have difinitive evidence that acting like you 're on reality tv is the way to go . 
  that 's how you get `` progressive '' students at uc berkley effectively asking that the school be segregated . 
  that 's how we got to black lives matter . 
  search engines are n't biased . 
  they 're built to find the right echo chamber just for you and then they work to actively reinforce it . 
  what happens then is the same thing that happened in politics when election districts got redrawn to where they were imposible to fall to the other party . 
  withoubt an opposing voice , the discussion is no longer between moderates who agree on the issues but dissagree on the way they should be solved and become a strugle between the redicals and the centrists . 
  if you express an interest in any of the radical movements , google will note that and find you the `` appropriate '' videos on youtube , blogs and news articles . 
  have an idea that you are n't sure is true ? 
  google will find you millions of people that tell you you 're right and anyone who dissagrees is hitler . 
  a large portion of remain is her electorate . 
  most of the hard brexiters are in ukip anyway so there 's hardly much reason to piss of all of remain and a huge chunk of leave to placate the people who 'll still call her a failure for not winning them fortunes and blowjobs in the negotiation . 
  after a very long time greece is experiencing growth , unemployment is falling , they have a primary surplus and are meeting the benchmarks for the release of funds from the 2015 . bailout regularly . 
  so yes . 
  a50 is n't brexit . 
  the key point of interest is the deal that will or wo n't get made . 
  the smart money is on the final deal being eu light . 
  nothing of note changes other than the uk no longer technically being a member . 
  why is the smart money on that ? 
  because 48 % of the uk was pro remain . 
  it follows that 48 % would be in favor of a deal that changes things as little as possible . 
  of the 52 % of people who voted leave , you would only have to find 3 % who are unwilling to risk their job , do n't want to potentially hurt their relatives living in europe ect . 
  to have a clear majority for a very soft brexit . 
  the number of people who would be willing to take a hard brexit , cutting all ties , no movement , no trade , are a minority and one that 's not supported by the people with money . 
  add to that the fact that pressure from ukip is on the decline , labor is on the decline and the conservatives are slightly up and you get a situation where there 's no reason not to pick the safe option . 
  in this case , it 's people who concluded they did n't like something and only then decided that would look for reasons why . 
  it really was incredibly ironic that the same people , and i do mean the exact same people who would proclaim that everyone in the eu was a german puppet suddenly did a 180 and proclaimed that they voted leave because of `` this kind of nonsense '' as in , the exact opposite of the issues they had a day prior . 
  yet for some reason they still thought that all these inherent problems they now saw and were always aware of , would all just magically go away when it was their turn to make a deal . 
  why ? 
  because the uk deal is really important and the canada deal , the one they just described as hugely important , suddenly was n't really that important so kaiserin merkel held back on using her full power . 
  anyone care losing some money by betting that the new , new narrative wo n't be `` look at how the eu/germany is pushing smaller members around '' ? 
  bravo . 
  you can read . 
  now read my previous posts and show me where exactly we were talking about bond quality ? 
  at least assume i looked it up before making the claim and check before spewing nonsense . 
  why on earth are you so obsessed with analogies , they 're like a ship made out of cheese sailing on the indian ocean in march , not at all relevant to this conversation . 
  greece is stable . 
  you may not see it as stable , but no one earth cares about what you think . 
  the markets see it as stable . 
  the ratings agencies see it as stable . 
  that makes it stable . 
  no , it 's like saying you would pay 86 billion over three years and you then proceed to pay that sum over that time span . 
  crazy , i know . 
  hey , genius , fun fact . 
  articles have information in them other than the headline . 
  this is still the 2015 . bailout package . 
  the uk is at 1.9 % and why would you look one thing up on the internet and then ask a question you could look up the exact same way ? 
  if you disagree you 're going to have to go in to some detail . 
  signing is nowhere close to being the end . 
  belgium is the only country that requires ratification before giving a signature , but every other country , including canada still needed to ratify the deal or it would still have fallen through . 
  sure , the eu could have signed it , but canada decided to kill it by backing out of negotiations . 
  is the concept of a discussion really that hard to grasp . 
  the question is , would giving more power to the eu be a good idea and why or why not ? 
  that 's the topic of this discussion . 
  we 're proposing this . 
  real talk . 
  ceta ultimately failed because canada walked away . 
  the negotiated agreement was blocked by wallonia , but even if it was n't , it still could have been denied ratification by any of the 27 remaining legislative bodies and everyone knew that . 
  when a deal falls through you go back and negotiate some more . 
  if you want a deal , time is really a non issue as it falls firmly in the better late than never camp . 
  money is n't an issue because even a century of negotiation would be made back in week of free trade . 
  my opinion is biased so take this with a grain of salt , but to me it really looks like the liberals wanted to tank the deal because it was the brainchild of the harper administration , but did n't want to do it overtly , so they waited for the first obstacle to present it self and backed out citing it as the reason why no deal would ever be possible . 
  lucky for them it was wallonia instead of multiple of the larger countries that blocked it , so the story became one of quirky eu internal politics , putting canadian involvement out of everyone 's mind . 
  bottom line however is that wallonia did not unilaterally end talks , canada did . 
  i saw the greek debt crisis . 
  greece was in desperate need of german money and it took 3 instances of them coming in cap in hand for germany to actually get greece to play along . 
  let me repeat that , it took years and the prospect of utter financial ruin to impress upon greece that maybe they should listen to what the people able to afford their bail out have to say . 
  when you owe that kind of money , yes , your principal creditor is going to have a say . 
  and look , greece has stabilized . 
  this is by design . 
  national governments naturally wanted to give the greatest amount of power to those bodies that were under their direct control and the least amount of power to bodies that were independently elected . 
  giving more power to the parliament would increase how democratic the eu is instantly . 
  deals we di n't have before and we 're doing fine . 
  deals that the other party came to us with . 
  we can afford to not take any deal that 's less than perfect which is nice . 
  they are people . 
  corporate person-hood has been a bedrock of western economies for centuries . 
  also you did imply that they were people since only people can sue and be sued . 
  you ca n't sue a rock , but you can sue or be sued by mr. rock or rock inc. 
  do n't forget the possibility of a quick trade deal with china opening up the housing market ( even more ), 
  it 's the banking capital of germany . 
  what do you think ? 
  our countries are objectively shit and anyone forcing a refugee to stay with us is an asshole . 
  but that 's not really a problem since they leave as soon as they get here . 
  also , you do understand that by definition the people who leave and want acceptance elsewhere and those of us who stay and do n't want newcomers have zero overlap . 
  most of europe likes scotland and they would be welcomed without question .
