  separating the conflict out is dissengenuous even if it were a pure proxy war , but it was n't . 
  it was an ethnic war that did n't care one bit for lines on a map . 
  the arbitration is non binding . 
  it 's absolutely the parties them selves that give it any amount of legitimacy . 
  that 's a big part of the issue . 
  if we stick with our guns there is no legal remedy . 
  there are bound to be political consequences , but ultimately there 's no legal way to force this ruling through . 
  it 's also patently absurd to defer the decision as to the impartiality of a body to the body it self , especially after it was shown to be at least partially compromised . 
  some other institution should have ruled on the corruption charges or should have taken over the case entirely . 
  can we live with this ? 
  absolutely . 
  but we wo n't . 
  it 's the fruit of a poisonous tree . 
  because the decision was made by a body we did n't trust in a process we did n't participate in for the last 2 years , any decisions is now toxic . 
  we have disputes with every former yugoslav neighbor , just like you . 
  the courts were in way over their heads . 
  as an example , take the trial of general gotovina . 
  he was convinced in his first trial for an attack on a legitimate military target , close to a civilian population center during with no civilians were harmed or targeed , but property was damaged as the weapons used were not 100 % accurate ( no weapon is ) during his appeal he was acquitted of any wrongdoing , but since it was so blatantly obvious that no war crime was committed , since there was no evidence that he ever ordered a war crime or even failed to prevent or persecute the commission of war crimes committed by those under his command , it became easy to see the whole process as theater with a predetermined outcome . 
  while there are men who absolutely deserve their place in the hague , the court fucked up . 
  their job was supposed to be getting justice for the victims of terrible crimes here in the balkans . 
  what they were actually doing is trying to prove their worth to a western audience so as to gain more legitimacy as an institution . 
  the judges and prosecution were always far more concerned how they were percieved by third parties than by the people in who 's names they were running the procedure . 
  this left most people here dissilusined . 
  no one can accept a court that only goes against weak countries and then seems to be working towards making a compelling narrative rather than seeking justice . 
  you need paragons of virtue , smart , transparent and absolutely committed to the truth when you want nation 's to submit them selves to a trial by foreign judges in a foreign land . 
  they failed miserably on most counts thus creating reasnoble doubt in many people 's minds that actual monsters in human form might be inocent because `` hey , if they fucked up in this case ... '', 
  there 's a legal concept called rebus sic stantibus or the clause of changed or altered circumstances . 
  it says that a contract is only binding as long as the original circumstances stay the same . 
  the arbitration agreed to was supposed to be fair and unbiased . 
  during the processings this came in to question . 
  even if the slovenian claims that no bribery took place are true , the mere appearance of bias is more than sufficient to make the whole process void . 
  seeing as we stepped out of the process a few years ago , it 's impossible to argue that we 're `` blaming the ref for losing us the game '' we made it clear that since the fairness of the process could no longer be guaranteed , we would not participate nor would we accept the ruling . 
  by moving forward reguardless you invited this outcome . 
  as soon as it became clear that that someone on your side might be exerting influence over the neutral arbitrer , the whole thing should have been dropped and brought before the proper courts to ensure an impartial , binding decision . 
  did our side handle this properly , hell no , but your side is now basically banking on international pressure forcing us to accept this outcome . 
  this means that at best you can expect every ship straying even a meter over the border to get harrased as we do everything to obey the letter of the decision and nothing more or at worst , we ignore the pressure and double down on making sea access as painful as possible . 
  our side i can understand . 
  they 're just milking this for votes , but you guys have something of value that you can gain or lose or gain but in a way that makes it a loss , which makes the same political grandstanding even stupider . 
  we fought a war against serbia . 
  the bloodiest in post ww2 europe . 
  this tends to create a certain level of animosity . 
  the hungarian border is n't in dispute . 
  it is n't in dispute because the border was settled shortly after ww2 . 
  we have minor border disputes with all of our neighbors who were part of yugoslavia and the same is true for you . 
  the fact that all your border issues with your other neighbors were solved decades before you existed does n't say anything about your ability to solve these kinds of issues . 
  in this case , you are just as shit as we are . 
  you provide the corruption , we provide the drama . 
  we 're both proving that yes , these absolutely are the balkans . 
  a ) not beinh worse than your enemies does not make you a good guy b ) yes , they inspired countries to aggresively expand and constantly be ready for war . 
  they inspired people like hitler and nations like imperial japan . 
  c ) they had no humanitarian reasons . 
  they outsourced colonialism to a for profit company . 
  at no point during it 's colonial era was the empire there as anything but a chash cow, 
  he is , but mongolia is also kind of a backwards , shit country and that mentality has a lot to do with it . 
  placing the british empire on the same moral axis as a guy who was quite litteraly an unwashed savage who liked nothing outside of fighting , drinking and fucking is oddly fitting but does not proove the point you 're trying to make . 
  there 's being good at something and then there 's not being a shitty person . 
  plenty of very succesful people are aweful human beings and the same goes for countries . 
  being ruthless in your millitary conquest of the world makes you the bad guy . 
  we 're taking over the world is bad guy 101 and doing it exclusively for profit does not help . 
  when your goals are basically the same as isis ( their explansion goals are mostly focused on what were british and french colonial holdings ) while using many of the same methods ( violence , bribary , indenture and enslavement ) then you 're the bad guy . 
  the reason we do n't see the uk as evil is because they ended up on the winning side every time . 
  the prime example that might and a good pr machine , absolutely makes right . 
  here 's the thing though , you absolutely are . 
  there are only three relevant economies on the planet right now . 
  the us , china and the eu . 
  everyone else is different levels of unimportant . 
  perhaps that 's goimg a bit too far , but not by much . 
  unlike other minor economic powers , the uk is in a slightly worse position do to not having much in terms of raw materials compared to russia or canada or australia and also not being the the wild west of tech like japan or korea . 
  what keeps the uk relevant is financial services and while your customers like you for it , no foreign goverment likes the city . 
  as for poor deal makeing , i 'm reversing your original position . 
  short term gain from leaving the eu is very possible . 
  the current goverment is a ) willing to privatize anything and b ) desperate for positive resaults . 
  they will absolutely make deals that bring in lump sums of money now , that create the illusion of economic prosparity , while over time bleeding the uk dry . 
  there is a clear line here for any oportunist . 
  sell off as many services now as you can . 
  grab as much money as you can and run to the us before shit hits the fan . 
  the only reason not to do this is if they saw a way to stay in power in the long run , and given the last election , i would n't bet on that . 
  because the world shits on the little guy . 
  not only is the uk leaving the eu , it 's going about it horribly . 
  anyone from europe who follows uk news is pissed , which means a negative outcome is desirable for most europeans , even if it comes at a cost to them . 
  the uk 's economy is built on a fundation of being in the eu . 
  a lot of businesses will not be able to adapt and will fail . 
  when the situation starts looking bad , foreign interests will step in with short term solutions that will strip the uk if anything valuable it 's ready to give . 
  parliment will accept any and all such deals , because thinking long term costs them their jobs . 
  i 'm not saying no one could leave the eu and make a decent go of it , but the uk as it exists now will fail . 
  leaving the eu is an economic calamity and the current government is going to make it worse by selling the family silver to buy cake with `` everything is fine '' written in frosting . 
  there 's also the secondary factor of european banks and governments having a wested interest not to have their center of banking be in a foreign country . 
  it 's going to be death by a thousand cuts as regulations make doing business from london harder and harder until suggesting a new location is good enough of an idea to justify a few bonuses for the executives . 
  of course . 
  short term . 
  you wo n't have the benefits of the eu if you 're not in the eu . 
  if the lack of said benefits feels like punishment , well that 's because they happen to be very good . 
  also , the uk is special in that by virtue of being huge dicks about the leave thing , taking a hard stance is n't seen as a punitive measure against a leaving member , it 's a punitive measure against you . 
  if greece left , people would feel bad and there would be preasure to make it as good a deal as possible . 
  for the uk , i would really like to know a euro value for how much people would be willing to lose ( or from another perspective , to spend ) just to be petty . 
  i think we 're in the billions , tens of bilions even just to make sure brexit goes bad . 
  not to scare anyone else off , but simply out of spite . 
  from your newspapers and politicians , from the leave champaign and british redditors like you . 
  yes it 's a myth in so far that it ca n't happen , but there are plenty of people who want it to . 
  also , the `` in our best mutual interest '' argument kind of falls flat .
