  politicians use the money to essentially bribe the people and they not only happily accept , they begin to think that it 's their due . 
  it 's basically the macro version of this : http://www.nydailynews.com/news/money/woman-lottery-hoax-riot-ohio-coat-store-article-1.164852 a woman tells people she 'll pay everyone 's shopping up to 500 $ . 
  she was lying . 
  rather than being angry at her , their first instinct was to demand the store honor the promises made by some random woman who did n't even claim she was in any way affiliated with the store . 
  people began to loot the store . 
  they felt entitled to things they picked out for no other reason than that they happened to be there at the time . 
  that 's what happened to yugoslavia and what 's happening to greece , except the people doing the hoaxing actually had access to money for a good long time . 
  the country get 's money for no other reason than it 's a neutral/in the eurozone , and very quickly , people begin to believe that they actually earned it . 
  that they deserve what the government is giving them with no regards to how it 's being payed for . 
  you can protest to get laws , you can shout to repeal them , you can force the government to stop spending or to divert it , but what you simply ca n't do is shout in to an empty vault and demand it fill it self . 
  not quite true . 
  people want to feel pride and take credit for what their , or more realistically , other people 's ancestors did , but at the same time want no share in the blame . 
  `` why are n't you thanking us for all the good we did ? '', 
  `` why are you blaming us for all the things our ancestors allegedly did ? '', 
  correct , they are n't plotting the fall of the east , they want the east to feel hostility towards the west and vice versa , in order to weaken the german and french economies as well as generally seed mistrust within the union . 
  we 're pawns , noting more . 
  i 'm european . 
  from continental europe . 
  the uk was never a good fir because while geographically in europe , in their minds they 're an island sitting far away in the british ocean . 
  they do not want the kind of relationship the rest of us want . 
  it 's been obvious from the start that everyone would be better off with them being on the sidelines with strong ties , rather than being an actual eu member . 
  however , given the fact that they managed to piss off a lot of people , not just politicians , regular people , they created an us vs them dynamic that they ca n't just make go away . 
  which again , is n't random . 
  it 's like being the yank on r/soccer and telling everyone that soccer sucks and then complaining about all the hostility he 's getting just because he 's american . 
  that may be what you 're trying to get across , but when combined with the `` bloody foreigners '' and `` the polish stole our jobs '' comments , you might see how we 're hearing something different . 
  yes , that would in deed be the smart way to handle it . 
  sadly that no longer counts for much these days , so prepare for the worst and hope you have a sufficiently dark imagination . 
  people are n't bashing them because they went a different route . 
  no one bitched about iceland or norway or switzerland for not wanting to be in the eu , because their stance is `` we respectfully decline '' rather than being the worlds biggest dicks about it . 
  most people here do n't mind britain leaving . 
  hell , most , including my self welcome it since it 's been obvious for a long , long time that it 's not a good fit , but by god do they know how to piss people off . 
  family friends and relatives , all eurosceptics just a few months ago , all from the pre internet generation , they 're all pissed at the british because they 're taking the attacks against the eu personally . 
  the near universal attitude is one of `` well fuck you too ! '', 
  this is actually brilliant . 
  she promises nothing and will keep her promise . 
  it 's quite impossible to not deliver in this scenario . 
  sure , remain voters and leave voters who thought the deal would be more of a renegotiation than a severing of ties will be unhappy , but at least as far as the second group goes , she already has her defense ready . 
  `` you did it with your eyes open . '', 
  basically telling anyone who might regret voting leave `` what did you expect ? 
  are you some kind of idiot ? 
  this is exactly what you voted for . '', 
  here 's my prediction . 
  the narrative going forward is going to strongly revolve around the `` will of people '' the `` voice of the people '' her acting as the `` representative of the people '' , strongly emphasizing that this is not her baby and that the british people are n't idiots . 
  they knew there would be serious economic consequences , but chose the path of freedom , sovereignty and being a global power , aka stuff that ca n't really be measured . 
  it 's also really , really telling she 's calling the eu `` friends and allies . '', 
  combined with her flat out stating everyone that the uk is n't looking for membership in the single market , she 's telling us that she is n't going with the `` evil eu punishing us '' narrative . 
  as for us , we now know where we stand . 
  there will be no substantial deal . 
  this means that we have 2 years to get ready for the fallout . 
  this means having a plan for the irish economy so the reduced trade with the uk does n't hit them as hard . 
  having contingencies in place for the eu citizens currently living in britain , encouraging them to come back to the union proper in waves before any final decision is made and to have a plan for what to do if suddenly a few million people ( europeans with money ) need places to live and jobs . 
  done properly , this might work as a stimulus . 
  done improperly , we would have a quasi refugee crisis on our hands . 
  ultimately this is good news , not great news , but far better than most alternatives . 
  since we know that we should expect the worst possible outcome , we have time to really get ready , rather than sitting around hoping `` something get 's figured out . '', 
  since it seems like the plan is n't the classic `` blame the eu for everything '' the odds of actually potentially figuring things out goes up . 
  i 'm actually optimistic for once . 
  discussions about how and where the atomic bombs were to be used happened long before they even hit the drawing board . 
  which is a problem . 
  you tipically do n't want to give access to your nuclear stockpile to any nation willing to send in a decoy . 
  `` oh look , europe just went full retard , let 's pretend to be russians and get rid of both of them . '', 
  does not work for the reasons i stated in my initial post . 
  potentially true , but still , one could argue that most current day politicians also have personal aversions to dying horribly in a ball of nuclear fire . 
  then you also have stalin who did n't use his stockpile and churchill who only ever considered using chemical weapons after full air superiority was achieved and retaliation was no longer an issue . 
  and of course finally we have the decision to use nuclear weapons against japan , not germany . 
  on one hand one could argue that it was evident at the time the plans were being drawn up that germany was done . 
  on the other hand , there was the argument that if the bomb failed to detonate , it 's far safer for that to happen over japan than germany , since the germans might be able to salvage the weapon and turn it against the allies , again showing fear of retaliation as a primary concern when using such potent weapons . 
  and they 'll ignore you because why would n't they . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  no one is ending the world over an air space violation and everyone knows that . 
  they will test it , they will see you 're full of shit and then you 're left with a nuclear arsenal you just proved you are n't ready to use . 
  you actually lose credibility the more outrageous you make your stance . 
  you 're basically betting that not a single person on the enemies side , not a single general , officer , nco or soldier is willing to test you and that 's a bet you just ca n't win and everyone knows you ca n't win so they just assume you 're full of shit , because no one is going to put their family in the path of an atom bomb because of an air space violation . 
  there 's a reason why people use guns for home defense instead of suicide belts . 
  stop or i 'll shoot you is a credible threat . 
  stop or i 'll blow up my house with all of us in it , not so much . 
  again , you ca n't . 
  it simply does not work , because if they 're attacking you , they do n't believe you , which means you have to nuke them and then they nuke you back . 
  since you do n't want to get nuked , you ca n't nuke them in the first place making it all the more likely for the enemy to just assume you 're bluffing . 
  nukes stop wmd 's because the only attack where you would be comfortable responding with a nuke is one where you 're already facing mass destruction . 
  no one in paris or berlin or brussels is going to risk them selves getting nuked along with the rest of the continent , just to stop russia from taking lithuania . 
  that 's why you need conventional weapons . 
  weapons of first resort so that you have options that go beyond `` oh , a border incursion ? 
  whelp , let 's start the apocalypse . '', 
  they are n't . 
  nukes are defense against nukes , nothing more . 
  you simply can not use them against a conventional army if it 's backed by nukes it self because getting conquered is still preferable to getting nuked in return . 
  this is n't theory . 
  in ww2 both the nazis and the soviets had huge stockpiles of chemical weapons . 
  both had leaders with no apparent regard for human life and both were at one point on the brink of extermination , but both choose not to use their stockpiles , at all , for fear of retaliation in kind . 
  hitler and stalin were more afraid of their countries getting gassed than of the other sides armies . 
  today we have leaders far less comfortable with genocide , facing off against far more potent weapons . 
  want more proof of how ineffectual nuclear weapons are to conventional armies , india and pakistan , both nuclear powers , have constant border clashes and were actually briefly at war in 1999 . 
  nether side used their nukes . 
  for all their posturing , nether side is particularly suicidal . 
  yes . 
  that would be a really good start . 
  at least with biological creatures we know for a fact that they can feel pain . 
  however , you would need to make a computer from biological matter , which is little more than theory at the moment . 
  dead hand is meant to respond to nuclear annihilation .
