  a warm water port in the mediterranean that is n't restricted by straights belonging to a foreign power is something the russians would never give up , just like the warm water port in the baltic . 
  the executive , yes , the judiciary , yes , but the legislative branch has the peoples mandate to create , invalidate or modify any law or even the constitution . 
  here you only need a two thirds majority to change the constitution , no reelections , no referendums and seeing as the specific referendum question posed today is very poorly worded , one could technically just add `` marriage is also defined as a union between two women or two men . '', 
  in to the family law ( the law that currently governs marriage ) and it would not technically be unconstitutional . 
  the constitutional court might make a fuss if the decided to interpret the spirit of the constitution rather than it 's exact text , but they tend to follow the flow of public opinion so again , if the people decide to change their mind ( read : the ones opposed die off from old age in significant enough numbers ) on this issue so will the law . 
  the practical situation stays the same . 
  regardless of the outcome the people need to be convinced that marriage equality is not the end of the world . 
  on a side note . 
  am i the only one who thinks that it 's funny that the progressive forces are fighting for the expansion of marriage , the quintessential traditional and conservative institution and the conservatives are the ones saying `` fine do what ever you want in the bedroom , just , for the love of god , do n't get married . '', 
  seeing as the current government is against the referendum and they , not the people , would get a voice in any eu level decision , for the time being we would most certainly not pose an obstruction . 
  this is n't really true . 
  when the constitution needed to be changed in order for the eu entry referendum to pass ( the original threshold for entering a multinational union was 50 % of all eligible citizens and it was changed to 50 % off all votes cast ) and it was , without much trouble or fuss . 
  as soon as the political will exists to alter the constitution it will be only slightly more difficult than changing the current law . 
  this whole thing is the religious right telling the ruling ( socialist ) party that despite the weakness of the political right , they still very relevant . 
  just look at the croatian ports . 
  we have 3-4 big ports tops , but the coast is basically one big dark blue line . 
  i 'm from the light green region in croatia right next to slovenia and we tend to be more conservative than not ( 50/50 in the cities and towns , and mostly conservative in the full on rural areas ) that being said , it just occured to me that everyone and their mother goes to zagreb ( the capital ) for any kind of serious medical issue since it 's less than 1h away by car , so that could be keeping the numbers artificially low , and it might be keeping the numbers artificially high in slovenia if those happen to be the areas with the best medical care . 
  pff . 
  a free colonist and 5 % disciplin as their first national idea in addition to being a lucky nation . 
  cheap bastards . 
  may aragon and castille always have rulerst of the same gender !, 
  exactly , they have to work at being british . 
  they ca n't just wake up and say : `` i 'm a brit in britain so everything i do i british by default . '', 
  you have to wake up , put on your union jack undergarments , sing god save the queen , have tea , proper tea , not some hot fruity drink , at exactly 5pm and have some biscuits imported from england . 
  failing to do so might get one confused with the colonial rabble in rebellion and that just would n't do . 
  i 'm a firm believer in the idea that no one can really `` learn '' any language fully . 
  you need immersion and immersion at a young age . 
  having watched german tv and having played english videogames for most of my childhood , i became fluent in both languages . 
  granted , i was aided in this by having german in school as well as english as an extra curricular , but so did everyone else and to a man , everyone who merely studied the languages had severe difficulties grasping them , where as anyone who spend any significant amount of free time consuming media in a foreign language became proficient very quickly . 
  well yes , they did . 
  before we had 2d printers books had to be copied by hand . 
  then came the printing press and books became cheaper and more abundant . 
  with every new generation of 2d printers we got cheaper books that were more widely available . 
  while i know full well that you were reffering to home printers , the thing is a ) you can very much print certain books a heck of a lot cheaper than it would cost to buy them at a book shop and b ) books are a staple of mass produced products and as such buying one book out of a series of a million books , printed with cheap ink on cheap paper will naturally be cheaper than doing it your self at home . 
  houses however , are n't tipically mass produced and ca n't benefit from economies of scale nearly as well, 
  he talks ( well talked ) just like my grandfather who was born less than a 30min drive away from kumrovec where tito was born . 
  unlike serbia which was compleatly conquered by the ottomans , croatia is divided in to the german , hungarian and italian linguistical regions . 
  kajkavski , the dialect of northern croatia , especially it 's rural form is almost uninteligable to people from dalmatia , slavonia and not to mention serbia . 
  tito used certain russian turns of phrase translated in to croatian in the same way i sometimes try to do with english phrases . 
  my grandma actually met him and they had a short conversation in their dialect , full on rural kajkavski , the kind even i ca n't fully follow so ether the nkvd decided to give him extensive linguistical training in the obscure regional sub dialect of his home village while ignoring any such efforts for formal croatian or serbian or he actually was a native son who had his speech colored by the austro-hungarian army and then by his russian expedition . 
  no reason to downvote the man . 
  unions were specifically exempt frim anti trust laws because they very much had all the elements of a cartel . 
  in the past , certain cole mine owners used this to their advantage by getting the coal miners union to strike at their competitors mines so that they would go out of business and have to sell . 
  that 's not it . 
  a major problem wit unions is that they tend to empasise job security ( making it harder to fire workers ) over wages , and they tend to fight for seniority based pay raises instead of performance . 
  if you 're an average worker the union is a force for good . 
  for a sub par or bad worker , the union is the best thing since sliced bread , but if you 're a good or exelent worker , you may feel like you and your work is being levereged for the benefit of the lazy and inept . 
  realistically , the union tends to help even the best of workers since good workers get exploited just like everyone else , but they are n't wrong in thinking that the unions fight for a better deal for the worst members first and a better deal for best members last . 
  in other words , any time people band together to do something for the benefit of the whole group , there will always be people carying the slack for others . 
  and even if it is , it 's not like we did n't already know that global terrorist organizations were planing attacks in the eu . 
  that 's what they do and railways are an obvious target . 
  the idea was to combine a rail or coil-gun design where the object being accelerated was floating in the middle of multiple magnets and combining that with a vacuum tube design so as to reduce air resistance to zero . 
  i have no earthy clue as to how feasible this is , not to mention how smart it is to enter the atmosphere after exiting the vacuum tube at that speed , but it would be fantastic if it could be done ... and it actually ended up saving money . 
  no point in making a fancy vacuum railgun if it costs just as much as using a good old multi stage rocket . 
  my god , so it 's in the realm of doability . 
  thank you for your math skills . 
  damn it , i totally forgot about centrifugal forces . 
  well shit , looks like we need a straight track from portugal to poland . 
  can someone who 's good at math tell me how fast you would be going after accelerating at 45 m/s ^ 2 ( a bit less than 5gs ) for 3000km and would it be fast enough to achieve escape velocity ? 
  you can still use a railgun for humans , you just need to make the tracs long enough to allow survivable acceleration . 
  a system where you 're acceleraiting in a circle until you reach escape velocity and than the track swiches to the main ramp and shoots you in to space might be possible . 
  i 'm not saying she was correct . 
  by no means . 
  you could say that burma was considered to be part of the indian region ( being on the cost of the indian ocean , one can even say it still is ) but never , ever was burma the name for india . 
  india was formally known as hindustan or as the mughal empire . 
  the term `` india '' did not refer solely to the sub continent for most of the colonial history of europe . 
  india was considered to be everything from modern day india to the philippines , as long as it was n't china or australia . 
  this is why the dutch holdings in the pacific were reffed to as the dutch east indies . 
  germany is developing a system of converting wind and solar power into hydrogen gas , shiping the gas by using existing gas lines and reconverting it in to electricity at a loss that is lower than using high voltage cables . 
  they basically solved one of the top problems of renewables ( transportation and storage ) . 
  if there 's a new development in fission or fusion reactors , they know a guy . 
  if not , they have the other viable long term alternative . 
  it 's cities to see now . 
  london , paris , venice , florence , vienna , berlin , prag ... have bean on tourists radars for a long , long time . 
  if you travel through europe , chances are , you visited most of them at one point or another . 
  you do n't need a list to tell you to go to monte carlo or paris , but a list of lesser know , but still beautiful and interesting cities is actually useful . 
  in any modern democratic state , the perception of what you 're doing will always be far more important than what you are actually doing . 
  it 's a sad fact that unless you hype up your programs before , during and after , people will perceive them as less relevant , even if they have an immediate positive impact on their lives , than programs that have no effect but got a lot of hype . 
  it 's not enough to just do something well , if you do n't boast about it , it never happened and you lose the next election . 
  africa accounts for less than 1/5 of the worlds christian population , and last time i checked , south americans were mostly of spanish and portuguese descent , followed by people of mixed descent ( where one of the parents is spanish or portuguese ) and portugal and spain are traditionally seen as european countries . 
  compare this to islam where out of 1.62 billion followers , only about 370 million are of arabic descent . 
  christianity is primary centered in europe and former colonies with a majority of people of european descent . 
  sub saharan africa is the only really significant exception with 380 million out of 2.1 billion . 
  in asia the only the philippines have a truly significant christian population with some 83 million christians , the second most christian country ( by number of christians ) being china , followed by india and indonesia , where christianity is only a tiny part of the population . 
  to be fair , the principle way of spreading christianity was cristians moving to the americas and australia . 
  muslims of arabian descent are a minority , while the wast majority of christians are of european descent . 
  islam spread the religion , while christianity spread the religious . 
  a significant part of chinas current gdp comes from building massive cities and other building projects that lay empty . 
  they calculate the amount of gdp increse by adding up the asking price values of the apartments and houses . 
  since no one can buy in to them at the asking level and reducing the asking level would mean that a given regions gdp growth takes a hit , they just stay empty as they build more . 
  spain and nevada were over eager in terms of construction but they look like the saints of responsible building projects when compared to the chinese . 
  just wait for that bubble to burst and than we 'll see who 's in decline . 
  one thing to note . 
  there 's a huge difference between working and being at work . 
  you can have people be `` at work '' 80h a week and still get less than 10h of work done . 
  one relevant factor in regards to china is that they way chinese gdp is messured is very flawed . 
  a giant chunk of chinese gdp comes from it 's construction sector . 
  it is assumed that the building of buildings is creating wealth . 
  it is not . 
  china is littered with so called ghost cities , massive construction projects made for tens , even hundreds of tousads people each , that lay empty .
