  the european economy would be in shambles which would further depress the greek economy , no one would lend greece any money unless the conditions were nothing short of draconic and the fundamental problems that run through the greek economy from top to bottom remain unsolved so in a few years , greece is back to square 1 , ready to declare bankruptcy 2 . 
  greece spent more than it made before paying any interest . 
  there is litteraly no way to get out of debt in that situation other than austerity , while cracking down on tax evasion in a big way . 
  if i recall correctly , greece with a bit of help from goldman sachs faked it 's financials to get in to the euro and leveraged that in to the loans it could only repay on paper . 
  is that the recognition you were looking for ? 
  almost like a big fat roadblock voted to go away . 
  it 's still there , but can now be safely ignored , thank god . 
  the issues are those of conscription in to the military , taxation and legal jurisdiction . 
  when everything works fine , that extra citizenship is just a peace of paper , but when things start going wrong , you run in to all kinds of issues . 
  a child born in korea to korean parents obviously has korean citizenship , and after migrating to the us , if the child keeps the korean citizenship and decides to return after their 18th birthday , they will be forced to go in to the army . 
  on one hand , you might think that a foreign nation just kidnapped an american citizen , which is a problem , on the other , a country merely legally conscripted someone in to their armed forces . 
  the law is clear , but this does n't stop the situation from being exceptionally messy . 
  jurisdiction however , is exceptionally messy , in addition to being as clear as a block of lead . 
  criminals regularly abuse this by having a `` clean '' and a `` dirty '' passport , preventing both detection and extradition . 
  then there 's the somewhat serious , if not widespread problem of legal kidnapping , where a foreign parent has children with a local , takes them back home , and keeps them there . 
  a saudi father recently did this to his saudi/british daughter and the saudi government refuses to allow her to return home . 
  thanks, 
  i try, 
  you ether do n't understand what complete or what oposite means . 
  it 's really , really not , because again , central point , people are quite capable to get more dangerous . 
  germany , no threat to france . 
  germany , big threat to france . 
  you can still die in a car accident and drown in a swimming pool . 
  it 's an `` in addition to '' danger , not an `` instead of '' you 're the nth person giving this example and your giving it because it 's popular . 
  it 's popular because it was used to get people to fly . 
  whenever people are afraid to fly , airlines spend a lot of money to explain that you are more likely to die driving than you are to die flying . 
  this is a valid point . 
  yours is n't . 
  you 're still in exactly the same amount of danger you were before , from the regular thing that can kill you in every day life , but now you also have people actively trying to kill you . 
  they were somewhat unsuccessful so far , but , if or , more likely when they get their hands on chemical , biological or nuclear weapons , you do n't want to be somewhere , where you would be a likely target . 
  that 's what makes people with an intent to kill more dangerous than random accidents . 
  accidents are n't trying to get better at killing . 
  sure , exept what work ? 
  a small percentage may potentially be qualified and no enough english to get a job , but they do n't speak german or sweetish , some of the n. africans know french , but ultimately unlike mexican work migrants or turkish migrants to germany a few decades back , they are n't coming to fill a demand for cheap , unskilled labor . 
  the kind of jobs they could do basically do n't exist in europe any more and the few that do are already filled and backfilled . 
  moving north wo n't help accommodations . 
  when the czechs took in a few thousand people they actually had apartments , jobs and integration lessons ready for them . 
  they left within a month for a tent city in germany or a shanty in france . 
  you simply ca n't pull housing for millions of people out of your ass , especially if they all decided to go to the same place . 
  because a refugee traditionally only expects to get temporary refugee from a conflict before going back home when it 's safe . 
  there really are n't huge differences in the quality of refugee camps and accommodations within europe . 
  however , this is not a refugee crisis , it 's a mass migration crisis as western nations have made it clear they have no intention of sending anyone back . 
  that 's actually perfectly fine with me . 
  out of 500.000 people who went through my country , exactly 2 decided to stay in spite of everyone being offered asylum , but if the point is mass migration , there are better ways to do it than this survival of the fittest nonsense and if we accept that they 're looking to permanently settle in developed countries , what 's the point of redistribution . 
  have the countries that are in this come pick them up in greece , italy , spain , n. africa and the middle east and send them to their new homes in an orderly fashion . 
  the alternative being what exactly ? 
  the rest of europe financeing greece in perpetuity ? 
  greece spends more than it makes and ca n't borrow enough on the open market to bridge the difference . 
  if the solution is to tax the rich and stop tax evasion , that 's not something anyone can do from the outside . 
  the international community can tell the greek government to spend less , that 's it . 
  if you need something off amazon , co.uk is the way to go . 
  why is there a big empty blank space here ? 
  it looks like someone was trying to make a comment , but now it 's gone . 
  oh well , probably not important . 
  he 's technically incorrect , but not really . 
  politically , the uk is out . 
  while the uk technically still has veto power over decisions that require unanimous approval , those will simply be delayed until the uk is no longer a member and possibly , if a unanimous vote were required for something and the uk was holding it back , it 's entirely possible the effective veto would be ignored ( since the only remedy for such a breach is the uk leaving the eu , which does n't really constitute a problem ) on issues that do not require a unanimous vote , the uk is already a non factor . 
  impact of a decision on the uk is ignored . 
  science funding and projects are excluding uk researchers do to the extreme risk of dumping funds in to a project that will ether be defended half way through ( if it 's being done in the uk ) or will lose key researchers ( if british researchers are working in the eu ) the uk is slowly and gradually being transitioned out . 
  the big legal decisions and changes obviously wo n't come to pass any time soon , but all of the small practical changes will get implemented by people simply not considering or actively avoiding the uk when starting a new project , funding one or renewing one . 
  other countries are already bidding to take over eu institutions located in the uk and once their new home is determined , they 'll start moving regardless of the uk 's status at the time . 
  those will be the visible effects , but the big changes wo n't come from people doing things , they 'll come by omission . 
  as people have pointed out : a ) it was n't legally binding b ) cameron also promised to immediately invoke article 50 but got out of it by resigning c ) even it were binding , it 's form is so vague , even if it were n't a glorified opinion pole , it would still be abut as effective because it lacks the proper form of a binding referendum ( the proper form requiring things like a specific goals , timetables ect . 
  the current question can be followed by simply stating they 'll get to it until the end of time since there was no date set ), 
  it means that everyone without a valid passport wo n't be able to travel to the uk which does make it relevant to tourism . 
  europeans are slowly adopting the american habit of not having one , since 99 % of the places most people would ever consider visiting do n't require one . 
  it 's a bit of a hassle and can be expensive . 
  it wo n't have a profound effect , but spontaneous trips to the uk will go down significantly and that 's bound to have an impact , because if even a single member of a group or family does n't have a valid passport , they 'll just go somewhere else . 
  it 's by design , and it 's our fault . 
  people do n't vote for a politician if he promises them suffering today for better tomorrow . 
  everyone wants something now . 
  once upon a time i was convinced the political system was based on politicians bribing the voters to get in to power . 
  now i 'm getting the sense that it 's a bit of bribery , but a whole lot of blackmail . 
  give us the thing we want or we 're voting for the other guy . 
  because that will go over well . 
  hey , you , working person , we need you to pay for old people and could you please also pay for your self , because you wo n't be getting any money as an old person . 
  who can afford that ? 
  there simply are n't enough people working to pay for every pension , every unemployment and social benefit , for schools , hospitals and other services and for a special fund for them selves . 
  people would go broke if their car or boiler or any major appliance stopped working . 
  this kind of thinking got us where we are . 
  sacrificing the future to preserve the past . 
  here 's what we actually need to do . 
  the population needs to get younger . 
  that means on the front end we need more kids , and on the back end we need to throw everyone a 75th birthday party with all you can take booze , drugs and extreme activities that they parkete in until their tickers give out . 
  we can ether acknowledge that the problem is people living way to long after getting passed working age and start actually solving the problem now , or we can pretend like we can preserve the current system long enough to transition in to something else , and see things collapse mid way , leaving millions of seniors penniless and alone . 
  italians are at work more . 
  that 's all that number tells you . 
  the reason i 'm painfully aware of the difference between working and being at work is that i experienced the difference between working here and working in germany . 
  my experiences in croatia see somewhat universal as most of my friends experienced the same , where as i only have one data set for working under germans , but my experience is as follows . 
  in croatia you get to work on time , chat a bit with you coworkers , go to your desk , turn on your computer , complain about how long it takes , go for a cup of coffee while you wait , chat with your colleagues , sit down at your computer , check your email , facebook and other social media , get hungry , stop for breakfast , drop by a different department to talk with a friend , get back to your desk , share a bit of gossip , do a bit of actual work before someone asks you to join them for a smoke break ( they only ask if you do n't smoke , if you do add taking a smoke break between every other point on the list ) i would be shocked if people did more that 4-5h of actual work in an 8h work day . 
  i translate , so i get paid by page , and while it was nice how quickly people got to know me and wanted to include me in office activities ( and i did participate as much as time permitted ) it was still distracting , especially in the morning . 
  if i was the boss however , i would be horrified . 
  working for germans was almost stereotypical . 
  efficient as all hell . 
  people did their job and socialized when they were done with a task . 
  people were less approachable on a personal level , but eager to explain how something worked or was done when asked . 
  8 hours of work was actually damn close to 8 full hours of work . 
  what would that achieve ? 
  they could still be recalled by a new commission . 
  you can defer your own powers , but not your successors .
