  while ukip and fn did win the most votes out of any party in england and france , they only got about a quarter of the votes total , and the other 75 % , while not exactly best friends are still united in a `` fuck those guys '' sentiment . 
  internal war in the eu is about as likely as civil war 2 is in the us and a successful external invasion is even less of a possibility . 
  the eu 's defence budget is more than sufficient and the us has bean relocating it 's assets out of europe for the last 3 decades . 
  what europe does n't have is power projection capabilities . 
  we 're basically switzerland . 
  no one 's really scared of us , but no one 's lining up to invade us ether . 
  canada is a non entity when it comes to global politics . 
  it has 2 assets . 
  raw materials witch it sells to the us and a relatively strong economy , that it got by said raw material sales to the us . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  cooperation with canada is fine by me , but in global aliance terms they 're not exactly a partner that will make the rest of the world piss their pants . 
  let 's be perfectly honest here . 
  in n. america we have a massive majority with a european background ( be it english , spanish , german , italian , french , irish , polish ... ) that worships one form of christianity or another . 
  a minority of people of african descent who had european cultural norms , values and religion thrust upon them . 
  asian minorities who have for the most part shead their cultural identities by the 2nd generation and finally the new arrivals who were , for the most part , well on their way to integrating even before setting foot on us or canadian soil . 
  even the native peoples have largely adapted a `` if you ca n't beat 'em , join 'em '' attitude . 
  there exist an almost irresistible american monoculture so strong it bends cultures around the world towards itself . 
  i would argue that it 's not so much an example of multiculturalism as it is proof positive that people of all racial , linguistic , ethnic and national backgrounds can coexist as long as they share a single culture and agree to only add ethnic flavor ( food , music , holidays ... ) but no ethnic or cultural baggage . 
  more like post ww2 america deciding that the dismantling of the french and british empires was for the best . 
  britain was a superpower , at least on paper until the suez crisis and eisenhowers threat to sell off french and british bonds and crash their respective economies if they decided to go through with military intervention in egypt . 
  by backing down france , and especially britain were officially demoted to supporting roles on the world stage . 
  yes . 
  more to the point , nationalist have similar views , but they all center around their nation or ethnicity being great and all others being shit so someone else who says : `` no , we 're awesome and you guys are the ungeziefer ! '', 
  they wo n't be recieved with open arms . 
  i would assume it 's because we kind of all know what it looks like . 
  it does n't make a lot of sense , but on the flip side , when else are you going to see the nazi prussia flag ? 
  we start with an airforce . 
  planes have the dual benefit of being a very potent weapon while being easy to relocate and at the same time not comming off quite as scary as a unified army . 
  the current mish-mash of planes is a significant problem . 
  a single airforce with a single budget could probably cut costs enough do to economies of scale to make the force larger and more effective , while not costing significantly more . 
  even just putting all the planes under one command would remind potential enemies of what they need to overcome in order to win . 
  the primary goal of any european millitary should be detering an enemy from even considering going to war since fighting one will be unplesent even in victory . 
  gdp per capita is useless for measuring quality of life . 
  if one country has a relatively even wealth distribution and another is very top heavy , the top heavy one could have a higher gdp per capita , but most people would still be very poor . 
  here 's the thing about militaries . 
  no one needs them until they do and if you do n't have one when you need one you are most likely fucked . 
  the good news for germany is that it 's no longer in the midst of enemies . 
  if it were up to me i would strive to make germany europes airforce . 
  air power is the cornerstone of any defense strategy . 
  planes and helicopters can be deployed and fighting within hours and do extream damage to any attacker while at the same time they do n't really make sorounding countries jumpy in the same way tanks do . 
  you need boots and weels and tracks on the ground for an occupation . 
  buy gold , raaly cheap @, 
  that would be russias fault . 
  i would n't be too sure about china . 
  a few years back , construction took over as the largest segment of chinise gdp . 
  in and of it self , that would n't be a problem , but a large number of their construction projects , in some chases whole cities made to house hundreds of thousads of people . 
  are empty and already starting to fall apart . 
  the problem lies with the fact that the central government is demanding significant growth from each and every region . 
  the regional party officials build buildings , pick a number they could sell , or rent it for ( if they were in bejing ) and presto , they just made a 50,000,000 $ profit on a 100,000,000 $ project ... on paper . 
  in reality they spent 100,000,000 $ on empty living and business space . 
  they ca n't lower the price , because even if they managed to make a profit , anything below the projected amount ends up looking like a loss on paper . 
  china is basically nevada or spain on elephant steroids right now . 
  an overwhelming supply of buildings made , buildings being constructed and workers working in construction , for monstrusly inflated demand . 
  in other words , a huge bubble that , when it bursts , could shake the chinese economy and political system to the core . 
  that place survived 2 world wars as well as the yugoslav war . 
  i ca n't speek for greece , but my coworkers here in croatia recently got all high and mighty about how they worked so much more than the germans ( there was a newspaper article comparing workhours in europe , the us , japan , canada and australia ) on paper we do work almost 8h longer every week and we do n't tend to get payed for the overtime . 
  the problem is that while we are at work , this is bot the same thing as actually working . 
  having had the pleasure of working with germans ( and bear in mind this is just my petsonal experience but the data seems to back it up ) it 's all work , all the time . 
  have a moment off ? 
  do some cleaning . 
  responsibilities are a cakewalk ? 
  take on more . 
  smalltalk ? 
  sure : `` how 's your work getting along ? '', 
  working here is far less stressful . 
  despite the fackt that 2/3 of the workers basically have to carry the last third , even the `` workoholics '' take the time to drink their morning coffee , have a little chat with everyone and than slowly ease them selves in to work mode . 
  aparently , my company has gotten quite a bit more efficuent since they banned taking smoking breaks . 
  people used to spend something like 40-90min outside smoking , and only when the non smokers requested that these breaks be made official so that everyone could use them , did management decide to just ban them . 
  my point is , i really do n't care how long someone 's at work . 
  that number means nothing . 
  if you can do the same amout of work in less time , you are a better worker , but the using the work hour statistic makes you out to be lazy . 
  as previously stated , i have no idea just how productive greek workers are , but the number of hours spent at work tells you exactly nothing in this regard . 
  it 's important to remember that children moving out and living on their own is not the norm , it 's a recent historical fad that took root in western europe and the us in the early to mid 20th century and really hit it 's peak in the 60 's and 70 's when the first post war generation grew up . 
  multiple generations of a family living under one roof is normal . 
  social programs for the elderly and a mass increase in wealth created the atomic family . 
  the truth is though , people generally are n't rich enough to afford to live so much apart and by the 80 's and 90 's the system was no longer fueled by income but by credit . 
  now that credit is drying up , thing are simply going back to normal . 
  people live at home until they can earn enough to move away and start a family and as their parents get older they move back in with their kids . 
  the grandparents contribute their pensions and take care of the kids , while the parents work . 
  it 's not an ideal situation , but it leaves everyone financially far better off and allow for easier maintenance of a middle class standard of living . 
  google has hqs all over europe while smaller websites of that kind tend to be based somewhere else and have no offices or assets in europe . 
  it 's kind of like online gambling . 
  small sites based in central america can circumvent us law just like smaller video streaming sites can avoid german law . 
  if a government ca n't prosecute , they can use as much copyrighted material as they want . 
  i ride 40-50 year old trains built in czechoslovakia under soviet rule . 
  they too have this feature and it still works so i have to agree . 
  extradicion in criminal chases and jurisdiction in civil chases are two fundamentally diferent things . 
  since there were no damages incured in the us , a us judge has no right to determin if the action of the railway rose to negligence as defined in the us . 
  the problem for the uk kid was that the us could at least make a plausable claim that a crime had bean commited in the us . 
  hacking a computer that 's in the us would obviously be a crime commited in the us regardless of the hackers location . 
  this was not the chase here but it was the basic principal that the us gov used when asking for extradition . 
  here , there 's no way for anyone to claim that the railway had caused the woman damages in the us . 
  if she 's claiming that the us based third party is at fault , she may have a chase , but here she would have to prove that the person selling her the ticket knew that the the trainstation was unreasnobly unsafe . 
  tipical american , ca n't even destil the colective culture of 300 million people . 
  please bear in mind that in the interest of your own safety , that after the phrase `` please stay back '' the entery and exiting of the train is no longer alowed and please mind the gap between the tracks and the subway door . 
  do you by chance know how the f-35 won . 
  last i heard the us air force and navy were having quite a few difficulties with the plane . 
  it did not live up to expectations . 
  did this change or did the plane just look good on paper ? 
  you can be certain that had yugoslavia become a part of the ussr , there would be a similar exclave on the adriatic .
