  even if there 's not a chrisis on the horizon , not having people there that know russian is incredible negligence . 
  if this happened to say , portugal ( far away and not a global player ) it would be funny , but for the uk to fuck up this badly , it would be hilarious if it was n't tragic . 
  as they should . 
  the right wing in europe is coming around on lgbt matters but even if they were n't between the group that denies their right to marry and the group they denies their right to exist , i know who i would pick . 
  you 're so cute when you think you 're relevant . 
  it 's adorable . 
  officially , no one cares that their technically all correct . 
  it 's like how watermelons are berries but strawberries are not . 
  while true , it 's entirely irrelevant to anyone outside the relevant field . 
  as far as the rest of the world is concerned you can spell color with q and call trucks blingy blongy chuck chuck thingamabobs . 
  look . 
  i know how you feel . 
  i had to get used to the fact that the wrong way of saying aluminum ( of course it 's aluminium why on earth did they get rid of the second i ?! ), 
  is how you 're supposed to say it in english . 
  it was hard but eventually i accepted it , and eventually you will too . 
  again , your basic your argument of facts that , while true , no one cares about . 
  i would n't count on the former colonies carrying the torch for long ether . 
  they young will watch american entertainment just like everyone on the planet and in a decade , will speak the same american english as everyone else . 
  no one , and i do mean no one , cares enough to try and keep british english alive outside of the uk . 
  look , let 's get real . 
  the language is called , english , but it 's american . 
  just like portugal lost portuguese to brazil , you lost english . 
  it belongs to the americans . 
  they won the culture war . 
  there is no u in color . 
  trucks are called trucks , not lories . 
  when i 'm sick i go to the hospital . 
  as much as it irks me personally , it 's aluminum , not aluminium . 
  you can argue based on history , origin , tradition , scholastic work or any number of other factors , and you can be right on all of them , except the important one . 
  when people think of english , it 's english from the midwest of the us . 
  everything else is a dialect . 
  yes , yes , i 'm sure you make good point 's on why that should n't matter , but no one cares . 
  the best you can hope for is polite acknowledgement that you are in deed the original english speakers , while we take our cues about spelling and grammar and pronunciation from the americans . 
  with all due , respect , most eastern european countries could use the west taking a few thousand of our own unemployed citizens off our hands . 
  you 're running huge hotel chains and are wondering why we ca n't take in at least one person to live in our two room apartment that we already share with a friend and relative . 
  if we 're lucky , croatia 's economy will be back to 2008 . levels of not quite miserable poverty by 2050 . 
  we have 3000 military veterans living in tents in our capital . 
  the financial crisis ruined 15 % of our industry . 
  a third of our population has to live on what they make during the 3 month tourist season . 
  unemployment is at an all time high . 
  pensions barely cover basic survival , but sure , we can take in more desperate people . 
  sure , they would be forced in to miserable poverty and our already shitty situation would get a bit more shitty , but yeah , why not , sending the m hear would be a hardship , but if they stayed in germany the whole country would collapse . 
  if that means your against the quotas and want to take them all in , you have the full support of 90 % of the nay sayers here . 
  slovakia however will take in every legitimate asylum seeker that asked for one . 
  slovakia has an anti german , more than an anti refugee stance on this , as do most eastern european countries . 
  we do n't mind helping legitimate refugees , but do n't see why we should help germany and the west in kicking these people out of your countries . 
  your shitting on us and shitting on them and we want no part in it , but everyone who actually askes and qualifies get 's asylum . 
  a few years back frankfurt bought the nyse ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2011-02-15/deutsche-boerse-nyse-directors-said-to-vote-today-on-combining-exchanges ) i have no idea how this affects the rankings but it 's telling that the heart of ny finance belongs to frankfurt . 
  you have the exact same problem if they move on . 
  they will stop somewhere and that somewhere might as well be on the border . 
  do n't be absurd . 
  if germany so much as hints at the fact that every refugee that can qualify for a job will be allowed to stay in germany , they 'll all do their best to prove that . 
  furthermore , the process is time consuming at the best of times and hardly doable when the people are only interested in moving on . 
  germany and the other destination countries are the only ones who can determine the skilled and unskilled laborers amongst the refugees . 
  if the destination countries then decide to keep everyone , that 's fine . 
  if however , they are to be distributed throughout europe , as you claim sharing the burden is only fair , i say it would be only fair if that we pick who we want to fill the quotas first . 
  if you wish , gender , age and faith can be withheld , but professional qualifications must be determined and made known to the new host countries . 
  germany can afford to take in unskilled laborers and can afford to give them proper training . 
  eastern european countries have more unskilled labor than we know what to do with and no capacity for improvement , while at the same time we 're suffering from drain drain in favor of the west . 
  it 's obvious that transferring people who came to germany back to croatia will be done against their will . 
  same goes for sending people to any eastern european country . 
  the only way quotas will work is if the refugees are given the guarantee that upon arrival they will have a well paying job and the option of full eu citizenship if they comply with the quota assignment for a certain number of years . 
  anything else will lead to riots in germany as those refugees that are to be displaced resist . 
  resistance from easter nation to take on an unfair burden and finnaly cooperation between eastern nation 's and displaced refugees where we just give them full citizenship so they can circumvent the quotas . 
  to put this bluntly . 
  since we are on the same page as the refugees , if you try and force through quotas without any concessions , we will work together to find ways to circumvent your rules . 
  if you then dismantle your institutions and revoke or restrict the free movement of labor , we will start making them fake passports for your countries and failing that , smuggling them in , not officially mind you , this will be us turning a blind eye to that kind of illegal activity . 
  ultimately , you have 3 choices . 
  1 ) forget about the quotas and let them all stay where they want to stay . 
  2 ) come to a compromise that is truly fair 3 ) dismantle the eu and kick out the refugees you do n't want we are not going to let you be the good guys unless you take on the full burden . 
  it 's natural for them to be less than enthusiastic , but seeing as they 're the ones invoking fairness it 's hard to justify why the rich nation 's would need to keep the qualified labor when they can take on the burden of the unqualified workers and tech them to do skilled jobs far easier than the poor nation 's . 
  well obviously . 
  the consensus in the east is , if shit goes down , ether we get help from the us , or we 're on our own . 
  maybe the british come and help , but no one excepts a thing from germany . 
  are you this delusional ? 
  the refugees are coming in and going to the rich countries . 
  the quotas do one thing and one thing only . 
  they take the people who got to germany and ship them back somewhere else . 
  find me one refugee who wants to come to eastern europe . 
  there are n't any . 
  they 're all coming to live in the west and quotas exist to make sure they ca n't do that . 
  no one wants them in the east except the west . 
  in what universe is sending them here helping them ? 
  how are they better off being poor and miserable here than being poor and miserable in turkey . 
  they want a better life , not bare bones survival which is all we can offer , do you seriously no get that ? 
  the rich countries want them out . 
  that 's why they want the quotas . 
  there 's no need for quotas to let them in to europe since they 're all coming in anyway and they wo n't stop until they reach the west . 
  they could stop in hungary , croatia , slovenia or any other country they 're going through and request asylum , but they do n't . 
  they move on . 
  quotas are about kicking people out , not taking them in . 
  ah yes , the nobility of the western european . 
  so concerned about the poor refugees , but willing to ship them around like cattle to make a political point . 
  who is this we ? 
  croatia ca n't take care of it 's own poor . 
  our spare capacities are in the red . 
  yes , physically taking in people and making sure they do n't die is doable , but they did n't come here to be condemned to perpetual , miserable poverty . 
  who are these quotas helping exactly . 
  it 's not small eastern european countries and it 's certainty not the refugees . 
  the only ones who benefit are the rich countries and i really do n't see why we should be doing them any favors since they 're the ones who fractured the middle east , then supported the rebels who tried to overthrow assad and eventually became isis and now invited them here .
