  if they 're anything like croatia their priests have contacts not only in syria but in the whole of the middle east and africa with local priests who can advise and confirm the truthfulness of individual claims . 
  not at all . 
  banning all males from entering of giving priority to women is a very smart move . 
  they are less dangerous , far more ready to integrate and are doubtlessly in greater need of help as they are a group that 's discriminated against even in peace times . 
  i would fully support opening the border for all women and their young children and after all of them are safe , we start letting in the men on a chase by chase basis . 
  we obviously ca n't help everyone so why not specifically help those who need it the most . 
  how does first come first serve make sense if we know exactly who the people in greatest peril are . 
  that 's actually brilliant . 
  no they are not . 
  there is no way to get directly from syria to slovakia . 
  they need to cross safe nation 's first and as soon as they do , they become regular migrants . 
  you physically can not be a refugee in slovakia . 
  refugees need to stay in the first safe country they reach or if they leave them become normal migrants . 
  since slovakia is landlocked and there are no direct flights from syria , everyone coming in is by definition no longer a refugee . 
  basically , they do n't have to move on , they want to move on and are consequently not entitled to any special status . 
  exactly this . 
  we get to be the jailers . 
  those grand distribution plans end with us getting every immigrant deemed to risky for the countries they want to be in and then we get the job of keeping them here . 
  norway is one of the wealthiest countries in the world . 
  slovakia was poor by east block standards . 
  200 is probably about 200 too many . 
  and we should care about your preference because ? 
  common everywhere . 
  europeans hardly invented the superiority complex . 
  it just so happens that european nations could back up their claims of being top dog . 
  why would n't he ? 
  please do n't send money . 
  technically we have sufficient funds that are allocated for use here to make up what we pay in and then some , but the bozos in charge do n't like to take free money if it means someone might look over their shoulder and see them doing something illegal with it . 
  we arrested the prime minister on corruption charges mostly because he did n't keep his crimes in country . 
  consequently , there is fear among the politicians that they might be next so they prefer to steal locally . 
  no strings attached money will just go down the drain . 
  a free and open market is really all we need . 
  someone peeking in to the various back rooms of the rich and powerful to see what they 're up to would n't hurt ether . 
  as far as refugees go , helping is good , but i strongly encourage discrimination based on gender and age . 
  ( women and children first ) as well as making it clear that once the situation settles down they are going back unless they can prove a high degree of integration . 
  the assimilation of muslims in to european culture has been an abysmal failure and the people of iraq and syria where these european muslims are fighting are paying for that . 
  the outcome here might be even worse so every measure needs to be taken to get these people on board or send them home at the first possible moment . 
  let me be perfectly blunt . 
  my country is a semi functional state , perpetually on the verge of financial ruin , populated by a very large number of unemployed former soldiers who are xenophobic in a way that probably only an irishman who lived through the bad old days when the ira was still a big deal could properly comprehend . 
  sending dark skinned muslims to a country filled with bitter war vets angry at everything and obsessed with a glorious past , the last 500 years of witch can be boiled down to us being exceptionally good at killing muslims , might be a less than brilliant idea . 
  even if sending them here would n't lead to bloodshed , it would , but let 's pretend it would n't , they would still be subject to perpetual poverty and would drag us down even further . 
  this is the next catastrophe for our country . 
  we literally just managed to stop our gdp from falling 2 months ago . 
  we 're at 0,2 % growth and ecstatic about it and now for some reason someone thought it was a good idea to send them here ? 
  we are barely grasping for air . 
  we may very well sink as is , let alone if other try and grab on to us . 
  we have more than sufficient misery here as is . 
  guilt tripping us wo n't work because we 're way to desperate to feel guilt . 
  between economic collapse and having to mentally get ready to fight the russians ( maybe it does n't feel like it in the west , but a lot of people here think that war is likely ) we do n't need this . 
  we will spill blood for this union and we will support others in their charity , but we simply ca n't give any our selves . 
  you 're the ones offering and they 're asking you . 
  send immigrants to ireland and they will stay put , but send them here and they 'll leave the first chance they get and then we get to jailers for the people you selected to leave . 
  this is also an issue by the way . 
  who would the west be sharing with us ? 
  families who speak an european language ? 
  hard workers willing to integrate ? 
  or would be get the rejects . 
  young single men that ca n't be proven to have a criminal record or terrorist ties , but they act violently or suspiciously . 
  how do we know we wo n't just get the troublemakers ? 
  since they 're coming to you you ultimately get to pick and i simply do n't believe the west wo n't just take the safest people . 
  the last time we needed help we got a weapon trade ban imposed , forcing us to fight one of the best equipped armies in europe with hunting rifles and 50 's era military equipment . 
  you also decided to take in people who deserted the military and treated them like refuges . 
  fighting men we needed and needed desperately . 
  when the genocide was happening in bosnia , european military units were within shooting distance and did nothing . 
  it 's not that solidarity means nothing to us , it 's that solidarity means nothing in general . 
  we 're honest about not wanting refugees . 
  the refuges do n't mind since they do n't want us ether . 
  you also do n't want refuges , but want to shift the blame down the line . 
  you want to dump people somewhere else , but without the guilty conscience of sending them home . 
  tough luck . 
  you want to help them . 
  hell , we 'll even pitch in financially , but they want to stay in the west and we agree that that 's where they should be if they ca n't be sent home . 
  right now , true . 
  a few decades ago , the threat of economic annihilation was very real and as mentioned , was used against our two principal powers with great effect . 
  not to mention , germany genuanly having no agency for the longest time after the war . 
  western europe . 
  we were subjects to colonial powers as well . 
  also , there 's a difference between the unintended consequences of colonialism , and the express goal of pacification . 
  europe is exactly how the us wanted it to be so it 's kind of silly to complain that we do n't have the military you very much wanted us not to have . 
  portugal got a massive chunk of the development fund when it came in , more than all of e europe combined since it was the poorest country by far upon entery . 
  i 'm sorry , should have been more specific . 
  i agree about the army part , but remember , the us pacified europe . 
  you wanted allies and trading partners who would n't be a military threat so you put a boot on germany and pulled the teeth out of the french and british millitaries when you succesfully threatened to dump thir national bonds and ruin their economies during the suez chrisis ( egypt nationalized the suez channel , eng and fra took military action but eisenhower stepped in and stoped it ) there were very good reasons for this , but always bear in mind , for better and for worse europe is what it is today , mostly because of the us . 
  a ) no we 're not . 
  most eastern european countries take out about as much as they put in . 
  poland being the exception , but also the big success story b ) we actually do need help . 
  war torn former colonies just like the people coming in , but we are expected to have our shit together in the same way as countries who were first the beneficiaries of colonies and then were n't russian puppets c ) it 's not our business . 
  they are n't coming to eastern europe for help , nor did eastern europe cause or contribute to their plight . 
  why not ask south korea for help since they 're about as involved in this as we are d ) when we can help , we do . 
  slovakia and estonia , in spite of having a much lower gdp as well as gdp per capita , contributed to the bailing out of greece unlike southern europe , we did n't get billions in free money . 
  we got a free market and had good business practices imposed on us . 
  that 's fine . 
  more than fine . 
  we 're making a better than decent go of it and are doing so without causing any problems for anyone else . 
  what we 're also not doing is stopping anyone from taking in as many reffuges or immigrants as they like . 
  you want them and they want you and there would be no issue at all except , you do n't really want them . 
  you 're the hypocritical assholes with the `` not in my back yard attitude . '', 
  these people want help from you and if you wanted you could give it to them , but it 's easier to just turn them around , dump them on us while you explain , eyes full of tears , that it 's the evil easterners fault for not taking them in . 
  your rejects . 
  the people you looked over and deemed to hard assimilate , to risky or dangerous .
