  forget the number . 
  how many is secondary and we can always just say there 's no room . 
  who we 're getting is the more important issue . 
  we can take 10.000 people is those people are skilled workers with a decent education in fields where we have deficits . 
  if we can get them everything is fine , but what i suspect will happen is the germans taking everyone they can use and dumping the rest on to us . 
  10.000 professionals is a boon , 1000 unskilled laborers is a riot waiting to happen . 
  there is one thing about quotas we should be talking about now . 
  how the winners and losers in the `` new home country '' lottery are getting picked . 
  as i mentioned in a comment above , my principal issue is n't with taking in people . 
  as long as the quotas are reasonable , 1-3 thousand people at first and maybe up to 10k over a few years it 's doable , but under once condition . 
  we pick who we 're getting , no exceptions . 
  there is no way in hell we can let germany hand pick the people they can use to enrich their economy and then dump the dregs on us . 
  i guarantee that they 'd even have the gall to say how we 're the ones fucking up because the trained and educated work force they took on is working out splendidly . 
  we get skilled labor that fills holes in our economies and the refugees get to know they 're going to a country that expressly wanted them , rather than getting dumped on to an unwilling host and germany get 's it 's quotas . 
  it 's a win for everyone ... as long as everyone is being hones about their intentions . 
  stupid , no . 
  call me conspiratorial , but what i see here is a two step plan . 
  1 ) invite as many people in to germany under the guise of providing humanitarian aid 2 ) select the qualified workers , the quality human resources , the young and educated among them and distribute everyone else to other countries i 'm not saying everyone is in a grand conspiracy . 
  i am saying that it seems fishy they would be pushing so hard for quotas when it 's clear the people coming to germany will not want to go somewhere else and also saying nothing about how people will be selected for redistribution . 
  i know there are some idealistic morons who do n't understand that sending a refugee to eastern europe is about as generous as sending them to turkey , but i ca n't believe most of them do n't . 
  they see opportunity and a way to turn this in to an advantage . 
  what 's worse . 
  after the redistribution is over the 'll get to show how well the people they hand picked are doing and that failure to integrate , poverty and all the other problems surrounding the people they 'll dump on us are obviously out fault . 
  values like forcing people out of their chosen country and in to certain poverty in eastern europe . 
  yeah , that seems noble . 
  this is true , but even if it were n't it should n't matter . 
  why should we care about other countries taking in our immigrants . 
  we want people to stay . 
  we did n't go anywhere . 
  do the syrians who stayed in syria owe us anything ? 
  they are n't being offered safety and can make a good chase why the mess is our fault . 
  helping people in immediate danger , fine . 
  taking in the families of soldiers fighting isis , widowed women and orphaned children ? 
  of course , but for everyone else there needs to be a local solution . 
  we need to work with turkey and help with the camps there . 
  we need to work with assad and carve out a safe zone in syria . 
  a large area we can secure with our militaries . 
  everyone not from a warzone get 's kicked out . 
  everyone who commits a violent crime get 's kicked out or sentenced to jail depending on severity . 
  make it clear that europe is offering humanitarian aid only . 
  we 're not america 2.0 . 
  we are not the land of second chances , we are not the land of opportunity so opportunists best stay away . 
  this last part is n't a proposal . 
  it 's cold hard fact . 
  europe has no need for 99 % of them . 
  people who were poor at home will be poor here . 
  people who were middle class at home will likely be poor here . 
  these are n't tribes people living in huts . 
  they already had basic western standards of living . 
  they are n't impressed by electricity , running water and standard household appliances . 
  those not running for their lives want a middle or upper middle class life , and that 's just not on offer . 
  try to see it this way . 
  europe can only help so many people . 
  there will be a selection criteria and `` has committed no crimes '' has to be on top of the list . 
  the reason zero tolerance does n't work in the us is that it was ether set up to prevent litigation ( no anything marginally similar to a weapon in school and all participants in a fight get equal punishment ) or were deliberately made to fill prisons ( in which chase they are working as intended ) here , when people want zero tolerance it 's in reference to the european human rights charter that forbids the deportation of people to anywhere dangerous even if they 're dangerous criminals who committed serious crimes in their host country . 
  it 's zero tolerance applied after a fair trial . 
  yes , it might be abused if charges get trumped up , but the current system makes it impossible to deport a rapist , terrorist or murderer . 
  seeing as there are ten of thousands of people who committed no crime in desperate need of help , kicking out anyone even slightly violent would not be a big loss . 
  people are going to be put under a lot of stress . 
  they think everything will be great if only they get to germany , and it just wo n't . 
  many are going to be as poor or poorer than they were at home . 
  the jobs they 'll get will be hard and will pay little . 
  their accommodations will basically be tents and cots for a good long time . 
  germany is colder in winter than anything they had back home and anyone over the age of 15 is going to have one hell of a time fitting in . 
  if violent people stay , there will be riots , fights with the locals and the police and a general worsening of the situation for everyone . 
  fewer people means less pressure on the system and keeping people with a cool head means there 's a chance things get to stabilize and eventually normalize . 
  a ) the people who left may have a moral responsibility , but why on earth would we have any obligation to pay forward for the people who left for greener pastures ? 
  b ) france and england may be the most responsible , but they are n't the ones affected and germany is doing it 's best to redistribute the problem on the balkans ... also known as the former private colonial holdings of the emperors of the hre . 
  if you want to help , by all means , send people to register them , send ships , buses and train to pick them up , do something instead of asking us to slow them down while/if you get ready . 
  no , they actually very correctly think that austria will kick out everyone who 's not a syrian and kick out the syrians when the war ends . 
  they 're not looking for short term help , they want a new life and the word around town is , that 's what germany is offering . 
  the ones who want free stuff go to sweden . 
  the ones who think there 's a job waiting for them go to germany . 
  as opposed to the piles of international laws that only came in to existence after ww2 . 
  also , as does every head of state of every nation ever . 
  if the un made the rules and we did n't have the security council you can be sure the laws that would get passed would look a lot closer to what hitler did than what we make our selves . 
  the un is an institution that gives actually genocidal dictators a say . 
  actual f-ing dictators that exterminated people , would get a say in how our nations are run . 
  we take in everyone we can and when the camps are at capacity we move the overflow forward . 
  my understanding is you guys do mostly the same and so does hungary . 
  if it were official , this would be a decent system . 
  the people who get registered ether get to travel directly to their country of choice or get deported if they do n't meet the criteria ( e.g. 
  are economic migrants from kosovo ) and the rest are moved one country up where they 're taken in to camps until those are at capacity ... and finally germany hopefully get 's it 's shit together . 
  seriously , they asked us for more time . 
  how on earth do they imagine croatia being able to pull off anything of the sort . 
  our top end is 1500 people a day and that 's after tripling it since the crisis became big . 
  we would have to quadruple the current amount , that 's already on the edge of doability to make this work and even then , all we could do is ... ship them off . 
  you ca n't stop this number of people without shooting them . 
  you ca n't keep them from moving on without shooting them . 
  stop train and buss travel and they clog up the roads , try and put them in camps and see them overflow in a day . 
  these ingrates should be kissing our feet for so much as lifting a finger to help clean up their mess . 
  we did n't invite anyone and no one came here because of us and yet somehow this is now our problem . 
  that 's not even half of it . 
  the cities are n't empty because there 's no one to fill them . 
  there are hundreds of millions of people in china for whom those would be huge upgrades . 
  they are n't getting filled because they set the cost above the buying range of anyone remotely interested . 
  they do this because they can then take an empty apartment building and claim it 's worth 100 million usd when they could realistically only sell off the apartments for 25-35 million . 
  it 's hollywood style accounting that creates the illusion of regional gdp growth that the regions have to maintain by mandate from beijing . 
  not only would housing refugees defeat the purpose of this cities , but the chinese citizens living in poor conditions would probably be less than happy that some random outsiders got a better deal than them . 
  china can afford to piss off the urbanites because if things ever get too bad , they can use the rural population to beat them down with the promise of new spits opening up in the cities .
