  it 's not easy to hear , but croatia is exactly the same in this reguard . 
  we can survive ottoman invasions , we can survive the nazis , we can survive bloody civil wars , but if someone gave us a mountain of free money , it would ruin us , and i believe the same is true for greece . 
  exactly . 
  the worst thing anyone could do to us is give us free money . 
  cash for making progress , for well though out , fully transparent projects and then more cash when the first projects succeed , that 's good . 
  just getting money with no strings is an invitation to blow it all on hookers and drugs and then go in to even more debt for more hookers or drugs ( both literal and metaphorical hookers and drugs ), 
  when stuff like this starts affecting the bottom line of those in power , it 's already way to late . 
  that 's why there 's no more ussr . 
  if you just keep putting bandages over a wound instead of actually trying to cure it , one day the bandages stop working and the next day your dead . 
  paying more for less . 
  that 's ... interesting . 
  yes , yes we are . 
  we 're a bunch of evil , lunatics looking to destroy you . 
  you got us . 
  will you now please just fucking leave already . 
  just let the germans do their thing . 
  we ca n't stop them , but at the same time , no matter how much they may want to , they ca n't push this nonsense on us , because the migrants wo n't cooperate . 
  what we should do is laugh . 
  every time they have a dumb idea we laugh in their faces and if they ask why , we explain how it will go horribly wrong . 
  sweeden is paying 3500 $ for migrants to go back home ? 
  ha , good one . 
  more like sweeden is paying 3500 $ for migrants to get new passports to get another 3500 $ . 
  when they ask us to take some of them in , we snicer and say sure . 
  when they get to our countries the first thing they should see is a giant map of the eu , showing them exactly where they are with a big welcome sign as well as a little one kindly asking them not to turn around and go back to germany . 
  getting them to leave europe wo n't be easy , but getting people to leave eastern europe ? 
  i do n't expect that to be a problem in my lifetime . 
  we 're upset because you 're not . 
  some europeans wanted you to stay , some europeans wanted you to go , but only the british want to vote leave , and then start a multi year discussion on the topic of when to start a multi year negotiation on leaving the eu . 
  we 're bitching at you because you 're here . 
  do n't want to hear it ? 
  go away !, 
  i want them to actually move their asses and leave so insults seem well placed . 
  seeing as you 're the only ones in europe who are n't pushing for it to happen yesterday , forgive us for not holding our breath . 
  write an email , a letter , hold up a sign in the street . 
  your british , you actually get to do that . 
  what exactly do you think writing this in the comments section of a small part of an american news agregate site is going to do ? 
  ok , then just riddle me this . 
  let 's say the eu pays off all greek debts . 
  greece is debt free and the eu is 100 % hands off . 
  how long before greece is back in cripling debt ? 
  are the issues that got them in trouble in the first place gone ? 
  what exactly is different in greece today compared to pre chrisis greece ? 
  because reguardless of what people want to believe , we are the government . 
  having actually lived in a totalitarian state i actually know what it means to be at the mercy of an all powerful state , and this is n't it . 
  we are the government , and we are fuck ups , and trusting our selves with something is scary because by the nature of the democratic process that gives us power , we are shortsited and prone to delegating responsibilities to yes men , but ultimately , we ca n't get away from us . 
  these are personal problems that will not go away , especially by pretending that the government is some alien entety with an unknown agenda . 
  wikipedia is also trivially simple . 
  it 's plain text on pages connected by hyperlinks . 
  do you know why no one can provire a search engine that 's as good as google ? 
  because it 's hard . 
  if a non profit google could exist , it would exist . 
  because it does n't , it means it ca n't . 
  if you really want a not for profit google , what are you waiting for ? 
  no one demanded the creation of wikipedia . 
  people just built it . 
  go and build a not for profit google . 
  the government taking money from one private citizen to give it to another that they hold in special reguard is the exact opposite of capitalism . 
  oh , you 'll be blamed if you do nothing . 
  you 'll be blamed even if you were specifically told to do nothing by the people the control would apply to . 
  that 's the price of being in charge . 
  everything is your fault unless you can blame it on an enemy or opponent . 
  then only about half the people will blame you . 
  you could hand out 100 $ bills and people would complain about how they 're folded . 
  hell no . 
  dalmatia and pannonia were roman provinces even during the republic . 
  slavic migration did n't happen until after the fall of the western empire . 
  the romans in the story are byzantines and it 's supposed to reflect our defection to the pope . 
  historically we were always part of the east , but we became catholic where as serbia and rasha ( modern day montenegro ) became eastern orthodox . 
  there are examples of similar countries doing the right thing . 
  during the copper boom , the president of chile refused to increase spending or cut taxes . 
  money was saved , and when copper came crashing down , there were sufficient reserves to bridge over the downturn and because spending and taxes were still at pre boom levels , nothing needed adjusting . 
  however ... the decision to save the money was not at all popular . 
  people were furious and made accusations of theft and corruption , because obviously the boom would last for ever and they deserved to benefit from it . 
  saving in the good times , spending in the bad . 
  seems like the most obvious thing in the world , but in reality , you need to be really brave to even try it . 
  no , but i do think people from the south would do well to brush up on their reading comprehension . 
  i honestly could n't give a single solidarity fuck where a deadbeat , poorly run nation is located . 
  anyone who lobbied to get in the euro in spite of not meeting the criteria is asking for forced austerity in the near future . 
  a plurality of mistakes does not make each of them better . 
  the rules were sound , not following them was stupid and any nation that successfully lobbied to get in to the euro get 's no sympathy when things go south and austerity is imposed . 
  bankruptcy is legal . 
  what you do n't seem to understand is the nature of money and trade . 
  both are based on trust . 
  and iou from me is good as cash to my friends because they know i always pay them back and then some . 
  if i ever decided to try and find a loophole , i can get out of paying them back once , but i 'll never be able to borrow money again and if wanted to buy something from them , they would only take cash up front because they could n't trust me . 
  international debt is exactly the same . 
  if greece went to the drachma yes , you could just print as much money as you like and technically pay back all the debts and then devalue the currency further to where you basically payed nothing . 
  however , now you have a problem . 
  if greece wants to import anything , the seller will demand payment up front , in money that holds its value for longer than 5 minutes . 
  however , money is also something greece would have to buy . 
  the government van legally set the exchange rate to what ever they want , but no one outside of greece would trade euros or dollars for drachma that might lose 90 % of its value in a week , so the government forces the exchange rate on the only people it legally and practically can , the greeks . 
  everyone starts hiding money and the already serious problem of tax evasion get 's worse , the government goes bankrupt again . 
  there are no rules in international politics . 
  there 's only trust or distrust . 
  if you promise to pay back money any you always do , like germany or the us , you get rewarded with lones that have a negative interest rate . 
  people are so sure germany and the us will pay back their debt , they 're willing to pay them for the privilege of lending them money . 
  if you do n't pay it back , especially if you try and pull some trick people will stop doing business with you . 
  it really is that simple . 
  and what then . 
  greece has a new currency , that ruined the lives of any greek citizen dumb enough to be fiscally responsible .
