  some of the stuff they make is truly otherworldly . 
  absurdly good , highly underappreciated . 
  no , `` let 's never change this stupid old election system because it 's traditional '' is the mentality that gave us trump . 
  the electoral collage decided the election . 
  a majority of americans were denied the executive they voted for twice in 16 years . 
  i do n't even want to start going in to congressional districts . 
  the us system aims to represent the most territory where as the most european systems aim to represent the most people . 
  to us your way of doing things seems absurd . 
  in france , socialists will vote for conservatives in run off elections . 
  in germany the two main parties have managed to hold a coalition a few times now . 
  the level of obstructionist behavior in the legislative is simply unheard of . 
  we do n't have branches of government openly fighting to make sure the other ca n't do anything , including their constitutional duty of maintaining the roster of the third . 
  if you took what 's going on in the us today and brought it back in time a few decades , past americans would conclude that you 're describing some third would country and yet , a few weeks back , while discussing the electoral collage on cnn , every host and guest described the system as `` imperfect , but still the best in the world '' and that just makes no sense . 
  there 's just so much that 's so obviously wrong but no one seems to really care . 
  it 's confusing as all hell and undemocratic is a strong word because it implies a lot of really bad stuff that simple is n't true in the us but how else would one describe it . 
  the candidate that won the vote , lost the election . 
  the districts of the representatives in congress can be legally redrawn for the express purpose of favoring one party over another . 
  i do n't have a word to sum that up in a neat way but i 'm quite certain democracy , that is not . 
  we aim for proportional representation in almost every country and the eu as a whole . 
  the `` oh , we 're so big , we ca n't do x '' stick is getting old . 
  the union has more people than the us and we manage . 
  how exactly does being us sized prevent you from implementing one person , one vote , majority wins ? 
  you do n't even have to do run off 's . 
  have a ranked vote . 
  you 're system is n't made for a huge nation of hundreds of millions of people . 
  it 's made for a few million old timey folk , most of whom work on a farm . 
  for god 's sake , you vote on a tuesday because it lets farmers leave on monday , vote in the nearest city and be back by wednesday in time for market . 
  our system works for any country of any size . 
  your system passed it 's expiration date while the car was still considered a fad . 
  no , that was tsar joseph the man of steel , also known as the terrible . 
  the bolsheviks did in fact fuck everything up . 
  no , it 's not . 
  we aim for proportional representation , you do n't , we demand our executive receive a majority , you not only accept a plurality , but the reality that the candidate with fewer votes still won . 
  the eu parliament works like the us congress , which are quite different from electing the executive but both still work fine in principle , exept for one key difference . 
  congressmen have districts , eu parliamentarians do not . 
  a congressional district can be drawn in a way to guarantee an advantage for one party . 
  in eu elections the vote is national and the candidates with the most votes get seats according to their ranking . 
  basically , being the second most popular candidate in any eu country guarantees you a spot in parliament . 
  being the 10th or 20th most popular still guarantees you a spot if the country is big enough . 
  in the us , being the second most popular politician in a state means nothing if you lose your district . 
  does n't matter that they could beat any other opponent in any other district , if they ca n't win theirs , they get nothing . 
  they might even have been winning their district until someone took a few towns that were solidly for them and added them to other districts and gave them a few hostile towns in return . 
  our system is made so that something like that should never happen . 
  essentially , the eu system is based on people . 
  we want the largest number of people possible to be represented . 
  the us system is based on land . 
  you want the largest amount of territory to be represented . 
  our systems seem similar , because they are , but the key goals are fundamentally different . 
  yes , but that 's wat you call a `` well technicality '' technically if only a single person voted you would have 1 guy deciding the fate of millions , but it 's not going to happen . 
  it 's possible in the abstract , but the specific circumstances are never going to happen . 
  a similar example would be saying that you could win the us election with a popular vote of less than 50 people while your opponent got 100 million votes , if only 1 person in x states voted and they voted for you , while every single person in the other states voted for your opponent . 
  it 's technically possible but it 's simply not something that can happen . 
  i like to look at it like this . 
  the last non incumbent republican to win the vote was bush senior in 1988 . 
  the only republican to win the vote in the 2000 's was bush jr. in 2004 . 
  in spite of 3 different democrats winning the vote since 2000 , the democrats one president , the republicans got 2 . 
  is n't that because the socialists jump over to the conservatives in the run-off 's ? 
  that 's still quite democratic as the elections are supposed to show support and people are willing to support not fn when their party of choice is n't in the running . 
  that 's fundamentaly different . 
  the coalition government still represents the majority of german voters . 
  yes , the christian democrats might have a plurality on their own , but that 's not enough to form a government . 
  in the uk the plurality party got a solo majority of seats . 
  in your example 58 % of germany is represented in the government which is really good by any standard . 
  in the uk 63 % of the population is not represented which is quite horrible . 
  vote for putin . 
  ether he wins and you do n't have to explain why you did n't vote for him , or he loses and you do n't have to explain why you did n't vote for him after he assassinates trump and takes power . 
  president bush was also very different from candidate bush . 
  it did not end well . 
  nooo . 
  do n't worry . 
  it 's not like there 's recent historical precedent of a republican president who lost the vote but won the election and then did something extreme like start a war because he held a grudge . 
  it 's called pandering . 
  it 's the same kind of bullshit only catered to a different audience . 
  it 's the kind of thing that come biting you in the ass when it starts making the rounds on talk radio and suddenly you have a very hostile business environment in the us . 
  there is no place for honesty in international politics and for the big players , all politics is international . 
  no , it 's not that . 
  the americans are a bit better at this , the british are aweful and you 're inexperienced as hell so here 's the rundown . 
  as the defacto first country of europe everyone is listening to everything you say . 
  every single one of your politicians is a mini ambassador weather they like it or not . 
  the yanks have slowly developed some level of self awareness and they get that they 're being watched and scrutinized . 
  you do n't and the british seem to know and are actively trying to get a rise from people . 
  everything an official says now has international consequences and it 's only getting more serious from here . 
  the guy you elect is representing you in berlin but also the rest of germany and i think we need to start implementing a program of teaching how to bullshit in front of an international audience because remarks like these can be very , very damaging . 
  it depends . 
  what are you , hearts of iron france or europa universalis france , because if it 's the latter i vote for joining the big blue blob and going on a crusade against global border gore by making everything a nice ultramarine . 
  they did it the smart way . 
  we should be asking our leaders why we 're not doing women and children and families with children first . 
  yes please . 
  the willamette valley is really nice , as is the pacific northwest in general . 
  orange is the new black it seems . 
  that ship has sailed . 
  greenland is going to melt and the sea level is going up substantially even if we stop all emissions tomorrow . 
  the ice is covered with black residue and it 's absorbing way to much heat and there 's nothing we can do to stop that . 
  i firmly believe that the time for any preventative action has come and gone . 
  pretending as if putting limits on emissions now is going to help anyone is n't helping . 
  declaring that countries are committed to cutting x amount of emissions by 202x is only perpetuates the misconception that we still have time to prevent this , rather than acknowledging the really that the flood is coming and coming soon and we can be ready by building dams and other barriers to stop it . 
  after that , the water should be sufficient to convince everyone to take action and prevent the antarctic ice shelf from melting . 
  sure , but the us govenment is a lost cause on that front and has been for a while , while the us private sector is likely to keep on keeping on when it comes to green energy . 
  we needed the us to bring emission levels down low enough to prevent ecological disaster . 
  given that i no longer believe ecological disaster can be avoided , them no longer playing ball is n't much of an issue .
