  you are the only `` free '' people on the planet who have no problem with congressional districts being redrawn for the blatant purpose of fixing elections . 
  the only people who think the legislative being at war with the executive is fine . 
  let 's be clear , everyone has issues , but only americans look at their issues as a point of pride , rather than something to fix . 
  half of europe prefers the money and stability that comes with the uk staying even if it means having to put up with the english . 
  the other half is trying to imagine a price high enough that would make them willingly live through even one more round of `` i 'm leaving and this time i mean it ! '', 
  and prosperity . 
  everyone is living at an enviable standard and some countries might have made it on their own , most would n't have . 
  if people are capable of forgetting the blatantly obvious like huge armies on borders , how do we get people to realize the financial benefits when there 's no way of showing them how europe would look without the eu . 
  you do n't get to not be a member and enjoy the benefits of membership . 
  the uk is leaving the eu and losing access to the single market is a big part of that . 
  if leaving the single market was such horrible punishment , perhaps it was worth sticking around and dealing with the eu 's imperfections . 
  why ? 
  more importantly , how exactly do you imagine it being far worse ? 
  what exactly do you think could happen ? 
  you 're picking between two people who usually have an equal shoot at wining so what on earth do you imagine being worse if it was just a straight up popular vote ? 
  is the worry that the candidates would make promises they wo n't keep to a slightly different group of people ? 
  and now a majority of people are under a government they did n't vote for . 
  the us is n't a union of countries . 
  the wast majority of states were created , purchased or conquered . 
  their populations all came from the other states or from abroad . 
  the union did n't last more than 85 years the first time under this system before descending in to bloody civil war . 
  the current system does anything but guarantee unity . 
  so is germany but they use a smart system and still manage to keep the gang together . 
  ok , please elaborate how bad things that happened under the electoral collage are proof that there needs to be an electoral collage ? 
  you 're talking as if nevada became a nuclear test site and utah being taken over by the feds and n. dakota not being able to competitively produce sugar happened under a different system . 
  news flash . 
  that 's what they got with an electoral collage . 
  furthermore , given that most states ended up being a relatively close split , there 's really no argument to be made that fringe voices got heard . 
  almost half the rural population voted for clinton . 
  it 's not like a clinton win would have been going against the will of anyone outside the cities . 
  you also need to elaborate why you believe a rural minority should be allowed to `` bully '' the urban majority . 
  you think people in the cities like paying subsidiaries for corn or cotton or some other crop they could import more cheaply . 
  you think they like being forced to carry evey national buffer , be it financial , military or otherwise , while objectively being a lesser us citizen with less of a say than people in rural areas ? 
  for a minority of the people by a minority of the people . 
  a citizen of new york grew up in ohio , studied in the south , worked in the pacific north west and ended up in new york with every intention of one day moving to la. 
  someone living in rural ohio did n't leave and will never leave . 
  city people are everyone . 
  country people are just country people . 
  where as rural areas are poster children for openness and diversity ? 
  remind me again , who voted for the reality tv star with a vague slogan instead of an actual plan ? 
  it 's all going to depend on how it 's phrased . 
  you ca n't give people money . 
  that will end badly . 
  if you give people money , someone will decide that they do n't deserve it because they did n't earn it and take it away . 
  what people need is ownership of the means of production . 
  sounds communist but in this context it 's actually quite a bit closer to slave ownership . 
  the people need to own the machines making the stuff or people need to own shares in all the robots making stuff . 
  suddenly , instead of a deadbeat , you 're a member of the landed or to be more precise the automation gentry . 
  welcome to the age of idiots with no perspective . 
  people in india are delusional , but delusional in a good way . 
  make the best out of a crappy situation . 
  on the flip side we have people who genuinely do n't know how good they have it . 
  they make moronic decisions based on the very incorrect belief that things are horrible and desperately need to change in a big way . 
  the us is interesting because they somehow manage to proclaim everything is shit , but they 're the best at the exact same time . 
  there was a segment on msnbc were they were talking about the electoral collage before the vote and one of the guests said that the system was n't perfect , but it was still the best in the world . 
  they literally just listed off all the flaws it had . 
  flaws other systems do n't and flaws they recognized as very serious and yet somehow the conclusion was n't that their system was bad or that it was ok in principal but needed work or that it was doing what it was supposed to in the context of the us . 
  the best system in the world . 
  it was equal parts funny , tragic , fascinating and deeply disturbing . 
  so what , fewer people should have more power because they represent more territory ? 
  should they just cut out the middle man and bring back a land requirement ? 
  maybe give out 1 vote by acre ? 
  who cares where the population is ? 
  why on earth should people 's votes count for more because they do n't live in cities ? 
  not quite . 
  reparations were to be made in gold . 
  the hyperinflation was caused when the government used the money to try and plug holes in it budget by printing money while at the same time sending away the gold it was pegged to . 
  mutual assured destruction only means you ca n't use nukes . 
  if you ca n't use nukes it means you ca n't use nukes to deter a conventional army . 
  the logic is thus : you use nukes , everyone dies . 
  you invade conventionally , a number of people significantly lower than everyone dies . 
  you ca n't even threaten to use nukes since it would be a bluff because no one is going to commit nuclear suicide in order to stop a conventional invasion , let alone one they can repel . 
  what this leaves us with is a very real possibility of conventional war , because nuclear war simply is n't on the table . 
   to quote general courtney hicks hodges prior to the battle of the bulge `` no one would be stupid enough to attack through the ardens for a third time '', 
  to quote general courtney hicks hodges prior to the battle of the bulge `` no one would be stupid enough to attack through the ardens for a third time '', 
  sure , just like hitler , chamberlain and daladie . 
  it does n't have to be . 
  you voted to keep an election system in place that let the conservatives win a majority of seats with only 37 % of the vote . 
  they represent the uk . 
  their actions are all done in your names . 
  i hope by they you mean the people working for the sun , because the whole point of the article is that the claims made by the sun are lies , just like the sun `` journalist '' who claimed he traveled as a refugee from zagreb to paris without being checked once , only for croatian police to produce scans of his british passport the very next day . 
  you do n't need to be in a single market to outsource . 
  free trade is plenty and without the single markets anti poaching rules it 's in our interest to get you out of the single market , in to an fta to remove tarrifs and just grab any industry we can . 
  opening up foreign branches is n't trade . 
  trade is making stuff in one country and selling it in another . 
  what you 're describing is very much movement , expect it 's corporate persons instead of physical ones . 
  we have fta 's with canada and s. korea . 
  i dare you to try and open a business there . 
  on the flip side , the eu allows anyone to open a business anywhere for any reason , a right confirmed in the centros case by the ecj . 
  the single market is n't a trade agreement . 
  you want trade without tariffs , you got it . 
  you do n't because without eu anti poaching rules to protect your industry from moving to the east or south , tariffs are the only thing keeping people employed at that point , but still , you want it , you got it . 
  free trade for everyone . 
  a single market however , is a lot more than just trade . 
  movement is critical specifically because it allows poles to move from poland to britain . 
  if poles can move to britain , the incentive structure is such that the union must try and raise living standards across the union so that everyone wants to stay at home , or else poorer member nations will simply leave for greener pastures . 
  it ensures the rich members do n't leverage their wealth against poor members , thus ensuring poor members stay , get rich and everyone benefits . 
  it 's the height of hypocrisy to say that you get to sell british labor in the form of finished goods anywhere in europe , but those lacking in a strong industrial base ca n't sell their labor to you . 
  because of this , poland , romania , bulgaria , the baltic countries , the czech republic , slovakia , slovenia , croatia , italy , greece and spain will all vote down any deal that lacks free movement . 
  why ?
