  the saudis are as fanatic as they come , but are racist towards all non arab sunni muslims . 
  oh , they 'll finance them , back them , help them spread their brand of islam , but they 'll never see them as equals . 
  `` we breached established agreements and invited a bunch of unskilled people in from an alien culture who absolutely , under no circumstances want to be in your countries - you take them . '', 
  oh , so it 's trade agreements with other countries you 're after . 
  great . 
  one problem though . 
  if they 're offering , it 's typically ( always without exception ) because they know they 're getting the better deal . 
  if they are n't offering , you 're going to have to give something in return . 
  china for example would certainly be thrilled to offer you the platinum limited market access package for the small , small price of total access to the english housing market with a few pesky regulations taken away to grease the wheels . 
  the british are probably the first people ever to decide that a strong bargaining position and getting exactly what you want is something to be shunned in favor of being able to give away the family silver with the greatest possible efficiency . 
  so wait , the uk is ready to pay the eu ( technically pay nissan who will then pay the eu ) for the privilege of selling europeans a product cheaper ? 
  i have absolutely no problem with this and support it fully . 
  i encourage this offer be made to all companies selling to the eu , because i fully support buying british made goods at single market prices while still collecting a tarrif . 
  that and the fact that isis is a scam . 
  in his words , they are n't even real muslim extremists . 
  they 're iraqi nationalists pretending to be muslim extremists in order to recruit retards and get funding . 
  yes , there are opportunities around the world . 
  here 's the thing though , there were going to be opportunities even if the uk stayed in the eu . 
  had the uk decided to stay if lucrative deals were made , that 's money in the bank . 
  if things do n't work out , no harm no foul . 
  leaving the eu means the uk has to make up trade . 
  at best , a good deal lessens the loss of existing trade , at worst there 's a hole that remains unfilled . 
  this argument was always ridiculous . 
  this is n't a new opportunity . 
  anything you can get , you would have gotten anyway and as far as trade deficits go , that 's not going away . 
  `` we 're importing more than we 're exporting ? 
  let 's save 60 billion pounds by halting trade ! '', 
  is logic that should stop making sense the moment you realize that not buying stuff doe n't mean you suddenly do n't need said stuff . 
  you 'll still be importing the same amount of goods , exept they 'll be more expensive because of tarrifs hurting industries that really on imports , or more likely , hurting consumers who will be seeing price hikes . 
  exporters on the other hand do n't give a single solitary crap about how much britain imports . 
  they live and die by what they can sell and they 're geared towards selling to the eu . 
  `` oh , i ca n't sell profitably to my existing clients , but i can go out in to the world and look for new ones ? 
  hope my employees do n't mind not getting payed whilst i try and establish relationships with third world markets i have no experience in and have no clue if i can prosper in and have actively avoided for this very reason . '', 
  outdated , not bullshit , and very important . 
  the fact that the pain of the uk leaving is concentrated is already a problem for you because any deal requires a unanimous vote and if most countries simply do n't care about trade with the uk , they 're more likely to vote no . 
  the one country that 's most effected being absolutely fine with having no deal is an even bigger issue . 
  if germany is n't willing to compromise in order to get a deal , who will ? 
  now we flip the question . 
  all uk trade with the eu is in danger . 
  even if it 's 42 % instead of 49 % , that 's still around 15 % of uk gdp . 
  if exports to the eu fall by half , that 's a gdp drop almost equal to the height of the great recession just from that . 
  add losses in the service sector , increased costs of imports do to the weaker pound and the prospect of foreign investment drying up until the situation clarifies and you have a picture that 's not very pretty . 
  why exactly do you think your politicians wo n't cave and make a deal you hate in order to safeguard the economy and their personal stakes in it ? 
  they have no reason to believe that they 'd survive the political fallout of an economic crash any more than the political fallout from an unpopular deal , so why do you think they would risk their wealth in order to placate people who 'll turn on them at the next possible opportunity ? 
  and yet the germans are perfectly content with saying no on principal while other eu members with little to no trade with the uk are more than willing to back them . 
  so what 's your point exactly ? 
  you can claim conspiracy all you like , but if you want to fake polls , you fake a tight race you 're barely winning or even one you 're losing slightly so as mobilize your base . 
  what exactly to you think clinton has to gain by making it look like her victory is a sure thing on a site only her supporters will see ? 
  at best they could decide to not stay home . 
  the far more likely answer is that the data is good and trump is losing . 
  i suspect they have much stronger backing . 
  the eu is really convenient in that you can let someone who does n't care about friendly relations with a country to place the veto , while the bigger power sits in the background , giving public support for the deal while doing nothing to remove opposition to it or even quietly encouraging it . 
  germany is in favor of a deal with canada , but belgium blocked it . 
  germany is in favor of redistributing migrants , but eastern europe does n't care . 
  germany was barely capable of influencing policy in greece , while holding the threat of their utter financial ruin over their head . 
  you 're talking to people who actually live in europe . 
  who exactly are you trying to impress with this nonsense . 
  the question is , how many are willing to gamble their future and livelihood on it . 
  or , since 48 % of the population is against leaving and we can somewhat safely assume that at lest a relevant portion of the leave crowd would prefer not to lose their job when their company goes under do to high tarrifs your politicians cave . 
  croatia as well . 
  no point of doing it differently when so much business is conducted in euros . 
  people save and take out loans in euros . 
  it 's also one of the few things we handled really well . 
  consider what negotiating with the eu actually is . 
  you need a yes from all 27 countries for any deal . 
  a deal that 's not beneficial to every single eu country , not the eu as a whole , every country individually , has no hope of passing . 
  a good deal that includes free movement and benefits most eu countries greatly can still get voted down . 
  that 's what canada , china and the us have been dealing with for almost a decade . 
  he does n't actually have any real power in this mater . 
  he 's simply stating the fact that the only way the uk can be guaranteed to keep any kind of trade agreement is to not leave . 
  by leaving not only can no one guarantee a good deal , the sheer nightmare that is negotiating with the eu could prevent even a bad deal for the uk . 
  more precisely , because no freedom of movement is an automatic no vote from multiple countries and any deal need to be unanimous . 
  even a deal that has free movement and is objectively good for the eu might get voted down if the uk pisses off even one country . 
  tusk is n't acting strong . 
  even if he wanted a soft brexit , even if most of the eu wanted a soft brexit , it take a single country saying no to block the deal . 
  the deal with canada is being blocked by 2 regions in belgium , austria and slovenia . 
  any deal with the uk that does n't include full freedom of movement will imeditly be blocked by poland , bulgaria , romania , italy and spain for practical reasons that are impossible to alleviate and then by france and germany and most other eu states on principal . 
  tusk is n't making a threat . 
  he 's starting a fact . 
  ask the canadian pm how fun it is to try and work out an eu deal and everyone likes canada . 
  no one is objecting to the deal as a matter of policy . 
  it 's just massively tough to negotiate with the eu at the best of times . 
  even if the deal offered was massively lopsided in favor of the eu , there 's always the danger that someone still blocks it , which is where the line `` hard brexit or no brexit '' comes from . 
  merkel said any deal with the uk would have to include free movement but she ca n't guarantee that a deal with free movement would be enough . 
  i was n't , but when you think of a megastate of 2 billion , you would expect it to be at least on the level of germany . 
  not per capita but at least in total . 
  and likely kill both your self , the child and the family driving in the other lane . 
  bottom line , humans are shit drivers . 
  you would n't be making a moral judgement in the situation you 're describing , you would n't be making a rational decision . 
  trying to avoid a child on the road is a panic reflex that 's far more likely to kill everyone involved plus a few people more , than the car that 's perfectly willing to kill the kid , but does the actual smart thing of hitting the breaks . 
  in that very scenario the ai will not only save more lives in general , but over a thousand such incidents , will save the kid more oftain than you . 
  that should be what we 're looking for . 
  over on map porn someone posted a map of `` greater india '' a superstate that would encompass over 2 billion people and have a gdp marginally higher than italy . 
  this woke me up to the fact that europe is n't just rich . 
  it 's amazingly rich . 
  even the poor countries are only poor relative to europe and n. america , and not even that poor and getting richer . 
  people always find problems reguardless of how good they have it so we manage to convince our selves that we need someone inspiring that brings us radical change , ignoring the fact that 9 times out of 10 , any major change will not be in our favor . 
  where we are , there is n't very much we can do in terms of going up . 
  this is very close to as good as it gets . 
  however , if we trip up , the way down is very , very , very long .
