  the women who will get the jobs will be far from incompetent . 
  they 'll taka senior , experienced women , which is n't inherently bad , but becomes bad when you consider that these slots would usually go to young blood . 
  you 're putting women who are as , or more conservative than the old boys club in positions of power , thus making sure the odds of doing anything remotely risky falls to zero . 
  startups are where you want conservative , experienced upper management , someone to reign in frivolous spending and keep them on task , but no one is pushing for that . 
  everyone wants the top jobs in established companies , where the policy is already never to rock the boat . 
  they 're still getting in . 
  yes , closing the front door will stop people from coming in the front door , because the back door is wide open , but if we put a fence on all the land borders , they come by sea . 
  if we somehow stop that , they start digging tunnels . 
  ultimately , that 's not the point . 
  we can have a great obstacle course , but people will try to get through if there 's a prize at the end . 
  we need to stop them from wanting to come to europe , rather than halting them once they 're at the border . 
  we need to severy and publically punish human traffickers . 
  we need to start a massive propaganda champion to tell people that using a trafficker permanently disqualifies you from getting in to europe legally and will resalt in punishment followed by deportation . 
  we need to make it clear that non refugees will be harshly persecuted , that people giving illegals unregistered work will face jail time , that refuge is temporary but most importantly , we need a legal way in for those that are escaping violence . 
  i foresee a lot of turks seeking asylum in the near future . 
  people who will face jail time for not confirming to an islamist life style , and they must not be lumped in with opportunists trying to scam free handouts . 
  europe needs to be a safe place for everyone who wants to live a western lifestyle . 
  those who do n't , need not apply . 
  if that 's our message , if we can get it accros and make it clear , we solved 90 % of our problems . 
  forget closing borders . 
  that 's a distraction . 
  you really ca n't lock down a border that long so it 's pointless to try . 
  the real issue is that once they get in , they `` won '' they are n't treated like people who broke the law . 
  they are treated like hotel guests who 's rooms got double booked . 
  no one is sending the non refugees to jail for illegaly comming in to europe . 
  no one is telling the refugees that they will be sent back home as soon as it 's safe to do so . 
  the system in place rewards people for breaking the law , discriminates against those unable to come to europe , who tend to need help the most and because that was n't enough , we 're putting people running from abuse in the same camps as their abusers . 
  but oh no , taking syrian christians and putting them all in one place , and the muslims in another is discrimination and evil . 
  segragating women and children so they ca n't be beaten or raped , that 's untinkable , they 'll only be raped by 5 % of the men so it would be unconcionable to implicitly punish the other 95 % who are only doing nothing to stop it , or just hiding the abusers in their midst . 
  rational policy that cuts out ideological bullshit in favor of real imediate solutions is racist and wrong . 
  first , that 's not true . 
  second , it 's a lie that there 's no solution . 
  there are multiple . 
  the easy one is stopping them from comming in , the hard one is kicking them out . 
  ignoring the easy option makes it all the more likely people eventually decide for the hard one . 
  well see , that 's not true . 
  here in croatia we do not have refugee related crime . 
  guess why ? 
  which is why in the past you could colonize continets and the locals could do fuck all , because you blowing up 5 guys will lead to retaliations that kill 50.000 of your people and no one at home bats an eye , where as today we can hear about individual shootings in the middle of whocaresville usa within hours of it happening . 
  brainwashing this is not . 
  what they 're doing is more akin to marketing , giving people what they already want while telling them it 's ok to want it . 
  no you wo n't . 
  you wo n't change a damn thing . 
  you 're a nation of fools . 
  you 're leaders are the most transparent con men i have ever seen and even after realizing you were lied to , you still insist that somehow you will make things better . 
  you had a referendum to put your house in order , create a more representative system . 
  that one fell through , because the people on tv told you it was a bad idea and you listened . 
  good boy . 
  as for the eu , i understand that you actually believe this nonsense , but it 's simply not true . 
  remember when the germans told us to take in imigrants and we rolled over and did it ? 
  nether do i. 
  since we can go against the principal european power on a pet issue , i 'm somewhat confidant that we 'll be able defy them acting on your behalf . 
  you see , they like poor , helpless refugees , you , not so much . 
  when the day comes that you finally decide to leave , if i have n't died of old age by then i wish you well and hope to see what new and creative excuses you 'll make up to explain why none of the ills that befall you are your fault . 
  i have a small betting pool running and the chinese buying up all the property are currently in the lead as britains next scapegoat . 
  you do understand that in the paragraph that you talked about leaving you stated you did so to preserve democracy , and then spent the rest of the post bemoaning the lack of influence the people have over the political class . 
  you are powerless at home , there 's nothing to preserve . 
  if your politicians are so divorced from the will of the people that you ca n't own a single one of their decisions , you have no democracy and it has nothing to do with the eu . 
  you need us because there is no germany . 
  there is no france . 
  to you those no longer exist . 
  there is only the eu , and organization that will need to unanimously ratify any deal you want to make , because it 's made by all of us , or none of us , so if you want to sell things in germany without being subject to the same rules that govern trade between us and every other foreign country , you need all 27 votes . 
  what exactly is the difference between the attack paralyzing the city or the justified response to the attack paralyzing the city ? 
  what do you buy , 12 eggs with a weight of 1kg and a tastiness of 72 or 12 eggs , 0.7 kg with a tastiness of 83 ? 
  and here we have it . 
  the heart of the problem . 
  to you , it was always about the money and nothing else . 
  we wanted a proper union of the people of europe . 
  you wanted a super market . 
  and you know what . 
  we let you have that . 
  we let you be a world apart . 
  you got to be in , but not really in . 
  you payed to get access to the market and you got it , plus most your money back through direct funding . 
  but then you wanted out . 
  why ? 
  because you wanted to sell goods and services to poland , but did n't want poles selling their work in the uk . 
  you wanted a common market where everyone selling to the uk had to follow strict rules , but when those same rules your representatives voted for and usually pushed through did something you did n't like because you were a beneficiary of some loophole , then the eu was the literal devil . 
  you pretended like the uk was somehow ambushed by eastern european countries coming in to the eu , ispite of the fact that the uk has the power to stop any country from joining . 
  you act like the eu is some foreign entity forcing it 's will on you , rather than an organization where you were one of the principal and most influential members . 
  most telling however is hearing brits bitch about the european convention on human rights . 
  `` the echr stops us from doing this , stops us from doing that , those damn europeans , who do they think they are ! '', 
  i ca n't even count the number of times i 've heard brits being pissed at not being allowed to violate some human right because of the convention . 
  a conversation written after ww2 , by you . 
  here 's a news flash . 
  everything you hate about the eu , everything was ether done by the uk , done in cooperation with the uk or done with the full agreement of the uk . 
  for all the bullshit you spew at home , brits working for the eu in brussels are some of the most productive members . 
  that 's why we do n't care about what you think . 
  you live in a bizzaro universe where the eu , that could n't get you in the schengen zone or the euro could somehow impose anything on you . 
  that 's why no one in charge wants out . 
  they know it 's all bullshit . 
  they know how much influence they lose and that most of the policies that piss you off , are domestic . 
  a fact that will become abundantly clear in the very near future . 
  you are correct that two countries were let in without meeting all the criteria . 
  bulgaria and romania were allowed in early , with full endorsement from the uk just in case you forgot that part . 
  a fact i am painfully aware of because it delayed our entry by a solid two years as no such allowances were given to us . 
  however , bulgarian and romanian turned out fine . 
  the first wave of eastern expansion , that went better than anyone could ever imagine . 
  now we 'll go back to the first point you made . 
  co-operation and trade .
