  do n't mess stuff up is an amazingly simple concept that 's absolutely hard in practice and anyone able to pull it off deserves to be in a position of power . 
  wait , i 'm confused . 
  in your first post you used `` we '' as in `` we europeans '' while here you 're talking about `` you europeans '' . 
  which one is it ? 
  failing all the way to the bank . 
  here 's the thing though , it does n't . 
  you 're negotiating . 
  china and the us are negotiating . 
  the amount of money a fta is worth is more than enough to get people to come here and talk for years and we like it just fine . 
  it 's horrible for everyone else because suddenly slovenia has to be treated like germany , or actually , like the us , because they have the power to deny access to a market that 's basically just as big , but for our side , it 's amazing . 
  every negotiating trick is worthless . 
  you can threaten to stop negotiations and we can shrug . 
  you can offer something that would be amazing to some members , but you still need to offer more to placate those that do n't care , and it 's not like you can offer a bit to one country , a bit to another . 
  everyone get 's everything . 
  you may want to end tarrifs on trains with germany and tarrifs on cars with france , but you have to end both for both and that 's just amazing for us , while still being better than no deal for you . 
  the question you should be asking your self is , why are n't we represented in the same way . 
  canada will make a deal only if the bottom line is right , but that 's the general picture . 
  a deal that 's great for one provide can be disastrous for another and just because bc gained more than enough to make up what ontario lost , does n't make the fact that ontario lost a lot of jobs do to industries moving or going under any better . 
  one of the biggest stories to come out after the great depression is how quickly the economics of the world rebounded , and how slowly they 're pulling up actual people . 
  trade deals are really good at helping economies without doing much for people and the eu is built to counteract that at lest a bit . 
  any idiot can get a deal . 
  each eu member can demand a deal as if they spoke for the whole union , because they do . 
  this is a good thing . 
  let 's say it 's 2019 . the uk just left the eu and wants a deal with china . 
  england decides that in order to grease the wheels a bit , they 're willing to not insist on points that would benefit n. ireland and would accept points that are harmful to the ni economy . 
  if you were an eu member state , you could send them all to hell , but as a part of the uk all you can do is ask nicely to please not get screwed over too much . 
  the way you get a quick deal is to throw lots of people under the bus . 
  making sure everyone get 's something they 're happy with , that takes time . 
  i think they 're stumped . 
  not just canada . 
  everyone trying to make a deal with the union . 
  they all know how to play the game and grease the wheels when it 's one government that needs convincing or when there are multiple countries , none of which want to be left out . 
  here you have 28 countries and they need to convince every last one of us . 
  in a regular negotiation they would tell romania to forget visa free travel or get left out . 
  not an option . 
  they could convince germany and france to ignore belgium . 
  not an option . 
  they could convince or bribe the people in charge to do something that ruins a big chunk of their own country or that causes long term pain for short term gain . 
  here , it 's simply not an option . 
  slovenia has as much power as the eu as a whole , because it can unilaterally block the deal between canada and all of europe . 
  it 's an absurd situation , but one that gives even nation 's like germany far more power to negotiate than they would have on their own . 
  the eu is the bigger economy . 
  ending talks would be sending a message about pecking order . 
  this , i have no idea what this is . 
  he obviously wants the deal and as long as this pisses off a single country , the deal is doa . 
  the only explanation is that he actually wants to kill the deal , but ca n't do it himself . 
  the eu is a lose union of 28 states that have to come to a unanimous agreement . 
  foreign powers want to talk to and convince a very small group of people to sell out most of those they represent , just like they get to everywhere else . 
  in the eu however , there is an annoyingly large group of people who can all call bullshit when they see it . 
  make everyone happy or no deal . 
  if canada was getting angry they would stop trying , but they know full well it 's worth it so they never will . 
  it 's the best part of being in the eu . 
  you get the exact deal you want because you can afford to walk away with nothing and not care . 
  others are coming to us to get a deal so i do n't see why we should feel obliged to take anything that 's not absolutely amazing for us . 
  i 'm a company in the us . 
  i form a canadian subsidiary or find a canadian partner to sell my goods to the eu . 
  what in ceta would stop me from doing that ? 
  this is only ture if one assumes there wo n't be a deal struck . 
  i simply do n't see the british government not caving and leaving the eu in name only . 
  the enthusiasm is n't there , the costs of a hard brexit would be to great and nominally leaving would placate enough people on both the leave and remain sides that the political fallout would be manageable . 
  if losing scotland is on the table , a hard brexit is basically a fantasy . 
  the people that would never forgive a soft brexit and the people that would never forgive the party that lost scotland have quite a bit of overlap . 
  add to that the visuals of the situation . 
  suddenly you would have a uk that 's demonstrated contempt for international trade in favor of some weird form of nationalistic pride , while suffering extreme internal issues . 
  if scotland leaving becomes so much as likely , who would be willing to offer the uk a favorable deal . 
  a market that 's already relatively small and while developed , is also quite saturated , might lose an additional 5 million people or more ? 
  no serious investor would go near that . 
  the only people that would do business in these circumstances are those seeking to exploit or those looking to gamble . 
  the alternative is to preserve the status quo as much as possible . 
  given that the status quo is pretty damn amazing by every conceivable metric , my money would be on no relevant change happening . 
  it 's always such a pleasure !, 
  which is incredibly generous no matter how you look at it . 
  they could just give them hardware , but instead they give them money , plus a virtual voucher for american tech so they can buy what they need . 
  people like giving the us shit , but seriously , i really enjoy being on their side . 
  if russia were to invade , i 'm not certain that european countries far from the front would do much to help . 
  i am certain that most of those that would help would be woefully unprepared and under equipped . 
  i have absolutely no doubt that the us would honor it 's commitments and would do so without delay , and that 's from someone not unfamiliar with giving the us shit . 
  that 's partially true . 
  yes , the us wants to sell some but not all of it 's stuff . 
  at the same time , the pressure to interese military spending is n't attached to a demand that it be spent in the us . 
  they know perfectly well that increased spending in france and germany will prop up their domestic industries further and that this will lead to those weapons being sold to other eu members . 
  the us is also really quick to give perfectly functional , sometimes fully unused surplus weapons and vehicles to nato members . 
  sure , it 's to eventually make money on parts and repairs , but still . 
  it 's important to realize that the us is rarely sinister . 
  they never do anything without it somehow benefiting them , but who does . 
  they defiantly do n't want a europe that outmatches them militarily , but europe is going way , way to far in the other direction , being absolutely useless , possible even on the defensive . 
  they want a proper ally that can hold it 's own at home and help out abroad , they do n't want a true rival , but they certainly do n't want a liability . 
  yeah , just like declaring war against germany entrenched the nazi movement in to american society ... oh , wait no , it actually scared german americans in to abandoning all ties to their ancestral homeland . 
  but surely japanese hatred spawned by being unjustly detained during the war created a permanent state of distrust and violence . 
  they doubled down to prove how american they were and are to this day model citizens ? 
  huh ? 
  could it be that these methods do work and you 're only saying they do n't because you do n't want them to ? 
  i believe that 's what they would call `` the whole point of joining '', 
  everyone 's focusing way , way to much on the big players and forgetting how the eu actually works . 
  if it really were only up to france and germany , the uk would have a decent deal in a month . 
  at the end of the day , they really do n't care about free movement that much . 
  the issue is everyone else . 
  when angela merkel says that there will be no deal without free movement , she 's talking to poland and romania and italy and spain . 
  she 's telling the rest of the eu that even though it 's the the best narrow interest of germany for there to be a trade deal , germany will not go against the direct interests of the other members who do n't care about trade , but will absolutely veto any deal that lacks free movement . 
  poland will not accept any deal that lacks free movement for very practical reasons .
