  yesterday is n't just the past it never happened ... or it 's the most important day in history , all depending on what the interest demands . 
  that does make a huge difference . 
  we could certainly handle 5-10x more ukrainian refugees than refugees from the n. africa and the middle east . 
  the reason is that you can safely distribute them without leaving them to fend for them selves . 
  that 's a horrible idea . 
  you 're a refugee . 
  you do n't speak the language , you do n't have any extended family to help you , you 're a stranger in a strange land and then suddenly you 're ripped appart from the only other people you know . 
  completely isolated and with no way for the government to efficiently provide help , you 're basically on your own in a nice house or apartment but with no direction or idea what to do next . 
  if you happen to end up in a particularly xenophobic neighborhood , you are fucked . 
  both concentration and distribution are bad , but concentration is temporary . 
  idealy you effectively use resources to help people build the foundation of a future and gradually distribute them as they manage to assimilate to an acceptable degree , but that takes years . 
  there simply is n't a good solution . 
  the refugees did n't want to leave home and we have no way to integrate people over night . 
  the whole thing is like a bad injury . 
  we 're rich enough to make it not fatal , we 're even able to fix it , but all the money and good will in the world is n't going to make it not hurt . 
  what 's the alternative . 
  spread the people out and you have a few ten thousand people who do n't speak the language all alone in a foreign land with no idea what to do and no way for the government to help them as any resources earmarked for them will be so scattered as to be useless . 
  having them in one place is best , but they need housing . 
  building or finding housing for that many people is a practical impossibility and even if we did , we 'd basically end up with the american housing projects . 
  as far as most of us former east block countries go , we do n't have our own shit together and are barely making our homes in to places where young people born here would want to stay . 
  unloading the people who do n't want to be in our countries in to places that do n't want and more importantly , do n't know how to care for them is a recipe for disaster . 
  you wo n't find one country in the former eastern block where people have n't already had experiences with forced resettlements and redistribution of peoples and the local populations above the age of 30 are reasonably paranoid about any such move . 
  you ca n't convince people that this is n't a ploy to make the economically weaker countries even more dependant by flooding them with immigrants . 
  we 've had centuries worth of experience that tell us such moves are always to be regarded as malicious . 
  the only way this could ever work is if we got to cherry pick who we wanted . 
  basically we take the professionals , the technicians , the best educated and lowest risk refugees . 
  anything else and the first time a refugee commits a serious crime the accusation will arise that you cherry picked the good ones and sent us the criminals , the potential terrorists and everyone else you did n't want to deal with and even if it 's not your intention to do so , that 's how it 's going to happen . 
  no one wants to send away potential assets or keep liabilities . 
  no one is going to actively try and send us people that would sabotage us , although that 's going to be the perception , but any half way fair system for the refugees is by necessity going to treat staying in a rich country as a reward so by definition , any desirable person will have a much higher chance of staying , while anyone undesirable will get shipped to us . 
  personally i firmly believe it is our moral obligation to help those in need but i am in the minority that understands that we are no longer those people and that we should do our best to help others . 
  for the redistribution of refugees to have any prayer of working both they and we need to feel like we 're getting a good deal . 
  they got picked by us rather than rejected by you . 
  we choose these people , rather than have them dumped on us . 
  really ?!, 
  people who share a common cultural background have more in common than those who do n't ? 
  do you honestly not see how homogenous culture is not just in europe , but everywhere ? 
  you have more in common with the average person in a city in china than someone from coastal france had in common with someone from inland france 300 years ago . 
  we have the same clothes , cars , appliances . 
  eat the same food , live in the same kind of houses , listen to the exact same music , watch the exact same movies and tv shows . 
  a few decades back we all turned in to regional flavored ice cream . 
  some were fruity , some were sweet but we were all ice cream . 
  now we 're all vanilla . 
  your arguing that irish toping and english toping and australian toping are more similar to each other than spanish toping is to german . 
  i say , who cares , it 's still all f-ing vanilla . 
  the societies that our grandparents paid for with their blood are dead , long dead , dead and buried and i will bet any amount of money that the wast majority of them would see this nonsense as proof positive that they should n't have bothered . 
  you 're still making the same naive assumption . 
  you think that this exhibition has something profound to say and it does n't . 
  our `` bubble '' is currently the size of the whole planet . 
  people are fully aware that there is a world over dam dar hills and it 's important , but they also know that there 's nothing they can realistically do to change it outside of their immediate vicinity . 
  it takes a special kind of delusion to think that the place to see the shadowy truth of the world is n't in a hospital , a prison , a factory , a school , a dark alleyway or a government building , but in a gallery , in a curated exhibit . 
  this is complete and total bullshit . 
  you 're making an argument so flawed , you need to stipulate multiple times that you do n't mean this or that just to make clear to the reader you have n't fully lost your mind . 
  you write a wall of text that basically states , this exhibit is good , because it might be interesting . 
  it might , but it 's also in horrible taste , and since i 'm a cynic i only see the political equivalent of snuff pornography . 
  attracting those looking to get off on a combination of controversy and a sense of superiority because you , unlike us other mortals , do n't live in small bubbles . 
  you see the world as it really is and if we would just think like you we too could one day hope to join you . 
  the hardest lesson in life is that sometimes things really are that simple . 
  good people died for no reason . 
  the bastards who killed them were deluded assholes . 
  you can discuss it forever and i can guarantee you 'll conclude it 's every other problem under the sun that 's really to blame , from global warming to pandas going extinct just so you do n't have to admit that terrorists are just bad , because that 's what a pedestrian thinks and you 're so much smarter . 
  nothing says progress like treating the violent murder of innocent man , women and children as a teachable moment about the different cultural perceptions of self sacrifice . 
  now i am of the opinion that art should be given lots leeway , but only as long as the artist is `` punching up '' you want to criticize the powers that be , mock and belittle them , satirize and parody them , go ahead . 
  be as offensive and as inconsiderate as you like . 
  explore any idea you want , but this is n't punching up . 
  at best this is the naive and egotistical disregard of others for the sake of their personal `` artistic expression '' at worst , and more likely , this is scandal baiting . 
  getting free press by deliberately doing something outrageous , for the sake of fame and money . 
  there was a time art was revered , but then again , that was a time when art was good . 
  because turkey controls russian access to the open sea . 
  a blue water port has been a russian goal since forever and turkey is in a perfect position to stop them from sevastopol being that port . 
  that 's basically it . 
  strategically convenient . 
  i swear to god , i 'm going to make censoring art a recognized art form just so i can complain that by not letting me censor art , you 're censoring my art . 
  never forgive , never forget . 
  let hatred burn inside you . 
  let it be your light in the dark times . 
  if you have nothing else to live for , live to see those who wronged you fall . 
  forgetting is a privilege of the victors , forgiveness a virtue of the strong . 
  when grass starts to grow on your enemies grave , that is when you forgive their deeds , that is when you forget their name . 
  not what you would call `` healthy '' in the classical sense of the word , but , hey , it works . 
  sure , but reproduction for the sake of reproduction is the ideology of things that do n't want to go extinct . 
  700 million is fine , but what happens if 300million of that is above 60 years old and 200 million is above 45 . 
  what happens when the whole population is old because birthrates have only gone down . 
  everything too top heavy eventually falls . 
  at some point the young will be forced to abandon the elderly to their fate because we are giving them a burden they simply can not carry . 
  there are places in canada where murders are impossible do to a population of 0-1 people , so that 's certainly true . 
  not possible unless you want to kill everyone when they become 50 years old . 
  if you reduce the birth rate the population ages to the point where the system collapses so that angle is a non starter . 
  this only leaves cutting from the top , but people generally dislike death so that 's a problem too . 
  the yanks not caring about optimal yields per acre because they have more farmland than they know what to do with , where as we do care about optimal yields do to spacial constrictions . 
  it 's because the us made it clear that they were backing taiwan even if they permit the chinese to save face by not making it official . 
  the us navy has been conducting naval exercises for decades to prove this very point . 
  they do n't invade taiwan because war with the us would be all but certain , while with hk they had confirmation that the us was not going to intervene and the uk was hesitant to put up a fight . 
  that 's a very big gamble to make . 
  from your end , staying is a bluff . 
  you ca n't hold hk and china knows it and they know you know it . 
  they would need to ask them selves if you could get the us to care enough to go to war over hk after you acted in bad faith and my guess would be that the risk of that is low enough and the reward high enough for them to go forward . 
  the only reason china has n't tried to invade taiwan is that at least for now , such an action is almost certainly doomed to fail , but both the us and taiwanese governments are convinced that the presence , not just the threat of force is absolutely critical . 
  china has proven to be aggressively expansionist and pulling out was almost certainly the best outcome for all involved . 
  mind you , this is how it should be . 
  you ca n't convict someone on the accusers word alone .
