  i 'm talking about average people exploiting lax regulations . 
  who in france is actually going to care enough to enforce the 5 years to a degree where it ca n't be avoided by simply lying ? 
  `` oh , of course i lived here for 5 years . 
  i have bills sent to me at my address here where i live together with my 15 roommates . '', 
  you would need local officials to care . 
  they wo n't . 
  they 'll be more than happy to let people live at home since it 's no burden on them and granting them citizenship gives no significant extra benefits over what they would get from just being eu citizens . 
  i seriously believe you 're just being a crybaby because i pointed out the idea was stupid as an outsider . 
  if i was a brit saying the exact same thing you would be agreeing with me . 
  you would have no issue believing the french , dutch and swedish officials wo n't care enough to do their job . 
  this is a warning . 
  letting in anyone preferentially is a horrible idea . 
  if you think it 's not , fine by me . 
  you being lax can only hurt you . 
  it 's not your fault . 
  you 're dutch . 
  you 're the people who thought giving immigrants money to go back home would n't be abused . 
  let me try to explain this in the simplest way i can without using crayons . 
  if getting in to the uk the normal way is harder than getting in to the uk by getting citizenship in another eu member state with preferential status , then people will do it the easy way . 
  because the british wo n't like this system being abused , they 'll take away special status or never give it out in the first place . 
  it 's far to easy for eu citizens to get citizenship in any other eu country for this system to be anything other than a flop . 
  if i 'm missing something feel free to point it out , because all i 'm getting from you is `` error , error , does not compute '', 
  it 's a good argument to not have any loopholes . 
  are you really this blind . 
  i 'm flat out telling you that if you let so much as one country have preference , you might as well give it to all of them because that will be the ultimate effect . 
  if you want to keep people out , the only viable approach is to treat everyone with equal suspicion . 
  i 'm giving you the headline of the stunning news report about the stunning failure of the preferential country system a few years in advance and all you can come up with is `` ha , ha , this means my dumb idea is morally justified '' sure . 
  but it 's still dumb . 
  you got your warning . 
  if you choose to ignore it that 's fine , just do n't bitch when the most obvious outcome in the world happens and it all terribly backfires . 
  this is n't a logic statement . 
  if you make a loophole , people will abuse it . 
  it 's genuinely scary to me that this is n't blatantly obvious , scarier still that even when it 's pointed out you are still willingly blind to it . 
  5 years is nothing . 
  most new members had similarly long waiting periods . 
  you also do n't have to live in france . 
  you 're thinking like a westerner . 
  you just have to pretend to live in france for 5 years . 
  or people are cutting out the middle man and going directly to the uk while they still can . 
  remember , people here we 're doing this stuff when crossing the border meant potentially getting shoot and getting deposited meant going to a soviet prison . 
  now we can do everything legally . 
  the system is way to easy to beat to have any chance of working . 
  and here 's where the divide between east and west really shows . 
  to a brit and to most westerners , this sounds like a plausible option . 
  to us in the east ... this is a joke , right ? 
  if they give preference to any eu country , they will inevitably give access to citizens from every eu country . 
  why ? 
  because all eu citizens can live and work anywhere in the eu , which means that the cost of granting citizenship to someone from bulgaria or romania ect . 
  comes at virtually no cost , but has immense value . 
  this incentive structure is obviously flawed as the eu members that have preferential status are incentivised to give citizenship to those eu citizens willing but unable to move to the uk . 
  requirements will ether become more lenient for eu citizens or their enforcement will become more lax since sending people off the england is certainly preferable to having them linger . 
  even if this does n't become policy , people will seek and find ways to exploit any back door offered to them . 
  if there 's a requirement that says people need to be citizens for x number of years , they 'll forge documents , bribe officials or just wait . 
  if there is a loophole and there will be plenty , of that i am certain , it will be exploited . 
  the second it 's put the paper , any agreement will be scoured , every flaw discovered , tested and successful attempts will be documented and replicated . 
  you 're dealing with people who had to deal with communist style bureaucracy on a daily level . 
  the powers that be in the west simply lack the institutional knowledge to deal with that kind of experience and determination . 
  wrong kind of slav you dim whit . 
  and we 're back to the original problem . 
  you 're assholes and you 're hellbent on being the other . 
  you get to be assholes while being one of us . 
  when you 're not one of us and are still assholes , then we hate you . 
  how 's that for unity of purpose . 
  not every eu member agrees the eu is better off without you , but no one disputes that you are the most annoying people on the continent . 
  no , because it has n't happened yet . 
  no british troops have arrived in estonia since the 50 left a few months back . 
  that 's the future which is a different time from the past or present . 
  that 's romania . 
  a different country from estonia . 
  50 you sent 50 troops to estonia . 
  you also sent 4 planes and you left a few months ago . 
  there 's a permanent rotation going on where two countries send 4 jets each and troops to support them and they stay for four months and then leave again until they 're up again . 
  i would argue that the ussr was basically a non hereditary tsardom . 
  just like the french revolution created the french empire and the american revolution essentially left the colonies under a model of government most similar to what they already had prior to the british overreach , the russian revolution ousted one set of absolute leaders for another with the aristocracy being replaced by the nomenclature , blood replaced by `` party loyalty '' and ... well blood in most cases . 
  technically there was more vertical mobility . 
  i farmer could rise to a position of prominence , but it was obvious that every year more and more positions of power were filled with people who shared a last name with someone else high up . 
  the russians ended up back with the only system they really knew and even today we arguably have tsar vladimir and his oligarchs . 
  apparently no one is a very common name then . 
  how would rushing to negotiations be a disaster ? 
  if the uk can afford to walk away with nothing it really does n't matter when negotiations start . 
  if the uk ca n't afford to walk away with nothing , then it does n't matter when negotiations start because you 're negotiating from a position of weakness . 
  by starting the process immediately you at least have the ability to bluff . 
  now everyone 's seen your hand . 
  you need a deal . 
  you treat the eu with very open hostility . 
  you 're meeting nato obligations , but in terms of actually contributing to the defense of the east front you did exactly as much as france or germany , and poland and belgium and denmark for that matter . 
  when spewing nonsense about controlling your own borders , you 're specifically talking about us . 
  you have to be . 
  romanians and poles coming to steal your jobs . 
  no freedom of movement so that none of us undesirables can soil your pristine country . 
  the french and the germans are assholes , but they 're our assholes . 
  they have their own geopolitical agendas , but they still want to peruse them from within the eu . 
  they 're willing to ignore immediate benefits for the long term prosperity of the group . 
  if you left on friendly terms , if the debate was about divergent views and the uk deciding to peg their position in regards to the union here and let the rest of us move to a more federal system , that would have been fine . 
  the uk reduces it 's role and influence as the rest of the eu grows closer and eventually , the uk is out , or maybe it 's not depending on the mood of the day . 
  but no . 
  you could n't have that . 
  you had to spew slanderous nonsense about all of us . 
  you claimed the eastern expansion was thrust upon you , that turkey and syria might be made members against your will , that your sovereignty was under attack by regulations you ether wrote , help write or voted for . 
  you claimed we were taking your money and giving nothing in return .
