  you do know we can understand you when you talk . 
  we can hear what you 're saying and we took the rhetoric . 
  we ignored it . 
  we believed when cooler heads said that it was the fringe talking , and then we wake up one morning to see that no , it was a majority of people that thought like that . 
  even now , trying to prove that the uk is n't already hostile , the best you can come up with is `` the political leaders we do n't like did something that helped you so shut up and suck our cocks . '', 
  you really are just like the fucking serbs . 
  you want to act like blunt assholes but you also want everyone to love you for it . 
  the regressive left . 
  a movement that went so far left that they managed to turn the corner and ended up in far right country . 
  the progressive left fought for freedom of speech , fought the established powers that be , fought for the right of all people to be free . 
  the regressive left aims to use the established power to curb freedom of expression and no longer seeks to ensure everyone is free and equal , but rather that everyone is perceived as equal . 
  sounds similar , but there 's a major difference . 
  a progressive leftist finds traditional islam deplorable . 
  they have nothing against muslims in general or against arabs , turks , persians ect . 
  but are opposed to the hyper conservative practices that allow for the systematic discrimination of women and people not of the muslim faith . 
  a regressive leftist has decided that everyone 's culture is equal and that everyone 's culture should be respected even if said culture flies in the face of everything they them selves stand for . 
  to a regressive leftist a woman being stoned for adultery is n't a moral wrong , it 's just different and while we do n't have to like it , we have to respect it . 
  to a progressive leftist segregation is a moral evil . 
  people should not be legally divided by race . 
  the regressive left recently held protests where they attempted to establish spaces for the exclusive use of non whites , including dorms on collage campuses . 
  there were people in liberal collages trying to bring back segregation , only this time it was different because it was segregation that is aimed at helping rather than oppressing non white people . 
  basically what we have is the result of every major liberal policy being successful , there being no more major monsters to slay , but people still wanting to rebel against some kind of injustice so they fabricate one . 
  they can do this because we 've created systems that reinforce echo chambers . 
  we connect to people who agree with us from around the world , while we ignore our neighbors . 
  the most stupid and over the top view point suddenly becomes reasonable because the group will label anyone who descents as the other . 
  there 's a similar issue on the right , where the people who are supposed to stand for tradition and conservation are now outrage mongers . 
  the right went from seeing them selves as john wayne . 
  stoic , strong and a champion for common sense and common cutesy to taking pride in being anti establishment , anti government and anti civility , ignoring that we enjoy the quality of life we have precisely because of those things . 
  let 's be fair . 
  all of us from the former east block have some huge problems we still have to deal with , but because we know how bad things were and we realize how bad they can be again , because no one who lived under actual communism thinks their country is imune from catastrophe and hardship . 
  brilliant observation sherlock , but if you payed a bit more attention you would have noticed that my point was n't that she was stalling now . 
  my point was that she could have invoked article 50 immediately but picked an arbitrary later date . 
  why ? 
  to buy time for a case to come before the courts . 
  now that it 's up to the courts the government can blame whoever ultimately votes it down in parliament , rather than facing the consequences of pulling the trigger . 
  turning back to the original point . 
  we started this whole mess while talking about not turning the uk hostile upon which you jumped in with claims of franco-german hegemony . 
  you already see us as the enemy . 
  us treating you as anything else is absurd . 
  look . 
  you made a fucking decision . 
  it 's a dumb decision and you know it . 
  if you did n't know it was a dumb decision , you would go around looking for others to validate you . 
  the only country currently not doing everything to get the uk to get it 's ass in motion and leave is the uk . 
  you are fighting tooth and nail to ether have parliament block brexit or for some other legal technicality to bail you out . 
  if that was n't the case , may would have invoked a 50 months ago . 
  if you think the eu is such a horrible place , try shutting up about it long enough to go away !, 
  we got 27 yes votes and it was germany that managed to solve our last minute disputes with slovenia . 
  the french and germans ca n't even push around hungary , or wallonia or hell , even us , jet somehow the only country that constantly folds to this so called hegemony is you . 
  maybe you 're just naturally pathetic and unable to stand up for your selves . 
  the rest of us have no such issues . 
  make the uk hostile ? 
  your foreign minister ensured the turks he would fight for their addition in to the union after a fear champagne about the danger of turkey joining the eu . 
  you are hostile and the french should have listened to de gaul and never let you in in the first place . 
  and saying no to a negotiation extension is the only way other countries can do the same . 
  of course , they 're lazy low life 's which is why unemployment is so low and the british economy is doing so well . 
  brexit is to the benefit of nobody and yet here we are . 
  the british do not have a monopoly on stupid , short sighted ideas . 
  the canada deal took almost a decade to negotiate and it 's still not done . 
  it still needs ratification , which is the hard part and that 's with everyone liking canada . 
  why ? 
  it takes a single no vote to shut it down and plenty of countries do n't have enough ties to the uk to be impacted in a big way . 
  anyone who thinks an extension is anything short of very unlikely has never followed eu negotiations with other nations . 
  it 's not individual representatives voting on this . 
  it 's the countries , which means the parliaments which means it would only take one major party trying to score points in the next election to shoot the whole thing down . 
  you voted for him and then you voted to keep the god awful election system that let the tories win with 37 % of the vote . 
  you are at fault . 
  you 're a democracy and no one gives a crap that you mentally distanced your selves from your elected representatives . 
  your dog shit on the floor . 
  that 's now your shit to clean up . 
  or precisely because . 
  these are n't the unwashed masses landing on us shores . 
  people coming to the uk from europe have decent lives but are looking for better opportunities . 
  the work and then they buy stuff . 
  they 're an active population that adds to the british economy . 
  i find it patently insane that some people think one could kick out over 3 million productive , taxpayers and actually improve the british economy . 
  please tell us if there 's anything we can even negotiate about because as it stands , the end result of the 2 years will be a clean split . 
  if that 's the case , might as well skip the whole thing . 
  that 's any amount of alcohol . 
  hell , that 's any amount of being tired . 
  sure . 
  the us absolutely is one big country with a single culture . 
  people move . 
  they move a lot . 
  the big states are big mostly do to people from small states moving there . 
  to claim that there were some wast differences is simply not based in fact . 
  both parties have backers everywhere . 
  basically every state is purple and most people want something different , but they ca n't get it because the system does n't allow it . 
  rather than promote any regional opinion all it does is help the two established parties perpetually stay in power . 
  it 's actively harmful while doing none of the things you claim it does . 
  ps when you want to say cunt , say cunt . 
  no , a parrot has something relevant to say every once in a while . 
  it 's the internet . 
  if you do n't want to argue , do n't argue . 
  if you do n't want to repeat your self copy paste . 
  if you do n't want to be called a cunt , do n't act like a cunt you cunt . 
  you are objectively wrong . 
  every voice in a solid red or blue state counts for basically nothing . 
  every person who votes against the grain in their states has their vote taken away and given the the most popular candidate . 
  even the people who 's vote counts do n't have a real choice because if they did you would have elections , not a shouting mach about weather you hated blue bullshit more than red bullshit .
