  real insane , not the `` anyone doing this must be insane '' insane , but the clinical kind . 
  the world however , did n't drive him insane . 
  for all we know , he may have still understood reality , but even if he did n't , that just means he was n't at fault . 
  he lacked the capacity to discern right from wrong , but it was ultimately still him that made a choice . 
  faced with the same situation , the same big bad world , the same mental illness , most people do not make that choice . 
  no , no it does not . 
  stop with the bullshit . 
  what you 're describing is something like 75 % of everyone on the planet . 
  you might as well make a coloration between mass shootings and wearing pants . 
  i genuinely ca n't understand this reflective need to somehow justify mass shootings , to make it so there 's someone else that 's really at fault , that we as a society need to change . 
  it 's never truly the shooters fault . 
  well i 'm taking the other side of this coin . 
  they 're all dangerous freaks.they were always dangerous freaks . 
  they made people justifiably uncomfortable and that 's why people were constantly on them . 
  of course every shooter has a bullying story , being anti social , being deranged that 's going to set people off . 
  adults do n't see it because they do n't really take kids seriously , but their peers do . 
  and 6 in 100 years . 
  these kinds of events were about as rare as it get 's where as we can fully expect another mass shooting tomorrow , next week or next month at the latest . 
  was not the beginning of a series of mass shootings . 
  the only reason anyone even knows his name is because that kind of attack was exceptionally rare . 
  no one , not even far right radicals emulated him or wanted to be associated with him . 
  he is a terrorist with and agenda that no one cares for . 
  the very opposite of a group . 
  there are six entries for german school shootings . 
  the first is from 1913 , the second from 1964 . , the third is in 2006 . one death , the perpetrator , the forth entry is from 1983 and committed by a czech . 
  only the last two entries had german shooters with fatalities other than the perpetrator , one in 2002 . and one in 2009 . 
  six school shooting in over 100 years . 
  reaffirming the point that this is n't remotely common in europe , or at least it was n't until about 18 months ago . 
  they say that about every minority . 
  however only one group seems to think the solution is to prove them right by going on a murder spree . 
  i 'm disgusted by everyone who thinks the murderer who ruined the lives of 10 families has a son story worth sharing . 
  i do n't see the relatives of the people dying in these attacks going on killing sprees in muslim neighborhoods , because you know what sucks more than getting bullied in school , having a loved one murders for no reason . 
  if i can expect to see more people lashing out , where are the german , polish , korean , chinese , greek , spanish , brazilian , indian and french mass shooters . 
  why is this problem so endemic to one group ? 
  you see the right wing being at fault for making these people feel less welcome . 
  i see the right wing being right . 
  they are n't european . 
  they resist becoming european . 
  they have delusions about being separate and better than the people of their adopted home , and when confronted with their inadequacy , unable to exert any real power , they resort to violence against the weak and helpless . 
  ether by going to the middle east to fight , kill and raper for isis or now here . 
  the worst part about your attitude is that you are inadvertently lumping the assholes with the western muslims who were trying to get away from these people . 
  your using the good works of others as a human shield for radicalism and by pointing the blame at the european far right , the people who are n't going on killing sprees , because they were warning us this would happen , you are giving power to the most radical elements in that movement . 
  look , i know people talk a big game on here about leaving countries for all kinds of bullshit reasons and more level headed people ether call them out or explain why it 's not that simple . 
  a few days ago , when the news broke that teachers and deans were being fired , i said , half seriously that they should probably get the hell out of dodge . 
  well now they ca n't . 
  i would very , very , very seriously start looking for relatives outside of turkey you can pay an impromptu visit to for a few weeks , or moths . 
  if that 's not an option , it 's the summer , go on holiday , a long , holiday . 
  if leaving is an option , do n't stay and figure stuff out in turkey . 
  leave the country , not permanently , just take a trip that 's long enough for you to figure shit out . 
  if it means losing your job , lose your job . 
  if it means canceling your studies , cancel your studies . 
  that stuff is reversible . 
  do not think about it at home . 
  go somewhere safe and then start figuring things out because next week you might find your name on a no travel list . 
  no it does not . 
  there 's a huge difference between someone potentially needing some time off , and someone not legally being able to work . 
  uk scientist are some of the best on the planet . 
  uk politicians are some of the worst when it comes to science funding . 
  that was the great thing about having the uk in the eu . 
  all that talent got money . 
  in the future expect the us to be funding uk scientists , workimg in us labs on us projects . 
  it abdolutely is de facto discriminatory . 
  it is not however de jure discriminatory and that 's what counts . 
  you can not legaly force an institution to make poor managerial decisions . 
  it 's like saying driving exams are discriminating agaist the blind . 
  they are , but for very practical reasons . 
  blind people can not drive , just like british scientists ca n't do science in eu projects post brexit . 
  yes . 
  you can terminate the agreement . 
  you 've already stated you 'll terminate the agreement . 
  everyone is just waiting for you to terminate the agreement . 
  what 's so hard to grasp , the remedy for any breach is the harmed country invoking article 50 and leaving the eu . 
  not paying for membership is tacit invocation . 
  do you get it now . 
  all you can do is leave , which , seeing as you 're the only country in europe who currently does n't want that to happen any time soon , is n't much of a threat . 
  you will be paying until you leave . 
  that 's a fact . 
  you can be as pissy as you like about it , but the uk is absolutely not going to stop paying dues early . 
  hell , if i were a betting man , i 'd put my money on you paying even after your gone . 
  and you can stop paying at any time . 
  it 's called invoking article 50 . 
  threatening to stop paying was far more impressive before voting to leave the union . 
  funding will stop . 
  cooperation will cease . 
  had you bothered to at least have a concrete timetable people could work around it , but as things stand the uk could leave as early january or in 2020 , or in 2050 . for all we know . 
  the average uk voter may be incapable of thinking beyond 5 seconds in to the future , but our scientific community does not have the luxury of short-sightedness . 
  british scientists are a liability . 
  if they have to quit half way through a project , deadlines could be missed and funding lost . 
  if it 's a british project , it would be defunded all together , unless the uk takes over , a prospect that sounds unlikely at best , which would mean all the money put in would be wasted . 
  because you ca n't responsibly fund a project that might get cancelled half way through because britain finally decided to leave . 
  all the money would go down the drain instead of funding a project that would be run to completion . 
  science is n't a day , week , month or year long endeavour . 
  projects can take decades and if in 2030 . the uk is still waiting for the proper conditions to leave , we 'll feel silly for not optimally using our human potential , but that 's better than using millions of euros on projects we know , likely never get past the half way point . 
  sure , sure . 
  if scientists is slang for underaged hookers . 
  if you mean actual scientists ... good luck with that . 
  it is . 
  however you are n't discriminating based on nationality . 
  you 're discriminating based on reliability to stay on the project , choosing not to hire people who might not be legally allowed to work on the project half way in . 
  they just so happen to be british .
