  first , the principal issue is that migration to eastern europe by decree from the west already breeds resentment . 
  even if the overall outcome was a net positive , being forced in to it pisses people off . 
  second . 
  the outcome will not be positive . 
  clouds do not have silver linings in the east . 
  we have n't figured out how to keep our own people out of cripling poverty so i really do n't see how anyone can think that sending us more poor people is a good idea . 
  sure , the floor , the worst case outcomes where we 're overrun by terrorists are extremely unlikely , but the ceiling is still half a floor below ground level . 
  at best , we can hope that there are a few thousand more people as poor and miserable as the rest of us . 
  that 's assuming no trouble , fast integration and all that other nonsense that 's just not going to happen . 
  the last time a large wave of muslim migrants came to europe everyone was optimistic . 
  today tens of thousands of second gen migrants are on a middle eastern murder spree for isis . 
  i ca n't imagine a bigger fuck up when it came to integration . 
  it failed . 
  failed worse than the most outlandish detractors could predict . 
  rapists , slavemongers and murdered , europe born with european passports . 
  how is this time going to be different ? 
  not to mention before that being split up between the austrians , germans and turks . 
  you should be renting out the bedroom then . 
  you could easely charge 500 $ a month depending on location . 
  unless the things he 's saying are directly related to the experience . 
  doctor says smoking is bad . 
  get 's ignored because he was a nazi . 
  his claim had nothing to do with his past and one should have bearing on the other . 
  here we have a man with an axe to grind stating an opinion . 
  bias is hugely important in this case . 
  look say what you want but the man is right . 
  we need to adapt a new code of conduct . 
  first . 
  women shall not vote for this mayor ever again . 
  second . 
  men shall not vote for this mayor ever again . 
  third . 
  any politician suggesting we need to adapt should get defenestrated . 
  forth . 
  men and women should vote for politicians that run on a : `` make sure no one get 's sexually assaulted without having to alter their way of life '' platform . 
  there . 
  new code of conduct . 
  as opposed to their infinite knowledge , deep care and enthusiastic participation in the inner workings of westminster ? 
  there is a way to do it that does n't involve the government . 
  in shipping , there are these things called protection and indemnity clubs . 
  it 's like insurance , but it covers the insane potential cost of your ship smashing in to someone else 's and causing billions in damages . 
  regular insurance wo n't touch it so the ship owners formed a club . 
  they pool money , pay someone to keep an eye on it , as well as multiple someone 's to keep an eye on that guy , and when something happens , they have it covered . 
  if they do n't spend the pool , the roll it over or pay out the members . 
  if a member is costing the rest money by being an irresponsible prick , he gets voted out . 
  see where i 'm going ? 
  the issue with insurance companies is that they serve the interest of their shareholders . 
  a p&i club has no shareholder . 
  the people in charge are the members . 
  if enough people join you basically get diy universal healthcare . 
  on a smaller scale , say a town or county , you could make a pool that covers only catastrophic medical events , basically a hedge against losing everything to one serious ailment , while being cheaper to run since you only have to pay a few really big bills every so often rather than having to deal with daily issues . 
  it 's more work than just buying insurance , but that convenience has a price , and the price is a combination of money and getting fucked over . 
  great , i actually really want to know this . 
  how are hispanics not white ? 
  here in europe we have spain . 
  the spanish are white . 
  they have a better tan than the scandies but they 're definitely white . 
  what happened between spain and mexico ? 
  was there some big mixing of europeans with the natives ? 
  it seems insane to me that there would be such a huge perceived divide between two groups of europeans living next to each other . 
  i 'm being perfectly serious . 
  who started it ? 
  do hispanics want to distance them selves , is this coming from the yanks , what gives ? 
  this is painfully true . 
  a friend of mine , a bosnian muslim who moved to germany over a decade ago to work as a nurse first had to experience getting called a whore by illiterate assholes fresh off the proverbial boat ( probably assuming her being `` one of them '' they could `` set her straight '' ) followed by being called heartless and a member of the radical right for not liking being called a whore . 
  the kicker , the so called compassionate left decided to try and guilt trip her since she was also a war refugee . 
  she was n't . 
  the war she got to experience first hand . 
  now she 's seriously thinking of going back home just to get away from degenerate assholes . 
  i do n't even know what to say . 
  she has life there , but it 's becoming unlivable . 
  i would recommend moving to the countryside , a small town or the outer suburbs of a larger city . 
  10 months ago i could n't imagine a world where someone would go back to bosnia to feel safe and respected , but here we are . 
  because shooting missiles at them is illegal in europe . 
  i do love it when high minded rhetoric is used to justify doing something monumentally dumb . 
  someday it would be nice to figure out just how many people had to die in the name of `` the rule of law '' or `` honor '' , `` king and country '' there 's a roman maxim : `` dura lex , sed lex '' which means `` the law is cruel , but it 's still the law '' it was invoked to justify killing 200 slaves after their master was murdered through no fault of theirs . 
  the law insisted all slaves of a master murdered in his home must be put to death . 
  the people of rome were not happy since they saw this as an injustice , but thankfully , the rule of law was preserved and 200 innocent people were killed . 
  yay for the rule of law . 
  if you decide that that does n't count since it was a dumb law , not being able to kill people actively trying to kill you , also a dumb law . 
  not really . 
  see , right now they 're riding a wave of success . 
  thanks to the media pandering to easily scared idiots , there 's an impression that they actually have a chance of victory so people go and fight . 
  in reality , every time they try to do anything remotely proactive , they get stomped in to the ground . 
  further more , the refusal to send ground troops means that there are no foreign soldiers to focus your hate on . 
  what does it mean to be a jihadi ? 
  you shout at the sky hoping to hurt the feeling of the death robot flying above ? 
  people dislike feeling impotent rage . 
  they want to hurt someone . 
  with isis , this hate was focused on the people around them . 
  since they could n't hurt their proclaimed enemies , they hurt the weak . 
  however , the weak are a dying breed . 
  in a few years time , isis is going to realize that they can be the targets of suicide bombers and terror attacks just like anyone else . 
  the great irony is that the longer something like isis is around the more disillusioned people will get . 
  no one wants to be on the losing side . 
  no one is going to join the organization that failed to create a caliphate after trying for a decade . 
  i think you got it backwards . 
  it 's not so much the upper classes imposing their views on the poor . 
  it 's the poor who are deeply religious . 
  look at turkey .
