  any contract that requires an illegal or immoral act is void . 
  why would they . 
  there absolutely no point in having a union if no one followes the rules . 
  the eu could have bent over backwards to keep the uk in , but it was correctly decided that there 's no point . 
  if you do n't enforce the rules it 's a free for all , and the union is dead . 
  exept what they do know is that they can force their wives and daughters to wear anything and tell them that if asked they 're doing it of their own free will or else . 
  some do , but i for one am sick to my stomach when thinking about these assholes using their backwards nonsense to oppress women and girls right here , under our noses and then parade them in front of us smugly satisfied that we ca n't do a damn thing about it . 
  every girl and every woman who wants to dress like everyone else here is one of us . 
  if we ca n't make sure every one of us is free while walking down the street , out in the open , then who the hell are we ? 
  if a woman born in europe or born to be european ca n't be even while among us , simply because we do n't wish to inconvenience women who insist on staying foreigners , what good are we ? 
  please do n't . 
  then you get stuff like the 7 year 's war , so named because it lasted 9 years . 
  the rule is fingerprinting . 
  it 's the only option that makes sense since we have millions of people who are , one part illiterate in any language , one part only literate in their native language and script , one part with a poor understanding of english . 
  many without any documents , some with forged papers . 
  they were supposed to be fingerprinted at the border , but they refuse and fight back because they know authorities in germany wo n't care and then they 'll be able to apply multiple times in multiple places , or they become victims of easy to make clerical errors because the people receiving them ca n't spell their name , and they do n't know or do n't want to correct them . 
  it 's a real problem with a trivially easy solution , but because people like you will scram nazi at the mare mention of keeping track of people , the political will just is n't there and we get this clusterfuck with thousands of people basically dropping from the face of the earth , and we have no way to tell who many we should be looking for as they may be victims of a crime and how many never existed to begin with . 
  so a liar as well . 
  nom , nom , nom . 
  i have a problem ? 
  last time i checked a wierd dude was n't sending me strange messages over the internet . 
  now , the more important question is , want to play some diablo ? 
  macedonia is actually not that far away so we can do a laaaan party !, 
  :d :d :d :d, 
  you 're adorable . 
  absolutely adorable . 
  tell me , how would you treat an imbecile ? 
  do you like kicking them ? 
  do you dream of shooting them in the head ? 
  do you have sexual fantasies about imbeciles ? 
  did an imbecil break your heart ? 
  tell me doll face , you can trust me . 
  revisionist history is unbecoming . 
  the eu would profit quite a bit by dropping greece from the euro . 
  a new currency would be worthless as it 's very existence would be based on the need to print it in to oblivion . 
  quite a few euro states wanted to drop greece , but got a firm no on that unless greece decided to drop the euro by it 's own volition . 
  we want the articles , because we actually care about the uk leaving . 
  you may have no interest in ever doing anything , but we still want to be sure that if the day ever comes , we want to know where our people stand . 
  no , no it 's not . 
  government bought by someone is about as common an occurrence as you can imagine and historically , it actually happens less frequently in capitalist societies . 
  in communist and socialist countries , bribes are so widespread they 're basically fees , and that 's just for regular people . 
  in old school monarchies you could openly buy and sell positions of power like public offices and even military commissions . 
  you 're taking a phenomenon and saying it 's somehow intrinsic to capitalism , when in reality , it 's intrinsic to people and capitalism simply wa n't able to solve it . 
  so like i was correct , they had a primary deficit for 7 years , and now we 're forced in to austerity to get the smallest sliver of a surplus . 
  basically , if tomorrow they got a cheque to cover all their debts and continued all the austerity measures they hate with a burning passion , and their economy managed to stay stable , they would just barely have enough to cover their running costs , until the baby boom generation leaves the work force . 
  realistically , greece would imeditly reverse all austerity measures and start borrowing to make up the difference , just like they did last time they had access to cheap credit . 
  i 'm saying the situation was fundamentally different because at the time there was no germany . 
  there was an american controlled territory populated by germans . 
  any money payed by germany would by necessary come out of us pockets . 
  given that the us was already giving wast sums of money to europe , they were quite obviously slightly peeved when people tried to double dip . 
  if greece is willing to do what germany did , surrender all sovereignty and become a glorified military base , i am certain full debt forgiveness can be arranged without question or issue . 
  we are long past hypotheticals . 
  the question of will greece fuck up has already been answered with a resounding yes . 
  the question at hand is now , will greece fuck up again ? 
  congratulations , after only seven years you managed to get to 0.7 % surplus before paying interest on debt . 
  and it only took multiple rounds of bailouts and near total foreign control over your finances to get to a point where you 're spending marginally less than you 're taking in , mostly because you were given no choice in the matter , but still . 
  2015 saw you achieve the lofty heights of a bear minimum needed for a state to function . 
  i mean good god !, 
  it took you 7 years to stop running a primary deficit . 
  who does that ? 
  i 'm actually getting pissed at the morons who gave you money after already giving you money , and you still were n't even fit to finance your selves let alone pay anyone back . 
  not to mention , god only knows is the surplus will stick this year . 
  how do i scientifically know you would be back in debt in 5 years ? 
  the greek people told me . 
  you had a damn referendum where you voted for more spending . 
  you elected politicians on a platform of more spending . 
  you want bailouts and debt forgiveness because you decided that the last time you got `` free '' money , going in to unprecedented debt was an anomaly . 
  this time will be different ... and if your wrong , the rest of us get to bail you out again and maybe you do it it our way then , or maybe you still keep bitching about us forcing you to do nonsense like making sure taxes get collected . 
  i will grant you , being back in debt after 5 years is a tall order , but if anyone can do it , i believe that someone is you . 
  you have all the dysfunction and corruption of a slavic country , but instead of cynical fatalism , you have all the overblown sense of self worth and competence of middle easterners . 
  since you love to dodge my question i 'll ask a third time , perhaps in greater detail so maybe you get the point . 
  name the principal causes of your 2008 . meltdown and cite what you did to remedied the flaws in the way you handled money . 
  tell the people you are asking for a handout , the people you borrowed money from with no intention of ever repaying why you should be trusted with so much as a single cent . 
  that 's italy and spain . 
  i do n't know about right now but the last time they wanted money they had a primary deficit . 
  the debt is the least of their worries , they need loans to finance basic services . 
  so basically lazy fuck wants something for free and is screaming at the world to give it to him . 
  which is especially strange since the thing in question is already free , but the lazy fuck is pissed someone is still somehow making money off of it . 
  tell me , how does it feel being this useless and yet this entitled at the same time ? 
  no , you would rather have a policy based on wishful thinking . 
  greece did n't become fucked in 2008 . 
  greece was fucked long before that , and the whole thing just came crashing down that year . 
  instead of spouting nonsense just answer the damn question . 
  what 's different today ? 
  what changed ? 
  give me one reason for me to believe that if greece became debt free tomorrow , we would n't be right back here in five years . 
  this should be trivial . 
  you have a money problem and i 'm giving you as much money as you want for the purpose of answering the question . 
  tell me why a debt free greece would n't be back to it 's neck in debt by the early 2020 's . 
  that was about forgiving reparations and loans taken to buy us weapons . 
  germany was turned in to the front line of an expected third world war , and it was agreed that making them pay arbitrary sums of money to the people occupying them and using them as meat shields is a bad idea . 
  greece on the other hand was in a good financial situation , borrowed way more than they could ever pay back in order to bolster the size of their government which artificially reduced unemployment and to finance social programs so that they would n't have to go after tax cheats . 
  the greek government took loans to basically buy votes and i see no sign that they would do anything differently if given a chance again . 
  we 're not talking about something new . 
  we 're talkimg about doing something that 's been done already , but doing it for free . 
  go and do it . 
  we know it 's technically possible . 
  make a search engine . 
  there 's absolutely nothing stopping you or anyone else from making a non profit google . 
  everyone wants to be the lazy asshole who get 's to use it , but no one wants to put in the time and effort to actually do it for free .
