  we have people coming in from decent backgrounds and decent life styles who have high expectations , but nowhere near the skills it takes to be middle class in germany . 
  they 're not filling a need . 
  any and every job someone who is n't fluent in german could do , is being done by someone from e. europe or turkey . 
  there 's demand in a few fields , but that 's for highly specialized labor . 
  we 're talking having a 4-5 year degree in very specific fields . 
  it 's not enough that you 're an engineer , you have to be the right kind of engineer , or healthcare technician , or chemist . 
  if you 're not , congratulations and welcome to europe 's working poor . 
  it 's a decent existence , but not exactly what they 're looking for . 
  this is where you get resentment and how you get 2nd and 3rd generation european muslims joining isis . 
  so what ? 
  hello , 20k refugees . 
  you already know the drill , germany is that way , have a nice trip . 
  unless we actively stop them , they will just move back to germany . 
  if you have a serious suspicion you 're dealing with kidnappers who are about to get caught , it 's not exactly a good idea to let them take the kids . 
  if they took the test but not the kids i 'd be more inclined to believe this was harassment rather than a honest mistake . 
  handle what you can and ship the rest to austria where they handle what they can and ship the rest to germany . 
  you 're going to get political abuse ether way ( build a fence and your a nazi , do n't and your a trafficker ) so pick the option that requires you to do less . 
  we are . 
  we 're sending them on and so should you . 
  our policy is simple . 
  the crisis is only our problem if we make it our problem . 
  if berlin or brussels tells us that we get to lock the border and everyone get 's kicked out , we 're doing that at once , but as long as the policy is pro migrant and none of them want to actually stop here , we just let them through . 
  hungary built a wall and made this our problem . 
  if we build a wall we pass the buck to romania or bulgaria or italy until everyone has a wall , and it 's our problem again . 
  if we let them pass , it stops being our problem . 
  it becomes germanies problem , forcing them to ether handle this mess , or admit they 're in the wrong and change policy . 
  a fence really is n't a real option for us . 
  sure , the serbian border is easy , but the bosnian border is huge and impossible to close , not to mention the shoreline being amazingly long for a country our size . 
  why would we care . 
  hell why would you care . 
  germany needs a wall and they can damn well build it . 
  i 'm not letting some western asshole call us a racist for defending a border when we are n't the ones who need defending . 
  let them through and maybe someone up the line get 's off their royal ass and does something productive . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but why do we care about them getting to germany . 
  if you want to remove the pull factor stopping them here only makes sure this stays our problem . 
  if we just say fuck it and do nothing , they become the problem of the destination countries who seem to love refugees so much . 
  if they want to build walls , let them and then we can start calling them racists and nazis . 
  what we all need to do is tell the west to go fuck it self and just let them all move on . 
  hungary really had no reason to close it 's borders , rather they should have just sent the trains and buses towards germany , and now , so should we . 
  if some of us build a wall it shifts the problem . 
  if all of us build walls it becomes our collective problem . 
  if we just send them on their merry way , it stops being our problem altogether . 
  i hate to say it , but the serbia was the smart one here . 
  ship everyone off and laugh as we scramble to try and handle the influx . 
  unless we want to get stuck with this mess , there needs to be pressure at the destination , not at the entery point . 
  riddle me this oh wise one . 
  once they get redistributed to poland , croatia , romania or the czech republic , how exactly should we stop them from taking the fist train , bus , boat or plane going to germany ? 
  and what would you call the ottoman territory in europe they held until the mid 1800 's . 
  i would call it territory subjugated by military force , since , you know , it was . 
  expansion ended . 
  the conquests stayed . 
  the ottoman turks would like a word . 
  they pretty much whiped the floor with christian monarchies for 400 years after columbus sailed the ocean blue . 
  not to overstate the obvious , but of course it fell during the late period , that 's what makes it the late period . 
  if it collapsed 200 years earlier during the chaos of the third century ( when the empire fell apart for a few decades but was reunited by aurelian ) than that would be the late empire . 
  also western rome collapsed in the first third of the roman empires life span if we count the fall of constantinople as the end point . 
  that would be pretty early if you ask me . 
  to be more precise , you probably could n't , but if you did own a romanian village and sold off all the houses you would n't have enough to buy a studio in paris . 
  people are n't interested in selling their house for the price they could get and no one would buy it for the price that they want . 
  the point still stands though . 
  the value of most houses in eastern europe is lower than the cost of getting them built . 
  the market value is abysmal compared to western europe . 
  the cost of building a house in eastern europe is only slightly cheaper than doing the same in the west , but the value of said house is much lower . 
  it 's very difficult to get loan to build a house . 
  most people can never afford to do so . 
  buying a house is difficult because again , the market of houses for sail is small and houses in desirable locations are n't sold off lightly . 
  there 's also the fact of family cohesion . 
  kids do n't move away . 
  they add on a floor to their parents house and make it their home , shrinking demand even further . 
  foreign speculation in eastern european real estate is basically non existent and russia being on the war path is n't helping . 
  tldr everyone owns a house but the houses are n't worth much compared to similar buildings is western europe do to a little demand created by a lack of cheap credit and foreign interest . 
  more importantly , it will have a negative impact on the child 's adult life . 
  studies have shown time and time again that a unconventional name has a significant negative impact when looking for a job . 
  employees will dismiss people with unusual names out of hand . 
  sometimes because they think the person is pulling a prank , but more oftain unconsciously . 
  this was tested by sending the same cv under two different names to a large number of companies and a there was a significant difference in the number of call backs in favor of the conventional names . 
  the death penalty is cold blood . 
  someone who is already behind bars and not a danger to anyone . 
  this is hot blood . 
  50 guys , possibly armed , at night in the forest , belligerent , against 3 border guards . 
  in addition , the shoot bounced off a bridge , it was not an intentional killing . 
  in what world does not getting the election results you were hoping for constitute suffering ? 
  the middle ground is `` do the absolute minimum to keep everything from blowing up while talking about a solution '' even if we put all we 've got in to integration , if we apply everything we know to making this work , put everything we have in to kicking out the bad guys , horrible things will still happen . 
  hell , horrible things are happening , inside the camps and centers , and it 's just a matter of time before a big enough tragedy shakes everything up . 
  that 's what these kinds of numbers give you . 
  there will be rapists , pedophiles , murderers and terrorists coming in and they 'll get placed right next to their helpless victims . 
  there is nothing in this world , short of kicking 90 % of them out , we can do to stop that . 
  at best , we can hope the rest integrate well , are n't dissilusined by their new lives , their kids do n't radicalise , there is n't another financial crisis , there is n't a war , there is n't a major terror attack . 
  if none of these things happen , there will still be every day horrors suffered by refugee and local alike that wo n't make it to the news . 
  and how exactly would one go about doing that ? 
  how do you weed out the undesirables out of over a million people from war torn countries and elsewhere , with no papers ? 
  you do n't . 
  it 's impossible . 
  you ether take them all and accept that horrible things will happen even if taking them in turns out to be generally good , or you kick out almost everyone , keeping an eye on especially endangered groups like women , children and non muslims who 's country of origin could be verified . 
  there is no good , smart solution . 
  it 's be a pragmatic asshole or a compassionate moron . 
  life would be a lot easier if there was a right answer to every question , but all we get to do is pick the flavor of bad . 
  to be fair , when listing the things one should be outraged about in regards to berlusconi , this does n't make the top 20 . 
  well there was the story of the female realtor that had a bad experience with refugees , talked about it on social media and got death threats . 
  but sure , other than that it 's perfectly safe to publically state your opinion .
