  the difference being that the guy who wins can come in and say : i 'm the boss . 
  and people will be fine with that since the war was n't about a difference in ideology . 
  the eastern half straight up told the migrants to turn around or get run down by the cavalry . 
  the east empire simply had better natural borders , had better armies at the weak borders and still ultimately lost it 's territory to the bulgars , southern slavs and finally the turks . 
  all migrating tribes . 
  of course it contributed . 
  during the expansion period of the late republic and early empire people and territory was integrated in to rome , occupied by the army and gradually romanized . 
  the great migrations pushed huge populations in to a rome on it 's way down . 
  they were used as border guards which armed them . 
  they could n't be romanized because the central government was weak and the final collapse came when large territories of the empire felt no obligation toward italy . 
  obviously the situation is different , but realistically , the eu is far more internally polarized than rome ever was . 
  it 's not a stretch to say that the pro immigration countries could push all the wrong buttons and alienate the rest , while the anti immigration countries could very well do something that makes the others question wanting a common union with them . 
  just think about this . 
  people were less pissed about the banking crisis and austerity than this . 
  you know the old expression : `` a man is wise but men are fools . '', 
  or the newer version `` eat shit , 10 billion flies ca n't be wrong . '', 
  no one wants to be the idiot who missed the gravy train . 
  i doubt the majority thinks they 'll be getting everything for free , but that only feeds the somewhat less crazy idea that there 's a good , high paying job just waiting for them . 
  they do n't understand that the real issue is that they 're competing for job with people from around europe , who are more qualified and better adjusted to working in germany and scandinavia . 
  the people who are n't crazy still have the very wrong idea that they are in demand . 
  that they 're getting invited because their needed , rather than as an act of charity . 
  it 's not like it 's unprecedented , west germany did exactly that , invited turkish workers to fill a need , but that was in a time when eastern europe was a prison camp and half the 20 somethings in southern europe were n't getting ready to emigre . 
  they think their expectations are realistic precisely because of the `` we 'll be getting free bmws '' people . 
  they set the bar so low that being willing to mop floors for a bmw seems reasonable and the fact that so many people are going just reinforces the idea that they ca n't all be wrong . 
  yes . 
  there will be resistance from both the refuges and the the countries that are to accept the refugees . 
  they do n't want to leave and we have very little reason to believe that any redistribution wo n't end in germany selecting the best of the bunch . 
  the most highly skilled and educated , those who can communicate effectively and redistribute the rest . 
  correct . 
  you stop being a refugee the moment you leave a safe country . 
  at that point you 're no longer running away , you 're running toward , usually toward where you think there 's money . 
  there is no obligation for any country to take in economic immigrants . 
  germany needs qualified workers , preferably ones that speak german . 
  it 's not exactly hard to get good , cheap , experienced labor from poland , the czech republic or the baltic to come and work in germany . 
  cute . 
  around the world . 
  nice . 
  how many local muslims reported the preps ? 
  most do and openly so . 
  we 're barely getting a handle on our own radical right and certainly do n't need more people making life for disenfranchised minorities harder . 
  i want the lives of our people , all our people to get better . 
  i 'm not happy about sending even more hate in the direction of those who are already having a hard time . 
  not when they start coming here and decide that their religious freedom trumps a local gay couples right not to have stones thrown at them . 
  they are n't nazis , but think about it , they 're from places where the majority view is that all jews are evil and have to die . 
  the connection seems to good to miss and while thinking something is obviously not nearly as bad doing something especially when said something is the holocaust , i find it important to point out that we 're dealing with people who are for everything the typical pro immigration person is against . 
  before it happens ? 
  as in , muslims immigrants are somehow unprecedented and we do n't know what 's going to happen ? 
  did i not read about neighborhoods in the uk being declared to be under sharia law and muslims in germany trying to build a morality police before being broken up by real police ? 
  is there a single example of a large migration wave where the migrants did n't stick up for their own no mater the crimes they may have committed ? 
  do you honestly think anyone here cares about our immigrants ? 
  kick them out . 
  they left , swapping their homes , shitty as they may be , for money . 
  we polity ignore their existence when we are n't calling them whores . 
  the explicit policy of every e european country is to do everything to keep people here . 
  if you want to force the eastern europeans in london to take in refuges , go ahead and use your line on them . 
  like we give a fuck that other people became wealthy somewhere else . 
  you do understand that the people we 're talking about have deplorable values . 
  anti jew , anti lgbt , anti women , anti anyone not a muslim and anti wrong kind of muslim . 
  ahem , you do understand that the people who still live in the east are the people who did n't leave . 
  someone leaves my country and now i owe karmic payback because he got a better life ? 
  we still live in the same shitholes . 
  we bleed to keep living in said shitholes . 
  we do n't want or need people from other shithole to add more shit to ours . 
  we 're used to our shitholes being shitty and we accept that it 's mostly our fault , but we 'll be damned before we let people from anywhere else , especially from non shitholes take a dump on us . 
  it 's surprisingly easy to be selfish when you have nothing of value , expect the future to be bleak and the future lives up to expectations every fucking time . 
  have fun sheering your fortune with anyone you want , but save the sanctimonious outrage , we do n't care . 
  yep , nothing says progressive society like importing people who share more views with hitler , including but not limited to : death to all jews and homosexuals , except of course when it comes to women . 
  there they like the part where he says they should be home and baby makers , but are n't to hot on his opinion that rape is bad . 
  europe really has been suffering from a severe nazi deficiency so if you ca n't get the real thing might as well get the generic brand . 
  we , we are so fucked . 
  europe survives world wars so no one is going under over this , but the radical right in the large nation 's is going to get a boost and that wo n't end well for anyone . 
  it takes a single tragedy to turn a hippy in to a skinhead , but the road back is much longer . 
  there was this guy who 's story got in our biggest daily paper . 
  he claims that he was traveling with his pregnant wife but they got separated and now she 's in sweden . 
  he says his father was shoot so he had to run , but his mother and sister are perfectly safe because they 're women . 
  is it strange that the only part of the story i buy is that he left his sister and mother behind ? 
  the difference is that here we 're debating spending our resources to help their people . 
  they spend untold fortunes spreading global islam , but do n't lift a finger to help their own . 
  europe has enough problems of it 's own . 
  inviting in people who will actively make life worse for european minorities , homosexuals , jews , women and anyone else they hate seems like a bad idea . 
  we 're inviting sex offenders in to a neighborhood filled with children . 
  this is only partially a metaphor . 
  actual sex offenders ( by our standards , upstanding citizens by theirs ) are coming . 
  are all of them sex offenders ? 
  will the rest try and shield them from our evil infidel laws . 
  of course . 
  we 're inviting in bad people and building them communities that will hide and support them . 
  that is retarded . 
  very soon we 're going to get to a point where it 's safer to be gay in rural europe than in the cities . 
  safer in the east than in the west and this is nothing short of tragic . 
  true , but you guys do n't need that argument . 
  hungary does because it 's a border country , but the czech republic is land locked and surrounded by eu member states . 
  `` we assume that since the migrants have already entered the eu via another country that they have been registered . 
  since they have no intention of staying we see no reason to verify this . '', 
  that 's your story . 
  stick to it . 
  why . 
  only the first country they enter in to has to register them . 
  germany is inviting them and others are failing to register them . 
  they are under no obligation to do anything but let them pass .
