  despite the fact that instead of being a source of income , these places are massive obligations , their construction , as well as the new constructions are counted as an increse in gdp . 
  just immagine the hight of the housing boom in spain or nevada but on a chinese scale . 
  it 's a bubble of massive proportions and the fallout of it 's bursting will be significant . 
  what 's especially annoying is that marriage is already defined as a union between one man and one woman in our `` family law '' so this referendum will not change the current practical reality . 
  the only thing this does is make sure that if the mood in the country ever swings towards gay marriage , it 's going to be all the harder to push through . 
  this is old people making sure they can fuck with the younger generations from beyond the grave . 
  ( which is silly because it 's not like being dead has ever stopped someone from voting . 
  you seem to be missing one major point . 
  the reason one votes for small one issue parties is n't because you want them in power . 
  they will never be in power . 
  they will never get to decide on economic or military or any other issue . 
  the big parties get to do that . 
  what you want to happen when you vote for a party like the pirates or the greens or any other oip is that they become popular , prominent and vocal enough for their views to get integrated in to the platform of one or all of the major parties . 
  when this happens the oip dies but you got the change you voted for . 
  a limited platform gives your vote direction instead of having to give it to someone you disagree with the least . 
  i for one voted and cast my vote for the croatian pirate party . 
  i do n't actually mind that so few people voted since my vote has more influence this way . 
  i am however disappointed that the small one issue parties like the pirates or the greens did n't manage to leverage the small turn out to their advantage . 
  it 's the tourism . 
  we have all the same problems other former communist countries have but because people do n't care about corruption in the government or budget deficits while on vacation and because , being as small as we are our problems look tony in absolute figures people do n't mind as much . 
  we also always had a better reputation than countries in the warsaw pact do to excellent diplomatic efforts and shittonnes of money from the us . 
  on the bright side , poland had just as bad a reputation that is being rehabilitated as we speak . 
  it 's all about good pr . 
  polands problems did n't go away because their economy is growing but now , when you see a story about poland , it 's likely to be positive and that changes public opinion surprisingly quickly . 
  because this is where i live and weather i like it or not this place is a big part of who i am . 
  taking ownership of it 's history is a logical extension of that . 
  the world i live in makes me . 
  history makes the world i live in . 
  history makes me and this makes it my history even if i was n't present when it happened . 
  i construct an argument that implies that croatia joining a union , power block , empire , side ... is a harbinger of doom . 
  it has nothing to do with historical accuracy . 
  while i could give a comprehensive historical analysis of the region , that would be something for r/history . 
  making a flimsy argument that our entry in to the eu is a bad omen is topical both for this thread and for the subreddit . 
  i do n't follow . 
  we use latinic script like most of europe . 
  this is probably a bad time to mention our previous experiences with picking multinational unions to join like the western roman empire or the central powers or the axis or communism . 
  on the bright side we did sick to christianity instead of going muslim during the height of the ottoman empire ( for the most part ) but we stayed catholic right when the protestants were taking off and making bank . 
  sixth time 's the charm , right ? 
  want to see a group of perpetual rapist both individual and group that also happen to be very rich ? 
  look no further than the upper crust of saudi society . 
  breaking every law of man and god in private while acting like the patrons of morality and piety in public . 
  two words . 
  saudi arabia . 
  convincing people that the term jihad is n't evil in and of it self is as likely as doing the same with the swastika . 
  yes , they can in fact be used in a positive way but if i had to bet , most people who use them in the west are n't talking about positive strugles or wishing people universal happines . 
  we could handle the muslims while they were bashing the gates at vienna , we did n't surrender or convert when their armies were at our borders , kidnaping our children and turning them in to their soldiers . 
  what kind of a pussy would be scared of them now . 
  weak , poor , cup in hand . 
  turning them in to boggiemen now is byond pathetic . 
  the biggest danger muslims pose to europe is that they give weight to the radical right . 
  the simple truth is that withoubt asymilation , the right will rise and it 's 1936-45 all over again . 
  as a rule , if the title of an article is a yes or no question , assume that the answer is no . 
  if the answer were yes , the title would be : `` the eurozone 's core is cracking up . '', 
  while i really love germany , and paris and florence will always be special to me , i ca n't get over how lovely wienna is at christmas time . 
  austria for me . 
  i would like to believe that it was because we had the foresight to see the that spliting your country up is a bad long term idea . 
  realistically the answer is simple . 
  you needed 5 votes to have a region declared autonomous . 
  belgrade had 4 of the 8 and even if it di n't it 's somewhat questionable weather the other member states would have played along . 
  also no , they did n't give albanians more independence or power . 
  they gave them the potential to one day gain independence and power . 
  even after the war , kosovo would have had no chance of seceding had serbia not made an enemy of the us . 
  right , because making belgrade the capital , flooding it whith funds , turning a blind eye to chetniks who put on a green hat whith a red star . 
  making sure that at least half of the burocrats and police in croatia , bosnia and montenegro were of serbian decent is not giving two shits . 
  serbia always had big brother russia to call upon if things got bad . 
  this was dubly true after titos falling out with stalin . 
  wait , if macrfonia is part of the region of greece and not all of macedonia is in nation of greece it follows that the term fopog is somewhat neccesary so as not to confuse the smaller country whith the larger region . 
  i ca n't count how often i tried to get to skoplje in the region of greece only to be confused by the blatantly false advertising of the former ottoman colony . 
  i would say more but i need to catch my plane for the former norman conquered territory of england where i hope to catch a connection to the former viking stronghold of denmark . 
  when yugolsavia was still around , the croatian and slovenian governments were insisting that kosovo was part of serbia . 
  the serbian government pointed out that the region was obviously too ethnically diverse to be lumped in with serbia and that historical ties must give way to the practical issues of the day . 
  this was of course do to the fact that making sure that kosovo ( and vojvodina ) retain their status as authonomous regions , thus giving 3 guaranteed votes belgrade in the national assembly ( actually 4 since i do n't think montenegro ever voted against belgrade ether ) . 
  this meant that the other 4 states could at best force a deadlock and that no reform could pass whithoubt serbian support . 
  after the fall of yugoslavia , kosovos status as an authonomous region stopped being an asset and became a liability . 
  all the arguments for kosovos distinctivness were forgotten the moment it became inconvenient . 
  serbia had 50 years to integrate kosovo in to it 's fold , but they chose playing politics instead and now they have to pay the price . 
  do you happen to know why ? 
  same in croatian , slava is glory , slaveni = are the slaves , slovenci = the slovenians ( people from the country of slovenia ) , slovaci = the slovaks ( people from the country of slovakia ) , slavonci = people from the croation region of slavonia , sluge = slaves , slovo = letter and yes we also call the germans njemci and germany is njema\u010dka ( the mutes , the land of the mutes ) funny enough the semi vulgar term for germans is '' \u0160vabe '' if you had to translate the spirit of the word it would be `` fritz '' but literally it means people from swabia , a region in the south west of germany . 
  in other words our our official name for the germans is technically far more offensive than the semi vulgar name . 
  while the disintegration of countries is not something i would support , we should still consider giving a certain amount of union wide power to territorial units smaller than countries . 
  this is to allow for the situation where say bavaria disagrees with the rest of germany and sides with say portugal , sweden and estonia . 
  the problem with having very large units is that you are essentially dragging millions of people who do n't agree with you in to your camp weather they like it or not . 
  obviously this will happen with smaller units as well , but at least it allows for people to have viable option of moving to region in their own country that more closely shares their political views . 
  this is less of a problem in the states since there 's very little stopping someone from austin texas to go to portland or san francisco . 
  in europe how ever , the cultural and language barriers make moving out side of ones own country difficult to the point where staying and not having as much of a political voice seems the lesser evil . 
  germany has some of the best technical and natural history museums i have ever seen , a must see for anyone who likes the subject . 
  same goes for the british museum in london . 
  i remember reading some scaremonger article about the eu becoming the 4th reich and thinking : `` hey , this does n't sound half bad . '', 
  while i do n't know how wide spread the sentiment is , most of my friends , both countrymen and foreign have a very positive view of germany and would support german leadership in the eu so no , you are not alone . 
  no , there 's no real worry that they could get what they want . 
  they ca n't . 
  the left wont stand for the teaching of religious doctrine passed of as fact in schools and the right would not tolerate muslims changing whats studied in schools , especially if the intent is to make it conform more closely to islam . 
  i think that demos was trying to say that by doing stuff that pisses of the people who are n't antagonistic against them , they making the rise of a far right with genocidal anti muslim tendencies more likely . 
  yes . 
  how much money you make in total is irrelevant . 
  the guy who runs the gas station and leads his own militia might not be as rich as the euty salon owner , but still demands to be taken seriously . 
  an italian chrisis tends to be internal , a crisis involving russia is something everyone needs to pay attention to or risk not living long enough to regret it . 
  out of 60 million people they ca n't find or pay for a few tgat speek russian ? 
  we 're not talking aboutsome obscure little country halfway around the world . 
  russia is the single biggest player in europe .
