  your own damn source states that it 's taken from the mid 20th century . 
  not even counting ww2 . 
  how the hell do the wars fought between the 1950 's and today count as `` most wars '' ? 
  edit and the best part . 
  you know what you get when you click on the source for the 10:1 figure ? 
  an article on the 2003 iraq war . 
  the problem is that we 're talking about food . 
  when the world is stable and the markets are open , subsidies to farmers seem absurd . 
  why not buy from some one else , let them spend money so we can have cheap food . 
  but if the world market were to colapse for any reason , and we had lost a significant amount of the infrastructure and institutional knowledge needed to grow enough food to feed some 400 million people , we would be in deep shit . 
  since other nations subsidise farmers the market is rigged and this forces us to choose between doing the same or loosing food production and for the above stated reasons , we ca n't do option 2 . 
  this number sounds absurdly high . 
  please name a source for this claim . 
  same with croatia !, 
  of course there are . 
  fukushima and chernobyl show that thing can go very wrong if and when safety is not the no . 
  1 concern of the people running the plants . 
  the plants are very expensive to build and even pro nuke people do n't typically want one in their back yard . 
  the plants we have now are inefficient . 
  we do n't use up nearly enough of the uranium . 
  while these are legitimate points , they are solvable . 
  it 's probable that , had there not bean a massive stall in r&d , we already would have . 
  the problems are also often exaggerated , making nuclear seem more dangerous than it is . 
  many arguments assume that removing nuclear plants is a net gain in terms of the environment and safety , but this is only true if you ignore the loss of life and health and environmental risks connected with oil , coal and gas plants that will take their place . 
  arguing the bad points of nuclear has become irrelevant outside of science and engineering circles do to the fact that the real dangers are significantly less than what people imagine them to be . 
  any country that wishes to make good , rational decisions about energy must first demistify nuclear power and this means pointing out the positives , dispelling the misconceptions and only at the very end explaining the negatives . 
  it 's not . 
  during the industrial revolution both the us and prussia/germany stole every patent and copyright in the uk . 
  had this not happened who knows how long it would have taken for german machacil and chemical engineering and american electrical and communications technology to be invented . 
  it happened in the past on a proportionatly much wider scale and not only did the world not end as a resault , but we got some nice tech sooner than we would have . 
  bah , unless you hold a grudge that lasted at least a thousand years , you were never serious to begin with . 
  i ask you this friends . 
  has anyone ever actually seen france and england at war ? 
  is it not curious that by the time we got photographs these so called `` mortal enemies '' have become the closest of allies . 
  i smell foul play !, 
  i dare say it seems likely , nay it seems obvious that these two nations made fools of us all . 
  these so called wars were no more than pretenses for mass picnics and the battle accounts mere fantasies made up by entrepreneurial minstrels . 
  do not believe their lies !, 
  you are literarly hitl ... oh wait . 
  i second this . 
  going to wien around christmas is awesome . 
  i like the croatian coast best around the easter holidays . 
  far fewer people and if the weather is nice you can even try taking a dip . 
  during the summer i like to go to logorska dolina in slovenia . 
  it 's nice and cool and quiet and has some of the best pastries i 've ever eaten . 
  bear in mind , while a federalized europe is hugely unpopular in england , scotland is an entirely different issue . 
  seeing as the referendum for independence is a mere 2 years away , and exiting the eu would significantly increase the chance of the uk braking up , would england really risk it ? 
  in your ( or anyone elses ) oppinion , how important is the preservation of the uk in comparison with not wanting to be a part of a european federation ? 
  the problem is that while the new guys will gladly burn the old guard at the stake , they may become just as corrupt very quickly . 
  if the people are serious about getting rid of corruption , this is less likely to happen , but if they just want to punish those they think responsible for their troubles it 's more than likely to be business as usual . 
  not necessarily true . 
  `` made in '' is a brand just like nike , coca cola or mcdonalds . 
  if you convince people to buy a `` made in the eu '' product because it 's made in the eu the label now has value and thus two products that are exactly the same and are priced identically ( ex . 
  the fruit from spain/israel ) have different subjective values for the customer . 
  a customers subjective value of an item is exceptionally important because it determines what he/she is willing to pay . 
  it may seem stupid . 
  from an objective point of view it is stupid but that 's how it works . 
  if you have a good brand you will make fantastic margins , and by making fantastic margins you can afford to employ more people and thus not only save jobs but make new ones . 
  while this way of doing business is horribly inefficient and feels slightly exploitative ( think 500 $ hdmi cables , same principle ) it is surprisingly sustainable and sometimes beneficial . 
  in the early years of the industrial revolution , the english were preaching the gospel of the free market . 
  the americans and germans decided that the english were full of shit . 
  protectionism and the ignoring of patents and copyrights were the tool they used to kick start their respective industries and one could say they were successful . 
  very much this . 
  i essentially lost all sympathy for the complaining in greece , spain , portugal and italy when i found out that slovakia is giving them money . 
  slovakia which was considered poor by east block standards two decades back is bankrolling nations that have a significantly higher gdp per cap . 
  wtf , they think they 're the victims . 
  i 'm not a big fan of austerity during a recession . 
  austerity is good during boom times so that when the wind turns you can spend lavishly and get back on track , but guess what , not an option now . 
  no private lender will give these people money . 
  no nation outside of the eu will give them money and they do n't have it them selves and they do n't want to spend less so that you can live on the money you do make . 
  you ca n't fill a wallet by screaming at it . 
  hey , nikola tesla was one of us . 
  we 're fucking awesome at science when it 's of the mad variety . 
  scandinavia and co. are probably counted as north europe . 
  n. ireland and scotland would be too were they not part of the uk . 
  the better question is why call it a map of western europe if you are going to include southern european countries and why exclude austria if you are including germany in to the west of europe instead of the center . 
  the iberians went from being half conquered by the muslims to ruling the world in about a century , i would n't count them out because of a few rough decades . 
  i understand your point , it 's cheap oil , steel , copper ... that drives the economy not the resource it self and lower prices will make it available to more people and thus an infinitely low price will produce an infinitely high demand . 
  except that 's not true , even if iron was free we would still run out of ways to use it , but would still use it significantly more often as we would start to replace other materials with iron and steel where ever it is possible . 
  oil though , is in a somewhat unique situation . 
  if you are a growing economic power , you can substitute steel and other materials for cheaper , more abundant alternatives , but oil is the cheap more abundant alternative . 
  higher oil consumption is a byproduct of industrialization and will remain as such until it 's price pushes it in to second place or there 's a total global economic collapse ( i 'm hoping for the former ) my essential point was that due to the fact that a ) three very large countries ( china , india and brazil ) are rapidly industrializing and b ) the price of oil , while high by historical comparison , is still not prohibitive and would thus continue to rise , even if supply constantly rose driven by a growing demand that has yet to be scared of by price . 
  it follows that even if we find massive new oil reserves and thus push peak oil back by many decades , we will still be confronted by the same problems we have because of peak oil since it 's not about availability , it 's about price ( ex . 
  you could actually put gold to good use were it not for the fact that it 's over inflated price renders any use uneconomical ) finding new oil fields is not so much a solution , as it is a release valve that gives us time to adapt our infrastructure for a post oil world . 
  in order to get the general public on board with alternative energy they must be made aware of this . 
  they must know that we really ca n't drill our selves out of this one . 
  to be fair , demand was outgrowing supply for a good long while now . 
  even if we could continue pumping up more and more oil every year , it still would n't be enough to do anything more than slow down the price hike . 
  without having any actual first hand experience , but as a frequent traveler i generally prefer to know exactly how much i 'm spending in advanced . 
  unless the price difference is significant , not having to worry about budgeting in train tickets gives you ease of mind and thus makes your trip more enjoyable . 
  verdammt , foiled again . 
  hey , i 'm all for a system where regional and local governments have a lot of power and the central government only does foreign policy and defense , coordinates efforts between local and regional governments and protects the citizens if they start doing something crazy . 
  but first things first . 
  i would hate to live in a union where we have a powerful central government that is not responsible to voters , and without serious reform europe is on the road to becoming just that . 
  federation all the way . 
  the nation state in europe had it 's day . 
  it was a good run , but it 's time to move on to bigger and better things . 
  two facts make deeper integration at this point in history possible . 
  one , our generation ( people between 18 and 25 aka reddits main demographic ) speaks english and does so by choice , not by design or mandate . 
  two , as the historical quirk , that gave a very small number of not all that populous nations the lions share of global gdp , begins to ebb we have no choice but to realize just how insignificant our individual nations are .
