  so we 're whores instead of children . 
  who do you think your helping ? 
  the refugees ? 
  you think you 're helping them by kicking them out of the west ? 
  you 're certainly not helping us . 
  who 's getting help here other than you ? 
  from what i understand , the original speech was meant for domestic consumption only . 
  it was made to tell the german people that bureaucratic technicalities would n't stop german humanitarian efforts . 
  the problem was , she got specific , saying she would suspend dublin instead of the usual `` we will do everything in our power to help bla , bla , bla '' . 
  now , suspending dubiln does n't mean germany takes in everyone unconditionally so that should n't be a problem , but here 's issue number 2 . 
  people do n't know international law . 
  they hear something specific is being done , but because they do n't understand the details , they get to interpret them any way they like . 
  here we get to issue no 3 . 
  domestically , the move is genius . 
  saying you 're going to do something specific and then going through with it ( because what you promised was n't nearly as big of a deal as it sounded in the speech ) you get major political points . 
  however , international news picked up on the speech and did what international news always does , create controversy . 
  news agencies do n't elaborate on what the specifics are , they start debating on the merits of letting everyone in . 
  the obvious impression is that everyone is in fact invited . 
  again , this impression was absolutely what she was going for , but at home and to a lesser degree , in the eu and us , not in the refugee camps and certainly not in the minds of opportunistic migrants . 
  the thing is , germany was already doing a lot to help . 
  far more than most , but because politics is politics you ca n't just say : `` we 're already doing our best . 
  we know dead children are upsetting but the world can be a horrible place and we ca n't go changing policy because people saw a darker side of it on the news or in the paper . '', 
  the final problem is that now that the perception was created she responded to the reality of what she said ( germany never invited everyone ) instead of addressing the perception ( saying yes i invited everyone and it was a huge mistake ) . 
  of course doing that is political suicide and now here we are . 
  people are going to come . 
  they 're going to be disappointed . 
  they 're going to feel like they got lied to . 
  resentment will build and eventually there will be trouble , because europe can keep people alive and healthy , but giving them the life they want and came here for is n't in anyone 's power . 
  nonsense . 
  do n't make me start listing examples where undermining the rule of law was absolutely the right thing to do . 
  it will just end up as a discussion about nazis . 
  suffice to say , the law is not a suicide pact . 
  the law is a consequence of societal mistrust in our institutions and each other . 
  it is the lesser of two evils , not a good thing in and of it self . 
  if the law requires you to do or tolerate the existence of something extremely dangerous , you ignore it . 
  the law is the compromised deal made between groups of politicians of questionable intellect but unquestionable lack of wisdom or foresight . 
  why not economic genocide-rape victims ? 
  i mean , if we 're making shit up , might as well go all the way . 
  it 's important not to conflate what are a lot of different issues . 
  putin is only popular with russophile 's . 
  you need to like russia , not just dislike the us to be pro putin . 
  iran get 's understanding , not support . 
  they got actively screwed by the us and uk multiple times in last 50 years and while they chant impotent threats , major us politicians issue very real ones . 
  iran is not going to invade the us . 
  the opposite ca n't be said with confidence . 
  assad was somewhat redeemed by the fact that the blowback that always comes a few months or years after deposing a strongman happened while he was still in power . 
  when the dictator is the only thing holding back isis and when our response to the situation in syria is also to just use brute force , he does n't seem quite as bad . 
  the real issue with us foreign politics in the middle east is that saudi arabia , the no 1 long term threat to the west in the region , is not only a us ally , but one that dictates policy . 
  they pushed for the coups and invasions that made the current mess possible . 
  they pay for the spread of radical islam . 
  they are n't a conventional threat like russia or china . 
  they 're entropy . 
  they do n't have a specific plan . 
  they just pour gas on the fire and hope their enemies burn . 
  which is not saying much . 
  here 's my favorite personal anecdote about the 1 million monkeys on 1 million typewriters that created the spelling system of our dear universal language . 
  i work as a translator in a glass factory . 
  we used to use german primarily , but after expanding in to ukraine , the new official language became english . 
  i 'm not familiar with a single person in any of our plants that speaks english as a first language . 
  the issue i ran in to was over the word `` mold/mould '' we use molds in the production line and have occasional issues with fungal mould . 
  it 's not really critical to differentiate the two by spelling since we do n't use short form communication between factories and context would clear up everything , but someone noticed that the two words were similar and decided that rather than risk looking silly when communicating with other companies we needed to know which was which . 
  after days of arguing and dozens of people posting proof that the way they thought it should be written was the right way , i was given the task of getting to the bottom of this mystery . 
  it turns out that you ca n't misspell mold/mould . 
  for reasons only the limeys and yanks of old and possibly god might know , `` mould '' means both a hollowed out container used to shape molten material and a fungus ... in british english and `` mold '' means both in us english . 
  mold/mould has two objects associated with the word and two ways to spell it , but instead of doing what any rational lingual group would do and assign one spelling to one and one to the other , they decided to use one way of spelling for both , but could n't agree on which was right one so now they 're both right , but to someone who has n't done the digging it could seem like they 're both wrong , so there 's exactly zero ways of not seeming stupid to an uninformed 3rd party , regardless of how you spell it . 
  my solution was to privately condemn the americans and englishmen who came up with this nonsense to the most l33t sp3@k infested part of hell and make an executive decision to name the hollow mold `` mold '' and the fungal mould `` mould '' and that 's how i fixed the english language . 
  they really should let us slavs take a wack at redoing all of it . 
  as someone who 's fluent in 3 languages while finding it almost impossible to pick up a 4th now that i 'm older , i 'm curious to know if this is you 're experience , scientific opinion or personal opinion based on how you think it should work . 
  children are hardwired to learn language . 
  it 's why children from bilingual families can be fluent at both by the time they 're 7 while it takes adults years to get even remotely competent . 
  a child can learn as many as 4 languages in parallel with little to no issue . 
  i 'm trilingual my self , having learned both english and german as my second and third languages before i was 12 . 
  i became fluent in both . 
  trying to learn italian when i was 18 was a nightmare . 
  it 's possible , but it 's hard as hell , where as when i was a kid , it was the easiest thing in the world . 
  with full immersion over multiple years an adult can achieve fluency , but through regular study , the results will be lackluster . 
  because it was a bad idea then and a worse idea now . 
  23 years ago you were helping the people leaving the war zone , pretending you were doing good , while doing fuck all to help the people in the war zone . 
  the americans had the right idea . 
  let 's drop bombs on the people doing it . 
  you 're trying to solve a post war problem while the war is still going on and your doing a horrible job at that . 
  these people want a better life in western europe . 
  you got their hopes up , invited them here , and soon they 'll find out you were full of shit . 
  you 're offering to keep them alive , but they already had that in turkey . 
  they want the european dream and they wo n't get it . 
  you know this so you want to divide them and ship them off anywhere , everywhere , because you do n't want them to be in your countries when they realize that at most , they can hope to be cheap labor living in a ghetto . 
  we want no part in this . 
  you 're not going to get away with playing the hero , the good samaritan , and then not having to deal with the consequences . 
  you offer all the help you want . 
  you take in every person on the planet . 
  we will in no way stop you . 
  we 'll build additional train tracks from syria all the way to munich and berlin if that 's what it takes . 
  we 'll help every single person get to their destination of choice quickly and safely and provide all the aid they need along the way , just like we 're doing now , but we wo n't take them in . 
  we do n't have what they 're looking for . 
  we know that , they know that and you know that . 
  this is all on you . 
  succeed and you can lord it over us for the next century . 
  fail , and you 'll have to live with that . 
  arabs will complain about non arabs even louder . 
  this is a secondary problem that also seems to be ignored .
