  there was also a chart posted that showed how people thought their countries ranked in the world . 
  everyone focused on the ones who thought their country was the best in the world and how strange it was that people from india topped that category . 
  what people failed to notice was that germans , frenchmen , americans ect . 
  all had a relevant number of people who firmly believer their country was one of or even the worst run country on the planet . 
  it 's madness . 
  i can only imagine it 's even worse in italy since it 's seen as part of the `` backwards '' south so criticism about poor governing is reinforced from the outside . 
  i 'm honestly baffled at people seemingly being unable to get just how rich italy is , just how well italy is doing , just how high up the mountain it is , how hard it is to stay there , how near impossible it is to climb higher and how easy it would be to fall . 
  the `` anything is better than this '' crowd will be the death of western civilization . 
  almost nothing is better than this . 
  we are at the high water mark of human civilization . 
  this is about as good as it get 's and it 's very possible that this is as good as it 's ever going to get and any big change is more likely than not to be bad . 
  it takes a herculean effort just to keep the lights on , keep the water flowing , keep the millions of people living in huge cities fed and healthy . 
  the 2008 . recession was one fucking bank going under . 
  the biggest economic calamity in living memory was a hiccup . 
  god help us if we ever truly fuck up . 
  i know you think what you said was a condemnation , but how exactly should one act when you 're losing your white , middle class , privileged position . 
  the world is n't a fair place and it 's unfair in our favor . 
  asking people to sacrifice their well being and the well being of their friends , family and countrymen in the name of improving the lives of people they do n't like and who do n't like them back simply is n't a reasonable ask . 
  people voting to not make their lives worse is about as rational a stance as you can take . 
  yes , he was running a con and now that it 's over he needs a new mark . 
  wait , you were talking about literal cannibalism ? 
  it 's not democracy if people are actually eating other people ? 
  the outside source is basically irrelevant . 
  the practical example of democracy meeting cannibals is a famine where people unanimously decide to vote on who get 's eaten . 
  of course it is . 
  you think that giving people a vote makes countries magicaly imune from disaster ? 
  almost any decision will screw over some people . 
  big decisions sometimes involve deciding which group has to die . 
  huge decisions are about deciding who get 's to live . 
  all of those , if put up for a general vote , are democratic . 
  if all decisions were about degrees of good , governing would be easy . 
  what you tend to get is a choice of what flavor of horrible you can best stomack . 
  ok , fair enough , but if not time , what criteria did you use . 
  remember , the union lost 80 % of of one member when irland left and that was anything but a civil divorce . 
  if the criteria is things achieved together , then the mongol empire , a union of the many mongol tribes , clans and families would be the most successful in terms of territory won , both in absolute and relative numers . 
  if it 's military or economic power or global influence , than the united states is the most successful . 
  as opposed to when ? 
  at what point was n't the news just propaganda of one form or another ? 
  the only difference between now and the past is that every side has access to the big guns and there 's no longer a consensus on who 's propaganda is true . 
  `` the other side is the establishment and has been feeding you lies for years so you should listen to our lies since we have n't broken any promises yet ! '', 
  is the moto of the day . 
  to be clear , while those claiming hilary had a 98 % shoot of winning were wildly over optimistic , it still means that there was a 1 in 50 chance of her losing , even under their scenario . 
  a 98 % chance is basically a 8-9 point lead . 
  when nate silver gave her 65 % that was because she had a lead of around 4-5 points , which is well within the margin of error . 
  a lead of 60 % to 40 % in the pools gives you a landslide victory with a 100 % probability since even if every pole is wrong by the maximum error and is in favor of the opponent , you still win by at least 10 points . 
  the us election never came close to that . 
  the maximum spread seeing hilary get around a 9 point lead nationally which quickly dropped after the fbi thing . 
  as far as brexit goes , at no time was it anything other than to close to call . 
  remain never had more than a 4 point lead and leave was the same . 
  people just assumed that when things are that close , the option that suggests doing nothing is going to win . 
  ignore opinion and just look at the numbers and you 'll get a decent picture of what 's happening . 
  and my counter was that the kingdom of spain , a union between castile and aragon is older than the united kingdom . 
  it even predates the wales act by 20 years . 
  the empires are a non issue since both ended up falling aparat . 
  and ? 
  spain ? 
  the most petty . 
  we will bicker about the tiniest , most insignificant bullshit , but the big picture situation is fine . 
  the south korean-best korean border would probably win the most suborn competition . 
  ok , so i just checked to make sure and turns out getting dutch citizenship is trivially easy . 
  there 's no job requirement . 
  none . 
  you need to pass an a2 level in dutch . 
  this would be the second lowest language level . 
  i got my a2 in italian after a 4 week language school in italy during which time i mostly spoke english and german . 
  while permanent residency is a requirement . 
  all you actually need is a residency permit , and it does n't even have to be a permanent residency permit . 
  a temporary residency permit is considered sufficient but you do n't even really need that because eu citizens do n't need a permit to live in the netherlands and only need to register in the brp . 
  it 's also not an ongoing process . 
  you do n't request citizenship and then wait 5 years . 
  you request citizenship and simply need to prove you 've been there for 5 years . 
  that is , unless you 're married to a dutch national , in which case it 's 3 years and you do n't even need to live in the netherlands . 
  the only real question here is how hard it is to get retroactively registered in the brp , or to claim that you 're registered by providing some forged document . 
  it 's probably not easy , but then again i actually though the whole thing might be harder . 
  it really seems trivial to cheat here . 
  wow , you really are a walking stereotype . 
  you cheat . 
  if it 's impossible to cheat you 're going to have to elaborate on that , because second hand knowledge tells me it 's not remotely difficult . 
  so they get you to pay for a vacation back home . 
  brilliant . 
  not to the uk , to any country you 're giving preferential status to . 
  if you 're going to the uk now , you just go to the uk . 
  the whole thing might end up being a moot point anyway if that 's you 're attitude since the first country on any preferential list would be ireland , which anyone can travel to , cross over in to n. ireland . 
  i really was overthinking this . 
  it did . 
  but we 're not sheep . 
  sheep get slaughtered and you do n't last 50 years in a totalitarian state by being sheeplike . 
  there are hundreds of animal based pejoratives you can use that actually fit , but calling us sheep , that 's projection . 
  what world do you live in . 
  people get fake married in order to get citizenship all the time . 
  do you honestly think getting some kind of fake confirmation about how long you stayed in a country is going to be difficult ? 
  when you already have the right to live and work in a country , the bar is so low it 's not even funny . 
  how is it so difficult for you to see such a low effort scam ? 
  government officials are looking for people trying to cheat their way in to getting social benefits . 
  no one looks at you twice if you 're not asking for money . 
  they do n't need to forge anything , that 's the point . 
  how exactly do you keep tabs on someone claiming to live in your country ? 
  they are free to move in and out at any time . 
  you really have the wrong mindset . 
  you 're thinking major criminals .
