  story over . 
  unless someone starts putting their feet to the fire , there 's really no reason at all to ever go through with it . 
  well then , lucky us we have the comment section , the only thing most people actually read , that let 's you debunk the video point by point if you so choose . 
  no there would n't and yes they would . 
  the number of people that actually care enough to riot is minimal . 
  if the british people can accept that their next pm is the person who lost a game of musical chairs i also doubt there would be riots based on the principal of the thing . 
  it 's especially unlikely given the fact that there need be no clear refusal to invoke a 50 . 
  just perpetualy putting it off until `` the time is right '' as for elections , who going to win ? 
  are conservatives going to start voting labor ? 
  are they going to the lib dems ? 
  if ukip was still relevant maybe they 'd pick up enough votes to spoil it for the tories , but they 're decapitated and bleeding members , between a third and half since the referendum . 
  exept that 's not really true . 
  first , no furture parliament need be involved . 
  second , and this is more important , if it were really impossible for a past parliament to make rules a future one would have to follow , the uk would never be able to be an eu member in the first place , as membership reqires the adaptation of legislation that ca n't be unilaterally revoked every time a new general election rolls around , so workarounds were implemented . 
  it is simply not true that a binding referendum could n't be done . 
  it 's not even especially contentious since any future parliament would still have the option of asking to be readmitted to the eu , since the referendum only requires the taking of a single action , rather than being a prohibition on future actions . 
  yes . 
  tolerance of intolerance is moronic at it 's core and not one person who shaped the modern world at it 's inception would disagree that we can not have people who hate us on a fundamental level live among us . 
  your kind of thinking is what allowed the nazi movement to exist . 
  `` we ca n't possibly ban these people calling for the end of democracy , it would be undemocratic . '', 
  how far exactly are we stretching the term refugee now . 
  i went over to austria a few days ago to do some shopping . 
  am i a refugee ? 
  because they are n't remotely as good at it and it 's impossible to find a squad of guys willing to let a female soldier die , even if trying to help means they all get killed . 
  that 's what the israeli army experienced and found the cost outweighed the benefit . 
  1st and 2nd generation dutch citizens do n't go fight for isis . 
  1st and 2nd generation foreigners born in the netherlands do . 
  citizenship by birth , ius soli , is an american thing . 
  european countries use ius sanguie , citizenship by blood relation for children . 
  you can be th 1000th generation born here and you still do n't get citizenship if your parents are n't citizens , and in very many chases , they should n't be . 
  i really hope you 're american , because if you 're european , your ignorance of our laws is tragic . 
  exactly . 
  they do n't get removed . 
  they stay , more come in until people get pissed , minority gets killed , people swear `` never again '' and it happens again and again , and again , and again . 
  that 's how the real world works . 
  it eats idealists and shits out cynics . 
  unless they specifically invited the migrants , the locals have no obligation toward the newcommers . 
  if integration fails and coexistance becomes impossible that 's a problem for everyone , but only one group is in actual existential danger . 
  no one will care where a child was born if it comes to that . 
  you can take a gamble and hope that somehow it never comes to that , but that 's a big gamble . 
  yes . 
  it 's part of being a foreigner in a country with a relevant population of people from the same place you are . 
  you can say it 's not fair , or that it 's not right , but you still get to live in the netherlands and you still obviously find it preferable to morocco . 
  far east asians also have large comunities in europe , are also highly visible and if anything integrate even more slowely , but they cause few problems and consequently do n't have any of the issues n. africans have . 
  i firmly believe that it is a migrant comunities , not just an individuals , duty to demonstrate compatibility and value to a host country . 
  if your community is incompatible , but you are willing to integrate it is in your best long term interest to petition for the expulsion of other n. africans . 
  i 'm not saying you do it instead of profiling . 
  i 'm saying you do it in addition to it . 
  having a random number determine at least a few police actions makes any move more riskey because no amount of precaution can protect you . 
  if a group sees it 's members committing crimes and then sees police implementing measures to stop those crimes and decides the police are the problem , that group has no place in that society . 
  integration of that group is impossible and members need to be removed until those that remaining members are all integrated or working toward integration . 
  this creates the best possible situation for both the major group and those members of the sub group who were unfairly targeted . 
  not in that specific quote . 
  the customer is n't a person , it 's a metaphorical representation of the buying habits of the population at large . 
  any given individual can like new coke over classic coke but the customer decided they hated it and the customer is always right . 
  also relevant a customer ( different from `` the customer '' ) is not necessarily the person receiving the service . 
  the parent paying for a haircut for their kid is a customer , while the kid is not because the person the hairdresser needs to make happy and is ultimately paying the bill is the parent . 
  in the same vein , the shelter is providing a service for the german state , it 's feeding and providing shelter to migrants , which the state is paying for . 
  and when a major crisis is ignored these core values get forgotten and the lunatic fringe is empowered . 
  you know why ? 
  if i were a betting man , my money would be , regardless of outcome , absolutely nothing of substance changes . 
  eu membership is replaced by a web of incomprehensible treaties that create quasi membership , but with the uk losing any voice in internal eu matters . 
  simply put , people vastly overestimate the power of the eu to dictate local affairs . 
  seeing as we 're a very recent new member , i can say with confidence that there was no huge impact , only a number of small , quality of life improvements when traveling , shopping and doing business with people from other eu member states . 
  on a macroeconomic level however , especially when large economies like that of the uk are involved , an actual departure would likely have a serious impact . 
  since from what i 've read no one seems to really care , let alone understand that particular angle , i ca n't imagine anyone in charge letting a single thing change . 
  realistically the choice more than likely simply boils down to picking weather you want the eu flag or the union jack on your letterheads . 
  the official term was `` made redundant '' . 
  the bosses son was a programmer and as soon as the boss figured out that something regarding computers could save him money , his kid got the job . 
  the end product was actually really good . 
  i was secretly hoping for the full karmic trifecta of the smart ass , the boss and his son all getting theirs , but it ended up being a good idea implemented well so the boss saved a lot of money and his son has a steady , well paying gig . 
  ah , well , 1 out of 3 will have to do . 
  permanently is a long time , but most are still unemployed , yes . 
  less than half managed to get a new job and it 's been a year . 
  people thought all kinds od whacky inventions would let people fly in the air like birds . 
  it never happened until it did . 
  there will be work , but not for 7 + billion people . 
  we cut back the work week by a day and the working hours went from 12 to 8 and productivity is still going up and there 's still not enough work for everyone and at my current job and my last job and at least 4 other workplaces my friends work at , 90 % of the office workers can be made redundant with with scrips or macros . 
  i know because i had one at my last job before some genious also figured it out , told the boss and got 37 people , including him self ( ha-ha ) fired . 
  i also have one now , but this time i 'm also actively getting my self put on tasks that need actual people , but turns out , people work gets done fast . 
  people doing machine work is slow and labor intensive and keeps people employed . 
  it ca n't last thought . 
  they replaced the forklift guys with two auto forklifts . 
  efficiency up , accidents down . 
  the second he can , my boss is laying off the drivers and getting self driving trucks . 
  that and drones are going to gut transportation jobs . 
  there are tens , probably hundreds of millions of people in the world right now doing work that a machine can do cheaper and better , who owe their job to institutionalized inertia . 
  forget the burden , forget the money . 
  the real reason is that they 're potentially just as toxic in jail as they are out of it . 
  simply deporting them is nonsensical as they can a ) just come back and b ) you 're sending the message that you can break the law in germany as much as you want and if you get cougt , you get sent home . 
  no , what we need is hard labor camps . 
  send them somewhere isolated and cold and put them to work doing something . 
  a few years in the far north turning big rocks in to little rocks surrounded by nothing but other radical muslims should convince anyone that we mean business . 
  good god lemon , buy a thesaurus . 
  it 's not just us though . 
  like i said , we 've given up , but there are larger countries like france who could potentially stem the tide a bit . 
  my point is n't that i think something will or should change locally . 
  it 's to say that it is in fact a real issue . 
  the rest of us have just given up . 
  it 's a huge problem everywhere , especially when discussing politics with anyone who grew up with internet access .
