yes . 
  if the british people want to leave they should leave . 
  it 's immoral to keep a peaople in a political union against their will and not letting them have a say is pure poison in the long term . 
  if the uk wants to leave it will and the longer it does n't , the more relations will be hurt when it 's divorce time . 
  most importantly however , is the fact that it 's very unlikely that england would leave . 
  a definate `` yes , we want to stay '' would shut up the voices who want a dissolution of the union . 
  i 'm just stating the facts as i understand them . 
  i really do n't have an opinion on the likes and dislikes of neo nazis and i 'm reasonably certain i would make the dislike list, 
  the nazis did n't hate jews because they were jewish . 
  they hated them because they considered them a nation of stateless parasites trying to controll the world through their banks and industry . 
  israelis are people from a european cultural background , with a state of their own , fighting people from a different culture , a lot of whom are trying to get in to europe . 
  basically , neo nazis still do n't like jews in their own country , especially if they have influence , but they have no problems with jews in israel and see muslims immigration ( a non issue in the 1930 's and 40 's ) as their principal problem . 
  not to mention , basically universal, 
  it has to . 
  it 's not just about dominance , it 's about relevance . 
  unless we unite fully , we become nobodies . 
  irrelevant little nation states that are acted upon . 
  the play things of the real powers . 
  the question is n't national independance vs a federal european government . 
  it 's losing a bit of independance to brussels , or losing most of it to washington , moscow or even beijing . 
  this may seem nuts , but that 's how these things tend to work out . 
  we are still somewhat protected by the eu , but this half mesure of a quasi superstate ca n't last . 
  we take the plunge and go all the way or it ends up breaking apart do to internal pressures . 
  it 's 6 months to 5 years for recruiting members and soliciting assistance ( financial and otherwise ) for the organization , but that 's the second part . 
  the first part that says it 's 6 months to 10 years for lending assistance , but skips the articles that define assistance . 
  however , unterst\u00fctzung ( assistance , lending aid ) is a defined legal term . 
  i do n't know exactly how it 's defined in germany , but randomly posting a picture certainly does n't fall in to the parameters . 
  buying guns , giving money , forging documents , making propaganda videos and certainly , going there to fight do fall in to the category . 
  theirs is way , way older . 
  they used those or similar flags as far back as ww2 . 
  they were such fine fellows back then that despite having their king in london to serve as a diplomat , the british still recodnized the communists as the legitimate power in yugoslavia . 
  just think about this . 
  they were so bad , churchill official gave his support to the local communists . 
  after over a century of strong relations between the uk and serbia , so strong that a piece of english soil was ceded to yugoslavia just for the birth of the crown prince in exile , they pick the commies , not because they were especially nice ( they were murderous assholes , just not as bad as the russians ) but because the chetniks were seen as worse . 
  actually , this really is a lot like the west backing iran against isis . 
  very good comparison . 
  but they were n't closer . 
  they only saw the support , never the opression . 
  even if the f 35 worked as advetrised , we do n't need a gen 5 plane . 
  any threat that would require the use of gen 5 aircraft is a threat the croatian millitary ca n't handel . 
  add to that the fact that modern gen 4 aircraft are bettletested , reliable , effective and efficient , makes this a no brainer . 
  this is very true and also helps nato keep it 's forces as standardized as possible . 
  i never really liked this concept . 
  you do n't pay taxes , you do n't have to follow local laws , you are only marginally affected by local politics , so why should you have a right to vote ? 
  in my opinion turks living in germany have a far greater right to be represented in german politics than having influence in turkey . 
  realistically , it 's doubtful any nations diaspora voting could have a significant impact , but the principal of the thing seems off . 
  good . 
  this means that when one does pass , there 'll be no doubt about her being qualified . 
  i think you 're right . 
  you can convince people that learning how to defend your country is necesary and useful and you can get people who do n't want to fight to do this kind of stuff as an alternative , but making young , productive people put their lives on hold to do useless , nonsensical bullshit for the sake of doing it together seems a bit silly . 
  in a world of constantly evolving technology where the 20 something is way more in tune woth how the modern world works than the 50 something , it 's downright suicidal . 
  china and india each have more people than the us and europe combined . 
  they have minds to spare and we need to make sure people start being creative and productive as soon as possible to make sure we make up in quality what we lack in quantity . 
  digging ditches does not help with that . 
  conscription is n't popular . 
  trying to expand the conscript pool would very likely get extream pushback and would likely end conscription in general witch would be the exact oposite of what proponents of an expanded pool would want . 
  there was an article in the economist that basicaly stated that china really wants sibiria . 
  the extra space , geographical proximity and most importantly the abundance of natural resources makes the land very attractive . 
  so now that budapest came to it 's senses and decided not to form budapetia , they saw your comment and thought : `` hey , could n't we just pick some random insignificant little village , ask them to secede and take all our debt ? '', 
  why yes , if this was how debt was handled they very much could and when the people they owe money too come knocking they can just say : `` sorry , but we do n't owe you a dime any more . 
  all hungarian debt belongs to the grand principality of hugivzafuk , population 7 and a goat . 
  call me overly optimistic , but i think he might be serious . 
  consider , the chinise gas deal showed the russians that they could cooperate , but only on chinas terms . 
  a partnership is only possible if they are content being the junior partner . 
  a russia-china-india packt makes matters even worse as they would be delegated to third place . 
  as an official or unofficial part of europe they get to be the big kid . 
  they might not get to do everything they want , but they have enough weight to toss around to be and more importantly feel relevant . 
  in the early days it did . 
  the soviets were in yugoslavia for a time before tito asked them to leave ... and they actually did . 
  before the falling out , stalin 's word carried a lot of weight . 
  that 's the point of making a point , just like you did with your slippery slope argument '' . 
  there 's a difference between `` less enthusiastic than everyone else '' and `` not missing a single opportunity to remind everyone they think the eu is n't quite as bad as cancer ... 
  yet . '', 
  the worst part was the statement that the event should n't be about eu politics . 
  well it fucking was n't until they made it about politics . 
  it was just a flag that 's there because the ceremony is in france and france is the eu . 
  had they not brought it up , no one would have even noticed , but now `` people are talking about it '' and `` some have expressed fears ... '' it 's political theater of the worst kind and `` senior british sources '' should be ashamed of them selves . 
  mine was us standard , singaporian , us black the really funny part was the first language guess : english ( aww , thanks ) , chinise , vietnamese ( wait , what ?! ), 
  why do you want to turn skandinavia in to a penis ? 
  the soviets kicked the japanese out of china . 
  they had 1.4 million troops to the japanese 1.2 million and despite fighting a well entrenched , highly profesionla veteran army of almost equal numerical strenght . 
  it took them 6 weeks . 
  6 weeks for japan to lose abou 75 % of it 's empire . 
  i think it 's fair to say the soviets could have in fact defeated japan eventually . 
  us lend lease to the ussr amounted to roughly 16 billion tonnes of good with a value of roughly 11 billion usd . 
  roughly 7000 tanks , 11000 aircraft , trucks , jeeps , uniforms , small arms ammo ... a lot of stuff , but the russian made over 106,000 tanks during the war as well as 142,000 aircraft . 
  soviet wartime gdp was about 1,4 trillion dollars total , most of witch ended up being used for the war effort . 
  while the l-l totals seem impressive , they did n't arrive in a single batch . 
  an extra 7000 tanks in 1941/42 is a war winner , but dispersed over time we get 140 us tanks shipped per month , vs 2800 soviet tanks made in the same interval . 
  us aid amounted to the soviets getting a free city of 1-2 million people . 
  a significant boon , but the soviets lost quite a few cities and regions with that kind of production power and they still soldiered on . 
  most importantly , the period when the ussr needed help most , during late ' 41 , early and mid ' 42 , they got far less aid than when the war was winding down and the rutes were getting safer . 
  hitler never got a single vote . 
  he was appointed to the position of chancellor and basically used the fact that he had 20 times more men than the 100k strong wehrmacht to secure a rigged election . 
  he had disgruntled former conscript soldiers . 
  europeans are unarmed , untrained and would face not only their own , but also their neighbours professional armies if anyone tried to pull that off today . 
  without conscription you have the anger and rhetoric , but lack the teeth the dictators of the 1930 's had . 
  germany and france are closely cooperating , france and england and closely cooperating , germany and poland , poland and the baltic states , france and spain , spain and portugal ... everyone is passively cooperating on an eu level and everyone is cooperating with their neighbours on a national level . 
  there 's no `` us vs them '' mentality . 
  the nationalist are small fringe groups that , while they are getting some support from their base , are also universally hated by every other party in their respective countries .
