  because no one on this list really benefits from trade with the uk , but benefits greatly from free movement . 
  asking for a deal without movement is like asking for a free trade agreement where only the other side has to remove all their tariffs , while you demand some of yours be negotiable . 
  if however you still deem losing your membership privileges as abusive , might i perhaps suggest that revoking your membership was a bad idea . 
  exept it absolutely can . 
  the resaults were always close . 
  the polls did n't show that 90 % of britons wanted to stay in the eu , they showed numbers in the low 50 % range . 
  that 's pretty darn representative given that the number is constantly between 48 and 52 % . 
  when the margin is this close , it can go ether way , but if a poll shows 60 + % then pretty definitive that a solid majority is in favor . 
  the money from eu funds is almost irrelevant in the big picture . 
  the economies of the 2004 . members got supercharged and grow orders of magnitude more rapidly than they would have if they had just gotten a bit of cash . 
  consequently , advanced eu economies got a huge new under served market with a middle class that 's growing quickly and has an apetite for western goods . 
  poland did n't have a recession . 
  the sectors in germany that exported to poland in a big way also avoided a downturn . 
  this did much to aid rapid recovery . 
  the future is actually looking quite bright as the loss of eu poaching protections combined with an fta with the uk could mean a huge influx of new jobs as uk manufacturers cut out the middle man and start making their stuff in eastern and southern europe directly and just ship it back tariff free . 
  imigrant 's returning home with full bank accounts also works as a stimulus of sorts as they create instant demand for housing and local goods and services . 
  i might be overly optimistic , but good things might genuinely come of this . 
  that 's true , but it will always be true . 
  there will always be things that need fixing and we should never stop trying to better our selves , but at the same time , this insanity , this tide of people who actually believe things are genuinely bad is a real problem . 
  things are not bad . 
  people are not dying in the streets , there 's food , clean water , shelter , sanitation , economic growth , good healthcare , education and job opportunities . 
  even in places experiencing economic hardship like spain on greece , what we have is things being worse than they were , not things being bad . 
  it 's important to keep this in mind , because people are discounting this argument . 
  when people say `` be happy , other have it worse '' it 's because others can become us over night . 
  there 's this implied delusion that the great recession is about as bad as it 's ever going to get in europe and that 's so far from the truth it 's laughable . 
  we can fuck up in ways people ca n't imagine . 
  we could experience horrors that rival or outdo ww2 . 
  you think your rights and freedoms are safe ? 
  they are n't . 
  you think you 'll never see a loved one die of hunger , or be cold and alone in the streets ? 
  societies that had far longer runs of peace and prosperity have gone to hell and rather than be an asset , in case of a systematic collapse , our reliance of advanced technology and complex infrastructure will make a crash quicker , more painful and will make rebuilding infinitely more difficult . 
  we will always want better . 
  we will never be satisfied , but if people begin to believe that not perfect is the same as bad , we will royally fuck our selves . 
  debatable . 
  his principal rival was king christian of denmark , a protestant . 
  france , a catholic country , was against austria and spain , also catholic countries , while supporting the netherlands , a protestant country . 
  the war was about geopolitics . 
  religion was more of a marketing tool . 
  that 's my whole point . 
  yours are too high . 
  what you 're looking for , it does n't exist . 
  hat 's off for trying . 
  it 's admirable , but it 's not realistic . 
  most people on the planet , basically all of us , would gladly commit murder to get a government as good as the one germany has and that 's a fact . 
  of course not . 
  it would be horrible for the russians . 
  i firmly believe that russia invading any eu or nato member is as stupid an idea as they come , but i too have absolutely no say in russian policy . 
  if people did n't start stupid wars , the attackers would never be on the losing side and yet , throughout history , although we tend to remember the successful conquests , by a very wide margins the defenders most defiantly have it , which means that most wars in history were started by an idiot who though he had it and found out he did n't . 
  and we have a winner !, 
  yes . 
  you are correct . 
  most countries have really shitty governments . 
  do you know why ? 
  because governing at a level that 's good enough just to keep things from going to hell is already incredibly hard . 
  keeping things the same is harder still . 
  making things better is close to impossible . 
  germany is firmly in the making things better category . 
  it 's slow , but that 's what you get for being on top . 
  if however you fail to realize this , you might quickly come to the very uncomfortable realization that i was correct as you contemplate just how high you are and how far this means you can fall . 
  pray you never have to experience what truly shitty governing looks like . 
  count your blessings while you have them . 
  true enough , but no one wins elections by promising to fix future problems . 
  basic income is not a popular idea anywhere . 
  deautomatization is economic suicide . 
  reeducating the entire workforce has questionable utility since who the hell knows what skills will actually be in demand 5 or 10 years from now . 
  you 're talking about a fundamental shift on the scale of the transition from an agrarian to an industrial society . 
  do you remember the sheer inhumanity and horror of that era for the average person ? 
  it took decades for a proper solution to emerge and become popular enough among the people it was supposed to help to get implemented . 
  germany however is a piss poor example of politicians doing nothing . 
  merkel proposed a robot tax . 
  people made fun of it , but it 's a really good first step in making sure that a ) automation happens at a rate that 's easier to control and b ) automation pays for the fallout caused by automation . 
  yes , it would be bloody . 
  that 's the problem . 
  a quick land grab in the baltic 's and suddenly europe has a choice . 
  years of bloody war or looking the other way . 
  it does n't matter if you think the choice is always going to be `` kick out the russians '' because you are n't going to be making the decision to invade , the russians will and if they think they can get away with it , they 'll try . 
  the days were you got to win a war between major powers are over . 
  if they try , regardless of who wins , we lose . 
  we lose face and territory . 
  we lose countless lives for no good reason . 
  we need to make sure trying never even comes to mind and as things stand , we are doing a piss poor job at that . 
  and people can demand that the sun should always shine . 
  the world does n't care . 
  you can want things to be better all you like . 
  it 's normal , it 's human , but the odds are decidedly not in your favor . 
  this is as good as it get 's . 
  the worse examples are what we call `` the baseline '' going from good to better is incredibly hard . 
  going from good to shit ... ask greece . 
  any list of the best governed countries in the world would have germany at or near the top . 
  this perspective is important because it means that there 's very little that can be done better , but there 's a world of ways things can get worse . 
  or , it 's possible that because things are fine people are actually satisfied with the way everything stands . 
  trust me , you are so far away from crappy you ca n't even remember what shit smells like . 
  germany is easely in the running for best governed country in the world . 
  if you 're hopping for things to get better , good luck because realistically , this is it . 
  this is about as good as it 's ever going to get . 
  not really . 
  technically she 's third and even though she wields a lot of power , it 's by proxy . 
  she 's in charge as the leader of the parliamentary majority . 
  she can set the agenda for her party , but can easely be overruled . 
  less power means less danger .
