  i am willing to bet any amount of money that the uk is going to be the frontrunner in the `` taking exeption to a few tiny issues '' category . 
  that was the crux of brexit after all . 
  things that everyone else just accepts as normal and reasnoble were somehow insufferable to the uk . 
  what 's worse is the timing of the end of negotiations , 13 months before the 2020 elections . 
  the conservatives have an interest in playing tough since the economic fallout of getting no deal would take while to fully manifest and they could blame everything on the eu when it does . 
  on the flip side , getting a good deal reqires compromise which will be seen as weakness by hardliners and will leave the conservatives to blame for everything bad that ever happens again , because they made `` that damn eu deal '', 
  the imaginary consequences of being percieved as a federal government by a random yank on the internet ? 
  i 'm sure they 're loosing a lot of sleep over it . 
  it 's a benefit for the noble british ex pat , but it 's being abused by the dirty foreigners . 
  all anyone has ever said was that once the uk leaves it would lose all benefits of membership . 
  it seems punitive because the benefits are fucking amazing , but really it 's exactly what the british public voted for . 
  no one is calling for boycotts or for isolating the uk or for levying punitive tarrifs . 
  if losing the benefits of being in the eu amounts to punishment then feel free to blame the brexiters and them alone . 
  they 're the ones getting what they want . 
  stay or lose all benefits of staying . 
  if leaving the eu leaves you bloody and broken , perhaps it was n't all that good of an idea in the first place . 
  the problem here is that politicians need to choose between what 's right for the country and what 's right for them personally . 
  many will tow a hard line because they fear losing their job more than tanking their economy . 
  sure , but not when it comes from the bottom . 
  the problems nations face are n't too many babies , it 's too many people too old to work . 
  if tomorrow everyone over 70 died it would be a tragedy of biblical proportions , but the world would move on . 
  if everyone under 20 dropped dead , that 's very likely game over . 
  low fertility is the second scenario playing out in slow motion . 
  a top heavy society will eventually collapse . 
  they can only consume goods if they can pay for them , which they ca n't because they have no money , because they have no jobs . 
  he 's not talking in hypotheticals . 
  he 's describing exactly what happened in romania at the exact time children born do to the governments fertility push came of working age . 
  i think his point was n't to stop poking him , but rather to shore up border security so that we 're not as reliant on turkish cooperation . 
  tito , half croatian , half slovenian , born and raised in croatia , never documented as being able to speak slovenian counts as slovenian . 
  wikipedia is more than a bit off it 's rocks . 
  where she was shunned because she was austrian instead of french . 
  her not being french is one of the causes of both the revolution and the elimination of the monarchy since the rumor was that the king was conspiring with the austrians against them . 
  calling her french really makes absolutely no sense in any context . 
  my mom grew up right on the border . 
  crosses it once a day for lunch . 
  she 's croatian , but is fluent in slovenian . 
  if i really , really try i can usually get the basic gist of what someone is trying to tell me in slovenian . 
  it 's a lot like dutch and german . 
  you can clearly hear that they have common roots and to someone who does n't speak ether they may even sound basically alike , but good luck to you if you try and use one in order to communicate to someone who only speaks the other . 
  that 's the strange part . 
  sure , he had slovenian heritage , but everyone that lives on or close to the border has a large degree of blood ties to both sides . 
  where you lived and what language you spoke was and still is the key factor . 
  he was born and raised here and as far as i know , unlike tesla , there was never really any question as to his nationality . 
  bank notes used to be issued by regular banks . 
  any old bank could issue a bank note and it could then be redeemed at that same bank for it 's face value or at a different bank for a portion of it 's value relative to the ease of reaching the other bank . 
  private banks issuing bank notes did n't die out until after ww2 . 
  this is remnant of that practice . 
  the people want to be lied to . 
  no one puts them in a bubble , no one prevents them from being informed . 
  they make a choice to only listen to those they agree with . 
  in a democracy , especially when a question is put directly to the people , the buck stops with them . 
  because the referendum showed that the public will was in fact in favor of the uk leaving , not asking the question would have been an autocratic act . 
  for better or worse asking the people is always the right decision , if not the correct one . 
  across the bosporus and the dardanelles is unquestionably asia . 
  the historical name for the region is asia minor after all . 
  the exact border might be debatable further north , but there , it 's about as clear as it gets . 
  the crown dependencies as well as the oversees territories are basically a giant web with the city of london at it 's center . 
  you ca n't really look at the isle of man , the caymans ect . 
  without the larger context . 
  the exact legal status is deliberately obtuse , but suffice to say , the isle of man would n't be doing much if it acted alone . 
  that 's a plurality . 
  a simple majority is defined as 50 % +1 . 
  coloquily people would call 48 % a majority but the law is really precise on that point for very obvious reasons . 
  and that half of his family is responsible for the deaths of a few million russians . 
  the romanovs had every opportunity to realize they absolutely should not be in charge of anything , especially not a world power and ether abdicate or take on a mostly ceremonial role like their british cousins , but they instead clung to absolute power and used wars , first against japan and then against the central powers to try and unify the country behind them . 
  that 's on top of them postponing badly needed reforms and generally running russia in to the ground . 
  every one of those `` bastards '' could write a small novella about the rape , death and injustice suffered at the hands of that family , or more likely they could n't because under them the literacy rate was abysmal . 
  how on earth do you form a government without a majority in the bundestag when you need a majority vote ? 
  i mean technically you could get a few members of the opposition to play along but i do n't think that 's ever actually happened . 
  are you asking me if you have conversations in the united states ? 
  i would guess you do . 
  i would also argue that you never having heard a point being made is somewhat poor evidence of it not being made toward others , especially when you are in no way related to the topic . 
  also , no one is saying every or even most americans who think they 're irish act this way . 
  however it is a line of thinking i 've seen expressed and not just from americans of irish descent . 
  it 's not very common but it 's also not especially rare . 
  as someone else already mentioned , look no further than the facebook comments of irish newspapers, 
  that anyone tells you , because why would they . 
  to anyone not from ireland they can just say that they 're irish . 
  it 's hardly going to come up unless they talking with actual people from ireland because that 's where they have something to prove . 
  you 've lived in the us your whole life and no one 's ever called you fake irish ? 
  no , the slew of personal insults is what people treat as personal insults . 
  you people made brexit ugly way before it was ever official . 
  there 's a proper , polite civilized way of doing it and it entails acting in a way almost diametrically opposed to the leave champagne . 
  unlikely . 
  the sheer quantity of high quality cartoons from all over the world means that it 's all but impossible to have an impact the way stuff did when tv was young . 
  there are still highly popular shows , but back in the day you could come in to school or work and 90 % of the people saw that thing on that show or movie and it was the topic of the day . 
  you could talk about it with random people on the bus or train . 
  only major sports events have that kind of read today and the definition of major is becoming stricter by the year . 
  it 's not just about london losing business , someone in the eu is going to be picking it up . 
  there does n't need to be anything close to a trade war . 
  banking across borders is tricky at the best of times . 
  domestic banks are constantly lobbying for regulations that give them advantages over foreign rivals . 
  by making the cost of doing business just marginally slower and slightly more expensive , they can steal huge amounts of business from their competitors . 
  they would never aim to make doing business impossible , just less attractive enough to get a majority of clients to hop across the channel or the irish sea . 
  then there 's moriz , hitlers personal driver who was half jewish and got a pass . 
  the doctor that treated hitlers mother for free and was declared a noble jew , exempt from persecution . 
  somehow , that actually makes it worse . 
  it means that hitler and the rest knew full well that the basis of their racial theory was utter bullshit . 
  they were n't delusional monsters driven by misplaced hate , they were opportunists . 
  they murdered millions because it was politically convenient .
