  trump wo n't reverse general trends in green energy and i 'm willing to bet over 90 % of the impact will be local to individual locations in the us , and most of the rest will be localized to n. america . 
  basically , i can see oil and chemical spills , lots of little pouters having a field day , spilling their gunk in to the water and soil , the air quality falling ect . 
  but that 's them . 
  we on the other hand should be sending engineers to the netherlands to study up how to keep a country that 's below sea level dry . 
  and is using it to post by far the best growth numbers , which are a major reason why germany managed to come out of the recession as fast as it did . 
  the money is n't a handout . 
  it 's an investment in to a new market for the benefit of the already wealthy members . 
  it 's the definition of a win-win , but lording it over others does a lot to spoil that . 
  it still works though . 
  people piss and moan , but the lights are on , the shelves are full , people are n't dying in the streets and while that does n't sound like much , it 's because the west has been living in the land of milk and honey for a solid two generations now . 
  things not being horrible for this long is not normal . 
  it 's rare as hell and exceptionally hard to maintain . 
  we seriously need a reality check because all this talk about dysfunction makes people think we need to make drastic changes believing things can hardly get worse , only to find out that we 're on top of a very high mountain with not a lot of room to move up , but with a long , long , long fall down . 
  true , but the alternative is being a small powerless country and having no say in what happens because you 're at the mercy of the big guy next door . 
  that 's the message that needs to be hammered home . 
  in a superstate of 500 million people your individual voice does n't count for much , but it counts for something and the alternative is having a marginally louder voice that you can use to complain how awful it is that your country is a puppet . 
  that 's germany more than the eu as a whole and they really cooled on that idea . 
  i 'm going to level with you here . 
  i 'm firmly in the `` the ship has sailed camp '' i genuinely believe that no amount of effort to mitigate emissions today would be sufficient to reverse the damage done . 
  the time for environmental reforms was over a decade ago . 
  today , our focus should be on mitigating the effects of the impending calamity . 
  this does n't mean we should n't continue to improve in that regard . 
  environmentaly friendly is basically another word for efficient in most cases and renewable energy is beneficial in and of it self , but i for one am not planning on living anywhere close to sea level anytime soon . 
  also , a point i missed , even if there 's profound change do to trump being the president , there 's nothing on earth we can do about it . 
  i think it 's important we keep things in perspective . 
  first . 
  while people everywhere feel invested in the us elections because they 're basically impossible not to follow , odds are , none of us will in any way be affected . 
  yes , lots of things could happen . 
  they probably wo n't . 
  why ? 
  second . 
  change is a lot harder than people think . 
  a president , even a us president is n't nearly as powerful as people think . 
  the smart money is on basically nothing changing , more of the same , staying the course politics . 
  trump is actually in a great position for that since his big project is an actual physical project . 
  a border wall . 
  a border wall that will do basically nothing , but will serve as a symbol of things getting done . 
  third . 
  his interactions with foreign leaders has been positive . 
  he can be diplomatic when he wants to and simply giving him the basic amount of respect do to the office seems to be more than enough to illicit good behavior . 
  the actual job is incredibly shitty and he 'll more than likely be far to busy at home to cause any problems abroad . 
  that being said , this should be a wake up call . 
  there are a lot of pre internet people living among us . 
  i will bet any some of money that more people on here no the detailed breakdown of the us election than know the names of anyone in their own local government . 
  your town council is basically guaranteed to be more important than 10 us elections in terms of impact on your life and it 's not going to be covered here on reddit . 
  the people on here are fun , but do n't matter . 
  the people outside do . 
  get informed , get active or get ready to get screwed . 
  let 's not get too hasty . 
  we 're bigger than russia ) in terms of population ) and richer than russia and while we 're not exactly what anyone would call well organized , desperate times and infinite money make for a solid combo if things go bad . 
  it 's not undemocratic . 
  if socialists like conservatives more than fn , then it 's the will of the people that conservatives win . 
  the point of a democratic system is that it represents the people . 
  all to many however feel like it should be a game where you can employ a clever strategy and win because the opposition is split . 
  people are free to have a backup choice . 
  they 're free to pick the lesser of two evils because that means they 're also free to pick what they see as a good in the first round . 
  we 're self regulating . 
  almost a third of that list removed them selves freely from the rest of us . 
  no , no it 's not . 
  it 's clear cut . 
  they are legitimate targets . 
  if they surrender and still get killed , that 's a different issue , but as long as they continue to fight there 's no obligation to try and apprehended them . 
  no , you bring them to the courts and tell us how fun it is to arrest someone in a warzone . 
  and our laws clearly state that there are jurisdictional borders that the legislative and judiciary bodies ca n't cross , but the executive can . 
  they have quite litteraly lost the right to trial in european courts . 
  a specific effort would need to be undertaken to extradited them and since no one is under any obligation to do so , they become legitimate high value targets of war . 
  why ? 
  what they did is n't subject to doubt . 
  they left the uk to fight and murder and rape their way through the middle east . 
  a jury trial exists to make sure the government does n't punish random inocent people , but there is n't any risk of that here . 
  they 're the enemy in a warzone . 
  they made a choice to become a target and your gram might have taken in defectors to the uk , but i highly doubt she would have opened her arms to british lads going over to fight for hitler and killed a few jewish families just for kicks . 
  you mean 50 % +1 ? 
  because majority plus one is 50 % +2 . 
  they ca n't . 
  the simple truth is that there is no plan that has any amount of popular support . 
  any specific plan will by default piss off the 48 % that wanted to remain , as well as the leavers who want a hard brexit or those who want a soft brexit . 
  the ones with family in europe or those from ni want free movement . 
  others desperately want movement of goods and services , others still want passports for the banks while at the same time they all categorically reject the wishes of the other groups . 
  any brexit plan is basically guaranteed to make 75 % of the people pissed . 
  any plan is bound to make a majority of leave voters say `` that 's not what i voted for '' putting the cards on the table is a surefire way to make people think you 're trying to sabotage brexit , reguardless of the plan , because leave voters simply wo n't accept that the problem is n't dirty politicians destroying their noble cause . 
  it could n't possibly be the fact that there really is no clear consensus within the leave camp . 
  the safest bet is thus to negotiate like lions , loudly make demands and draw lines in the sand , end up with nothing and blame the eu . 
  undemocratic , but perfectly reasonable considering both norway and switzerland could get accepted as full members of the eu if they wanted to . 
  it 's more autonomy in some areas in exchange for having none in others . 
  if that were the case , then there would hardly be a need to fight this ruling . 
  it would be a pointless technicality if she could get parliament to just rubber stamp the decision . 
  the fact that it 's being fought vigorously means that the outcome of a vote is uncertain . 
  scotland and n. ireland representatives would likely vote no , labor and the lib dems as well and any tory that 's pro remain and feels safe in his or her seat is a potential no vote . 
  may might be able to whip this through but it 's far from a done deal . 
  by a part of the public . 
  48 % voted remain and at least some of the remaining 52 % were just trying to stick it to cameron and succeeded . 
  add a ukip and labor that 's losing ground and first past the post and you get a more than decent chance to table this . 
  not saying it 's going to happen , but career suicide is a bit of a stretch . 
  so wait , the side that was for leave could promise nothing . 
  the side that was for remain is in power and will handle negotiations . 
  you 're telling me the british public knew this , voted for leave but i still should n't call them stupid ? 
  you do get the issue here , right ? 
  even if brexit ends up being the best decision in the history of man , voting for it based on the available information at the time , the fact that there was no time constraint or urgent need , the fact that the party in power did n't have a plan of action , the fact that those pushing for a brexit also had no plan , the fact that even within leave voters , let alone the general public , there is nothing approaching a consensus on any of the points that will need to be negotiated , all make voting for leave objectively stupid . 
  maybe , maybe if the eu was really this evil empire there would be an argument for `` anything is better than this '' but if the issue is annoying regulations ( that were all voted for and in a large number of cases written by the uk ) it 's simply not rationally justifiable to vote for god and the tories only know what today , rather than demanding a proper platform and plan .
