  compare that to taking away peoples nationality , something that realistically wo n't impact their day to day lives ( until they try to cross a border ) and i ca n't see there being much outrage . 
  this is a ploy to ether get turks back to turkey , to give turks a fast tract to becomming citizens of foreign countries or both . 
  it 's very likely to work . 
  betting on a result is the very definition of having skin in the game . 
  gamblers here are n't betting based on careful analysis of the data . 
  they 're following what they see as a popular trend that 's giving ( in their minds ) good odds . 
  fn winning in france is unlikely but not impossible . 
  the afd however is beyond unlikely to win . 
  what 's worse , the betting site is n't geared towards european politics at all . 
  they 're not accounting for the fact that you can win a plurality and still not be part of the government , if the other parties form a coalition without you ( which is very likely if the afd somehow got a plurality which they are far short of ) and they do n't account for the fact that you do n't technically need a single seat to become part of the government or chancellor . 
  while this would never happen in germany , here in croatia some random canadian became pm for a few months for reasons none of us could really comprehend . 
  if someone was betting on him to win , getting huge odds since he really is just some guy no one 's ever heard of before and no one has really mentioned since , things would make a lot more sense . 
  in parliamentary democracies , politicians could get huge on the unlikeliest of candidates , put them in power and then vote no confidence the next day , appointing the real candidate . 
  i would call it far fetched , but again , i lived through some random canadian becoming the pm of croatia and just going away after a few months . 
  i remember the first time i heard about political betting sites and what stuck out was their very strong prediction that herry read was going to lose his seat . 
  they had him at 91 % to lose . 
  he ended up winning by a lot . 
  here we have the principal issue of betting on politics . 
  the people that make the bets are outsiders . 
  americans from around the country betting on a nevada race or worse yet , americans voting on a german or french race . 
  europeans are simply underrepresented . 
  gamblers see something that looks like a popular trend , the rise of the alt right . 
  the look at parties that fit that in europe and bet on them way to hard , ignoring the fact that a ) so far the trend has only been evident in the uk and us ( english speaking countries that are basically exposed to the same information streams ) and the fact that the election systems are fundamentally different . 
  why do n't people bet ? 
  it 's not a thing here . 
  people are sceptical f online anything , especially gambling , especially gambling on politics . 
  add to that general unfamiliarity and when you see a site like that the first thing that comes to mind is `` scam ! '', 
  i mean , their stated goal are world domination and total conversion of everyone to islam . 
  their inediate goals are to spread the islamic caliphate to all the lands ever held by muslims , which include iran , india , the balkans , most of iberia , sicily , n. africa , in addition to all of the middle east . 
  the people who could n't take over kurdish land or overwhelm the citizens of baghdad want to conquer india . 
  this would be the equivalent of the inca deciding to try and reverse colonize europe . 
  this is an important question and surprisingly we have historical examples to guide us . 
  how you might ask ? 
  because we had slavery in the past . 
  robot is czech for slave and basically , that 's how we need to see them . 
  we need to look at slavery through out history and indentify it 's problems that are n't related to treating humans like property . 
  basically , we need to ask our selves , what problems did slave owning societies face ? 
  the first big problem is imense social stratification . 
  we currently mostly look at the master-slave relationship , but that 's mostly irrelevant since with robots , they are property . 
  quite litteraly things built for doing a specific task . 
  thus , the important relationship we need to look at is that of the slave owner class and the free citizen that has no or very few slaves . 
  a huge pitfall of the roman republic was the slave owners being able to more efficiently work the land , driving free farmers in to financial ruin and buying up their land so they could work it even more efficiently . 
  this drove free citizens towards the military since that was the only truly reliable source of income and thus driving the roman state in to perpetual wars on as many fronts as it could fight on so as to make sure the soldiers were always busy . 
  what makes robots more dangerous still is that the military is no longer an alternative . 
  robots are already more than capable of fighting wars . 
  because of this . 
  because the robot owners have not only a work force , but a military one as well , universal basic income ca n't work . 
  in rome , the daily bread and wine and games were given out to placate the masses . 
  it was a form of universal income and it worked to a degree , but only because the slave owner class needed the free citizens to be available in order to fight wars and supress slave rebellion . 
  robots do n't need supressing and as stated , can fight on their own . 
  this means that people recurving basic income would be at the mercy of those handing it out . 
  the majority of people would be both useless or worse a source of irritation , whole dependant and utterly powerless . 
  this means that we absolutely can not allow select individuals or even the government own the robots and we must never frame income from robot labor as an entitlement . 
  what should we do then ? 
  make everyone a slaveowner . 
  that 's right . 
  by law , each person must own at least a certain number of robots . 
  the money you get each month is n't welfare , it 's rent for allowing others to use them or alternatively you use them your self to make stuff . 
  basically , as soon as humanly possible , we need to start giving robots to the poor and then to the middle class . 
  we need to make owning robots as normal as owning shoes . 
  yes , the wealthy will own more , but if the government mandates each citizen have at least a certain number and constantly diverts a percentage of the robots income toward making a new robot for that owner , we can guarantee that the majority of robots ends up in the hands of a majority of people . 
  the super rich could try and build huge numbers of robots , but ultimately it 's more economical to just rent them byond the few dozen they might need to do manual labor on their property . 
  this obviously raises questions of how one would make sure the rented robots are still `` loyal '' to their owner . 
  how do you stop the government from typing in a master code and taking them all over or a hacker starting the robopocalipse ? 
  i have no idea . 
  it 's a necessity step . 
  people need to be in full control of their robots for this to work and on a practical level i have no clue how you would do it , but i firmly believe it 's ether all of us becoming the masters of our personal robot work gangs or starting a countdown until the people with robots realize they might be better off if they just `` relocated '' the people without robots to a `` farm upstate '', 
  obama was more of the same . 
  same shit , different package . 
  it seems apperant now that the american political machine cares little about the man at it 's head . 
  it 's a train set firmly in it 's rails , giving the illusion of choice while in truth one may only pick between routes that were layed down long before . 
  there are many cases where they do n't . 
  a weak currency is great for china . 
  why ? 
  because it 's industry is labor intensive and can thus sell labor at an artificially low cost . 
  china also has a huge wealth of domestic raw materials . 
  this means the increased cost of importing them is greatly offset . 
  finally they are the world 's biggest export nation , meaning they have a massive stockpile of foreign currency with which they can buy import goods . 
  the uk lacks all of that . 
  labor intensive industry left a good while back and automation is eating up what 's left . 
  because british industry is more high tech , the labor costs tend to be focused in a smaller number of high skilled employees who can demand wages that are competetive globally , thus no savings there . 
  britain is an import nation , importing everything from raw materials ( including oil , which it produces at home ) to consumer and industrial goods . 
  right now , there still exist stockpiles of goods and meterials from when the pound was strong , as well as contracts being in place for the purchase of the same set in pound sterling . 
  because the pound fell , the latter especially is now very lucrative since an exporter can sell their goods in the us , get payed in dollars and then exchange those dollars for pounds at a far better rate , allowing them to pay their bills for less . 
  however , contracts run out and stockpiles run dry . 
  when that happens newly imported materials and goods will ether have to be bought with foreign currency or with pounds at a bad exchange rate ( because no one is going to risk the pound falling further and them getting the short end of the stick ) if a weak pound was desirable , there would have been nothing easier for the british government to do than just print more money . 
  they did n't because they knew the upside would only last until everyone was able to renegotiate their deals with british partners . 
  it 's not really a question . 
  terrorism is up globaly , down by a lot locally , global coverage is basically non existent outside the west , inside the west it 's way , way up . 
  this is interesting for two reasons . 
  first , on the face of it , this is playing in to the hands of terrorists . 
  if governments were covering up terror attacks , the actual damage done would be insignificant . 
  however , the second thing we need to look at is why governments are playing in to the terrorists hands by helping the media play up the events . 
  the most likely answer is that unlike the past homegrown terrorists , they do n't see muslim terror as a real threat . 
  realistically , why should they . 
  past terrorists were separatists and had local support . 
  muslims are the other . 
  they have goals that are laughably unachiavable and their methods are as primitive as it gets . 
  someone concluded that the propaganda value of succesful attacks for the terrorists is less than the value it has for governments . 
  it 's a way to get wider powers and a cheap political tool to get some votes .
