  this has got to be the worst german policy decision since hitler declared war on the us . 
  a nothing to win , everything to lose scenario that will leave future generations asking : `` why would anyone do something so blatantly stupid ? '', 
  diversification is all well and good , but there are practical realities that ca n't be ignored . 
  the eu has a resource that you ca n't really get in many other places , and that 's lots of customers rich enough to buy uk made goods . 
  a market of 500 million people is n't something you just replace , especially when you 're already doing trade with the us . 
  the only other markets even approaching the us and eu are india and china . 
  china being as protectionist as you can get in today 's world while india is still quite poor , but with a growing economy that still mostly lives of it 's domestic market , thus limiting their enthusiasm for foreign imports . 
  latin america requires multiple trade deals with individual nations and goods transported ether across multiple land borders or ships stopping at multiple ports . 
  just like se asia , africa and the middle east , you have a bunch of small markets . 
  finally and most importantly , what can the uk offer to the world ? 
  what goods does the uk make that are n't made better or cheaper by the us , eu , japan or china ? 
  what incentives does the uk offer in return to a country willing to open it 's markets . 
  the eu can say `` we can open the doors to half a billion reasonably wealthy people '' the potential benefits are immense . 
  how much of `` the worlds '' business can the uk hope to absorb , because remember , trade deals are based or reciprocity and few countries will be interested in a deal that just creates a trade deficit with the uk . 
  there are 5 % of people living in the us that are n't white , black or hispanic . 
  of the 4 % that are asian american , a majority is fully americanized and has been for over a century . 
  buddhists , muslims and hindus are each at under 1 % , while christians of various denominations make up over 75 % of the population , while the second largest group , at around 16 % is no religion . 
  what i 'm saying is the us does n't have a lot of anyone that is n't ether of european descent or that was n't imported in to the us as property and stripped of any and all cultural identity . 
  the us is not a melting pot . 
  it is a crucible . 
  by carrot or by stick , the stick in many cases being quite literally an actual stick , anything deemed un-american is destroyed without mercy . 
  multiethnic , sure , but multicultural ? 
  not really . 
  the largest immigrant group is christian and dependent from european settlers just like basically everyone in the us . 
  the pockets of genuanly foreign culture are tiny compared to the overall population . 
  my town does n't have a basketball team but we have a good football team . 
  our rival town plays basketball on really high level but sucks at football . 
  consequently , what 's basketball ? 
  what kind of football is that ? 
  let me explain . 
  the funny thing about the balkans is that we generally like almost every single person in our neighboring countries . 
  as individuals they 're great.taken as a whole , they can go die in a fire . 
  you can hate `` the serbs '' with a burning passion , while still liking 99 % of them . 
  we can support , cheer and vote for them in international competition ( other than football , because football is the nation boiled down in to 11 people ) while making plans for the war that 's due sometime in the mid 2020 's . 
  why ? 
  because the balkans , that 's why . 
  you misread the post . 
  eternal victim is what we in eastern europe call the russians because they always claim to be the victims of aggression and defending them selves in to the largest country in the world is a joke that plays off that fact . 
  i 'd call him a racist cunt if calling someone racist meant anything any more , so i 'll stick with the second half . 
  i do n't even think that 's true . 
  look at global poverty . 
  n. africa and the middle east are poor , but there are places as poor or poorer and yet they somehow manage not to have people blow them selves up . 
  i 'm begging to hate how much entitled assholes with a cause use poverty as an excuse for all kinds of incredible bullshit . 
  poverty can make you steal . 
  if you a truly desperate , a good person might be driven to do something bad . 
  most however , need do . 
  but then people start blaming other crimes on poverty . 
  yes , they rape , they murder , they torture , they practice genital mutilation , they reintroduce institutionalized slavery in to the world , but it 's not their fault . 
  they were driven to it by poverty !, 
  poverty being the cause of modern day extremists is a bad joke . 
  terror is being funded by some of the richest families on the planet . 
  the 9/11 attackers were educated upper middle class people . 
  the terrorists that attacked paris and brussels were n't poor . 
  i want to fight poverty as much as the next guy since i believe we 're horribly mismanaging resource distribution , but i 'm under no illusion it will do anything to fight extremists . 
  more importantly , while poland rejects middle eastern immigrants ( who in tern absolutely do n't want to live in poland ) they take in ukrainian refugees withoubt question . 
  russia is the exact opposite . 
  the eternal victim of fate and foreign aggression . 
  ask them and they 'll tell you how they defended them selves in to becoming the largest country on the planet . 
  when they 're hopeful it means they 're content and wo n't be doing anything of note . 
  when they become pessimistic is when you start looking over your shoulder . 
  ask your self this , 5 years ago could you immagine them just walking in to crimia , taking over , starting a war to bite off east ukraine and basically everyone more or less not giving a damn ? 
  i 'd put that one in the achievment unlocked bracket . 
  it is , but for the west they are n't even a real threat . 
  they 're a security challege . 
  they 're the equivalent of a big storm . 
  there 's going to be damage and people might die , but it will blow over and in a few days or weeks tops things are going back to normal . 
  seconded . 
  i believe you that there is a number . 
  it however is huge in the same way my dick is , only if i 'm being very , very generous . 
  exactly . 
  all we have to do is integrate them is about as substancial a statement as our strategy for this war is to win . 
  why yes , if we did that all our problems would be solved and it does sound good , however , getting it done is the hard part . 
  say what you like about the far right but : `` kick them out ! '', 
  is and actual plan you can implement with laws and money . 
  this will come to bite the integration people in the ass because i can promise you now , when it fails , they wo n't be blaming the migrants for not trying hard enough or them selves for not doing a good job . 
  they 'll blame everyone else for not meeting them half way and that 's when people start getting nasty . 
  but it works so well in strategy games . 
  if i have more workers than you i get more resource points . 
  are you telling me that 's not how it works ? 
  you had every oportunity to push polish or czech in the colonies . 
  do n't blame us for your lack of forsight . 
  hey , it 's your own damn fault you did n't teach them finnish when you had the chance . 
  it 's not . 
  the judiciary has the power to determine guilt or fault , but here the government has exclusive power to decide if a law has been broken at all . 
  sharing information is legal . 
  sharing clasified information is illegal . 
  the judiciary does not decide if information is clasified or not . 
  the executive tells them that it is and then the courts do their job . 
  insulting a foreign head of state is not illegal . 
  insulting a foreign head of state in a way that the goverment determined was detrimental to germany is illegal . 
  if the executive decides to tell little eddy to go fuck him self , there was nothing illegal thus the judiciary has no jurisdiction and consequently there is no issue with the separation of powers . 
  what merkel did was say that the insult is detrimental and the satirist broke the law . 
  since he did so publically , the only grounds for aquittal are constitutional . 
  while the courts will likely determine his right to expression superceded the law , they may determine his speech falls under an exeption and can be sanctioned . 
  it 's really easy to test since welfare is realatively new and migration is really old and a lot needed to go right for newcommers to get properly integrated . 
  i 'm white . 
  i 'm also from the balkans . 
  please explain how exactly i 'm a beneficiarry ? 
  tends to be a lot easier when the people you 're trying to integrate do n't hate our values , way of life and everything we hold dear , but thinking that makes me a racist so it 's best to listen to me . 
  the banks are n't who relevant .
