  are you seriously playing with peoples lives just to prove a point ? 
  you think sending thousands of families to places you know they wo n't stay , just to test the willingness of others to obey your whims is a good idea ? 
  i thought you left that nonsense behind when colonialism died , but it seems old habbits die hard . 
  we had our negotiator ready in 2 days while you managed to do fuck all in 3 months other than give your self another 5 . 
  the eu works fast , the translation from competent in to english is where you get the delays . 
  of course it 's not . 
  the other guys will obviously be different because nothing sticks it to the man quite like fireing his oversight and giving him free reign . 
  so obviously the correct move is to give said government even more power . 
  it 's legally binding but has no legal effect . 
  it 's an interesting distinction . 
  if the referendum lacks a quorum it 's not valid , plain and simple like it never happened . 
  if it has a quorum , the decision is legally binding but at the level of a regular law . 
  laws are below international treaties in legal hierarchy and the maxim lex superior derogat legi inferiori applies . 
  so yes , it 's pure propaganda . 
  if hungary does n't want the people mandated by the quota , all orban would have to do is accept them in and not actively try and stop them from going back . 
  please understand , when someone is making a comment like this it 's us asking you , when you 'll be moving out , because we really want you to move out and you seem to be taking your sweet ass time . 
  late march it is . 
  as long as it stays that way everything 's fine . 
  the bigger issue is that right now , this is nothing but political posturing . 
  the croatian approach was brilliant in it 's simplicity . 
  our pm , and i genuinely did n't like the guy but have to give him props on this , just said sure , we 'll let them pass though , provide shelter , food , medical attention , ask everyone if they would like to stay and if they do n't send them on their way . 
  we did our best to register and fingerprint everyone , but as the pm made clear , since we lack the capacity to do that while providing appropriate living standards and we 're not a member of the schengen zone ( in the eu , but we still have regular borders ) this is a courtesy and our main goal is to help everyone get to their intended destination . 
  we got one taker . 
  a woman decided to stay here with her daughter and apply for asylum . 
  the other half a million people moved on . 
  when it 's up to us to get a quota of people , we 'll say yes , welcome them here and wish them well when they turn around and try their luck again in germany or another rich country . 
  this is so obviously the right move , anyone making a big show out of doing anything else is creating a fight to gain political capital and nothing more . 
  i used to be strongly in favor of eastern europe fighting back on this , but after a year it 's pretty clear that the smart move is to just nod , accept the quotas and the problem will solve it self about 5 seconds after they get here when they turn around and leave . 
  sure , the eu can make us take people in , but that does n't include us playing jailer and by doing absolutely nothing we guarantee not one migrant stays in our countries , because they do n't want to and we sure as hell are n't going to change their minds . 
  while at the same time asking for more money . 
  it was the worst kind of populism . 
  the greek politicians somehow forgot that their counterparts also had constituents at home and they did n't need a referendum to know that under no circumstances were they going to just hand over more money with no strings . 
  forget union of allies . 
  the brits are pretending like they were n't a major european player . 
  they not only voted for , but actually pushed for eastern expansion . 
  that eu law they hate so much , they wrote , help write and lobbied for much of it . 
  the bright minds of britain will even attack the european convention on human rights for stifling their sovereignty ... and they wrote the damn thing . 
  i do n't know if i should laugh or cry when i hear the kind of nonsense they managed to pass off . 
  i would 90 % of the rules and regulations brits hate is stuff that 's 100 % made in the uk , but people just assume it 's all brussels . 
  the eu generally does n't make rules that have a relevant effect on peoples day to day lives . 
  the `` 1000 rules you have to follow while making a product '' are rules that most businesses already follow for the most part , but you want to make sure that the one rule that is n't followed by this country or the other rule that does n't exist in that country does n't cause an incident where a ship full of goods has to be turned back because a product is n't up to code for an intended market . 
  to solve that , you have a single , very comprehensive set of rules that cover everything , but require little in terms of adaptation and the consumer usually does n't even notice , until there 's a slow news day and some reporter discovers that you now have to sell eggs by weight ( so that someone does n't get the bright idea of selling cartons of only the smallest eggs they could find in order to screw the average consumer , while selling the big eggs to the food industry that already buys by weight , because of course they would ) and makes up a shock story that claims the eu wo n't let people sell eggs by the dozen any more . 
  this whole thing would make at least some sense if britain was some isolated , backward island with some strange , unique language and we had a situation of things being lost in translation , but no . 
  out of all europeans , they have the greatest access to every kind of information from everywhere in europe . 
  they can talk to anyone and read about anything and they simply decided not to bother . 
  the bastards lied to us . 
  their public face is filled by these well spoken , intelligent , sophisticated types and they love to sell them selves as the cultured old world brother to those silly , stupid americans , but the more you actually look , the more you realize that if anything , they 're worse . 
  now , i hear what you 're typing already . 
  you 're typing trump and that would seem like a valid point until you realize two things . 
  first , trump is more than anything , a giant middle finger to the gop establishment , rather than an actual endorsement for him as a candidate and the lack of a viable third party by necessity pushes people to extreme candidates within their own ranks . 
  second , he 's a reality tv star running in what has been for a long time now , basically a reality tv show pretending to be an election champagne , against a candidate that many in her own party are not in the least exited about and he 's still losing . 
  in the uk , build a wall won and have the people down south pay for it won . 
  so you spend the money you would have used to bail out the bank , to bail out people who lost their savings . 
  if you 're goal is to prevent the consequences , prevent the consequences , do n't try to sew a burst appendix back together . 
  we stayed in a union with hungary for 800 years . 
  a union with austria for 400 years . 
  the dissolution of a franken state because the serbs decided that , like the english , they were god 's gift to man kind and if anyone was leaving they were n't leaving without a fight . 
  our independence referendum , which was fully legal according to the constitution of 1974 . did n't even seek to devolve yugoslavia . 
  we voted on turning the federation in to a looser confederation with greater autonomy being granted to the individual states and got invaded for out trouble . 
  fun fact , if memory serves , while most of europe was on our side i do recall you being on serbia 's side until the us told you to go to heal . 
  you also gave refuge to the serbian king during ww2 , the same serbian king that had an entire branch of my family `` swallowed by the night '' and even before that you were the ones who gave italy our coastline and armed what was left of the serbian army after ww1 and backed them when they decided to incorporate us in to their little south slavic kingdom . 
  at home . 
  you were combative as a means po pander to local voters , but in brussels the uk was among the most prolific members , the one that pushed for expansion , regulation , cooperation , all the things you blasted at home . 
  people are n't but labor most certainly is . 
  a worker is selling his or her labor in the same way a company would sell a product and they should be free to do so under the same conditions . 
  exactly . 
  his successors were idealists , he was a realist accused of being an old cynic . 
  ohhh , you 're pissed that you 're not in charge . 
  well that 's the whole point of de gauls argument . 
  of course the uk 's interests are n't front and center , or course legislation that affects the uk is being pushed . 
  all legislation will have a disproportionate effect on some countries and no countries individual interests can be pushed ahead of the whole . 
  everyone is helping greece and italy . 
  croatia alone had 500.000 people moving though our borders from greece and their economy , after a great many years of free fall is finally stabilizing , in no small part do to austerity , because greece simply could not function with a budget that so greatly exceeded their income . 
  they only managed a primary surplus this year which means that for the last 6 years they needed to borrow money no one would have lent them , except the eu . 
  the eu was basically telling them that yes , you 're getting disaster relief , but for the love of god , repair the levies . 
  the uk left because you simply do n't fit in and that very much is your fault . 
  the rest of us find a way to set out ego 's aside and work together towards a common goal , which is an eventual , inevitable deeper union and you just ca n't get on board with that and we just ca n't help you . 
  if you do everything we tell you too we wo n't go away is a very good argument for making us want to see you go away . 
  the last part is especially funny . 
  tell me , who exactly elected may as pm ? 
  where exactly is this army of ours ? 
  football clubs have anthems and flags . 
  you could have left when the stuff you 're grumbling about actually happened . 
  you had a vote . 
  no big decision happened in the eu without the uk 's approval . 
  if you want to see how it looks like when you have to follow directives from brussels and have no say , just wait until your un elected leaders sell you out at the negotiating table . 
  i for one voted for the epp and junker was their candidate for president so i voted for him as well and i 'm very happy to say , my guy managed to find a negotiator in 2 days , you have n't been able to find one willing to touch your clusterfuck in close to a hundred . 
  they really are n't and since no one of any note will ever by influenced by anything i write on reddit , there 's really no difference . 
  yes . 
  that would have been a nice start . 
  for failures they still seem to be working quite well and again , you were n't part of them , so what exactly was the issue . 
  how was this a self fulfilling prophecy ? 
  what did the eu do to the uk to drive it out , other than just be the eu . 
  i would say that you people hate everything that was n't your idea on reflex , but you even fought against the european charter on human rights for imposing nonsensical restrictions on you . 
  a charter that you your selves wrote , but because it had european in the title , it was the literal devil . 
  you were never on board with the whole thing and you should n't have been let in . 
  not a prophecy . 
  they do n't fit in because they 're incapable of playing well with others . 
  from day 1 you did n't fit in because you 're incapable of playing with others . 
  that 's an assessment and a correct one at that .
