  you would do well to demonstrate an assertion before declaring victory , or not and just quietly go away , or loudly go away . 
  or at least tell me when you 're going away . 
  of course you ca n't because the actual time is : `` as soon as it 's not a stupid idea '' which is never . 
  but hey , what do i know , i 'm just an antagonistic asshole trying in my own limited way to get rid of you . 
  go on , prove me wrong . 
  all you need to do is leave and i 'll look like a total idiot . 
  oh , what a fool i will be . 
  i said you would never leave , and you left . 
  do n't want to listen to me ranting ? 
  you already know the remedy . 
  no , not especially , but they are the body with the most eyes on them and with the lowest ration of power granted to responsibility . 
  actually wait , if i admit that they 're horrible , will it make you go away faster ? 
  is that what you wan t ? 
  do you want us to praise you for taking a brilluant and bold course of action ? 
  oh great and clever brits , escaping the evil brusselian empire . 
  because if that 's what it takes to get rid of you , i 'll start getting people together . 
  you jest , but that 's a very real possibily . 
  you see i fully realize my country is corrupt and run by morons . 
  you however are under the illusion that the morons running your country , by virtue of being elected by other morons , know what they 're doing . 
  there are multiple excellent reasons for being transparent about this kind of stuff . 
  one being that every second you stay , without having a firm date , makes you less popular among europeans , which makes you more of a target for populists willing to score political points , which makes getting a good deal all the less likely . 
  my personal suspicions as to why it 's taking so long is because i think that there 's no good deal to be had . 
  more specifically , any deal made will piss off at least half of the leave voters , along with most of the remain voters . 
  because leave was never properly defined , everyone had their own vision of what it meant . 
  because everyone had their own vision , it was easy to vote for , but impossible to implement , because some people want fortress britain , others want quasi eu membership with minor tweaks and everything in between . 
  i hear that it 's impossibly complicated all the time , and i have to wonder , why is that ? 
  what 's complicated ? 
  what exactly is the issue ? 
  the eu already knows what it 's willing to offer you . 
  if you know what it is you want this should be simple . 
  if you do n't , what exactly is going to change between now and a year from now ? 
  i would accept a specific date , but you do n't have one . 
  when you start being more specific , i 'll start being less skeptical . 
  sounds fair ? 
  you know what would really shut me up . 
  you guys leaving . 
  guess i wo n't be shutting up . 
  then inform me oh wise one , when can i have my `` do n't let the door hit you on the way out party '' . 
  my nephew just celebrated his first birthday and i 'd like to know if he 'll be able to toast with proper booze . 
  they 're getting ready because not getting ready would be irresponsible and they 're europeans , not the british . 
  you 're not addressing the central point though . 
  of course i care about the central issue . 
  what i do n't care about is the 1000th excuse as to why it has n't happened and why there 's no firm date and why it keeps getting pushed back , and evey british redditor has a different excuse or set of excuses which tells me your making up reasons so you have an argument . 
  i do n't want an argument , i want an exact date for when your planing on actually being gone . 
  europe wants you gone , and you voted to leave , so it should be simple , but of course , with you that was never an option . 
  saying never in a fancy way is still saying never . 
  how do you not get this . 
  ireland has a stated corporate tax rate , but made an illegal deal with apple to reduce said tax rate letting them operate in the whole of europe while paying next to no taxes . 
  ireland broke european law . 
  any promises made that guaranteed that apple would get preferential treatment are illegal and thus unenforceable anywhere . 
  they might as well gave agreed to ireland sending teams of assassins against apples enemies . 
  if it 's illegal , the deal is not legally binding , ever . 
  saying never in a fancy way is still saying never . 
  it will never suit you . 
  that 's the point . 
  who cares ? 
  it 's not happening now , or this year and there 's no date set for next year . 
  stop telling us why you have n't done it or that you 're totally doing it , and do it . 
  until your actually gone , no one is going to believe you . 
  why would we ? 
  you said your leaving so often it 's practically your national anthem . 
  does n't matter . 
  if it 's illegal under eu rules , no amount of irish courts saying differently changes that , and an illegal action is unenforceable . 
  end of story . 
  believe me people have tried . 
  my local government said i could , the state said i could , the president said i could . 
  does n't matter . 
  i would also like to see where and how they asked the irish courts for a legal opinion on this and what their ruling was . 
  article 50 is what makes leaving possible . 
  the 2 year max was instated by some brain-dead morons who were afraid the eu would drag the process on forever , not being able to forward that one day , when they did decide to leave , their countryman would be the ones doing everything possible not to leave . 
  now stop telling me why leaving now is stupid , because leaving will always be stupid and tell me if your current plans are set for before or after our sun turns in to a red giant and swallows up the earth , or are the french having an election then as well ? 
  he gets quoted a lot , and states that they 'll still be doing business in london and that it will still be the biggest hub for certain kinds of trades , but that 's about it . 
  they do n't quote him as saying anything that would justify the headline . 
  we 're european . 
  anything after the crusades is recent . 
  more to the point , the habsburg empire shaped slovenia and croatia in fundamental ways . 
  it 's so deep that even within croatia you can basically see the borders between the austrian , hungarian and italian spheres of influence . 
  the rest of former yugoslavia was shaped by the ottoman empire . 
  yugoslavia fell twice because people pretended that the differences were n't real . 
  we get along as individuals just fine , but simply can not be governed in the same way . 
  and i 'm going to pull out and the cheque is in the mail . 
  do n't tell me your going to leave . 
  leave . 
  article 50 was supposed to be invoked imeditly after the referendum . 
  then it was as soon as a new pm was appointed . 
  then it was in september . 
  then it was by the end of 2016 . 
  then in early 2017 . 
  now it 's sometime in 2017 . 
  by the end of the year it 's going to be expected before the 2020 . 
  british elections . 
  right now the goal post for the invocation of article 50 is moving back so fast physicist are thinking of replacing the speed of light as a measure for interstellar distances . 
  we 're not asking for the moon here . 
  one would imagine that you could at least set a fixed date for the beginning of a 2 year process , failing that , most people are expecting article 50 sometime between now and the heat death of the universe . 
  because you made a big production to try and convince everyone that this time you were really leaving so better give us what we want , and we said no , you voted to leave and your back to convincing us that this time it 's really final and we better give you what you want or one day you might actually invoke article 50 . 
  it 's getting annoying . 
  shit of get off the toilet . 
  you stay , it 's fine , you leave it 's fine , but standing in the damn door is pissing everyone off . 
  they ca n't . 
  you ca n't sue because someone promised to break the law and now is n't allowed to .
