  that 's enforcement . 
  you can do what you like as long as no one stoops you . 
  the law very much cares about what 's inside your head , it just ca n't do much about it . 
  riddle me this . 
  how exactly was odoacer loyal until the justinianic invasion of italy , when he died almost 20 years before justinian even came to the throne ? 
  at the night of rome the tried and failed miserably . 
  that 's not even remotely true . 
  intent is a huge concept in criminal law and intent is something that happens entity within your head . 
  state of mind frequently determines both what crime was actually committed , if any , and has a significant influence on punishment . 
  what your talking about is enforceability which is a completely different issue . 
  i do n't think that 's the solution . 
  our borders are n't the problem . 
  it 's the fact that after you cross them you get a big welcome to europe party instead of being hunted down like a criminal , punished by hard labor for a few months and then forced out . 
  the border is window dressing . 
  we need to make them not want to come rather than wasting money by stopping them from trying . 
  as long as there 's an incentive to get here we could have ww1 style trench lines and people would still try to cross . 
  oh , but they do . 
  it 's pure hypocrisy . 
  when they do it 's ok because there are good and valid reason for a nation to control it 's borders . 
  not doing so is negligent at best . 
  however , when other do it , it 's because they 're evil . 
  what 's really insulting is how poorly and transparently it 's done . 
  they litteraly have to think people are morons to a man with the attention span of a goldfish to not see it . 
  that 's how the used it here . 
  i do however remember reporting on the crisis and specifically the news referring to people from safe countries that they can safely return to at any time , as refugees . 
  let 's not pretend refugee was n't the catch all term for every person coming to europe or that it wo n't be again the moment it is convenient . 
  i 've been using the term migrants for months and got in to several arguments because refugee was the correct term since people running from economic hardship are basically the same as the ones running from war . 
  do n't give me this nonsense about us being the ones distorting the language . 
  on this sub in particular , we 're pissed about how the migrant , not the refugee crisis is handled and the 1984 vibe is getting seriously creepy . 
  they missed you . 
  unless we spontaneously got rid of cars since this morning , i would greatly appreciate not adding more things to the `` this can kill me list '' also , i like cars . 
  cars are useful . 
  the deaths caused are accidents rather than caused by malice and their value to society is undeniable . 
  i ca n't imagine getting rid of cars . 
  i do however think that i could get by without endless waves of migrants . 
  my thoughts were always as follows , if we do n't think our cultural values are better than everyone else 's , we should decide who 's better than us and emulate them . 
  since we do n't , we 're implicitly agreeing that our culture is in our opinion , better than everyone else 's . 
  other people from other cultures may disagree , but have no standing if they make their claim running from places formed and at this point in time , being dismantled by said culture . 
  eg i can respect someone from japan saying the japanese way of doing things is best . 
  their system is flawed , but generally functions well thus giving their argument weight . 
  people from failed states claiming their values are good , have no leg to stand on . 
  it is up to us , as the functioning , stable , prosperous nation 's that obviously provide things the migrants value ( as proved by the fact that they are here ) to determine if their culture has any place in our society . 
  we have a duty , as a people , to preserve the great wealth and abundance our forebberers created and which was given to us , not to spend , but to grow . 
  while we may share with those in need , no one has the right to jeopardise the prosperity , let alone the safety of their fellow citizens , based on misplaced guilt or nonsensical ideology . 
  the us fancies it self a melting pot because europeans from all sorts of european countries , believing in many different interpretations of christianity , living by multiple different flavors of the same culture , managed to coexist in relative peace . 
  he have no such advantage . 
  they can be a melting pot , but europe must be a crucible . 
  taking raw humanity , burning away all that is un european and forging something better , because it is european . 
  if they disagree , they can go back home and prove us wrong . 
  of course they could lie , but it makes no sense here . 
  it 's obvious that hiding terrorists among refugees is a good move for them so the security services will already be looking . 
  it 's still the best way to get them to europe so the terrorists will be doing it in spite of added scrutiny . 
  it 's like them saying , i had pasta today . 
  could be a lie , but it 's a very strange thing to lie about . 
  also , if i remember correctly , they flat out said they were doing it . 
  it is . 
  am talking about the eu making it clear that they want you out . 
  you deciding to leave stops being relevant if you get pushed out beforehand . 
  while i do n't know this for sure , one does not generally openly discuss the actions to be taken against someone publically unless their departure is a forgone conclusion . 
  what i 'm saying is , from where i 'm standing , it looks like you 're out reguardless of how you vote . 
  and if the uk was generally liked that would work . 
  the perception is that the uk is a rich and prosperous country that ca n't help but find the cloud in every silver lining , blames every problem on someone else and ca n't be relied on to piss on you when you 're on fire . 
  yes , the uk failing on it 's own would be ideal , but the risk of the uk succeeding is way to great . 
  people may not like vindictiveness , but they respect it . 
  few like the cold heated assassin , but fewer look down on him . 
  on the other hand , when `` them '' start whining about getting screwed over by `` us '' we stop listening . 
  no one respects the weak . 
  you 're talking like your decision is relevant . 
  it 's not . 
  if people are already talking about how exactly to trip you up after you 're gone , you no longer have a say . 
  you 're gone . 
  weather you want to be in this `` relationship `` or not is no longer an issue . 
  someone ran the numbers and decided that after all is said and done , cutting you lose and letting you or making you drown is the way to go . 
  any potential downside , it would seem , is n't so bad as to allow the alternative , that is , a uk that leverages concessions through constant threats of departure and a uk that leaves and succeeds . 
  basically , if brussels caves again , they probably assume that other will start imitating you . 
  threatening to go their own way unless they get some special exemption . 
  keeping you in and keeping you economically unharmed is no longer a viable option . 
  this is n't a threat to get you to stay . 
  this is the plan for when you leave or get pushed out . 
  you are no longer a part of us . 
  you are part of them . 
  keeping you in is no longer a consideration . 
  you are to be made an example of . 
  if you succeed the example will be that leaving the eu is a net positive and the union is in peril . 
  if you fail it proves no one can go at it alone . 
  someone has determined it 's best to let you go and trip you on the way out . 
  it is likely that this is because they have confidence that failure is ether certain or that it can be induced . 
  for all it 's complexity on the micro level , on the macro level geo politics has only two actors . 
  us and them . 
  there is a level of fluidity on the edges , but ultimately you are part of a group or you are it 's enemy . 
  had the uk never joined there would be no issue , but since they did and they very loudly demand the right to leave and claim they would be better off for it , the eu now has an incentive to make the uk fail . 
  they have put them selves in the them camp and any success from within that camp is seen as a threat to the us camp . 
  if the uk leaves and enters a golden age , the eu is likely dead . 
  if however the uk left and failed , it would be seen as proof that the eu is working and successfully preventing the collapse of nations . 
  ha , shows what you know . 
  to you these are the wacky hijinks of a hollywood movie about people discovering the afterlife was real and imeditly monetizing on it , but the movie is actually based on a true story of a russian oligarch who summoned a giant bursht man ( marshmallows were used to better appeal to western audiences ) and kills him with modified flame thrower when the demon dared to tell the russian that putin was not a god . 
  common misconception . 
  who said anything about the eu ? 
  not true . 
  calling them refugees is a blatant lie .
