  since no one would consider a candidate picked by the electors alone as legitimate , they have no real function , but they still exist with no positive use , but still threatening the established order by being able to separate the legal and legitimate commander in chief . 
  basically they do nothing other than having the potential to start another civil war by picking the other candidate . 
  and no , the fact that they 've never done it is in no way an indicator that they never will since it 's more or less one of those things that can only happen once . 
  no sane person would build such a time bomb in to their system . 
  of the total population , not the voting population and even then , 1 % is fucking huge because it represents over 3 million people . 
  the tragedy is , i remember a cnn pannel before the election where some political science proffesor said `` the ec is n't perfect , but it 's still the best electoral system in the world '' and everyone agreed . 
  you ca n't . 
  the system is so intrinsically silly that you ca n't translate it . 
  each department would have at least 3 electors , that 's about it . 
  how many electors for the biggest department ? 
  fuck if anyone knows . 
  does it have more elector than the second largest department ? 
  maybe . 
  could be tied , could be less . 
  do all departments hand out all of their electoral votes to the majority candidate ? 
  maybe . 
  maybe some are split internaly ? 
  if the ec was forgotten and had to be reinvented from scratch , you could try for a million years and not get close to what exists today . 
  forget other places . 
  the us uses pop vote for most elections . 
  it 's the same old deal . 
  it 's idiot reporters not understanding that access to the single market does n't need a `` and free movement of people '' clausebecause access to the single market already includes free movement of people . 
  the issue is the term `` single market '' the words have a general meaning that people understand and a legal meaning that they do n't . 
  you did n't notice that they at no point mentioned not taking free movement off the table ? 
  it 's `` accept free movement and pay us if you want access '', 
  seats are n't important in the uk because you still have that moronic first past the post system . 
  in normal countries a party that get 's 12 % of the vote would get roughly 12 % of the seats . 
  i also do n't really see your point about the netherlands . 
  7-15 % is about what you would expect the size of the far right in any country to be . 
  the dutch far right is not however the same as the far right in other countries since they 're all tailor made to fit their voters . 
  they all got an uptic for generally being anti immigrant durimg the migrant crisis , but take note how that event just went away withoubt much fanfare . 
  this really was it . 
  the far right had their shoot in austria an fell flat . 
  they failed in the netherlands , they 're about to fail in france . 
  if the tories really do win with the predicted margin they can safely tell the fringe to fuck off and negotiate for the brexit deal that they or more accuratly the city wants . 
  even terror is n't enough . 
  there was an attack in the heart of paris the day before round 1 and le pen still did n't get any more votes . 
  the moment has passed . 
  who cares ? 
  there 's a new word for brexiters and the british in general . 
  foreigners . 
  no one cares about foreigners . 
  a leak is n't just any document exposed to the public . 
  it 's specifically a document or peace of information that someone with access released . 
  the reason the difference is important is that the leaker lends credibility to the authenticity of the leak . 
  hacked documents can of course be genuine as well , but are automatically less credible do to the source being a random person who can in no way confirm that anything they have is real . 
  even if this hack was n't littered with fakes , the reason it should n't be called a leak is because a leak implys that some interesting or scandalous information came to light . 
  no one leaks mundane bullshit . 
  it 's a hack and dump . 
  grab as much stuff as you can , dump it online and hope someone finds something interesting . 
  specifically , it 's a hack , dump , smear since the dumper smeared additional bullshit among the emails to fabricate a scandal . 
  here 's the thing . 
  they 'll have to . 
  irland is a fantastic place to invest in only if it 's in the eu . 
  it 's basically offering the best deal to get access to eu markets . 
  the people making up those markets are none to happy with them building up that edge by cheating on taxes . 
  even with unified taxes , ireland still has a big edge do to existing infrastructure and an educated , english speeking workforce . 
  ireland withoubt the eu is an island with a population of 5ish million people . 
  doubtlessly , ireland will negotiate hard for a better position , but i really doubt they want to bring too much attention to the fact that they 're basically taking tax revenue from the rest of the eu members . 
  d : we 're running out of money , we need to buy more cigaretes . 
  m : we 're running out of money , we need to buy more food . 
  both mom and dad proposed that we buy stuff , but you scofded at dad when he said to buy stuff and now you 're praising mom when she says we need to buy stuff . 
  how hipocritical . 
  that 's degrees of bad . 
  2 is the number you need to exeed to be in the black because that 's one kid for each parent . 
  anything lower and it 's just different speeds of trainwrecks . 
  also , demograpgics are n't just about child birth . 
  the uk has benefited from young immigrants entering the workforce . 
  it 's basically like getting a baby that can start work on monday . 
  japan has next to no immigration so they need to relly on actual babies that actually make problems for the working class worse ( do to yet another group of dependants ) for at least 2 decades . 
  it 's all utterly meaningless rethoric . 
  trump was all for putting the uk before the eu when it was just a talking point . 
  when actual money was at stake , fuck talking points . 
  if the uk does well , the japanese pm covered his ass . 
  if it fails and japan does a 180 , what 's the uk going to do ? 
  yeah , that part was funny . 
  there was an old joke about couples from different religions . 
  one week we do n't go to mi church and next week we wo n't go to hers . 
  the answer is blatantly simple . 
  yes , he was a dictator and he killed a lot of people , but he was also the most successful leader of any country in these parts in history by a very large margin . 
  yugoslavia under tito was a global player . 
  he brought in wealth and prestige and by sheer power of personality he managed to become the defacto leader of the unaligned countries . 
  he was the universal middle man . 
  the greatest political power broaker of the modern age . 
  he had the ear of every leader on the planet . 
  while it 's easy to call him an evil dictator , it 's important to contrast the country with him at the helm and with him gone . 
  he was the only thing holding the yugoslavian wars back . 
  maybe you can argue that had he done things differently they could have been prevented , but more likely , had he been kinder or more democratic , the wars would have broken out sooner . 
  when you see a man with a jackboot on his neck it 's natural to feel sympathy , but consider that the man might be a genocidal maniac and the boot might be there for a good reason . 
  they were in dubai , then ran to georgia , then to turkey and are now in spain . 
  it 's nether new , nor european . 
  the fight against tax havens was started back in 2005 by the bush administration and continued by obama . 
  their biggest success so far has been getting switzerland to open it 's books . 
  does n't work that way . 
  sure , in a one on one deal you can do that but here we have 28 parties , all of whom have the ability to say no . 
  the eu ca n't play political games because if we coordinate , it 's all but guaranteed someone will leak and if we do n't the manuver is likely to massively backfire as the scemer fails to see that one huge deal breaker that one country will never back down on . 
  may could have agreed and then called for the election . 
  that 's the issue at hand . 
  if the election had been scheduled or announced in any way , sure . 
  since it was an utterly random , out of no where decision were the ones who get to be pissed at not being afforded the courtesy of getting a pro forma signature on an agreement that no longer impacts the uk .
