well russia was born out of kiev for whatever that is worth . 
   targeting warships with nuclear missiles ? 
  that 's got ta be a waste of resources . 
  it is an interesting claim really . 
  it suggests such a strike would be a preemptive strike on a navel base and not a defensive strike . 
   his kind of rhetoric is dangerous but it is not rhetoric to say moscow is one of the nuke targets of a different country , i have no doubt that moscow is a possible target for every other nuclear armed country in the world . 
  the same goes for every countries capital . 
  please explain to me how this missile defense shield is magically now an offensive system ? 
  do n't let the threats intimidate you denmark . 
  even if your country is not currently a target for russian nukes , your country like every other will be fucked if nukes were ever launched . 
  somehow , i do n't think that is going to happen . 
  while a lot of electronics are made is eastern asia , america still produces a lot of components . 
  so i guess that could have something to do with it . 
  the fuck ? 
  this list is a bunch of bullshit . 
  yeah my grandmother has a bunch of old newspapers that were printed in wisconsin during wwii times to about 6 years after and they all were in german . 
  also strangely it seemed based on those old newspapers there were a ton of people named wolfgang . 
  would probably be a similar number if not higher in the us . 
  the abrams in iraq are a down graded version of the tank . 
  i am more interested in seeming different countries strategy for supplying these main battle tanks . 
  main battle tank supply convoys . 
  the difference other then the engine as pointed out is also that the abrams has had a lot more real world battle testing . 
  so small little things here and there has been changed or upgraded over the years . 
  also the way the abrams is produced and some other military hardware in the us is produced is not very cost effective . 
  basically you have factories all over the us that produce only few parts for the tank per factory . 
  it is a way to insure jobs in many states , while a handful of factories in one or a few state could produce that items for a lot less . 
  also , i do n't know how common it is in tanks but the abrams has a modular engine pack . 
  meaning the engine is very easy to swap out . 
  well most of the cost would be for randd . 
  china is well known for stealing existing military plans and trying to reverse engineer them . 
  on top of that china has a huge manufacturing sector already so the cost to produce will be lowered by that alone . 
  add on top of that the fact that china has a vast reserve of natural resources that are state owned and again lowers the cost . 
   any discussion about which one is significantly better is essentially a military fanboys version of `` my dad can beat up your dad . '', 
  yeah , they have become standardized in a way . 
  much like gaming controllers . 
  there are some variations and some people prefer one over the other but they all are similar . 
  well any traveling battle group of tanks would be followed by a supply convoy . 
  putin 's cult of personality needs an enemy to continue . 
  finland and the other neutral parties in the eu did not sign the mutual defense clause of the lissabon treaty . 
   neutral countries like finland , sweden , austria and ireland reserved right to stay out of that part of lissabon treaty . 
   mutual defence clause [ 1 ]  the treaty of lisbon introduces for the first time a mutual defence clause , specifically binding eu member states . 
  if a member state is the victim of an armed attack on its territory , it can rely on the aid and assistance of the other member states , which are obliged to help . 
   two restrictions moderate this clause :  the mutual defence clause does not affect the security and defence policy of certain member states , specifically those which are traditionally neutral ;  the mutual defence clause does not affect the commitments made under the framework of the north atlantic treaty organization - nato . 
  from a comment above . 
  i think what op is say is that protests like these bring out those that just want to destroy things . 
  well putin did fire his pr firm . 
  but yet somehow reedit is filled with english speaking russian ~ ~ troll army ~ ~ . 
  russian military just seems structured to take on a wwii style war while a lot of other countries military tech . 
  have made that type of battle very unlikely to happen . 
  i understand why russia would do so , it played out well for them in wwii but i am not so sure it would play out well today . 
  by modern i mean a very fast moving battle field in which any large concentration of troops will lead to heavy loses . 
  were tech . 
  has replaced the need of numbers . 
  well to spice it up there was rumors that putin had spinal cancer in 2014 . 
  so if that is true and this post is true it would mean it is a lot more bigger then just a back pain or slipped disc . 
  russia has updated some systems but has neglected others . 
  so in some areas they are outdated in others they are up to date . 
  the biggest thing that sticks out me about their military is that it is not really geared toward what we would call modern warfare and is more geared toward wwii style combat . 
  meaning they still rely on numbers of soldiers more then high tech weapons . 
  that has its pluses and minuses . 
  having a large number of troops makes fighting many fronts easier but also slow down mobility . 
  it is my opinion that russian military would fare well in a defensive role but would suffer greatly is a large offensive war . 
  just like the us military is heavily designed to counter the russian military , the russian military is deigned to counter the us military . 
  however the style of warfare the us has fallen into ( modern warfare ) is a lot different then it use to be and russia has not really made changes to address that . 
  i mention this because the changing in tactics on the part of the us also leads to changes among nato countries and effects how russians military would stack up against others . 
  last year there was rumors he has spinal cancer . 
  according to the iron sky : the coming race movie trailers both putin and hitler are reptilian aliens that want to destroy the world . 
  even if he is not dead , it will still happen one day . 
  those that live in russia should ask themselves what will happen when putin does die , what comes next ,, 
  translation of article : 816,774 what happened to russian president vladimir putin ? 
  network persistent rumors up booty theories about what happened to the russian president apparently unseen in public for 8 days . 
  in recent days , rumors according to which his health deteriorated putin - but moscow rejected the claims and published pictures of him allegedly held a meeting today . 
  report : kremlin is expected to dramatically proclaiming the question asked in recent days millions of people in the world 's largest - after every leader can `` vladimir putin , not seen in public for a long time . 
  because of her `` disappearance '' mysterious , rushed to reject the claims , the kremlin said that putin acts and conduct meetings according to the schedule routine of his . 
  this morning the russian television broadcast videos of putin met with the chief justice in moscow , allegedly held a meeting today . 
  was not even sure it was a meeting held today or in the last days . 
  network , a number of theories according to which putin , 62 , was dismissed , he went to switzerland to watch the birth of his daughter from rumors spread that she was his partner , former confronting alina kabaeva - or even dead . 
  ukraine , located in a bloody war with russia , produced a video of children `` look '' putin was abducted by aliens . 
  putin last seen 8 days ago tweeter network turbulent past few days since spread rumors - and tagging #putinumer ( `` putin dead '' ) starred in a variety of tweets published on the topic . 
  a special website was opened to `` advise '' users how to prepare for a situation in which a leader who is considered perhaps the strongest in the world , passed away prematurely . 
  the last time was in public seems putin 8 days ago , on 5 march , at a press conference with italian prime minister . 
  since then , putin has rejected a number of meetings planned for him - among other things with the presidents of belarus , kazakhstan and south ossetia . 
  putin 's spokesman , dmitry pskov , categorically denied the rumors and told the reuters news agency reporters : `` it 's not funny , said hundreds '' of times the president 's condition is good and is functioning properly . 
  he is getting old , he is 62 . 
  people in that age range do unexpectedly die . 
   no ones gon na have an entire vacation based on having `` irish blood '' my grandmother does . 
  my grandmother in on of them . 
  she is half german and half irish . 
  she goes to ireland about once every 2 or 3 years . 
   do n't count on it . 
  this article really underestimates how little americans give a shit about traveling . 
  we give a shit about traveling . 
  our whole road system is build on the idea of travel so are our towns and cities . 
  however america is so big there is little incentive to travel out side of the us . 
  when we do our first choices are canada , mexico or some caribbean country . 
   i 've lived in both the southern us and the northeast . 
  this is very cheap by nyc standards , but actually pretty normal by southern standards just about everywhere in the us that is not one of the top 10 biggest cities is cheap . 
  i use to live in la crosse wi 10 years ago . 
  the city has a pop . 
  of around 50,000 but is merged with anther city that has around 20,000 people .
