  the american echo chamber is truly remarkable . 
  not only did nk not do it but the current hack was caused by the us stock piling vulnerabilities then getting those vulnerabilities hacked and it leaking out to the world . 
  but sure , the bogeyman nk did it . 
  sure but can any of those leaders match the death the us caused in iraq , let alone its other adventures combined . 
  let 's be honest they 're leading the world in green technology and investment whilst trump is a climate change denier promising to bring back coal . 
  how many civilians has orban , maduro or `` jinping '' ( xi is his family name ) killed since 2000 ? 
  cos the us/uk killed nigh on 1 million iraqis shepherds and farmers , half a million afghanis farmers and shephards , is currently fueling a civil war in syria by funding ~ ~ jihadis ~ ~ `` moderate rebels '' and fueling a famine in yemen by supporting the saudis who are bombing their food production . 
  show me exactly what the above 3 have done that is even 1/10 as evil as what the us/uk have been a part of . 
  give it 5 years and americas biggest health care provider will be gofundme . 
  yes . 
  it 's shit compared to melanchons and i doubt 1 in 6 of what it says will be implemented . 
  yeah super left . 
  said he was on a mission from god and then murdered nigh on a million iraqi shepherds and farmers with his lefty pal george dubya . 
  he was so in bed with the murdoch 's he literally shagged murdoch 's wife . 
  another lefty media mogul . 
  the lefts slogans of no gods no masters and workers of the world unite he took very seriously !, 
  fine but macron is a thatcherite . 
  he 'll continue what 's been going on since thatcher . 
  hacking up workers rights , empowering profit over people and capital over local cultures . 
  the last time le pen got into the second round with a smaller margin you famously had the socialists putting pegs on their noses to vote for the lesser evil . 
  trump and brexit should be a big indictment for the lesser evil . 
  i 'm not adding much really besides saying i could n't vote for macro if you paid me . 
  exactly . 
  that kind of low common denominator trash food makes people trashy, 
  yes . 
  you literally drift off their statistics because you 're considered as no longer `` looking for work '' . 
  the official unemployment statistics in most developed countries ( that now use this model ) is about 6-7 percent higher if you class '' unemployed '' as actually unemployed and not `` no longer looking for work because your benefit has run out or you 've given up or become an addict/drunk '', 
  that 's exactly how it works . 
  if you 're not claiming benefit ( ie . 
  given up ) you 're no longer counted . 
   and touches the lawmaker with his knife . 
  that 's an interesting spelling of stabbed . 
   he crawled onto a stage in order to hold his may day speech saying `` i have been stabbed , but more is needed to silence us . '', 
  that 's the spirit comrade , 
  7/8 german soldiers killed on the eastern front and losing 14 percent of the russian population . 
  what russia achieved was incredible . 
  destroyed by the russians ? 
  the russians lost 14 percent of their population in world war 2 . 
  i 'd call it a pyhrric victory if hitlers plan was n't to commit genocide on the slavs and have them as slaves for the german master race . 
  off the top of my head for the uk : cameron sent round government heavies to smash guardian hard drives with info they received from snowden . 
  1995 standford university study saying coops are more productive https://www.brookings.edu/wp-content/uploads/1995/01/1995_bpeamicro_craig.pdf leeds university study saying coops are more productive https://www.uk.coop/resources/what-do-we-really-know-about-worker-co-operatives, 
  here 's a brilliant 7 mins of him talking with subs . 
  nothing to do with institutionalised inequality ? 
  we 're supposed to cheer while the south of europe goes down the toilet ? 
  china fully support the eu xi jin ping recently said the eu is a super power but pretends its not . 
  he also urged cameron to remain in the eu . 
  thats quite the encouragement from the chinese . 
  35 mil aint tiny but theres japanese and chinese cities with larger populations . 
  thats self determination rather than nationalism though . 
  english nationalism was heavily wrapped up in white supremacy and saw irish people as a lesser race . 
  i 'm genuinely not surprised the irish saw self determination something to strive for . 
  i 'm surprised you 're for nationalism given what english nationalism has done to your country . 
  theres a big big difference between scottish nationalism and english nationalism . 
  the latter borders on fascism and the former is self determination . 
  catalan nationalism is inclusive ( ie . 
  they arent beating up foreigners like english or american nationalists are ) they just want self determination . 
  because nationalism is shit and the best countries in the world have tiny populations ( iceland , scandinavia , canada , australia ) . 
  once a population accepts some kind of over reaching centralisation of power it all goes to shit . 
  the country ends up robbed of its wealth paying for war . 
  look at the usa or uk . 
  as someone fanatical about democracy . 
  why not ? 
  why cant towns or villages organise in their interests ? 
  all power to the catalans !, 
  dictatorship ? 
  on the contrary i think we 're going to have to introduce much more democracy into our lives . 
  most importantly in corporations which currently are run like mini dictatorships . 
  the people who work in them should operate on 1 worker 1 vote as opposed to a ceo elected by a board of directors ( typically 6-12 majority shareholders ) who operate on 1 share 1 vote . 
  and if you can buy a million shares you get a million votes . 
  the workers will then decide everything democratically . 
  no more ceo offshoring work to china or india to skirt labour protection laws and environental laws then getting it shippped back 1000 miles on a tugboat that pollutes the ocean . 
  they 'll decide democratically what to produce , how to produce it , where to produce , what chemicals to produce their products with etc. 
  you think a democratic enterprise will use pollutants that foul the air and water where they live ? 
  where their children have to breathe and drink etc. 
  you think they 'll attempt wage theft of their fellow workers like so many capitalist enterprises do ? 
  we have 60 years of farming left before the top soil turns to dust . 
  if you think the refugee crisis last few years was a one off event you 're going to be in for a shock . 
  that 's the future . 
  millions on the move as their lands turn to dust . 
  ( 1 ) http://world.time.com/2012/12/14/what-if-the-worlds-soil-runs-out/ all because of capitalisms faillings and corporate greed at spending 100 years of the most well funded and connected people on the planet pumping out climate change denial propaganda . 
  he 's a pessimist which is unfortunate ... but for any change to happen some kind of revolution is going to have to happen if the planet is n't going to spiral into a uninhabitable venus type weather system . 
  good for you . 
  i prefer germany . 
  we exchanged the german empire where we had a say to an american one . 
  when they next invade the sea we 'll be right beside those fucking muppets , shooting at waves . 
  you realise you 're a `` euro '' right ? 
  kosovo was as illegal as it gets . 
  they wanted to sever the country off serbia to weaken serbia/ex yugoslava . 
  only 45 percent of the world recognises the state of kosovo which should tell you just how criminal natos involvement was . 
  american with an english flag ? 
  1 ) which is the only nation in natos history to trigger article 5 and then every other nato country had to send soldiers to die in the me ? 
  oh wait that was the usa, 
  it was standard nato involvement . 
  kill loads of innocent people then privatise the major industry in the country and sell it to american `` entrepreneurs '', 
  send the russian hooligans to give them a hiding, 
  well i agree . 
  dont get me wrong when your country goes to invade the sea we 'll be right beside you like the fucking idiots that make up the uk is . 
  course it does . 
  most popular paper in the uk is the sun followed by thr daily mail . 
  as bad as that is its still quite a stretch from putting an open climate denier as pm/president,
