  a lot of homes in kensington have been empty for 10 years + like the americans , the british think they 're temporarily embarrassed millionaires and when they `` get theirs '' they 'll be able to fuck over everyone else and why they would support the right for houses to remain empty for years on end . 
  it is deeply engrained in british culture due to cold war era propaganda, 
  i mean it absolutely is . 
  look at all the current crisis in the uk and greed and selfishness is behind . 
  a housing crisis while there 's 10x more empty houses than homeless people . 
  truly the pinnacle of `` fuck you i got mine '' . 
  deeply ingrained in anglo culture ( i live here i know ) . 
  this is all part of their `` fuck you i got mine '' culture . 
  they go and be guests in another country then try to scan them once they 're back home . 
  same reason trump pulled out of the pitiful paris accord ( was n't even legally binding ) . 
  a culture of greed and selfishness . 
  british people are sneaky trash and the ones going to mallorca are the trashiest . 
  the only more gross people are americans but at least they 'll tip . 
  blatant fraud op, 
  can trump be impeached or arrested for the sexual assault he 's committed so we can look less ridiculous ? 
  cheers, 
  that saying actually was to make fun of conservative thinkers to highlight how absurd it is to lift yourself out of poverty ( if you pull up your bootstraps the only thing that will happen is you 'll fall over ) . 
  somewhere along the line the conservatives forgot the origin and thought it was actually a motivational phrase . 
  you could change out russia for uk in this article and still be bang on the money . 
  british people are so servile to monarchy and liberalism even as it ruins their livelihoods . 
  seemingly normal people regurgitate british propaganda like fucking parrots ( `` eu 's bendy bananas '' , `` moderate rebels in syria need funding '' , '' we need to destroy iraq/libya/yemen cos wmds and terrorists '' , `` we need to curtail your civil and human rights cos of terrorists while we fund saudi arabia - the mother ship of terrorism '' ) . 
  that said this is written by a russian liberal . 
  liberalism has never taken hold in russia and i would imagine hearing from non liberals they would have a very different view . 
  corbyn at least looks like a negotiator you can have a conversation with . 
  according to nicola sturgeon she turns up to private conversations with a pre-ordained script . 
   `` you literally go into a one-to-one with her and it 's like she 's reading from a script than having a conversation . '' https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/jun/06/nicola-sturgeon-says-difficult-theresa-may-will-struggle-with-brexit-talks that 's not negotiation let alone skilled negotiation and why she 's been saying `` no deals is better than a bad deal '' . 
  except `` no deal '' * is * a deal and it 's the worst possible deal . 
  that 's frankly disingenuous . 
  humanitarian intervention has been used time and time again as a justification for imperialism . 
  meanwhile the congo is ignored , decade on decade because its already completely part of the global capitalist system and produces the coltan that 's in your pocket : despite the warlords , the child miners and the endless death . 
  i 'm all for criticising castro if its done under a context of constructive debate rather than a wedge to be used to justify overthrowing the cuban government so a western backed dictator will acquiesce private corporations for the united states, 
  my own countries last prime minister said `` its no longer enough to say if you obey the law we will leave you alone '' . 
  my countries current pm has vowed to scrap human rights . 
  all the while the uks human rights record has been appalling via the imperialism in iraq , afghanistan and libya . 
  literally responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths and have committed to a torture program with the americans with gulags setup in poland , lithuania , egypt , romania as part of the uss '' rendition '' program . 
  we have secret police infiltrating badger culling groups and green activist groups . 
  some of the secret police had relationships with activists , got them pregnant then disappeared when the activists were no longer useful prompting those women to say they felt like they were '' raped by the state '' . 
  i love human rights . 
  i just think they should be applied at home before attempting `` regime change '' for `` humanitarian intervention '' while human rights back home are so fucking appalling . 
  because whenever regime change is done it seems to be where geopolitical interest is and not where human rights abuses is taking place . 
  the congo is a fucking disaster with 20 million dead over last few decades . 
  yet literally nothing is said of it because its firmly a part of the global capitalist system and providing the coltan that 's in your pocket . 
  that must be why most cubans hate castro . 
  oh wait they loved him because prior to him the country was an illiterate capitalist dictatorship shithole used by middle class americans to coke and gamble and fuck desperate cuban prostitutes . 
  they have a higher literacy rate under castro than the us , a lower infant mortality rate than the us , provide education for doctors for the third world and were the only nation at the forefront of the ebola crisis by sending their men and women to help africans . 
  all while under the brutal embargo of the united states . 
  its funny seeing people swallow propaganda whole . 
  let me guess you thought the iraq war was justified in 2003 like 53 percent of the uk did ? 
  wage growth turned negative in q1 this year . 
  i provided the article that says that . 
  its not my fault you struggle with reading comprehension, 
  no the three sources i provided show enough evidence for me to be right . 
  so , no . 
  `` also said that wages were still falling in the third quarter of 2013 . . '' `` this makes it difficult to conclude that there has yet been a break from the trend of falling wage growth '' article written in 2014 a newer one is this ft one with a fascinating chart of the uk being the only developed country in its category of falling wage growth * while * the economy grows . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/83e7e87e-fe64-11e6-96f8-3700c5664d30 her legacy is a poorer , more divided and unequal society and every serious economic chart reflects that, 
  apologies . 
  it was 50 years http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-25977678 http://www.scotsman.com/news/uk/wage-levels-fall-for-longest-period-in-50-years-1-3289748 http://cep.lse.ac.uk/pubs/download/cp422.pdf, 
  none of that is really true though . 
  the saudis flexed their economic muscle by bringing the west to a standstill by stopping oil flows to the uk . 
  she presided over what amounted to destroying unions ( the unions we have today are toothless ) and making workers lives more precarious . 
  real wages ( adjusted for inflation and purchasing power ) have n't risen since her coming to power 40 years ago . 
  the consequences of her actions were a poorer society who 's public services were inferior . 
  a generation doing worse than their parents is the definition of a country in decline and each successive generation has been worse off since she was in power . 
  this right wing manta of `` rising tides lifts all boats '' is nonsense and should be thoroughly discredited by now, 
  it 's a huge game of chicken if you 're both driving the same vehicles . 
  the us , russia and canada and probably even france and germany could survive a nuclear war . 
  the uk with it 's highly density population and fuck all land mass does not have the landmass to survive a nuclear war . 
  russia/us/canada could regroup their population into different parts of their country even if say washington/moscow and st petersburg/new york were completely wiped out . 
  the game of chicken you describe is not a car and a car colliding . 
  it is a ten tonn truck and a moped . 
   south east you mean where the majority of the population , industry and economy is ? 
   drop 3 or 4 . 
  they have over 1700 operational . 
  its a moot point coupled with the fact that someone nuking the uk is pure fantasy . 
  retaliatory is nonsense though . 
  you can drive from the coast of west england to east england in 6 hours . 
  from the coast of brighton to the scottish border in 8 hours . 
  one of russia 's bigger nukes will wipe out the entire of south england . 
  the uk can fit in some of the bigger us lakes and we do n't have the land mass to survive 1 of russia 's biggest nukes let alone multiple ones . 
  i mean everybody is a loser in nuclear war but the uk is one of the biggest losers . 
  the survivors will be evacuating an inhospitable land . 
  retaliatory strikes at that point seem like a moot point . 
  not per capita . 
  they use less energy per person by far compared to europeans or north americans . 
  and most of their pollution comes from industry western capitalists moved there for cheap labour . 
  also they without doubt contribute the most to green energy . 
  she truly is the gift that keeps on giving . 
  smashing labour and trade unions to discipline workers . 
  increase workers insecurity ( like what was done under thatcher and reagan ) . 
  deregulation of most industry and any public industry sold into private enterprise . 
  education was free in the uk until recent decades . 
  the nhs was public until parts started being sold off . 
  another tactic neoliberals do is called starve the beast where they deliberately underfund public services so they can say `` look this failing we need to privatise '' . 
  liberals were called laissez-faire in the 1800s ( let the market be ) and neoliberals also believe in the loving invisible hand of the free market . 
  monsanto blog lol, 
  looking at jail time in a country he 's never even set foot on for creating a distribution service that was a huge contribution to mankind . 
  the most effective way to distribute digital goods is torrents . 
  no costly data centres with thousands of pounds worth of equipment needing 24 \\ 7 air conditioning units . 
  no plastic crap needing to be created that fouls our air to create then fouls our oceans when it ends up there . 
  torrents is the most efficient way to distribute digital goods and even when study after study shows torrent users spend the most on digital goods they continue to throw people in jail because the corporate media monopolies have an army of lawyers to corrupt our judicial systems and enforce their outdated , shitty business model on the world .
