  zero . 
  does corbyn hold any power over venezuela ? 
  no and he opposite : does venezuela hold any power in the uk ? 
  let 's try saudi arabia who are pushing 7 million people into famine and starvation . 
  do the tories hold power over sa ? 
  yes . 
  they sell them weapons and arms . 
  do sa hold power over the uk ? 
  yes , they 're the biggest sponsor of terrorism on uk soil . 
  which has worse human rights records ? 
  well they 're about to behead 14 pro democracy protestors . 
  couple in the 7 million pushed to starvation and i 'm gon na go with sa, 
  we 're up voting rhatcherite think tanks are we ? 
  `` venice whaler venice whaler '' . 
  pathetic . 
  while the tories finance the saudis that are causing a famine for 7 million in yemen by bombing food production facilities , factories and farms using british arms . 
  hell even the us deployed soldiers there recently . 
  but we need to hammer corbyn on support for a country that has fuck all to do with the uk , fuck all influence over the uk and no ones life is affected . 
  meanwhile saudi arabia are the biggest sponsors or uk terrorism on british soil . 
  pathetic . 
  i 've travelled for work and actually lived in various countries whilst ingratiating with the locals for years at a time . 
  my children speak spanish/chinese etc. 
  i 've travelled loads and lived all over . 
  that 's different to being a tourist who has no intention of adding anything to an area . 
  they just flock to whatever site and trample all over the locals 18 million visited catalonia this year . 
  how is that sustainable ? 
  there are more americans in iceland than the entire population during peak seasons . 
  it is turning the world into a theme park where the dominant cultures just fly to wherever they like and make the locals dance for their food, 
  tourists are scum and let 's be honest they ruin lives and displace people, 
  i do n't share your optimism . 
  the government has lost 5 percent of its held territory this year after obamas push just shortly before he left then trumps push this year . 
  afghanistan , from a geopolitical point of view for the americans , has been an utter failure and i guarantee when they get tired throwing good money after bad the taliban will rule there . 
  it is as pointless as when the soviets tried to run it http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/interactive/2016/08/afghanistan-controls-160823083528213.html, 
  this is a hilarious comment . 
  the president of afghanistan in reality is just the mayor of kabul . 
  the taliban rule there and they have since the invasion outside of downtown kabul . 
  american generals have started saying what british generals have been saying for years `` for any kind of lasting peace they 're going to have to sit down with the taliban '' . 
  the americans and have british have spent trillions in afghanistan only to create a small war economy that will disintegrate the second the us pulls out completely . 
  and when they do the taliban will come back down from the mountains and reclaim kabul, 
  it 's trollish that people do n't have running water or sewage in their country yet have billions for fighter jets . 
  he quit because it was untenable for him to stay on . 
  it 's like the higher ups who get caught banging the secretary at work and are told they `` have to quit '', 
  all the politicians worth their salt are long dead in the ground . 
  their basic fear is that the uk government ca n't be that incompetent bthey must have something up their sleeve . 
  this is a cabinet that includes boris johnson who once tried to get a journalist beaten up . 
  theresa may who managed to blow a 20 point lead and force her into coalition with right wing extremists/terrorist sympathisers, 
  nah they 're just evil, 
  cliches are cliches for a reason and the obesity epidemic gripping the world also exists for a reason, 
   bask in their diabetes and diabetes induced erectile dysfunction ftfy, 
  great post . 
  beggars belief people are cheering this on so the us can further act regime change in syria/libya/yemen / venezuela, 
  this really is n't the way . 
  nato as an institution is completely owned by the us . 
  all the higher ups are american . 
  it 's americas arm for legitimising itself as global police . 
  as someone else pointed out , there 's a reason the yanks have been asking for an increase for god knows how long . 
  given we now have land routes for trade with china further ingratiating ourselves into the us is not particularly a good idea . 
  the eu needs federalism and it 's own army to be an independent power in the world . 
  the fact the eu considers the us an ally after electing an alt right , twitter troll manchild beggars belief . 
  over the next few years the us could quite easily end up in a land war with north korea and defacto be fighting china . 
  the eu federalises or dies . 
  globalists wo n't be happy until we 're all eating that disgusting neon plastic cheese , a mcdonald 's and a litre of that gross coffee from starbucks in a styrofoam cup, 
  some of us , i assume , are good people . 
  the coltan in your pocket is mined in the congo by congolese children under the threat of violence of warlords . 
  your clothes are stitched in bangladesh by people who routinely die in factory fires . 
  the prawns in your food are fished . 
  by burmese slaves who are pumped full of amphetamine so they can work 24 hours and murdered for disobedience . 
  i agree we should n't be dealing with criminals . 
  i 'm however quite happy to sacrifice a lot of the cheap crap that arrives on our shelves . 
  are you ? 
  i watched leviathan a while back ( russian film ) and i felt like it was a step into the russian mind . 
  the basic premise is that a mayor is trying to force a man out of his home to build a telecommunications mast when kolya ( the owner ) believes he just wants to build a private villa on his land . 
  his lawyer friend from moscow comes to help fight the legal case and ends up having an affair with kolyas wife . 
  the mayors thugs take the lawyer out to the middle of nowhere and carry out a mock execution . 
  with kolya finding out about the affair his lawyer friend goes back to moscow . 
  falling into alcoholism he visits the local orthodox priest asking `` whyvis god doing this to me ? '', 
  who tells him `` when job accepted his fate he was rewarded by god with a long happy life . 
  a few days later his wife goes missing and turns up dead . 
  the police arrest him for the rape and murder of his wife . 
  the mayor is informed of his sentence and gloats '' he should n't have stood up to me '' . 
  the end scene is in the lavish orthodox church built on kolyas land , a sermon being done by the now bishop ( former priest ) with the mayor in attendance extolling the virtues of gods truths and good intentions do not excuse evil acts . 
  anyway that film , like this article , seems to give a good insight into the russian psyche . 
  agreed . 
  video is cack but one hundred percent worth it cos there 's enough salt in here to cure a ton of beef . 
  lmao raising nurses wages is political . 
  changing ownership of a company is political . 
  raising awareness against pollution or buying plastic bottles is political boycotting a company for environmental or workers safety reasons is political . 
  microeconomics is as politically motivated as macroeconomics . 
  i suggest you practise reading for comprehension and taking an economy 101 do you see how you 're wrong now ? 
  you asked for micro economics you fucking retard . 
  changing the structure and ownership of a single company is an example of microeconomics . 
  that is political . 
  you claimed microeconomics is not political - you fucking retard . 
  do you struggle to read for comprehension or follow your own arguements ? 
  you asked for micro economics you fucking retard . 
  changing the structure and ownership of a single company is an example of microeconomics . 
  that is political . 
  you claimed microeconomics is not political - you fucking retard, 
  i just gave you a marxist example of microeconomics . 
  turning a corporation into a worker run cooperative .
