i mean i disagree . 
  if you look at how he described the relation of constant pressure from capital on labour he would take one look at how the capitalists smashed the unions and in the 80s under thatcher and reagan then spent the next 35 years dismantling labour rights . 
  i think he 'd take one look at that and he 'd be happy with his analysis ( but disgusted at capitalism ) . 
  also his work on dialectics and historical materialism is still relevant today . 
  it is truly incredible though . 
  once you get passed the dry writing which is occasionally livened up with references to shakespeare/greek mythology etc : the way he takes apart capitalism , shows you how this component relates to commodities , how that component relates to labour , labour power , capital , ficticious capital etc. 
  it is like watching someone take apart a watch and explain in explicit detail how it relates to the next cog . 
  it changed my life honestly . 
  it does take a bit of persistence to get through but i feel it was one of most enjoyable reads once i 'd gotten used to the dry writing . 
  us created isis by imprisoning the most fundamental and intelligent jihadis in one spot , allowing them to communicate and thrive like gangs in your shitty prisons . 
  that and your wholesale murder of over a million people in iraq andd all the gulags you set up for muslims lit dynamite under islamic fundamentalism . 
  so yes its partially the fault of the us whenever anyone sees what a us led nato has done to the me for their oil execs, 
  let me clarify as i think theres a miscomprehension here . 
  i think the american reaction to the french saying why it would be such a disaster was the biggest display of collective stupidity i have ever witnessed . 
  their anti french sentiment during that was disgraceful . 
  pouring french wine down the gutter and freedom fries being the icing on the moron cake . 
  i think the americans are so easily susceptible to propaganda and have been on the wrong side of history for some time now . 
  i think the french reaction was the correct one and was disappointed with my country for siding with the yanks so enthusiastically . 
  just as i 'm disappointed my country is siding with them again . 
  but i 've long come to believe if the americans invade the sea we 'll be right next to them . 
  ha remember when last time the french did this the yanks started organising big protests where american businesses poured french wine into their gutters en masse . 
  those fuckers never learn http://www.wnd.com/2003/03/17588/, 
  says you . 
  the last supposed chem attack turned out to be the rebels gassing their own people to bring the usa in . 
  i wouldnt be surprised if this one turns out to be another false flag by the terrorists . 
  if the syrian government did do it i want it authorised by independant un inspectors . 
  not fox news and their biggest fan in the white house http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/russia-says-syrian-rebel-chemical-weapons-responsible-khan-sheikhoun-deaths-1615426 send in un weapons inspectors and we 'll out that heartbreaking testimony of nariyah saying saddams forces in 1990s were ripping babies out of incubators and dashing them against the wall was fake and that she was the niece of a kuwait ambassador . 
  that was of course popularised and propagandised by the septic-tanks as casus bellis for gulf war 1 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/nayirah_ ( testimony ) send in the inspectors and we 'll find out saddam has no wmds or chemical weapons and as tony blair made famous doesnt have the capacity to strike the uk in 45 minutes . 
  yeah assad is desperate enough to piss off the entire world by using chem weapons after winning military victory after military victory in syria . 
  he 's retaken all the major cities that make up the most important western structure of syria but suddenly wants to piss the world off by using chem weapons . 
  use your fucking noggin m8 . 
  assad has the overwhelming support of the majority of syria . 
  russia has been asked by the secular , legitimate government of syria to enter their soil . 
  the us has not been asked , has no un mandate and is funding `` moderate rebels '' ( tm ) like al nusra ( an offshoot of al qaeda ) . 
  fuck the us . 
  and similarly fuck the uk for siding with them . 
  no i hate america and everything they stand for . 
  sure , assad is desperate enough to use chem weapons after winning military victory after military victory in syria and retaking every major syrian city . 
  he 's winning but then decides to piss off the entire world by using chem weapons . 
  and iraq has wmds . 
  but most brits dont give a shit and those that do are marginalised . 
  strap in lads cos americans are going full retard again on the wrong side of history and freedom fries is back on the menu . 
  and we 'll be right beside them , invading the sea . 
  i urge all muslims and brown folk to find safety by getting to europe/north america by any means necessary as thats only where you can be safe from imperialism ( despite the rampant racism i mean ) . 
   that still does n't change the fact that calling people comrade is making yourself appear to be one of the negative stereotypes that you despise an * american * stereotype that people despise . 
  you 're american not norweigian . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that but to pretend the us has ever had any long standing successful legacy of socialism is deeply wrong . 
  the mccarthy era ( where you could merely be arrested for being a socialist and put on show trials by mccarthy ) rooted that out branch and all from the us . 
  it 's why the us is currently going through another red terror but this time instead of the commies it 's russians . 
   usually what ends it is that they move on from their rebellious phase . 
  except for all the nations that have socialist parties running the country : france , greece to name 2 . 
  and i should append my language because american political ignorance boils socialism down to mccarthy era soviet union caricatures ? 
  so you 're entire political life is american . 
  good to know , i 'm not surprised . 
  the answer is an emphatic no : we were using it long before the su was established and we 'll continue to use it long , long after the su had fallen . 
  probably cos you 're american ( no offence ) and the only socialists in america are edgy college types wearing che shirts in their first year of uni . 
  i say first year because by the 2nd they 're apathetic what with the choices of hilary `` i came he saw he died '' clinton and that orange faced sex offender reality tv demagogue . 
  my point is i dont find it cringey and neither do the established socialist groups across the world . 
  yes is the short answer . 
  its a long socialist tradition that i actually quite enjoy is the long one . 
  you mean when the german socdems betrayed the working class and the world by voting for war credits in world war 1 , allowing one of the worst events in history of industrialised slaughter to take place . 
  or when the socdems stopped the communists gaining powerin germany which paved the way for fascism and they ended up thrown in camps or murdered alongside the commies anyway ? 
  you get extremists in any political movement though and tankies are a rare breed . 
  the cpusa is basically fbi informers , the cpgb is the same and most tankies on the continent are hopelessly marginalised . 
  i wouldnt worry about them . 
  hey comrade . 
  as a fellow comrade i 'd like to point out no one gives a shit about freedom or democracy whilst their society cant even provide absolute basics to the working class - a roof over your head , decent education and stable employment . 
  russian capitalism like western capitalism is failing in this regard whilst homelessness skyrockets . 
  in the uk we have 10 empty homes for every homeless family . 
  now i 'm not saying tankies or fascists are really any authoritarian is `` ok '' : i 'm just saying theres a reason for these people reaching ( imo wrong ) a wrong conclusion . 
  really my only point is that if a society cant deliver the absolute basics people turn to authoritarianism whether its left or right . 
  we see that with trump/putin and in obvious historical examples . 
  authoritarianism is a conclusion of capitalist failure . 
  at the end of the day though if the tankies are at the forefront of putting a bullet in the head of private property i 'll hold my nose and i 'll side with them rather than liberals or soc dems when economic collapse eventually happens . 
  the liberals and socdems have always historically sided with the fascists whether it be in germany , austria , poland and literally sat by and watch us be exterminated so they can hold onto their corrupt oligarcic system . 
  first they came for the jews and i said nothing . 
  then they came for the communists and i said nothing etc. 
  i dont really care . 
  i just find east euro saltiness over red army occupation hilarious . 
  you get whitewashed in western media because you `` switched sides '' after 1991but dont delude yourself . 
  the ussr had every right to occupy eastern europe . 
  feel free to put whatever words you like in my mouth mate if it makes you happy and turns you on , that 's you 're problem . 
  your ancestors without a doubt deserved to be occupied by the red army though . 
  lmao as if poles were better than the bulgs . 
  http://www.timesofisrael.com/new-book-examines-poles-who-killed-jews-during-wwii/ the whole of eastern europe swallowed the anti semitic tripe propaganda germans were pumping out . 
  the red army did the a world a favour by defacto occupying half of germany and the nazi collaborators that were the eastern states . 
  perhaps bulgaria should n't have signed up to the tripartite pact and become nazi collaborators . 
  lets be honest the red army had to teach you some civility . 
  so they 're brainwashed then ? 
  anyone dumb enough to pick up the daily mail or sun or times and not view it as the corrupt capitalist propaganda it is should be forcibly sterilised imho . 
  to be fair most british people are shit . 
  just dumb enough to put them on pedestals by electing them, 
  why ? 
  the eu is shit that knowingly has destroyed greece with policies that are unsustainable and they know are unsustainable . 
  good luck at the next economic downturn when that bomb goes off . 
  him and tony benn and the rest of the leftists have been against the eu for 30 years . 
  he just had to show he was luke warm to appease the londoners ( who dont make up a majority in this country . 
  most labour constituents are pro brexit so why should he even pretend to like the eu . 
  federalise , steal scotland and embargo rest of uk ( except ni ) . 
  how many lives are affected directly by corbyn for a few years ago praising chavez who was using oil profits for welfare programs and lifrig thousands out of bangladeshi style slums ?
