  that is quite political , the reason most contemporary marxists advocate and why capitalists have diluted democracy at the work place since the 70s and built up more opaque institutions that are fun like little fiefdoms, 
  rubbish . 
  you chose to get rid of the corporation as it 's institution and implement a worker cooperative enterprise run by 1 worker 1 vote instead of shareholder corporations run by 1 share 1 vote and there you go : an example of microeconomics which is marxist, 
  economics is inherently political . 
  you can not separate the two . 
  neoliberal who gutted welfare in the united states and threw an entire black generation against the wall with his crime bill whilst using his presidency to enrich his family via pretty much out and out corruption by sucking corporate dick says globalisation is `` natural '' in shock turn of events, 
  i read down to this comment and feel like i lost brain cells, 
  ghaddaffis libya was the most successful african country . 
  it had a high standard of living and the government paid it 's citizens to be taught abroad in western universities . 
  france overthrew ghaddafi because ghaddafi had plans to unify africa under a gold diner currency and the country is now overrun with islamists . 
  it 's not really civilisational if you keep using your army to beat a continent for hundreds of years . 
  everything you purchase under capitalism has blood and violence all over it . 
  you can not boycott all the companies that are known to use child/slave or unethical practices . 
  let alone boycott the ones that are yet to be disclosed or have investigative journalists reveal their behaviour . 
  the coltan in your pocket was mined by children under the threat of congolese war lords . 
  the prawns in your food farmed by burmese slaves . 
  the products from china made from wage slavery and the clothes on your back from indian sweatshops . 
  to the coffee in your cup stolen out from under the african farmer . 
   capitalism will disappear is quite naive . 
  now that is a naive statement . 
  nothing lasts forever . 
  least of all socio-economi political systems . 
  primitive communism was overthrown by feudalism or slave systems . 
  feudalism and monarchy was usurped by capitalism ( in some cases overnight as they killed every royal in france for example ) . 
  capitalism has a shelf life i 'm afraid . 
  because people who conceive of a post capitalist society do n't want smart phones . 
  we all want to live in caves making clothes from our bodily fluids and hair . 
  personally i 'd like to be able to use a smart phone where the coltan wasnt mined by a 10 year old in the congo under the threat of violence . 
  i suppose under slavery you would have said `` ha you ca n't criticise slavery , your cotton shirt was picked by slaves ! '', 
  this tired trope needs to die . 
  you ca n't really live under capitalism and live ethically . 
  everything you touch ( from the indian clothes to the prawns in your food ) has been laboured under the threat of violence . 
  it 's not utopian to want to move past that . 
  if they 're in their late 20s with no employment and living at home they realise they 've fundamentally been missed by . 
  they will not have the chance to own a home , have children or even cultivate a marriage . 
  as you said ( though in a derogatory way i will use it here in a realist way ) they have become overgrown teenagers , cheated out of a chance at the basics in life . 
  ( having a home , marriage , children ) . 
  i mean sure they could have children anyway but their economic situation would be fractious on even the best of marriages and they know their children will probably be poorer and worse off than they are . 
  29 percent of then have university education 's and still think violence is acceptable ( because they know despite achieving university education they will not have the fundamentals in life allowing them to `` progress '' as human beings ) . 
  i ca n't really blame them tbh . 
  they are outside the bubble , not even able to get on the grind . 
  given that most of them are men they will struggle to be in any economical situation to have a lasting partnership . 
  and i completely disagree . 
  lgbt rights are n't western values . 
  it was only 20 years ago the uk invoked section 28 and gay rights were n't exactly a corner stone in the us either only a few decades ago . 
  western rights i find , frankly more valuable , are habeas corpus , the right to a fair trial , to be read your rights when you 're arrested , right to a lawyer etc. 
  that is all absolutely denied in a lot of us prisons and their black sites . 
  coupled with the us kidnap and rendition program and you have people rotting in jail 's like guantanamo all over the globe that never did a thing . 
  hell take the german citizen khalid hussain who was tortured and raped by the cia for the crime of having the same name as a terrorist . 
  the west you are talking about no longer exists because it does not respect these fundamental rights any longer . 
  and while i obviously applaud lgbt rights and their struggles they are a window dressing when it comes to fundamental rights such as habeas corpus , right to a fair trial , right not to be tortured or treated cruelly etc. 
  your country ( and mine ) is largely responsible for the cluster fuck of the middle east . 
  whether you 're looking at the last 10-15 years or 100 years . 
  the refugee crisis is a direct offshoot to the invasion of iraq . 
  isis was created in a us prison . 
  because lumping the most hardened jihadis into one building and letting them fratenise was ever a good idea . 
  i find it incredible people have a hard time thinking may or trump or the governments they represent are not as genuinely evil as putin . 
  climate change is the biggest threat to our species and the us president denies it exists . 
  and that 's a misnomer because we all know when a politician says climate change does n't exist we can read between the lines : climate denial is not actual climate denial by us politicians - it 's a signifier of corruption and how willing they are to help the fossil fuel industry . 
  that to me is far more evil than anything putin has ever done . 
  is communism not european ? 
  companies that do n't play ball should have their assets seized and be forcibly nationalised . 
  they are n't mutually exclusive but that point would be a fair way down the list - hinder a geopolitical competitor - gobble up a state into the eu adding to the eus gdp and world prowess - have an army of reserved labour to keep wages stagnant and `` competitive '' in the eu etc. 
  then why do the older generation ( the ones that were alive through the soviet union ) think its dissolution was a bad thing ? 
  well sure the 90s were a disaster where the death rates went up due to western companies `` helping '' privatise everything . 
  and when it was over they realised they wanted the treats of the west : pornography , coca cola , glitzy downtown streets while keeping their right to a guaranteed job , free education , a right to a house and a good safety net . 
  if you 're ex su but now in the eu you 're probably very happy because the eu has been funnelling shit loads of investment into your country to ensure you `` look west '' and you 've been able to go work in uk , france or germany during the particularly bad years . 
  if you 're outside the eu then its not been great, 
   all the average british punter wants is to be paid less than # 10 an hour and be incinerated in a nuclear holocaust , and good luck to em - frankie boyle, 
  it 's worth reading proton mails blog on how google almost killed their company https://protonmail.com/blog/search-risk-google/, 
  sadly i concur . 
  the reality , i fear , is that there will be no watershed moment for brits . 
  there will be no `` i told you so '' moment . 
  the uk will be just less prosperous , slightly worse off , contributing less to scientific achievement and more inward looking as a result, 
  cool . 
  good day , enjoy your local wetherspoons, 
  i 've been an immigrant with visa issues before and i 've also worked in germany before . 
  i actually left the country i was in despite loving it because i did n't want the uncertainty and speculative period my visa renewal left me in . 
  i also would like the option to come and go as i please so despite being attracted to say australia the stringent rules and waiting periods is anxious and a pain in the arse while you wonder what you 'll be doing next year . 
  ( my idea of life is living in a city for a period and when i 'm bored picking up and moving . ), 
  you do n't even know what summer solstice is or what happens at stonehenge when it occurs . 
  i 'm more english than you . 
  not sure mate , does the flag look familiar ? 
  have you been to summer solstice ? 
  ( it only happens once a year fucknut ) . 
  they take the barriers down to the stones and all the local british degens get hyped on # 3 cider and vomit all over them . 
  hell just go to your local high street at 1am for a taste of what i 'm talking about . 
  going by the amount of upvotes i 'd say a lot of people agree with how british culture is a celebration of degeneracy and thievery, 
  lmao i 'm from here and have to put up with it . 
  a few years back me and a few mates thought it 'd be a hippyish , must-do experience to experience the summer solstice at stonehenge . 
  we thought it must be a really beautiful way to spend a night and watch the solstice come up in a historic and spiritual place . 
  the reality was it was like an open air wetherspoons with fights and drunkards included . 
  if you 're offended by reality i cant help you , but british culture is deeply degenerate, 
  if the shoe fits . . 
  yeah but even the majority of those are gobshites . 
  you 're right though they 're cut from a less shittier cloth of those screaming `` build the wall '' in cancun, 
  i 'm not asking for your personal experience though . 
  you can see the jump in claimants of food poisoning by brits next to 0 claims from comparable numbers of dutch and germans . 
   it 's almost like requisitioning other people 's property is a contentious issue land banks that provide zero value to the uk . 
  the owners are only concerned with their exchange-value not their use-value .
