  i 'm not one quick to call racism , but this is really close to it . 
  it 's impossible to truthfully say that europeans fight * harder * than others in the world because we ca n't define how hard people have fought in the past in general . 
  you might argue that europeans have fought * better * than anybody else on the planet over hundreds of years , but the best fighting force on earth for hundreds of years was undisputedly china except for the brief period of rome 's height . 
  europe was eclipsed by the middle east for hundreds of years under the ummayad 's , abbasids , and ottomans ; the ottomans being one of the strongest fighting forces on the planet for hundreds of years themselves . 
  pretending it 's possible to both generalize all european armies over hundreds of years and specify that they fought `` harder '' than the rest of the world is nearing of willfully ignorant . 
  they are totally different , but i think it makes sense people are miffed this guy got arrested for a tweet so i do n't think anyone is trying to `` pretend that getting arrested is the same as a 15 years jail sentence '' . 
  being arrested is already too harsh . 
  i do n't think you 've ever been arrested . 
  woah man , i think you 're taking this too personally . 
  also , it 's been almost 15 years since that day . 
  we 're either dumb because we have a bad education or it does n't matter because we do n't have bad education . 
  beating us at our own game it seems . 
  it 's been about 170 years since the us militarily annexed part of another country . 
  tbh trump has an issue looking presidential and visiting one of america 's greatest allies is going to help that . 
  it 'll also help contrast him against hillary who 's not doing much right now . 
  if nothing else it keeps him in the news which he has shown time and time again that whether or not it 's positive or negative it 's only good for him . 
  could have done better . 
   has there been such a case ? 
  the majority of hardcore racists can have pretty legitimate reasons and facts backing up their racism . 
  for instance it 's no secret that african americans are more likely to commit crimes , have a generally lower iq , and are associated with many other negative things . 
  these facts are often built up and presented to make it seem like african americans are inherently lesser . 
  it can be pretty damn convincing . 
  not to mention all the pseudoscience that can be even more insidious . 
  for example one scientific paper that people from stormfront ( a white superiority group ) will sometimes quote is `` race , evolution , and behaviour '' . 
  this paper is filled with pseudoscience mixed with actual facts to present a very biased and somewhat convincing argument . 
  [ here 's a page from that ] ( https://i.imgur.com/kmpuppa.jpg ) . 
   we do n't have any inherent right to broadcast messages on platforms of these companies . 
  make your own blog if you do n't like it . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  if reddit , or facebook , or twitter wants to block you , me , or anyone else from using their service it 's entirely up to them , but until they do it 's within out rights to raise a stink about it because we disagree with it . 
  i would never advocate for the governemnt to regulate who can be banned from private institutions , but i 'll try to convince the institutions to be as free as possible . 
   anything can be misused and abused , i do n't see the argument here . 
  best to give them as little rope as possible to use then . 
   hate speech and verbal harassment/abuse can have an objective negative impact on your life . 
  it 's not about feelings . 
  you might not give a fuck if someone calls you a pedophile murderer but your boss , your friends , your family , society etc might have a different take on it . 
  think of false rape accusations if you want the best example of how `` speech '' can wreck your life . 
  so there 's that . 
  when someone uses lies to damage a person 's life outside of their feeling that 's libel . 
  it 's illegal in the united states and disgusting . 
  anyone who 's willing to do such a thing deserves to be locked up . 
  when i say that hate speech should n't be illegal i mean that people should be able to say whatever they want as long as it does n't * directly * call for violence or harm a person outside of their feelings . 
   implying those two things can be conflated . 
  which is what i do n't get , since i ca n't imagine how . 
  what about a factual statement like `` african americans are more likely to violently rape than white americans '' ? 
  it 's true , but clearly meant to inflame and likely has a racist behind it . 
   how would you know ? 
  i know that hate speech and criticism are not the same because you , me , and the rest of the english speaking world have defined them as different things . 
   this law is n't any different than any other law that requires human judgement . 
  you are totally right . 
  there are many laws that require human judgment . 
  as a matter of fact the idea of the jury holding the verdict is entirely human judgement , but this particular one i think it too far reaching for something i see as too inconsequential and since not every person who 's being censored is going to have a trial i think it vests too much responsibilities in singular people . 
   its like the same judgement that angry nationalists use to determine what is european or national culture and who should belong inside it . 
  get it ? 
  it 's not like they are giving out guidelines either . 
  they just arbitrarily decided that x people do n't belong in y. i also see that as massively flawed . 
  i personally believe the contempt many europeans have against muslims disgusting and their belief their specific culture should be protected against the outside world outdated . 
   now the tables have turned on them . 
  other people get to make judgement on their lives , and like the bullies and cowards they are , they complain about it . 
  as i said ... tough shit . 
  they 'll just have to deal with it . 
  let this be a lesson to anyone who thinks similarly . 
  i do n't really know what you mean by this , but it sounds like some revenge shit . 
   nope , here is what happened : another user asked me something and you replied by referring to his question as your question . 
  you claimed it was your question when it was n't . 
  in my original comment i said `` you wrote a lot of words to avoid that question my friend '' . 
  i did n't say `` my question '' and i never claimed i was the one that asked it . 
  that does n't matter anyways because i raised the point that you never answered * his * question about how to choose what is and is n't hate speech . 
   you ca n't differentiate either ? 
  here is what you wrote earlier `` if you ca n't confidently delineate between criticism and hate speech why should anyone listen to you about this issue ? '', 
  so why would anyone listen to you ? 
  because i do n't have to delineate between what is hate speech and what is criticism . 
  when you 're advocating for laws that could harm someone for speaking their mind it 's important to be able to have a set of rules that can be used to tell the difference between hate speech and criticism . 
   you and the rest of the brigade are creating confusion by claiming that two distinct concepts are not just similar but actually identical . 
  as in my last reply i implore you to find a quote of me saying that hate speech and criticism are the same . 
  they 're not . 
   give me an actual example instead of angry accusations . 
  if i seem angry i apologize . 
  i 'm not . 
  on my side it seems like we 're just having a conversation . 
   you ca n't give any examples give me a few days while this new initiative begins and i 'll probably be able to give you thousands . 
   you ca n't explain your position the line is to fuzzy between hate speech and criticism and i do n't think hate speech is bad enough to limit our rights to free speech . 
   you ca n't argue how two different concept are , not just similar , but identical i 'm not going to argue for something i do n't believe . 
   you will end up attacking me and accusing me of not giving `` guidelines '' . 
  my beef with this censorship is that there is no objective way to tell what is and is n't hate speech and i do n't like the idea of my account being held up to standards of some randoms on the internet . 
  so if they were to lay out some guidelines for people to follow it would all be a lot more reasonable . 
   i was n't talking to you my friend . 
  this is the second time this happens , like another user appearing to talk in place of a completely different one . 
  either you guys are some insane collectivist entity , or have alt accounts . 
  you 're talking on a public forum where anyone can and should interject should they feel they have something to add . 
  if you want a privated conversation i suggest pm 's . 
   dude , you are off the rails . 
  you are the one ( s ) claiming that there is no difference between these two . 
  right now . 
  you were conflating between these two . 
  where do i say that there is no difference between criticism and hate speech ? 
   yet i am the one who ca n't delineate between them ? 
  i ca n't either , that 's why i 'm leery of legislation trying to . 
   you guys start screaming that `` hate speech '' is the same as `` criticism of islam '' i do n't know who `` you guys '' are or why you think i 'm part of them seeing as i 've never mentioned that hate speech is the same as criticism of islam . 
   yet i am the one who ca n't distinguish between them ?
