two different worlds , both of which are unsavory , even if it 's to two different extents . 
  after russia all but invades a country i do n't think it 'd be too hawkish to train that countries troops . 
  i guess it 's just different standards between us . 
  so you 're saying the west should give into anything the russians want because war ? 
  you understand that not only does america accept more immigrants than any other country ( 3 times the runner up ) , but that we 've been an immigrant country for our entire history ? 
  one of the factors that led to americas dominance was that we accepted and encouraged people from all over the world to make a new life in america . 
  if immigration was a bad thing for the us we 'd never have made it as far as we have . 
  that 's such a strange comeback . 
  why would a brick wall hit someone back ? 
  it 's inanimate lol ? 
  facebook beat myspace . 
  username checks out, 
  well if you could set me straight that 'd be appreciated . 
  i 'm in favor of legalized prostitution with state supervision . 
  it 's not that i care so much about the religious aspect , but i hold freedom dear . 
  i do n't think it 's appropriate to limit the rights of all women to prevent their victimization because they are victims . 
  it 's a bit like if you were banning low cut shirts because they made men rape them . 
  it 's better to find those who are committing the actual crime . 
  then again if i were to see empirical evidence to back up that 90 % figure i 'd be more understanding personally . 
  until there 's a lot of evidence that not only do muslim women approve of the ban in general , but by a large margin , i do n't think it 's good to take away rights . 
  i 'm hesitant to limit the rights of those victimized to prevent their victimization . 
  i 'm sure there are many who are pressured into wearing the veil , but there are also many who just want to wear it . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to lump both those groups together into a category of slaves wanting slavery . 
  i think people take veils * way * out of proportion . 
  imagine you immigrate to a new land where nobody wheres pants . 
  you 've worn pants your entire life and would be uncomfortable without them on , but these new people are telling you left and right that when you wear pants you 're oppressing yourself . 
  `` let your legs breath ! '', 
  `` i 'd rather not '' `` your legs are beautiful and should be shown '' `` i 'm just not comfortable with taking my pants off '' `` if your culture was n't as oppressive you would n't be wearing pants '' `` that does n't change the fact i like wearing pants '' comparing the act of wearing a veil to slavery not only overblows the importance of the veil , but it underplays slavery . 
  it 's like when people compare whatever new policy their government makes to the nazis . 
   actually , it was n't - he got support for a minority cabinet by conservative parties , who thought he would n't survive half a year in office . 
  even if you discount the entirety of the vote and just count hitler and those who supported him germans were still integral to his rise to power so you ca n't pass the buck to austria . 
   the point is - where does `` normal warfare '' end , and where do atrocities begin ? 
  that 's a line each of us has to determine on our own . 
  i believe , much like you seem to , that while the holocaust was an atrocity the warfare conducted by germany was n't because it was the standard of the time . 
   as for believing ... that 's what happens when brainwashing is successful . 
  humans are maleable , but you ca n't call what hitler did brainwashing . 
  he preached a very appealing narrative . 
  it was n't the german 's fault they were in a bad position . 
  they were betrayed by inside forces controlled in large part by jews . 
  he knew what to do and how to do it to return germany to it 's rightful place of power and prosperity for its peoples . 
  to simplify all that went into nazism as brainwashing is to do a massive disservice to yourself . 
   actually , the biggest election results hitler ever got was around 38 % ... 
  he still got 17,277,180 which was enough to lead his country . 
   as compared to dying for nixon and his ideals in another uniform americans can get conscripted to ? 
  yeah , obviously , americans have no agency at all . 
  american had agency and faught under nixon . 
  sure a lot of them were n't enthused to fight , but they still fought and died in and for vietnam . 
  as an american i 'm not about to pass the responsibility of vietnam on china or anyone else but the americans before me . 
   wait , so when germany decides to follow responsibilities from a military defense pact , it 's evil , but when the us does the same within nato , that 's protection against the russian were-bear ? 
  strange reasoning you got there ... 
  i 've never believed of asserted the germans as a whole or germany as a country was evil and i do n't believe that of any other country . 
  had i been a leader of germany during the lead up to ww1 i 'd 've aided my ally austria just like they did . 
   people , not peoples . 
  this is really a preferrencial thing , but by the start of ww2 germany had been unified for less than 70 years and were , i believe , still separated enough culturally to be considered several parts of a whole instead of one homogeneous group . 
   also , people tend to follow leaders who show a certain degree of stability and charisma - think jfk , ghandi , putin , churchill ... and hitler . 
  the fact that our leader fucked up so gloriously does not make germans in any way more or less evil during the nazi buildup phase . 
  agreed , humans will be humans and will make mistakes . 
  how could any german know of what was to come when initially voting for hitler . 
  i 'm not condemning any who were n't explicit in the atrocities of the nazi 's , but there were still many that were explicit and believed in the evil hitler preached . 
   also , austrohungarian elitist art teachers refused to let him learn how to draw . 
  he could have become a third-rate painter , but no , herr magistralrat hubenhofer had to keep his art school rein . 
  yup , hitler was n't a great artist , but to link argue that it was austria 's responsibility to look into the future and allow him into an art school is ridiculous . 
   oh , there has been uncalled-for antigerman propaganda by our european neighbors at least since 1870 ... 
  there 's always anti ( country ) propaganda . 
  germany , being the most powerful european nation , is and always was going to receive a fair amount more . 
  this was massively exacerbated by the fact they fought two world wars and lost . 
  one in which germany committed the holocaust . 
  germany get 's antigerman propaganda , but does that really build to anything greater ? 
   the european part of ww2 was possible because of nazism , which was led by an austrian and which only rose into power because of economic hardship caused by ww1 , which in turn was ignited by austria . 
  wow that takes out the agency of the german people * entirely * . 
  there were millions of germans involved in voting for , supporting , and dying for hitler and his ideals . 
  i seriously doubt you yourself have read much history on the subject from respected historians . 
  you ca n't lay the blame of ww2 on austria because of ww1 either . 
  sure they * started * it , but germany at the time decided to join of their own volition and dealt with the consequences of losing . 
  to go to such logical lengths to lay germany 's hardships at the feet of austria is willfully ignorant and irresponsible . 
  you ca n't boil things as complex as wars , let along world wars , to the only leaders of nations . 
  sure hitler * was * born in austria , but he led the * german * peoples . 
  i was expecting some thought behind a position as insane as yours , but all you have is that hitler was austrian . 
  do you also believe there 's some world wide plot to decry the german people ? 
   german-austrian relations in the first half of the 20th century are very complex , and in a way , the austrians were responsible for both world wars . 
  i do n't think i 've ever actually heard someone seriously accuse austria of being responsible for ww2 . 
  if you 'd be so kind to provide an explanation of why you think this is true , that would be extremely interesting . 
  it 's more like a guy with a potbelly telling the guy who 's obese to lay off the chips . 
  sure the first guy has problems , but they 're on two different levels . 
  ultimately our argument comes down to the definition of `` fighting harder '' as it relates to armies . 
  i take it to mean armies ' relative bravery and willingness to face adversity . 
  you take it to mean  taking and inflicting the highest number of casualties without falling apart . 
  under your definition i agree utterly that europeans have for the past couple hundred years been the `` hardest fighters '' . 
  i would just rephrase `` hardest fighters '' to `` most effective fighting force '' . 
  i also think most people would agree with my interpretation considering the definition of hard is  adverb comparative adverb : harder 1 . with a great deal of effort . 
  `` they work hard at school '' synonyms : diligently , industriously , assiduously , conscientiously , sedulously ,, 
  europe has n't been involved in a large scale war 70 years so i would n't talk about european strength in modern times . 
  for the somewhat brief period before ww2 and after the industrial revolution , sure europe reigned utterly supreme . 
  i do n't think you can extrapolate that period over 70 years to now , that 's an entire generation born and died . 
   taking and inflicting the highest number of casualties without falling apart . 
  which means fighting harder . 
  you ca n't say that the side with the best k/d is the hardest fighting force . 
  when a belgian walks into a hostile village of congolese in the 1900 's and blasts them away with a maxim gun he is n't fighting harder , just better . 
   european armies have proven , over hundreds of years , that they can fight harder than anybody else on the planet , possibly excluding japan . 
  quoting phoney war ( which lasted several months ) is cherry-picking in the extreme .
