putin is a genius , russians will eat uranium when their economy crumbles . 
  erasmus is a fuckfest . 
  best beer is chech beer . 
  lol , which warzone ? 
  you 've got to be kidding . 
  they are nor refugees , the are economin & social migrants . 
  gaypride and abortion - greatest european achievements !, 
  then forgive me . 
  see . 
  you all are so two-faced . 
  discriminating a white pole who comes from the same culture circle as brits is okay , but discriminating muslims who see us as a civilizational enemies is outright racist . 
  fuck political corectness . 
  racism ? 
  muslims are the most racist group i know . 
  they burn and kill christians in their countries , in europe they refuse to assimilate , they exploit the welfare system !, 
  yes i am racist , i do n't like muslims . 
  hold on , i love uk . 
  no to immigration from outside of the eu . 
  yep yep . 
  edited . 
  fixed . 
  there is no jewish council of israel on that img . 
  haha polish girls were all over him , lol nice try . 
  muslim like to think they are loved by civilized european women , but that 's not true . 
  every girl in poland i ask they say muslims with darker skin just look dirty and do n't wash . my another friend went to tunisia for a 6 month internship program as a resident and guess what , she met an muslim and after 4 months he robbed her of her laptop and cash . 
  he also wanted her to pay for his travel to europe because he wanted out from that shithole . 
  agreed with you !, 
  beautiful city , it 's a shame my girl friends on erasmus were almost raped and got constantly creeped on by men there . 
  no place for a woman instanbul , over there men still live in the medieval times it seems . 
  holy shit i live and work in poland and i only make 11,000 $ a year . 
  should have been born in syria and just migrate to netherlands . 
  censorship on reddit is strong . 
  aaaaaand the article is gone from r/europe . 
  i did not edit anything . 
  but i did n't mention migrants or anything migration related . 
  but why ? 
  stop shitting on my country . 
  poles obey the law and pay their taxes each day so stop with this bullshit . 
  that was a newspaper that i loved to read . 
  weird thing is - no one in the ue protested then . 
  like the rest of the world . 
  nailed it . 
  you 're breaking reddit rules . 
  please stop . 
  traitor . 
  holy shite people are really salty about poles and brits protecting their independence . 
  all the downvotes , that makes me sure that i am right . 
  as far i now a lot of the eu has a serious `` human rights '' crysis on it 's hands right now . 
  yet poland is the problem . 
  exactly . 
  yes , defusing a legal minefield left by the last government formed by a corrupt coalition is now considered `` dangerous to polish democracy '' . 
  what world we live in . 
  get out while you can brits . 
  okay eu parliament , just tell us who to vote for next time and everything will be okay , i promise . 
  you can draw any silly conclusion you want sugar , if it really makes you feel better - by all means . 
  in my time most dominating ways of pastime were `` bike speedway '' and football . 
  i 'm sorry that you consider not engaing in things like pretending to kill others a `` shitty childhood '' . 
  i see your point but do n't you think parents should explain some things to kids , not to repeat ritual beheadings ? 
  some fucked up stories you have there . 
  this is the perfect conclusion . 
  get out while you can brits . 
  ah yes , tikkun olam at it 's best . 
  ouch calm down friend did n't want to insult you , i know all of this is true . 
  i were just busting your balls polandball style , 
  i feel so secure already , good to have you around slovenia !, 
  this is so heartwarming to read . 
  thank you . 
  russia is noting slavs , is asians . 
  cheaper transportation means cheaper goods ? 
  i support the idea . 
  go for it ukraine , you deserve it !, 
  you gave monty python , iron maiden and the best football league to the world . 
  how not to love you , 
  you gave monty python , iron maiden and the best football league to the world . 
  how not to love you ? 
  i have met a lot of irish drinking buddies during my time in cracow and i never had so much fun in my life . 
  you guys rock i 'm sure they did not put ireland in this poll because it would break the results . 
  our own artists often `` insult '' christian religion and it 's all okay , 
  it 's okay it 's okay , christians were too killing people in the medieval times . 
  multikulti !, 
  europe should support frontex , not police state . 
  isis is free to build their machinery of terror because europe does not want to be called racist for trying to dismantle it . 
  ellsworth toohey would be proud . 
  words of wisdom . 
  good riddance . 
  europeans are being killed and they retaliate with chalk-drawn messages . 
  yes !, 
  of course !, 
  wise , peace-loving and civilized people do not require borders . 
  ca n't say much about others . 
  greece failed because of socialism not tay evasion . 
  you can bet on anything you want my dear , but that wo n't change anything . 
  do your homework first . 
  yeah , exactly and you forgot to add that we did exterminate millions of jews in our camps during wwii . 
  and how many non-eu migrants have you deported recently ? 
  glorious !, 
  poland will become biggest banana exporter in the world . 
  i know right , 
  various phobias are very trendy these days , do n't you think ? 
  you 've seen nothing then ,
