  france will ban alcohol in the coming years so i highly doubt that whisky production . 
  tip of the iceberg . 
  can we also have a saying in this ? 
  it 's funny when pc-rotten west sees that as a bad thing . 
  ca n't stop laughing , you brits should grow some balls and put an end to this pc travesty . 
  i know it 's alright to say all the shit about poles `` stealing your low-wage jobs '' and `` leeching on your welfare '' but we all know the truth . 
  that poor polish plumber that fixes your shit pays his bills , pays his taxes and tries to make a living . 
  and you ca n't say the same about other migrant groups that are ruining your beautiful country . 
  but you 're too scared to say it out loud . 
  well italy is a little backwards alright but i 'm happy you 're working on your society issues . 
  another country growing up to european and cultural standards . 
  keep up the good work italy . 
  but i do n't love paris , london or new york ... 
  destabilization of eu . 
  get out while you can brits . 
  i read somewhere she was also disabled . 
  i 'm sure she did not exactly comprehend what is happening . 
  poor girl . 
  what is new . 
  thank merkel . 
  you nailed modern leftist europe right there . 
  denmark sure care about it 's women . 
  some balls you got danish men . 
  lol !, 
  that 's fine by me , since gay people with kids do n't have a nasty history of abusing women and respect western culture in general . 
  poland - best place to live . 
  are n't you afraid you 'll hurt muslim feelings ? 
  because you can afford kids here . 
  almost 80 % polish media is controlled by german money . 
  this will end . 
  but those people who migrated from poland are n't saying that poland should not accept migrants from middle east , are you blind ? 
  it is the opinion of people who are living in poland . 
  that 's why i am so fond of turkish people , i 'm so sorry for this stupid attack . 
  i 'm leaving this fucking country . 
  you can enjoy your little indias and little pakistans instead !, 
  a vocal group but still a minority highlited by the media when it 's useful . 
  do n't let stereotypes fool you friend , most of the poles are very open-minded and they just want to be left alone to get on with their life in peace . 
  who fucking cares , we should be done over this topic long time ago , just legalize it so we can move along to other things like industry and economy . 
  i hate when the `` elites '' try to divide et impera on their people . 
  stalin and his communism was a pinnacle of crimes against humanity . 
  poles and jews were two nations who were almost exterminated . 
  it 's nothing different from female genital mutilation . 
  thank you for this . 
  brilliant post . 
  necro thread . 
  germans are very thrifty , industrious and decent people . 
  i do n't care about the nationality of people in the government as long as they govern their country well and with the good of their people in heart . 
  empty words . 
  for sure , i do n't think pis will last long . 
  problem is at the current moment i 'm afraid there is no politican ` stronk ' enough and experienced enough to take the power back from pis . 
  tusk was a real heavy-weight fighter . 
  shame he had to go , 
  yep read it for yourself , it really does not sound so scary . 
  exactly , it 's time to act now because brexit may cause a huge problem for the whole eu . 
  i 'm glad that france and germany and ready to lead the way into the next step of integration . 
  i just hope poland will join in and help with the whole process . 
  not sabotage it . 
  their interpretation of the document is a huge manipulation . 
  i am ashamed and i apologize for this shit . 
  would n't mind a superstate though . 
  it 's about time , great news !, 
  well you brits are now in trouble . 
  absolutely we should , sadly it wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  cameron is resigning . 
  just elect someone who will promise not to leave the eu despite the referendum - it has no legal impact , you do n't have to recognize it 's result . 
  that should do the trick . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crusaders_for_democracy http://colombogazette.com/2015/07/04/ex-ltte-members-to-contest-as-crusaders-for-democracy-2/ , 
  obviously you 're not familiar with history of this religion . 
  please stop trying to make an argument . 
  semantics . 
  haha you 're so amusing  why do n't you go to bed already and remember to jerk off so you can say you did something constructive with your day instead of being an ignoramus on the internet ? 
  what ?!, 
  are you sure ? 
  yep , i just read that allegedly nobody was injured , thank god . 
  i 'm glad . 
  brits move along , do not read this news  i hope everyone from the attack will be okay !, 
  there is no term like `` holy war '' in modern christian faith . 
  we do n't want to !, 
  we love the eu too , it 's just a very special relationship with the us , 
  for me it 's not even a satire . 
  it 's just a great example that we poles share exactly the same values ( colors of the flag - symbols ) as americans . 
  blood bought independence and love for freedom . 
  love you america < 3 proud to follow you into battle !, 
  thank you . 
  means a lot . 
  you are too our greatest ally !, 
  we will do everything for american , our greatest ally !, 
  you are nothing more but a pelican . 
  wow . 
  i 'd love to have a serious conversation about current political trends in europe but what you just wrote assured me that you 're just yet another drone mindlessly repeating trendy slogans . 
  enjoy your life in a terrarium . 
  i 'm sorry but you have to develop a brain with your own set of values and world view to be considered a worthy interlocutor . 
  swallowing propaganda like a pelican will get you nowhere . 
  exactly . 
  nothing ironic here . 
  orban wants to reform the eu and for this he needs allies . 
  eu is a threat to democracy in it 's current state , but that does not mean it ca n't change . 
  you are not really good with politics are you ? 
  nothing ironic here . 
  orban want to reform the eu and for this he needs allies .
