i did not know that !, 
  it 's all in the name ... 
  not saying we 're proud of it , but it 's very significant . 
  hahahahahahaha . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philips http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_east_india_company http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_dutch_shell http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/port_of_rotterdam http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_american http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_colonization_of_the_americas so insignificant . 
  die vlamingen en hun naampjes ... ^ ( this was meant as a joke ), 
  same for me and danish , swedish etc. . . 
  i would make a joke about belgium , but they probably would n't understand it anyway, 
  seems like they have a good destination plan :p, 
  til !, 
  ruhr is a city ? 
  it 's not like we needed that province anyways, 
  they should do an european version of this , on europe . 
  or a version where we have to guess the states in the us . 
  real tl ; dr : censorship, 
  next up : `` uk prime minister dave cameron announces that filters used to block porn and extremist views will also block news sources that say bad things about him `` to keep out country safe '' '', 
  if i do anything like that i get prosecuted . 
  just 99 % * coughguardiancough *, 
  i am very curious what effect this has . . what a nerve , tip action ! '', 
  i really hope this gets some attention and will actually achieve something . 
  you doubt the us has my data ? 
  have you seen the scale of their spying ? 
  my point still stands , the us has nothing to do with our internet traffic , we are no threat to them . 
  why should it even matter if i get arrested ? 
  they just have 0 to do with my data and should not have my data . 
  if there lives a pedo in my country , it 's my countries job to arrest him , not america 's job . 
  do n't get me wrong , pedo 's should be arrested and prosecuted . 
  yeah but * maybe some day in the future * i get arrested and my entire internet history can be pulled up . 
  they may not be spying on me specifically but they do store my data . 
  they have nothing to do with my data . 
  yep but afaik my government does n't . 
  < as in , working with the us  also i have 0 interest in ever visiting america , so why would they spy on me ? 
  i 'd rather have some privacy . 
  meh , that 's why i stopped excessively drinking . 
  hmm true, 
  well champ , what are you doing to stop them ? 
  right , not taking any responsibility for your governments stupidity . 
  great way of dealing with mistakes . 
  so the average citizen will suffer regardless . 
  man this spying bullshit is * really * bad . 
   by having their public purse hit by something which they did not consent to right , so , who funded these hacks ? 
  terrible !, 
  broodjefrikandel ? 
  however , it literally was meant as a fun fact , not a conversation starter so , what do you think about our current state of politics ? 
  fun fact : dutch citizens consume less canabis then france . 
  do n't you dare bring that up . 
  the dutch won !, 
  i love these stats , 
  throat and heart rate are normal , i 'm not bashing you btw , just wondering . 
  different folks different strokes !, 
  allergic ? 
  how can you be allergic to canabis ? 
  not so much social stigma imo , everybody ( and i mean everybody ) i know , even at work , is very open and okay with weed . 
  i recently started working at a new place and they are pretty strict and professional but it 's no problem to mention weed , everybody shrugs their shoulders . 
  maybe that also is because the oldest person in the company is something like 33 . 
  it 's more disinterest . 
  edit ; whoops . 
  i just commented to a day old comment , i 'm sorry, 
  freedom !, 
  funny to see that , relatively , economic wealth is related to recycling . 
  hundreds of millions of americans and not protesting . 
  what is your point ? 
  was n't that that facebook clone thing they tried so hard to get off the ground ? 
  they mentioned it like a million times in their last keynote i think ... 
  google what ? 
  why ? 
  do n't like being informed about what your government is working on ? 
  first off , i 'm not racist , i 'm very tolerant and not right wing at all . 
  biggest problem is that `` the bad ones '' ( 90 % as it seems like ) do n't want to adjust to our western standards . 
  even so far that there are muslim men who marry western woman and require them to wear a nikab and stay at home the entire day , while living in a western society ... that stuff just does n't float for me . 
  ahhh nice . 
  look at the comment i just got from some coward who already deleted it . 
   at least we are n't protesting cuts  you fucking bigot . 
  you do n't even know me yet you pass judgement that i protest . 
   go back to your racist hole with the rest neonazis . 
  by gentleman / u/fateswarm so , how the fuck can you justify protesting cuts while your country is on life support and you people have been living in a tax loophole heaven . 
  you mother fuckers should be glad that we worked out fucking asses off while you kept slacking . 
  fuck you dude . 
  at least we are n't protesting cuts while our government gets a few million support from the eu . 
  what did you mean with that comment anyway ? 
  and they still are protesting against the cuts ... ... 
  do you really think the german police gives a shit about him walking a block ? 
  apple ? 
  macbooks ? 
  not made in america specifically ( they are opening us assembly lines though ) but they are developed in america, 
  fuck that shit . 
  i will never have anything to do with the us expect buying their products , if something like this were to happen to me i 'd sue them for violation of my constitutional rights , my right to privacy . 
  what the fuck is america doing invading our privacy ? 
  i did n't know !, 
  yes we indeed uses inches then to measure mature sized clothes . 
  i do n't think his legs are as long as his waist is wide, 
  no , they 're too busy sucking obamas dick . 
  on a more serious note , my dad just told me we denied his request because it was ` insufficient ' ( i do n't have any sources on that though ), 
  if i were him i would n't come near the netherlands ... 
  yeah but theres one difference , america has nothing to do with me or my information , i 'm not related in any way to america . 
  america is fucking disgusting . 
  breaking in on our civil rights with their bullshit laws and shit . 
  and the worst thing ? 
  my fucking government is on it 's knees sucking obamas dick . 
  and once against nobody does shit,
