  that 's how you get your planes shot down . 
  they were n't already doing this for like 10 years ? 
  i 'm surprised . 
  the fuck is that ? 
   not only do we have a flat income tax ( not even only gon na go there ) but with the loopholes , particularly the reinvested profits one , it 's very easy to get around paying any . 
  but now you 're talking about corporation tax rather than personal income tax . 
  so are you talking about taxing the rich or corporations ? 
   the fact the government has to make do with payroll tax and vat for most of their profits is exactly why they suck so much . 
  except this is the case almost everywhere . 
   the country should have significantly more budget income for the gdp level . 
  and that 's my point . 
  arguing over income tax is fucking stupid if this is your complaint . 
  look at the [ 2013 budget income ] ( http://www.fin.ee/doc.php?110051 ) ( scroll down there 's a table ) : * personal income tax : 299 million * corporate income tax : 320.8 million * payroll tax : 2065 million * vat : 1575 million personal income tax and corporation tax each made up 3.9 % and 4.2 % of the budget respectively . 
  payroll tax was 27 % of the budget and vat was 20.6 % . 
  by the way , excise taxes made up 10.4 % . 
  when you argue over how we should specifically structure income taxes then we 're essentially arguing over peanuts in the grand scheme of things . 
  that 's where only a small part of the revenue comes from . 
  we already have a form of progressive income tax - the flat limits ( tulumaksuvabamiinimum ) make the tax not really that flat considering the average person 's income in estonia . 
  the problem is that regardless what your income tax situation is , payroll tax is still going to add an additional 33 % cost to your gross income number . 
  sure , * technically * it 's the corporation that pays that but it 's literally based on your gross salary , so in reality it * is * an income tax . 
  it 's just an income tax people do n't seem to care to argue about . 
  ** if you want to talk about things that would significantly improve the tax revenue for the state then you need to talk about payroll tax , excise taxes , and vat , rather than get bogged down by the minute details of income tax . 
  ** income tax would need to increase in multitudes for it to be anywhere as significant as payroll tax , yet payroll tax is the same : just a flat tax , but an even higher rate . 
  also , if you look at [ the real tax burden ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tax_revenue_as_percentage_of_gdp ) , then estonia is n't that different . 
  but income tax does n't even matter that much . 
  just look at the tax revenues . 
  if we abolished all personal income tax then next year the amount of money available to the government would still be higher than this year . 
  most of the money in the form of taxes comes from payroll tax and vat . 
  i think if no party manages to get  5 % of the vote then we 'll have a state of emergency . 
  the left wheel . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's if you were on the voyager probe then trump 's climate change policy would have little impact on you . 
  thus i believe it is possible to be far enough from him for it not to matter to you . 
  but they ca n't come out of their houses and thus they will lose the war as they do n't show up at the appointed time . 
  so you 're saying we should nuke first ? 
  drowning somebody in oil is ** not ** civil . 
  sorry , but we live in a civilized society . 
  he 's right though . 
  there are over 3000 deaths every year in france related to traffic accidents . 
  for young people ( < 30 ) it is the leading cause of death or second leading cause of death in developed countries . 
  also , deaths in traffic accidents seem to vary quite a bit between countries . 
  because it is dumb and authorities are authorities for a reason . 
  you expect them to be slightly more clear headed than that . 
  i do n't know the specifics of that so i ca n't comment , sorry . 
  what i meant is that the best scenario is when your interests align with those of the people . 
  in that case there 's no reason for you not to do your best without any tricks involved . 
  i do n't know the specifics of that so i ca n't comment , sorry . 
  what i meant is that the best scenario is when your interests align with those of the people . 
  in that case there 's no reason for you not to do your best without any tricks involved . 
   all too often these intellectuals pretend that their very respectable expertise in their own fields somehow translates to expertise in other , unrelated fields of science . 
  it does n't but you do n't often talk about just * expertise * but rather intelligence . 
  being a well-established expert does tend to mean you 're intelligent and thus you 're more likely to understand other fields too . 
  it also means you 're less likely to be biased or have an agenda on the topic at hand since you 're not engrossed in the field itself . 
  this is the very principle that ruling works by . 
  the person making the actual decisions is not an expert in almost any of the fields they decide upon , yet they are still the ones that are making the decision , because they 're trusted enough to source their information and think about it . 
  also , the `` some fundamental mathematics '' you talk about is actually quite a lot of overlap . 
  statistics is very important in both fields . 
  well , the best politics is where you can put yourself on the side of the people and put your opponents against them without any lies involved . 
  why not though ? 
  if a lay person is supposed to be able to have some understanding of the situation and thus make a decision then why ca n't a smart physicist do that ? 
  they 're basically just a really smart lay person . 
  the eu is the perfect scapegoat . 
  well , evidence is good , because that makes it harder to dispute . 
  he 's trying to say that lack of evidence does not constitute evidence . 
  he just does it with an example . 
  or that the effects are n't measurable so quickly . 
  if i buy sugar once a year in june and the price of sugar increases by 20 % i wo n't feel it for almost a full year . 
  scythia is the strongest civ in civilization 6 . 
  the double horse archers and healing when killing a unit are insanely powerful . 
  lacking gold ? 
  just build sine horse archers and then sell them . 
  amazon uk , here i come . 
  yeah , it 's bizarre this change takes this long before it 's even implemented . 
  well , it makes sense that corruption would seep into the power that tries to fight against it . 
  corruption corrupts . 
  of course they are , but many of these would n't even pertain to the uk . 
  even if the eu army proposals passed it would still likely take longer for anything to move in the creation of it than the uk stays a member of the eu . 
  it 's like voting on what is going to be for dinner , but then leaving at 4pm . 
  but that 's basically russia , though , right ? 
  that 's why it was okay that russia took crimea , since it was basically russia anyway . 
  the economic crisis was an analogy that you do n't ask for benefits in absolute terms but relative ones instead : you want to compare it to the aggregative courses of action . 
   so i am very distrustful of those happy prognoses , because of the end of the project , the people who initiated it , are retired from their 4 year cycle of public office , and nobody is responsible for the failings of the people that came before them . 
  but how is that different from a country itself ? 
  it 's the same accountability issue there . 
  the question should n't be `` what has it done for us ? '', 
  in absolute terms , but rather `` what does it offer over the alternatives ? '', 
  when you invest money and an economic crisis comes around , and your investment stays the same value then you do n't really complain about it when the alternatives mostly lost value . 
  you look at it and go `` yeah , this was pretty good , because it did so much better than the alternatives '' . 
  you mean `` muh sovereignty '' ? 
  or was it `` the eu is undemocratic '' ? 
  i ca n't remember which . 
  the latter is quite funny though : people start talking about how the way laws are created in the eu is undemocratic , because they 're proposed by the commission . 
  except that the commission is picked by the council ( the heads of state of all the eu nations , who are all democratically elected ) and the eu parliament ( which was also democratically elected ) has to agree to those picks . 
  and on top of that when the commission proposes new legislation the parliament and council have to agree to the proposals before they can be passed . 
  yeah , but long term goals is the point of all this . 
  it 's a lot harder to sell things to poorer regions . 
  a euro invested in a poor region is worth more than a euro invested in a rich region . 
  some of those men are fairly big . 
  but your point was that `` true western propaganda does n't criticize vietnam or iraq '' . 
  however , when i used `` propaganda '' here i really meant media . 
  but my past experience tells me that just calling it western media would get it called as propaganda .
