  that 's of course not the case - much more of russian media is propaganda than western media is , but from their point of view they might not realize it . 
  so if you want it phrased in another way : western media criticizes what the west does far more than russian media criticizes what russia does . 
  hard to say that there 's concrete evidence for it , since they were in control of those regions for so long . 
  however , if you add the deportations , work camps and all the other crap people often label as `` just poor management '' then probably not . 
  except that when you talk to these people that say what i quoted then they will call anything western media says as `` propaganda '' if it is n't supporting the russian view . 
  hard to say , but your comparison is wrong . 
  it 's more that one guy guns down 10 people in a cafe and gets shot , while the other guy takes years to kill 20 people or more . 
   the soviets were just as bloodthirsty and horrible as the nazis . 
  they ended up being even worse , because their horrors were allowed to continue for half a century . 
  this is literally what i said a few posts ago . 
  the nazis never got to execute many of their horrible plans , the soviets did . 
  the cool thing is that the soviets seemed to have learned that you should n't subject people to open terror . 
  instead you should make it seem like it was in their best interest to be subjected to that . 
  yes , but things do n't quite always go according to those plans . 
  the russification plans at various stages were quite different as well . 
  the difference is that the soviet plans were * actually put into action * . 
  the nazis did n't have time for that , the soviets did . 
  and like i said earlier , the evil of the soviets was allowed to last for much much longer . 
   did all those eastern-european countries get systematically exterminated and replaced by what the ussr calls superior people ? 
  of course not , but that would n't be feasible by the nazis either . 
  at least it would take them as long as it did the soviets . 
   did the survivors get worked to death ? 
  many of them did die in soviet work camps , yes . 
   fuck , the sheer existence of germans in east-germany , polish in poland , hungarians in hungary proves that the soviets were better than the nazis . 
  how so ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the polish existed in the parts of poland that the nazis occupied as well . 
   because if the roles were reversed , there would n't be any russians left . 
  many of the social problems in ex-soviet countries come from the fact that during the soviet union many native people were forcefully deported/killed and replaced by russians , who did not integrate . 
  they are still a problem to this day . 
  many of the russians were * not there * before the soviet union invaded those countries . 
   as a result of the aforementioned soviet policies , the share of ethnic estonians in the population resident within currently defined boundaries of estonia dropped to 61.5 % in 1989 , compared to 88 % in 1934 . 
  seems like if the soviets were given more time then they would have made estonians disappear . 
  russification was a thing after all . 
  that 's true , but russia seems hell-bent on using the same tactics of misinformation over and over again . 
  but then when they are n't found as effective the shills go `` but russia said x !, 
  why do you believe in western propaganda instead ?! '', 
  because western propaganda is n't trying to tell me that russia does n't invade people . 
  hell , western propaganda tells us how bad the vietnam and iraq wars were , does russian propaganda admit to any of that ? 
  not really . 
  yeah , because russification was not a thing . 
  neither were forced deportations . 
  neither were secret police killing purging people who did not spout soviet propaganda . 
  the soviets were just as bloodthirsty and horrible as the nazis . 
  they ended up being even worse , because their horrors were allowed to continue for half a century . 
  but how does that fix the part where they invaded sovereign nations that they divided between them and nazi germany ? 
   what got him in trouble was pushing the idea that there was cooperation between the nazi 's and the soviets in the invasion of poland i present to you the [ molotov-ribbentrop pact 's secret protocol ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact#the_secret_protocol ) . 
  tell me how they were not cooperating . 
  go on . 
  well , at least the nazis were defeated swiftly ... 
  the soviet union kept ruining things for half a century . 
  and then the russian shills do n't understand why we are n't willing to take what russia says at face value . 
  you can be `` very well connected to the internet '' but physical distance just means that ping is going to be significant . 
  also , do n't they have similar data caps like australia ? 
  it would n't be a big deal that it 's * just * out of the way , but the problem is with the internet . 
  bandwidth limitations ( at reasonable prices ) * and * gigantic ping when playing games with others . 
  something that really bothers me is that the economy and what the government says are so interlinked that the government ca n't come straight out and say `` yeah , this is bad and that is bad '' , because that will cause the effect to become even worse . 
  because in the past information did n't spread . 
  the same kinds of things could be done and were done but people did n't hear about them . 
  do you think this 80s peephole rings in the uk were not run by `` oligarchs '' ? 
  and 62k for 25 years for the czech republic is  15 % . 
  what 's your point ? 
  are you saying it 's too little and the uk should take more ? 
  it probably has not brought more power to oligarchs . 
  we probably are just more aware of the divide than ever before . 
  the interesting thing is that  stopping abuse of foreigners for cheap work might just lead to less economic activity in the uk . 
  thus less jobs in general , because they 've finally got a reason to move abroad . 
  are n't you doing the same with spain , though ? 
   it therefore follows that if any such job is taken by a non-uk resident , there is a uk resident who could have taken that job and has been prevented from doing so . 
  no , it does not follow from that at all . 
  what follows is the reduction of the number and success of business in the country over a long period of time . 
  here 's why : if a company is situated in the uk then the cheapest option generally is to hire somebody from the uk . 
  hiring from abroad incurs additional costs for relocation etc. 
  so , if both people were equal and they were being paid the same amount the cost for hiring from abroad is more expensive . 
  so why would a company hire from abroad ? 
  because the workers are significantly cheaper to hire from there . 
  what does this mean if the government of the uk starts dissuading companies from hiring like this ( significantly increasing their costs and affecting pr negatively ) ? 
  it means that said companies just relocate away from the uk to the country that has the cheaper workforce . 
  so now the people that were from the uk and worked in said company ca n't do it either . 
  whenever you increase burdens on companies like this you will lower the amount and success of companies that operate in said country . 
  it is a difficult metric to compile , because this effect has immense inertia . 
  it might take a decade or more to see it , and by that point it 'll be blamed on other factors . 
   but the point is that it has to be advertised in the uk before it can be advertised abroad but why ? 
  well , it is being spied upon to some degree of course ( definitely by forces outside of your country , perhaps in your own country too ) . 
  but the uk has additional issues there - remember that blacklist thing ? 
  yeah , that 's the uk . 
  but , but blacklists are great !!, 
  think of the children . 
   we 've been using for years without decending into a facist state ( as seems to be r/europe 's projection whenever we do anything about immigration ) i 'm pretty sure this descent was witnessed and expressed way before the whole immigration drama started . 
  remember the cameras ? 
  the internet blocking ? 
  the `` unlock this with a password or we will hold you indefinitely '' ? 
  of course it wo n't . 
  stop being silly . 
  i * fixed * this . 
  the first `` any '' was also auto corrected to `` ant '' . 
  i hate using swype sometimes . 
  i wonder if any of the workers then asked management `` how can you say that ? 
  are you not human ? 
  do you not have any empathy ? '', 
  edit : 2 `` ants '' got in there instead of `` any '' .
