  i could easily think of a few materials that would cost more than that for the same amount as a watch though . 
  it 's like mathematical induction !, 
  i 'm pretty sure that putin 's actions have made the leaders of ukraine do a whole bunch of things due to his actions . 
  it 's also entirely possible to make deals that are n't openly discussed . 
  you 're right . 
  thank you for pointing it out and allowing me to fix it . 
  oh , so you 're saying that the saudis not willing to stop production was n't in any way politically motivated or involved in keeping oil prices low ? 
  i guess it was just a coincidence that all these factors lined up during the time of sanctions and the time their relations with other countries deteriorated . 
  well , if you consider the mid-atlantic mountain range as the wall , then technically we do have two moats !, 
  we already did . 
  we even have a moat around the wall . 
  well , at least he 'll let you finnish before moving several meters away at the bus stop . 
  they should play the debate during the game for all the players so you can see their reactions . 
  the point is that while you might survive it still hurts a lot . 
  oh , so you 're saying that putin has managed the russian economy well ? 
  i could 've sworn that due to his foreign policy that russia was sanctioned , and on top of that the saudis fucked russia with oil production ( maybe a deal with the us by the saudis ? ) . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong of course . 
  well , the title is kind of problematic then , no ? 
  why would that stop the conversation ? 
  you said that being wary of russia and drumming up support for it is being irrational . 
  the only point of view , where i can see that such actions are `` dangerous '' or `` irrational '' are from russia 's side . 
  if an eastern european country better prepares for an attack by russia , then how does it cause danger for anybody that 's on their side ( and everybody except russia is on their side ) . 
  i 'm not going `` lalalala you 're a russian shill '' here . 
  i just ca n't think of any other side than russia , where being wary of russia would seem `` irrational '' or `` dangerous '' . 
  and those were your own words . 
  you can of course explain how this action is dangerous to parties other than russia , so please do . 
   so important that everyone has them ? 
  that ukraine willfully sold them off ? 
  nuclear weapons are a plain old no-go . 
  everybody does n't have them , because getting them can only be done in secret . 
  other nuclear powers actively undermine a new country acquiring them . 
  also , the nukes ukraine had were n't their own . 
  they did n't have control over them and they were promised things in return for getting rid of them . 
   i 'm dismissing it because its irrational and dangerous . 
  are you going to cry if i don ; t agree with you ? 
  tell me : what 's so dangerous about this ? 
  what 's so dangerous about making preparations to defend your own country better ? 
  that does n't seem all that dangerous to me . 
  and how is it irrational ? 
  it seems to me that dismissing this is the irrational action , unless you are shilling for russia . 
  but then again , if someone told me you were a russian shill i 'd probably believe them . 
  after all , reddit has had plenty of them and there do n't seem to really be many people in this thread disagreeing other than you . 
   just as u.s. involvement in iraq wasn ; t about trying to annex the middle-east , russia isn ; t trying to annex eastern europe . 
  but they ** did ** annex crimea . 
  that happened . 
  it 's a fact . 
  there is no way around that fact , you ca n't just handwave it away . 
   i really hope that you do not take anything that any government says as gospel or at face value . 
  you mean things like `` article 5 will be triggered when your country gets attacked '' , right ? 
  after all , we ca n't believe it at face value . 
  edit : i had erroneously said `` article 50 '' here . 
   a country which moscow since the fall of the the polish-lithuanian duchy part of its sphere of influence . 
  you know what else was/is `` in the sphere of influence '' of moscow and historically has been ? 
  estonia . 
  so please , take your `` sphere of influence '' stuff elsewhere . 
  estonian territory was under russian rule for a long time . 
  so how does your argument not apply to estonia then as well ? 
  `` oh , estonia has just always been part of the sphere of influence or russia . 
  so it 's natural that russia would annex them . '', 
   nato is much bigger than one potential candidate . 
  yes , because the us military does n't make up the most significant portion of nato forces , right ? 
  and the us president is not the commander-in-chief , right ? 
   well we 've lived in an otherwise stable time , mostly we 've had balkanization and as i said , land grabs have otherwise been moot . 
  oh , so russia 's pretty much the only one ? 
  yeah , i wonder why we should be wary of russia . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  do we know what happened with mh17 ? 
  how long did it take until we had `` facts '' that claimed what happened ? 
  quite a long time , and by that point the war was already going on . 
  public opinion matters a lot in regards to wars . 
  public opinion does n't need just facts to get outraged or to not get outraged . 
  perceptions matter , and if you can misdirect the perception of something bad as something nobody knows about then that 's already a win . 
   actually that is a well defined political-science school of thought when it comes to nuclear weapons ... and yet they are considered to be incredibly important for nation states . 
   and we can ; ' t bank on people 's fears either . 
  yes eastern europe stagnated under soviet times , what do you want ? 
  the russian had it even shittier . 
  i want russians to keep their ambitions on this shit in their own country . 
  historically they have n't done that . 
  the entire post here is about being wary of them , yet you 're just dismissing this . 
   crimea was practically rented to the russians and is a tiny portion of non-contiental ukraine . 
  you think any other state would n't protect its strategic interests like this ? 
  i 'm pretty sure if germany said `` no '' to the us , then the us would not try to annex the parts of germany with the bases . 
  this is the shit we keep hearing with regards to russia all the time . 
  `` oh , you think others do n't do this ? '', 
  yet when you ask for examples of other countries in the 21st century starting a war to annex territory they go `` muh iraq . 
  murica is just as bad . '', 
  `` reasonable '' or `` accepted '' does n't matter if your purpose is to misdirect the attention of the public . 
  what 's important is that some people will disagree , so the attention is n't on the main issue for russia ( the war itself ) . 
  i wonder how much brexit had to do with this eu army idea . 
  i imagine that britain would 've always been against this , so other eu countries just never considered it seriously , but now that we heard that britain does n't want to be part of it anyway , that an eu army proposal could actually go forward . 
  because it caused a pr shitstorm . 
  people online still ca n't seem to properly agree which side shot it down ( just go on / r/russia right now and talk about it , see how far you get ) . 
  every time this topic was brought up for a while people disagreed even on here . 
  this brought public attention away from the russian invasion into ukraine . 
   so , wwiii for a port ? 
  that 's the reason you give me ? 
  except ww3 is not guaranteed . 
  nothing in these relations is ever guaranteed . 
   so why do we sign a treaty in the first place if you think anyway no one is going to respect it ? 
  that 's a weird logic .
