  it 's very easy to misinform the public about it and in some sense still be `` right '' ( not lying ) . 
  and parents that would be hit by the op 's post are less likely to take the child there . 
  preventative healthcare is cheaper . 
  of course the parent wo n't let the kid die on purpose , but if the symptoms are n't very serious then they 'll just stay . 
   ~ 15 % of research funding in the uk comes from the eu . 
  so what percentage of the budget of the uk is the uk paying into the eu ? 
  it 's about 1.7 - 1.8 % of the budget of the uk . 
  alright . 
  yeah , i agree with that . 
  perhaps in this case , but if the wife legitimately did things that an aide would do then would that not be okay ? 
  or are you not allowed to have family work as your aide ? 
   security guys overseeing them just stand around doing nothing all day . 
  the detectors for the mall at the red square are outside . 
  those guys just stood there in -15 to -20 degrees weather . 
  i felt bad for them . 
  yes , because whomever declares it last is always the one screwing the rest over . 
  oh man , that this feels like a compliment but unfortunately is untrue . 
  the biggest difference is that moscow is a lot bigger . 
  it also has bridges you ca n't walk across much to my dissatisfaction . 
  oh , and moscow has a metro !, 
  overall , i would say that many parts of it look just like tallinn . 
  many of the buildings look the same . 
  even the location of the buildings compared to one another is similar . 
  they 're the apartment buildings from soviet times after all . 
  the camera guy that was part of wargaming staff had to show all his equipment in the bag and explain what they were for . 
  and he was part of the staff group !, 
  the two malls next to the red square . 
  i forgot the names of them though . 
  then there 's that bridge mall near moscow city . 
  all 3 of them had security checks when entering . 
  i was n't really searched . 
  the guy with equipment was , but that 's not the point . 
  the fact that these security checks exist in the first place is bizarre for me , because i doubt they do much . 
  they 're most definitely not going to stop or even deter a terrorist . 
  it just seems insanely expensive for a feel-good measure . 
  but maybe it exists just to provide jobs , i do n't know . 
  oh , i only had to show my bag like once . 
  it 's the detectors being there at all that is really odd to me . 
  i was in moscow last month . 
  the main thing that i did not expect at all nor did i ever even think about was security . 
  everywhere you went there are security checks . 
  by security checks i mean that you have to give away your bag , step through some detector , and be ready to show and explain the contents of your bag . 
  this kind of security was * everywhere * . 
  going to a mall/supermarket ? 
  step through security . 
  going to an expocenter ? 
  step through security . 
  going to a metro station or train station ? 
  step through security . 
  entering a hotel ? 
  step through security . 
  entering the airport * building * ( not the secure area ) ? 
  step through security . 
  that was completely unexpected for me . 
  i 'm just glad that i did n't have to carry more electronics around with me than my phone , because the guy carrying camera equipment seemed to have problems at these security checks . 
  there have n't been many things that surprise me when i 've gone to other countries , but this was definitely one of them . 
  -- oh and during the christmas market at the red square i saw [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pivof1mh.jpg ) being sold . 
  yes , that 's a matryoshka of lenin , putin , and trump . 
  the thing is that these kinds of rules prevent people from starting their business . 
  if you were to start in the us you would not have to put up with this kind of stuff . 
  you would have to deal with it once you * expand * to the eu . 
  this means that you already have stuff established to a degree . 
  also , i honestly do not see why you would include the smaller eu countries anyway as your customers . 
  they 're a small market and the countries are n't even that rich . 
  honestly , if you were the creator of some technology-oriented thing like a website or application then i do not see why you would keep it in europe . 
  the situation here is not favorable : just look at what you have to deal with to sell something inside the eu . 
  you have to report to * every * tax authority of every nation that 's part of the eu just for vat . 
  the eu does not have a good environment for starting business that are web-oriented . 
  the reason why money is in this is because * you * brought up financial incentives . 
  then you also keep bringing up an industry where margins are way higher than on the web . 
  most of the automotive industry does not barely keep afloat or are running in the red . 
  many websites do n't . 
  on top of that you keep saying that it 's the responsibility of the website that serves you the content even though the actual ad content comes from another source . 
  yet you deny that the end user bears responsibility if their computer gets hijacked and that computer causes damage elsewhere . 
   nonsense , there have been too many exploits , that required no user input , to keep track of . 
  not every malicious program requires you to run notatrojan.exe . 
  then why do n't we hold the software developers of that software liable ? 
  after all they 're the ones that created the security hole that enabled malicious software to work . 
   do you think if my ford explodes due to a manufacturing defect , i 'll go to sue ford , and the judge will say `` oh it was the bolts , go sue the bolt company '' , followed by `` oh it was the steel , go sue the refinery '' , then `` oh it was the ore , go sue the mining company '' ? 
  no , i sue ford , i win , then ford can go off and sue whoever the fuck they want for sending them shoddy whatever . 
  and ford makes a shitton more money too than a website on the internet . 
  if there 's a bug on windows or another program that causes you some losses do you sue microsoft for it ? 
  cause for the malicious stuff to work without user input it needs bugs and flaws ...  and yes , i `` save '' money by not paying for av , same as i `` save '' money by not paying for medical insurance , and not going to the dentist , and not changing my oil . 
  but it 's a risk , and the risk is mine . 
  but ad revenue ? 
  again , pick the biggest payer , and if 1,000,000 people have their identity stolen because of it , the site owner holds zero financial responsibility . 
  and websites also take the risk with this . 
  if your machine gets `` owned '' and becomes part of a botnet you might now literally be contributing to ddos efforts or distributing malware yourself . 
  should n't you then also be responsible for that ? 
  yet you also carry no responsibility for any damage your machine might do to others when your machine gets compromised . 
  do you think they * want * to serve malicious ads or something ? 
  you can bring as many analogies of the automotive industry that has massive margins as you want , but it does n't translate over to how the web works . 
  if some of the most important and best known websites for a long time did not even turn a profit then messing with things that will affect revenue even a little bit will have immense consequences . 
  the browser already tells you . 
  open developer tools by pressing f12 and you will find out all the requests your browser makes while serving that webpage . 
  and go out of business and we wo n't have sites like youtube because ad revenue became more scarce as it costs more to vet ads . 
  i 'm pretty sure if large parts of the auto industry were impossible without the cheapness of outsourcing those bolts then the defense would work fine . 
  why ? 
  because we would n't have most cars otherwise . 
  it 's the same for websites : ad revenue has been going down the toilet for many years and if you place more restrictions on it then it 'll drop even further .
