  i would say there is a very high chance that he can speak estonian due to the way he pronounced certain things during the video . 
  of course , it is n't necessarily true . 
  * technically * it would only be 446 million `` continentals '' if the uk left the eu . 
  woosh . 
  it was just a joke , man . 
  i would n't listen to her . 
  cutestgirleu < -- the name clearly says that she 's biased as pro-eu , because if there was no eu that name would hold no value . 
  that would make such a rule much scarier , because whenever you introduce rules that are only sometimes enforced when people feel like it , you open the door a tiny bit more for corruption and discrimination . 
  this is great info , but i would much rather like to see a reputable source putting together the cost for * just * the leave vote that brexit had with all the uncertainty it caused . 
  i just hope somebody does look at this in the coming years when we can use 20/20 hindsight . 
  whether leave happens or does n't happen , or whatever form leave will take , just the vote itself will have definitely caused economic repercussions and i would love to see a good summary of those . 
  some of the effects , of course , wo n't be visible today . 
  are you asking me why people from sweden do n't make their entertainment in english instead of swedish ? 
  or why the germans make their movies in german ? 
  i do n't know , why do n't americans make movies in chinese ? 
  the british do make two-three nice shows i guess . 
  and there are a few nice video games ( eg the witcher ) , but overall there is n't all that much . 
  probably a big reason for this is that every country has their own language that is not english . 
  well , i 'm here unrelated . 
  i do n't visit this sub that often . 
  also the guy in the ec that really tried taking the issue of a digital single market up was our old prime minister so we probably hear a bit more about it . 
  the issue is that this single move went directly against the idea of a single market . 
  businesses have and do exclude european countries from their * digital * goods and services just because of this . 
  accounting firms are additional cost . 
  if they offer all-inclusive packages then yeah , but if the client picks and chooses countries then it 's not so good . 
  it costs around the same amount to run bookkeeping for each of the member states , yet a country like estonia or latvia has a much smaller market than a country like germany . 
  the difference is probably larger than just an order of magnitude yet the cost related to bookkeeping is the same for both countries . 
  it would make sense to just exclude estonia and latvia and save the money , no ? 
  i understand the reason for such taxation to happen , but it completely fucks the idea of a single digital market over really hard . 
  the solution to it is to simply throw in with one of the big companies like google or amazon and give them a significant cut or just not do business in certain countries with * digital * goods and services . 
  it 's another barrier that we need to overcome . 
  it also did n't help that these taxation laws went into effect during the time people wanted to start talking about the digital single market . 
  go read about the way vat is handled for digital goods . 
  when the change went live i literally got emails from certain services i was using which said that after those laws pass they will not be able to offer the service/products to my country anymore . 
  the reason for this is that keeping all this taxation stuff on the books is hard because you have to answer to all the tax authorities of all the countries you 're selling to , so just excluding some of the poorer or smaller countries is actually going to save you money . 
  a lot of people just do n't talk about it because they instead now just use a big distributor like google or amazon , because without them they would have to deal with this vat taxation bs on their own . 
  there 's european media ? 
  but you need to have an internet connection for that . 
  yeah , and they had such a great start with their taxation rules , whereby smaller european countries are being excluded from certain digital goods and services because of these taxation rules as complying with them is too costly/not worth the effort . 
  how would that be the case though ? 
  the eu completely fucked everyone in the poorer/smaller european countries buying digital goods , with their idiotic taxation scheme , which now enables companies to say `` sorry , we ca n't sell digital goods to your country because complying with the law to do so is way too hard and expensive '' . 
  the licenses themselves are also sold completely elsewhere . 
  if a fuss were to be kicked up what likely would happen is that said product just would never end up being available in that country . 
  what 's a `` baltic publisher '' ? 
  the baltics have like 6 million people with an average net monthly income of like 680-700 euros . 
  the common language they speak is english . 
  geographically they are in the north eastern europe . 
  why would you even buy a specific game license for that region ? 
  people do n't have a lot of disposable income there . 
  they almost all speak english and are divided by native language , so localizing games is pointless . 
  there pretty much is no such thing as a '' baltic publisher '' . 
  should n't such a statement immediately disqualify you from making any hiring decisions ? 
  also , does n't saying something like this out loud enable lawful action for male candidates that get rejected in the future ? 
  even if that was n't the reason for the rejection , but if the head of hiring expresses such a view , such accusations would be taken much more seriously , no ? 
  but what if portugal pulls a departugal from the eu and then invades spain ? 
  i do n't mean to be rude , but he should have thought of this * before * he threw a bottle at him . 
  we 'll make our own potato union !, 
  if estonia were to leave the eu would we call it the `` eeexit '' ? 
  ( eesti 's domain online is . ee ) . 
  this uncertainty is still part of brexit . 
  the uncertainty is still due to the vote on brexit . 
  what currently happens will still have consequences on the future . 
  the world does n't stand still to wait for what the uk will do . 
  i hope you do n't mind if i start using that quote . 
  woosh . 
  that is true !, 
  i was talking about the population of ukraine compared to taiwan . 
  yep , and space is considered to start at 100km . 
  100/7 = 14 . something . 
  well , those are still large , but you 're right after rereading the statement . 
  yes , but they have double the population and a gigantic advantage in land area . 
  like the wall . 
  usa gon na use the wall properly under trump . 
  a large portion of the us economic power is tied into its military-industrial complex . 
  it 's an incredible thing for defense because the us could force it into military production and in a protracted war absolutely no country could withstand it . 
  however , this also means that during peace those sections have to do something . 
  china was pretty good at this gunpowder thing . 
  perhaps in the future but icbms come in at near orbital velocities . 
  we 're talking a dozen to a few dozen seconds from entering the atmosphere to hitting the target . 
  yes , and that 's worse because ukraine actually has an army and a ton of landmass . 
  it does n't . 
  it 's the opposite . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/apr/20/brexit-could-cost-uk-science-millions-in-lost-research-funding-peers-warn ) . 
   the uk contributed nearly # 4.3 bn for eu research projects from 2007 to 2013 , but received nearly # 7bn back over the same period, 
  probably gta . 
  it 's always those darned videogames . 
  we , as in everyone . 
  and it 's relevant because they 're both organizations that we allow to exist . 
  business gets power from the government that gets power from the people . 
  if we have an issue with certain things with business we should have the same issues with governments . 
  we tolerate it in governments though ? 
  of course they have n't seen negative consequences . 
  when something bad happens to the economy your circumstances do n't immediately change . 
  it 's just that wage increase next year you were promised is going to be replaced by a wage reduction or maybe even being made redundant . 
  or some other change like that . 
  this stuff takes time to affect the average person . 
  in fact , it could even take a decade or more for some of the effects to be seen , because of things like less companies being founded or funded during some period . 
  that 's an average of 21 seconds per arrest . 
  just coming up with that many names in the time given would 've been pretty hard . 
  yes , but youtube needs a lot more to run than games .
