  and [ this ] ( http://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/poultry-products/703/2 ) . 
  100g of chicken breast has 31g of protein . 
  you probably should eat something like 60-120g of protein a day . 
  in pure chicken that would be a good 200-400g every day . 
  of course there are many other sources of protein that are not meat as well . 
  it 's just that quite a few people i know likely do n't eat enough protein . 
  i know i did n't . 
  you know , you can set the site/graph into english . 
  yes !, 
  we 're not the worst !, 
  remember guys , this is the `` productivity '' that we use for economics . 
  it 's not the same productivity that laymen usually talk about . 
  that means that it 's not about uk workers being lazier . 
  every time i 've seen people talk about productivity on this subreddit based on some news article , it always comes down to bashing workers . 
  just do n't . 
   the benefits of trade are broad and subtle , the drawbacks are very specific , affect a relatively small part of the population but are very visible . 
  you 're right . 
  however , the reason why the benefits are broad and subtle are that they generally improve the situation of everyone by a little bit , whereas the negatives are felt * very hard * by a few . 
  it might not be a zero-sum game , but that does not mean there are no losers . 
  the people that lose their jobs due to offshoring to a cheaper country are going to lose out in this situation . 
  quality of life in the country might improve on average , but some people will still be losers in this situation . 
  agreed , i think corporations need to be snow to incentivize politicians even more than they currently do . 
  there have apparently been people that jumped off a skyscraper and survived due to the wind whisking then back . 
  and no , i 'm not thinking about the superman joke . 
  [ wikipedia about it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/empire_state_building#suicide_attempts ), 
  they 're offering a service , of course they 're trying to make a profit . 
  all the other steps are related to that . 
  how many other services do you know where people are not trying to make money ? 
  i use swype and for some reason it has always picked up the word purple instead of people . 
  i 'm bringing up a comparison to show the difficulty in what they are trying to legislate . 
  i see a whole bunch of germans here go `` but the government gave them an opportunity and they did n't fix it ! '', 
  yet they seem to be completely oblivious how difficult it is and what the ramifications of implementing it are . 
  sometimes what needs to be done is not justified even if you 're trying to curb hate . 
  you would n't find it reasonable to record all phone conversations to find a few people that say hateful things over phone conversations to one another , because the recording of all calls is worse than the hateful things some people say . 
  the situation is similar with this bill . 
  the measures that will be taken to comply with this bill will just hurt the users of these social media sites . 
  this includes people who have no intention of saying anything hateful . 
  the way this law works is just stupid . 
  then again , it 's not like we have n't seen silly legal issues like this before in germany . 
  you say this , but under this law what would happen is that if enough purple disagree with you and report your post , your post gets removed . 
  why ? 
  because the fines are too great to risk that chance for a post made online . 
  edit : purple = people, 
  the problem is that the rules that will bee implemented are ripe for abuse . 
  would you say it 's okay for the government to listen to ** all ** phone conversations so they can deal with racism ? 
  probably not . 
  while fighting gate is not a bad thing , the method by which this would be done is . 
  you do understand that reddit would * also * fall under social media , right ? 
   well , the german gouvernment gave the social media companies over a year time to come up with something ? 
  only very few , like youtube , really did in an effective way . 
  that 's because this is not something you can so easily fix . 
  youtube is actually a completely different type of platform to things like reddit , twitter etc. 
  on youtube it 's the people managing the channels that moderate the comments sections , not really youtube itself . 
  why ? 
  because they have money on the line . 
   and the social media basicly publishes our conversations and make money with it , so there is some similarity . 
  there 's a lot more similarity to people having conversations and others just overhearing them . 
  it 's more like a bar , where people have discussions and conversations that others can hear from the side . 
  social media offers the space . 
  ps i did n't downvote you , so do n't take it the wrong way . 
  except social media is not about `` media . '', 
  do you consider our interactions here to be `` media '' ? 
  because i consider them more like conversations we would have in real life except it 's just facilitated by technology . 
  because for a company like youtube to still allow people to leave whatever comments they want and for people to still freely upload videos it will be too expensive to keep policing all of the content and still adhering to the 24 hour rule . 
  it just takes too much manpower . 
  it 's better to either not offer the service , or alternatively , to simply automatically remove videos and comments based on a few reports . 
  then have humans go over some of them that they can and reinstate them that seem okay . 
   again , why would i care if it 's diffcult for a fucking billion dollar corporation ? 
  they have money to throw around from all the profits they make to employ people to fix this shit . 
  because what these laws expect is infeasible . 
  those companies would not work if they would have to play by those rules everywhere . 
   they want to to make business so they need to follow the rules . 
  and they will . 
  it 'll be treated just like all the other silly rules germany has had in the past , where the losers are the german people . 
  sure , the companies will take somewhat of a hit in germany , but in the end it 's the people that use the services that end up stuck with subpar services . 
   i 'm amazed why would ever people sympathize with lobbying of those big companies . 
  they will call every regulation `` too difficult '' if it costs them money . 
  because we 're not listening to lobbyists . 
  we 're using our own heads to think about the problem . 
  we understand that there is no realistic solution for what the lawmakers want . 
  at least not one that does n't censor people based on reports . 
  there are so many interactions between people online and they * all * have to be monitored and dealt with accordingly . 
  these companies ca n't operate if all the complaints have to be looked over within 24 hours by real people , and algorithmically we ca n't actually filter out messages like that . 
  there 's a reason why you still have a `` spam '' folder in your email inbox , because the algorithms are n't always right about this thing . 
  now imagine trying to find hate speech that 's many times more difficult to spot than spam ( because spam gets sent to many people ) . 
  -- i do n't know about you , but i like using websites like reddit and youtube , so this stuff does matter to me . 
  on the other hand , i do n't live in germany so i guess you can ruin it for yourselves as much as you want . 
   to non-european companies . 
  i 'm not sure i 've used an online service of an european company where i 've wanted to pay money . 
  the vast majority are * non-european companies * , so there * is * a use for paypal . 
  and if i already have paypal set up why would i bother with this if they accept paypal ? 
   that is meaningless , because it can show you whatever you chose and count something else . 
  it remains a black box , contrary to a paper ballot . 
  but this means the system itself is compromised . 
  considering that thing is rather heavily controlled * and * that 's open source i 'm not sure we have to worry that much about all the systems being compromised . 
   fair enough if it stays like that . 
  it 's been this way for 10 years . 
  i know that such vote manipulations do exist . 
  i 'm just saying that paper vote manipulation is a threat as well . 
  i actually agree that our e-voting system is not that great in operational security .
