  also , they say that we have `` universal healthcare '' , but that 's not quite true . 
  unemployed and similar do not get healthcare . 
  and when you do get employment it takes a while for that hesitate to kick in.i believe it 's a month after you start working full time . 
  this could very well mean that people at risk for these issues do not get treatment beforehand . 
  no , but denmark 's flag is from estonia . 
  so technically this is the birthplace of the `` nordic cross '' . 
  well , we are further north than denmark . 
  why does this rhyme ? 
  sounds like a useless muddying of waters . 
  it 's clearly just net income . 
  then again , this stuff is probably useful to make people think they 're better off than they are . 
  kind of like payroll taxes make it seem like taxes are lower than they are . 
  wait , so this * disposable income * is actually * net salary * ? 
  the problem is that the number written there is very close to * average net salary * . 
  unless people literally do n't have rent and bills i do n't see how that number would be possible . 
  well , i was thinking the same thing that this does n't seem right . 
  that 's in the range of average net salary rather than disposable income . 
  is n't oslo * slightly * more north than tallinn ? 
   jesus fuck , every time i see this argument i wonder whether the poster is 12 or they simply never had contact with any kind of democratic system . 
  or perhaps they seem to understand something you do n't ? 
   it 's literally impossible for citizens to agree with a political party in every single issue , for a country of 40 million you 'd need 40 million political parties and even that would n't be enough on a bad day . 
  yeah , that 's right , but there usually are parties that are close enough . 
  if not , then you can make your own . 
   people vote the less bad option do they ? 
  is that how people got trump ? 
  or how the whole brexit thing happened ? 
  people vote while being uninformed and then later realize they made a mistake , so now they protest . 
  yes , it is n't like this every time , but very often the assholes do get voted for . 
  not `` the less bad option , '' but simply whoever seems popular . 
  voting for other politicians also tends to help , but you know , that requires people to actually vote . 
  oh , they do that precisely for the reason i mentioned : to attract business . 
  it 's just that western europe is upset over it because businesses do go to eastern europe instead of western europe . 
   lowering the barriers to entry and creating efficient bureaucracies would go a lot further than hacking away at taxes . 
  but everyone 's already lowering barriers . 
  think about estonia 's `` e-residency '' type stuff . 
  taxes also are n't high , but it does n't always show success . 
  except this scaling does n't work for all types of products . 
  it does for some , but it does n't for others . 
  * some * things do scale like this . 
  usually things like rent scale based on income in the local area . 
  other things like electronics do n't scale at all with this . 
  a new cpu is going to cost pretty much the same where you are and in eastern europe , if it does n't even cost more in eastern europe due to resellers being the only ones that sell it there . 
  things like food do scale a bit with income , but it 's not by the same amount as income . 
  people in eastern europe just make do with less . 
  labour cost is a good way to look at it though , because some governments have `` hidden '' taxes like payroll taxes to make the tax burden seem smaller than it is . 
  average gross salary in estonia right now is 1153 $ , but this does n't account for the 33 % payroll tax . 
  so the employer actually has to pay 1542 $ even though the employee actually gets 925 $ as net salary . 
  yet the salary number that was discussed was 1153 $ . 
  how do you calculate cost of living though ? 
  some goods people buy are priced the same regardless where you are while others change a bit and some others keep in sync with income . 
  how do you quantify this ? 
  if i 'm buying a computer then the components of that computer cost pretty much the same in most places . 
  if i 'm buying food in most places in europe then i 'm paying more or less the same amounts for the more common food . 
  it can vary but not nearly as much as income does . 
  if i 'm looking for a place to live and pay rent then that number likely keeps lock step with income , because people would n't be able to afford it otherwise . 
   the cost of living is also scaled down . 
  is it ? 
  other than rent i do n't really see it . 
  most of the goods you buy do n't scale according to your income from european country to european country . 
  if you 're buying a new computer you 're paying the same amount . 
  if you 're buying food you 're more or less paying the same amount . 
  it 's just that you make 2.5 x more money in one country than in another one . 
  the problem is that many in the eu do n't seem to want to `` let the market grow . '', 
  how do you propose eastern european countries should get higher paying jobs or jobs in general ? 
  by attracting business . 
  one of the ways to do so is better taxation , but there are many that rail hard against this . 
  oh , so they have unfettered and undetected access to the system to manipulate it . 
  that 's incredible . 
  would n't this effect look the same even when you had e-voting though ? 
  but i have to take my wallet out with my id card . 
  then i have to insert it into the card reader . 
  that takes * effort * . 
  because the code is openly available and you can go read it . 
  https://github.com/vvk-ehk/evalimine/tree/5930c39a8282dfb2ca79eabacc36c2675485b24e the worry about the system seems to be in the wrong place . 
  it 's not about whether the election servers can be manipulated . 
  they might be , but it 's unlikely . 
  at least it 's unlikely that it will happen in a way that nobody notices . 
  the worry with a system we have is when there is manipulation on the voter 's end . 
  the worry is about the vote being changed before it gets to the election servers . 
  not only is that much more vulnerable than the servers it 's also difficult to detect . 
   it 's easy when people do n't give a fuck about elections , but with paper any election rigging is definitely more noticeable . 
  is it ? 
  while they might be counted publicly the votes are n't always in the public eye . 
  who knows what someone might 've dropped in there meanwhile . 
  and unfortunately the only flaws shown are about operational security . 
  i say unfortunately , because people do n't seem to respect operational security enough , so it just gets dismissed . 
   actual paper votes are always counted publicly with witneses infront of a comitty . 
  they can be recounted at any point in time . 
  how do you count digital votes ? 
  the thing is that it 's not about the counting . 
  the code is open source and you can just read it . 
  the scary part is somebody changing your vote before you get to cast it . 
  then again , this risk exists with paper voting to some degree as well . 
  but was it a gui program ? 
  hey , was n't estonia actually the worst at alcohol some years ago according to some lists ? 
  pure alcohol consumption at least . 
  eg [ this ] ( http://www.worldatlas.com/articles/who-drinks-the-most-alcohol-consumption-by-country.html ) one . 
  yeah , that would be hard to balance . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.nutritionix.com/i/usda/chicken-breast-grilled-3-oz/463d623797fd4d0a9f16ffe2 ) would be more on my side . 
  so would [ this ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=chicken+breast+nutrition+info ) .
