  also , it 's not quite the same as with the british `` empire '' . 
  this power could very well be used , it 's just that we generally are n't in situations where it would or could be used . 
  it generally is considered a pr position , but technically the president does have a substantial amount of power . 
  the president has a veto power on new legislation , the president can pardon people , the president is the only one that can start a criminal indictment against the chancellor of justice , and the president has to agree to any criminal indictments to any judges . 
  on top of this the president has to do a bunch of ceremonious tasks , but that could also be considered to be a part of the power the president wields . 
  technically it would be possible for a ceremonial position to drag some ceremony on , and thus cause something similar to gridlock ( especially with some help from parliament ) . 
  it 's a pretty odd position in estonia . 
  it 's considered to be a pr position , because in reality that power has n't really been used politically . 
  at least i have n't heard of this ever being a major event.overall the president is n't seen as having a lot of power in estonia . 
  we call our president our `` head of state '' ( riigipea ) , but the government is led by our prime minister . 
  edit : i followed up on the veto power by the urging of / u/starstrukk and found that this veto power can only be used if the new legislation seems to be unconstitutional , and the president can say `` nope '' and send it over to the supreme court . 
  if the supreme court decides it is constitutional then the president has no choice , and the veto does n't actually work . 
  why the hell do they call it a veto power then ? 
  nope . 
  it 's mostly just a figurehead position . 
  that 's why someone like toomas hendrik ilves was very good as a president , since he seemed to be fairly well-received abroad . 
  it was pretty funny to me . 
  there no gun here . 
  you buy gun from random corner store . 
  you 're saying one thing and giving a source but then if you look at the source you find out that it 's a generic free trade question . 
  food is undoubtedly good and vital for a person . 
  not a single person would say that people are not better off with did than without . 
  but this does n't mean that all food in ask circumstances is good and beneficial . 
  free trade is good , but if it comes at the cost of wrecking liberties then it 's not always worth it . 
  it does n't have to be complicated at all . 
  we 're using terms that we as people make up . 
  many people would not consider superstitions `` a religion '' , so you probably should n't consider it a religion . 
  are you saying that witchcraft and belief in some supernatural stuff is equivalent to a religion ? 
  that seems like a really weird thing to say , since last i checked there 's no church of witchcraft . 
  nit picking here : if `` i hate the mpaa '' is a fact , then is n't `` i do n't like this '' also objective ? 
  i do n't think this would change anything . 
  i 'm pretty sure these rules would definitely be pushed onto britain , brexit or no brexit . 
  what discussion is there to be had when the entire proposal can be summed up as `` we will protect all legacy industries related to copyright '' ? 
  everybody has to understand what 's being said in this proposal . 
  if it means spelling it out for them , then so be it . 
  because the guy you 're replying to has been advocating for these trade deals on here for years . 
  i do n't frequent this subreddit , but even i recognize his name . 
  he has an agenda . 
   which part of ` we get regulations that benefits us ' stops a company from innovating ? 
  the part where there is n't only one company out there . 
  the one company that sits at the top will just bend it in their favor to squash competition . 
  tadah , innovation successfully killed . 
   regulation does n't kill innovation except it does , because it sets forth rules that are n't bendable by new services , yet old ones can due to lobbying . 
  if you spoke in english then they 'd respond , because you 're a foreigner and probably do n't know things . 
  if you were finnish they would ignore you . 
  no , i mean that it would be front-page of / r/all and people would be calling for her job . 
  because it is politics and pr . 
  you push an agenda even if it does n't make sense . 
  that seems like a pretty rude thing to say . 
  i guess she ruined it for the french jonah hill fans that would 've otherwise met him . 
  edit : imagine a man saying that to a popular woman . 
  the internet would lose their minds . 
  this definitely seems like a thing in estonia as well . 
  some politicians just blame the eu for everything and some lay people do think that is the case . 
  it does put a barrier between the eu and uk . 
  so if brexit happens and the eu goes to shit for some reason then it wo n't pull the uk down with it . 
  it does also mean that there will be a lot less cooperation between eu countries and uk . 
  i do n't understand where that word came from . 
  especially the way it is pronounced . 
  it does n't seem like it lines up with anything around it . 
   the issue is not that `` he played a video game in a church '' . 
  he runs a video blog dedicated to mocking religion . 
  probably not years , but a couple of months might be reasonable . 
  because god forbid somebody mocks an institution that 's trying to lie to people and then perpetuate said lies . 
  and since that 's not bad enough , they also get exemptions from certain taxes and money from the government in certain countries . 
   atheism is a religion too for many intents and purposes , and there is probably just as much bigotry coming from the atheist camp as from any other . 
  if we could ban it as well , you might be on to something . 
  hahahaha , what ? 
  you think that it is okay to send somebody to jail for years for playing a game in a church ? 
  here 's an idea to get rid of bigotry related to religion : abolish it . 
  if it is n't practiced then you ca n't have problems caused by conflicts over it between people . 
  or at least stop propping it up with legal power . 
  of course they 're not going to do that because religion is a great way for the state to influence the masses there . 
  such a law should not even exist in 2016 . 
  but then again , it 's russia ... 
  okay then . 
  if you say so . 
  now we just need to put your amazing ideas into action and it will solve obesity worldwide . 
  and one of the reasons such people eat so much is because their brain never receives the signal to stop eating so the brain keeps rewarding the person for it . 
  these gastric bands help exactly with that - they make the person get the signal more easily do they would eat less . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  how would you help someone to eat less if you were a mental health practitioner ? 
  tell them not to do it ? 
  wait , i 'm pretty sure you talked about obese people before . 
  morbidly obese is quite different . 
  do you understand that mental health help is pretty much the hardest help to get since we have very little idea how this whole brain thing works ? 
  very often that mental health help is in fact propped up by crutches such as these gastric bands and they simply do based on some ideas that have worked in the past . 
  i think it has to do with people looking at their own circumstances and then being unable to understand that these things do n't work the same way for everyone else . 
  they fail to see how people can have different compulsions and desires based on their gut microbiology or hormones or neurotransmitters . 
  they just think `` but i dealt with it and everybody should be able to . 
  they just need to try harder ! '', 
  it just sounds so similar to the things that were said about depression before lots of awareness was spread . 
  you understand that not everybody has the same amount of self-control over the same things , right ? 
  a person that 's addicted to cigarettes needs a lot more self-control to abstain from cigarettes . 
  now make this about food instead : a person ca n't abstain from food , so they need to limit the intake but they still need to eat every day . 
  now a person addicted to this for some reason would need a lot more of your self-control to be able to handle this . 
  people are n't the same . 
  they have different compulsions due to their slightly differing physiology . 
  of course they could try harder and perhaps it would be fine , but stop expecting that everybody is able to act exactly like you . 
  i could very easily see it happen .
