  it 's much more expensive due to the bandwidth , availability , storage , processing power etc. 
  youtube red is a drop in the bucket compared to the ad revenue and is n't the determining factor whether they break even or lose money . 
  there are far too few youtube red subscribers for that . 
  however , if google dies find that they want more money they might do more on this . 
  maybe start limiting buffering for non-subscribers or similar . 
  you have to keep this shit in mind . 
  which is a very small portion of the users . 
  so no , it 's not a solution at all . 
  yes , but the other parts of google allowed youtube to continue its operation in the form that it was , because google makes enough money elsewhere to pay for it . 
  youtube is a very expensive thing . 
  however , its cultural value is massive . 
  its loss would be pretty bad and we have all seen what happens to services that are popular but unprofitable in other companies . 
  it 's about google and if google does spring cleaning on unprofitable things then the future of youtube might be bleak . 
  at least in its current form . 
  but with the rise of popularity in ad block it 's a bit questionable whether this would work or not in the long run . 
  of course they are trying , but they could lessen their ad restrictions or put even more ads on or something similar to that . 
  they could do all kinds of crazy shit like facebook does to make money off of you , but they end up doing a lot less . 
  i imagine google understand the value something as useful as youtube has to our culture and society . 
  a lot of the stuff google does is enabled by the fact that some things they do are very profitable . 
  also , a strategy where a company is nice to people is actually a pretty good one . 
  it might not give you instant return on money but a company like that will probably survive for a much longer time period . 
  yeah , because offering us services like youtube that operated ( operates ? ), 
  at a significant loss for many years is so heavily against public interests . 
  they 're the best one because they are better from a technical standpoint . 
  not because they 're abusing their power against other search engines . 
  i sure hope you do n't use services like youtube ( or want to see way more ads there ) because those would probably be the first to go because they are not profitable businesses . 
  so you 're saying that because google is n't trash like many of the other search engines we ca n't have nice things ? 
  if you break up google youtube might quite literally die . 
  it 's not a very profitable endeavor . 
  because google does many things which are * not profitable * , but a pretty nice thing for the world to have . 
  for instance , youtube . 
  there 's a reason no competitor of youtube is even anywhere close to what youtube offers . 
  google then tries to make up for it in other areas apparently sometimes resulting in stupid things . 
  well , it does n't have to happen now or even in 10 or 20 years , but the * next * time probably does look at the * previous * time . 
  i feel like this does not set a good precedent for similar things in the future . 
  would n't soldiers in a future coup ( that fails ) perhaps fight to the death instead ? 
  because the alternative ends up not being any better . 
  this . 
  this title should have been reworded to `` terrorist attack in nice '' . 
  what are you ? 
  hey , it 's easier to remember . 
  i would just like to point out how bizarre this is : we 're relying on a * facebook update * to know whether an airbase is fine or not that could trigger a war . 
  a * facebook update * . 
  on the other hand it hides their true colors . 
  people are a lot less likely to accept torture than `` just '' death . 
  there 's a eu blog about erroneous things said by the british media about the eu . 
  did n't really help though . 
  you should have asked `` what 's with the gray country on that map ? '', 
  how is it serious ? 
  it 's just playing with the uk for fun . 
  how could that possibly be serious ? 
  the russian union !, 
  i ca n't fucking imagine what the hell the us offered the eu in return for this . 
  what the eu gave away is a ridiculously high price . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  what in the actual fuck ? 
  i see . 
  i feel like it should have a different name . 
  what 's `` fertility rate '' ? 
  maybe we should dress it up as a positive ? 
  `` citizens , we are glad to announce that you can now pay more for the same goods . 
  this great new direction is thanks to all you brave citizens that formed the completely free and independent united england . 
  as a result of your brave actions we will be giving you a 3 hour rest period , where we will turn our surveillance cameras off from 2am to 5am every night . 
  however , to prevent crime , there will now be a curfew from 2am to 5am every night . 
  good day , citizen ! '', 
  do n't . 
  the better one is :  i wish i could lose pounds as fast as brexit . 
  it 's just a social experiment bro , calm down . 
  is n't that what you 're supposed to do ? 
  well , could 've been worse : just look at their football team . 
  trigger it and then resign !, 
  until the next referendum , duh . 
  you know that hitler was democratically elected , right ? 
   the financial crisis is far from over ; which is why this move is supremely idiotic by the uk . 
  it pushes things even closer to the cliff . 
  if you think this move helps in any way , then you 're precisely the reason why i said that `` real democracy '' is bad . 
  these kinds of decisions should not be left up to people on a popularity campaign , especially when the winning part only wins by a few percentages . 
  anything which could have such disastrous consequences needs to be decided by people who actually understand it . 
  if you let the masses decide then you need to make sure that the decision actually has to have strong support . 
  52 % is not strong support , you 're leaving 48 % of the people hanging . 
  and this in the short term has disastrous consequences . 
  in fact , this might very well have worse consequences than the issues with greece . 
  the funny thing is that they have n't even decided for sure whether they 're going to leave or not . 
  but just the vote by people with a small margin win caused this . 
  yeah , but oliver does n't hold the same opinions as the mainstream media pushes . 
  otherwise there would n't be so many `` controversial '' pieces about other industries . 
  if they could buy him off then do you really think gigantic industries would n't ? 
  well , at least their name would go down in history . 
  or maybe oliver just happens to hold opinions that align with many of the opinions the masses hold ? 
  if this is a good example of `` real democracy '' then `` real democracy '' is a very bad thing indeed . 
  just burn them all !, 
  burn them all !, 
  my apologies then . 
  my grandparents were taken away . 
  as a result my father ended up being born in russia . 
  all property etc was lost as well from what i could tell . 
  they eventually made their way back to estonia though . 
  the numbers were pretty staggering on these deportations - about 1 % of the population of estonia was deported in 1941 in this single night . 
  edit : on second thought , i 'm not sure if my grandparents were deported on june 14th in 1941 or march of 1949 . 
  chances are actually better that they were in the march match as they deported a larger amount of people .
