  every single sexual encounter does not have consent unless this happens , right ? 
  no , no , i do n't . 
  i would n't want to risk breaking the law based on `` you clearly know what i mean '' either . 
  well , i would say that people that are `` feeling a buzz '' are already * not being with their full senses * , there 's a reason we do n't allow people like that to drive . 
   so basically it allows a scenario where you 're both drunk , she 's all over you and comes home with you , does n't say no , lets you lead and does n't fight back . 
  come morning , you 're a rapist . 
  i can see why some people would vote yes . 
  this is clearly a loaded questionnaire to get shocking results . 
  how drunk is drunk though ? 
  one cocktail ? 
  two ? 
  three ? 
  four ? 
  five ? 
  six ? 
  seven ? 
  eight ? 
  a barrel ? 
  what do people mean with `` drunk '' here anyway ? 
  does tipsy count ? 
  what kind of blood alcohol level are we talking about ? 
  but is n't she also a rapist then ? 
  and this is a large problem with the survey . 
  the question is n't whether sex is okay without consent here , but rather what is consent . 
  so if they play with the definition of consent ( some of the legal ones are quite ridiculous ) they can get shocking results . 
  the issue seems to be with how they see families there . 
  i just can not fathom how people care this little about their own family members . 
  they can say that it 's `` traditional '' or similar , but that just tells me those people lack empathy or just do n't care . 
  who cares if your family is `` humiliated '' ? 
  she 's your family , you 're supposed to protect her , because if her family does n't , then who will ? 
   well , they wanted their sovereignty back well , they said that they can do a better job at it . 
  this is what a better job looks like , in other words , brits do want the porn ban . 
  well , i was mostly talking about the herring . 
  black bread 's okay . 
  i hope the girl 's okay . 
  everything . 
   estonia , 0 % on undistributed profit on distributed profit it 's 25 % . 
  but even with all this estonia 's competitiveness is questionable . 
  of course it could end up in front of the ecj . 
  britain is part of the eu until they leave , so almost anything there can end up in front of the ecj . 
  but you have to set up the narrative . 
  maybe one of those times it gets through without being called bullshit !, 
   given how tremendously eastern europe / ... / have developed their freeway system over the past decade this is why estonia is not part of eastern europe !, 
  i read a book , it did n't mention the name even once . 
  if there 's no government then nobody 's there to screw things up . 
  if you 're using chrome you can install an add on named audio eq ( or anything else that does something similar ) and select mono for audio output to make this listenable . 
  i agree with you . 
  i consider him estonian , my complaint is that recent events have shown him to not be as nice as i initially thought . 
  well , you can feel free to become a top dota 2 professional yourself . 
  until then puppey is what they know . 
  well , they could announce it as such . 
  i bet they could make decent looking buildings without inflating prices though . 
   in conclusion , nothing to see here really . 
  i 'll maybe start taking this claim seriously once they stop cooperating with united russia . 
  you see , people actually want to be able to afford a place to live . 
  it 's difficult to point out the issues as to * why * said person would consider them stupid . 
  there are just so many , and quite a few of them are something you can argue over . 
  you could never actually get your whole point across if you start explaining things in detail . 
  a coherent argument tends to not fit into a soundbite , but calling others stupid does . 
   i agree with you , but still please do n't call people stupid , even if you are right . 
  it just does n't help anyone . 
  i somewhat agree , but i believe that * not * pointing it out could also be harmful . 
  if you do n't point out stupid things as being stupid then some people will think it 's okay and normal . 
  it might end up festering and turn into a monster . 
  it does n't necessarily have to go this way , but it could . 
  trump did say some pretty suspect things . 
  if you think what trump said is racist , then he 's a racist , and people supporting him are supporting a racist . 
  this logic does n't seem too far fetched for me at all , although it would n't make the supporters racist , but i 'm not quite sure what you would call them instead . 
  the thing with `` stupidity '' is that people will argue for their viewpoint , and very loudly so , even when they seem to not understand the topic . 
  there were these calls about how `` eu is undemocratic '' and these calls were echoed quite widely . 
  the problem here is that many of these people likely do not know how the eu works even on the surface , because they probably would n't be making such claims if they did . 
  you have to go into quite a bit of nuance to find issues to nitpick on where you can say that it 's undemocratic - the main institutions really are n't * that * different from other parliamentary democracies . 
  this means that you will get a whole bunch of people shouting populist slogans without understanding what those slogans mean . 
  people will call them idiots for it , and if there 's enough of those people in the group then this image will spread . 
  considering britain doing things like the snooper 's charter maybe it 's not such a bad thing if they leave . 
  please do n't . 
  it 's bad for everyone involved . 
   but in practise having to live in the same household as your rapist is abhorrant . 
  do n't humans have some coping mechanisms for that though ? 
  stockholm syndrome or similar things . 
  i 'm not saying it 's okay , but would n't this kind of behavior have come up a lot during the insanely long period of time during prehistory where this kind of behavior was more common ? 
   but tends to agree because as ` damaged goods ' it 's the only hope to ever find a husband if you think about it this way , then this law is n't as crazy . 
  however , you still have to remember that people really should n't feel that they 're `` damaged goods '' for being subjected to something horrible like that . 
  and this law seems to me like it would simply deepen people 's ideas of `` damaged goods '' rather than change them . 
  this law just seems crazy . 
  you can justify it in some backwards way , but it defyingly is not good for progress in their society . 
  honestly , i would * not * download a job . 
  i feel the same way . 
  i feel that brussels is less likely to screw us on some fundamental rights than almost any of the individual eu governments . 
  and this is the reason why i like the eu . 
  i think that it is harder for the eu to screw rights like this than it is for my own government . 
  there 's also plenty of time to still have a nuclear war . 
  i feel sorry for that man . 
  i hope he gets at least a bit of justice . 
  i wonder if we 've always lived in such an era , but we just did n't get to see the reactions openly . 
  the city/town i live in also has some greenhouses not far from where i live . 
  if it 's cloudy and there 's snow on the ground then you do n't need lights at night . 
  you could go skiing in the woods some kilometers from the greenhouses and you would still see completely fine at night . 
  it 's pretty incredible . 
  does n't that indicate it is related though ?
