  change email addresses ? 
  block the senders ? 
  set up blocking rules for the senders ? 
   they are normal people like you and me that can not afford expensive lawsuits or pr firms . 
   this needs to change . 
  everyone is equal and everyone is entitled to have their rights protected . 
  not just rich people . 
  i hope you understand that this would actually enable the rich people who get offended to more easily sue the people that offend them . 
  it 's not fixed through technical means , because it 's a very difficult thing to fix . 
  it has little to do with `` does n't seem necessary '' . 
  td limitations on / r/all have little to do with brigading . 
  exactly . 
  but these people here seem to think that that would n't be the case . 
  the company would never come out and say they would do this , but they could easily just do this quietly . 
   it 's defamation when you 're accusing someone of being a criminal when that person was not convicted as a criminal . 
   why ? 
   because it breaks the basic human right that says everyone is innocent until proven guilty . 
   it all goes back to basic human rights . 
  so you 're telling me that you expect random twitter mods to know exactly when a person that is being accused of being a criminal is actually a convicted criminal ? 
  every single fucking time ? 
  i think you 're severely underestimating the difficulties of upholding such a system . 
  then again that 's usually par for the course for people that do n't want to think of implementation details . 
   youtube actually cracks down pretty hard on copyright infringement because they have a financial incentive to do so . 
  except that youtube does n't really `` crack down '' on copyright infringement `` hard '' . 
  you ca n't fix the system easily through technical means . 
  and because of that we 're in a really bad position due to how copyright infringement notices are handled on youtube . 
  it 's shoot first , ask questions later . 
  and for the longest time this was a system that encouraged trolls to abuse it . 
  if you truly believe that youtube 's handling of copyright infringement is decent or that it could have an easy technical solution then i would kindly ask you to lay off the drugs . 
  i 'm honestly baffled at how you seem so unaware of what kind of problems have appeared due to laws like this . 
  the world ai n't sunshine and rainbows . 
  if a system can be abused it will be abused . 
  the eu also has 28 member states that speak 24 different languages . 
  yeah , in other words : you miss one important post out of millions and you get fined . 
  and now you 're trying to tell me that they will not be trigger happy on the deletions . 
  this picture is amazing . 
  there 's over a dozen cars in the image yet you can see none of the license plates and it does n't appear that they covered any of them up either . 
  yes , but even a human review board should likely do `` better safe than sorry '' , because the loss on getting it wrong is just a post of a user . 
  it 's worth almost nothing . 
   brigading is a technical issue that can be easily mitigated . 
   brigading can be easily mitigated by lowering the weight of each individual report for people who have made erroneous reports . 
  if it can be so easily mitigated then how come youtube does n't fix it ? 
  how come reddit does n't fix it ? 
  hello and welcome !, 
  today i 'm in the new tier 1 czech battleship the ... 
  time to get your shit together , denmark . 
  why ? 
  this and that are different things . 
  you do n't need to be prefect in everything to have moral standing in one case . 
  you just need to be morally superior in that area . 
  nobody is perfect in that sense and if you expect them to be you wo n't be moving forward since nobody and no side is good enough for you , except the ones that are lying to you . 
  because they 're essentially saying that that kind of treatment of women is okay in society . 
  why ? 
  if that were really the case then people from our countries just would n't visit iran . 
  iran has far more to lose in those situations . 
  edit : our countries stand against that kind of oppression . 
  or at least they should . 
  not to mention that a refugee coming here is going to spend their life here , they 're asking is for help . 
  our government officials going there are not there to ask for help , nor are they going to spend their lives there , unlike refugees . 
  huh , i wonder where i got the `` 2 layers of clothing '' from , it should be 3 . 
  underwear is included . 
  you mean the country that is becoming more isolationist ? 
  but there should be at least two layers of clothing between their respective genitalia . 
  especially when they can jail people indefinitely for not providing a key to decrypt files on their devices . 
  i hope you understand that may has been working towards this kind of stuff for quite a while . 
  on top of that their surveillance laws are crazy . 
  remember that the eu had a law where every isp had to save the internet history of their users for a year ? 
  that came from the uk . 
  the ecj shut that down . 
  when theresa may got into power the uk passed a similar bill but just for the uk again . 
  the ecj shut that down too . 
  now what do you think is going to happen once they leave the eu ? 
  anything that is against their agenda is against public interests . 
  what 's wrong with `` pasta with ketchup '' ? 
  but that 's because we did !, 
  the imerial guard can attest to that . 
  in finnish that would be `` kuusi palaa '' . 
  reminds me of trump supporters . 
   also the immediate celebrations from separatists in social networks should not be forgotten . 
  they thought they shot down another transport plane . 
  i think this is the main thing to point to if people start disputing it . 
  i remember watching clips of missiles being fired in the ukraine conflict . 
  particularly the one where it was filmed from a soviet era apartment building and the machine just sat near them and fired the missiles . 
  i remember it well , because we have buildings that look like that in estonia . 
  they 're laid out in similar patterns as well so the scene looked a bit familiar . 
  it was rather disconcerting to see a truck just firing missile after missile in such a location so close to where people live . 
  hell , you even hear a kid in that same clip . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svnv5b9n90y ) is the clip . 
  are alternative facts good enough ? 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mn5irpd.png ) is what it says on the borderlands 2 page on steam . 
  the notice clearly indicates region locking . 
  yet the price is $ 29.99 . 
  [ steamdb ] ( https://steamdb.info/app/49520/ ) says that borderlands 2 costs $ 16.82 in russia and $ 29.99 in europe . 
  also , funnily enough , even the us price is $ 19.99 . 
  there are n't that many people in the baltics though . 
  the region is n't that rich either so they 're probably not losing that much business anyway . 
  we already are paying the same . 
  the problem with brexit and the eu is that the issue is far far far more complex than people make it seem . 
  it 's very easy to misinform the public about it and in some sense still be `` right '' ( not lying ) . 
  the problem with brexit and the eu is that the issue is far far far more complex than people make it seem .
