  why does it take two weeks to order something from amazon in the eu ? 
  where is our newegg equivalent ? 
  where are our equivalents to intel , ms , google etc ? 
  we do n't have them . 
  anything that hurts these companies means that they 're less likely to do anything with smaller countries . 
  it took until ** 2016 ** before you could sell apps on the android appstore . 
  it took until around 2011-2012 to actually get paypal . 
  so please , consider what the online market in europe is like , not just germany . 
  a fine because of yelp . 
   the action came after a seven-year long investigation prompted by scores of complaints from rivals such as u.s. consumer review website yelp ( yelp.n ) considering that it is yelp that was mentioned first in this list i 'm not so sure it 's good at all . 
  i think the issue is language . 
  english is a language that many know and moving there would settle the language issue easily , but that 's not the case when you 're moving elsewhere . 
  this needs to be addressed right now before it becomes an even bigger problem . 
   most legal systems have different ways to deal with dealing with people who are not in a mental state to manage their lives . 
  do they ? 
  because to me it seems like most of them just involuntarily commit them based on one or two psychiatrists ' word and then reevaluate later with little accountability on the psychiatrists . 
  it does n't help that you generally get less rights as a mental health patient that 's committed than a criminal in prison . 
   the two are interlinked in this case is all . 
  it reads to me more like a pro life psychiatrist found what the girl was doing unacceptable and abused their power because psychiatrists in these cases are n't really held accountable . 
  meanwhile the girl likely found it to be a very traumatic experience . 
  and meanwhile a girl was forcefully imprisoned for several days while thinking otherwise . 
  you have less rights in psychiatric hospitals than you have in prison . 
   a consultant psychiatrist , on whose evidence she was detained , said a termination was `` not the solution for all the child 's problems at this stage . ''  the girl 's guardian ad litem -- a person who supports children to have their voices heard in legal proceedings and makes an assessment -- employed a second consultant psychiatrist . 
   a district court judge then discharged the order detaining the young girl on the grounds that the child no longer had a mental health disorder in accordance with section 3 of the mental health act . 
  it 's understood that the child had been detained several days earlier . 
  sounds to me more like a psychiatrist does n't like abortions and was abusing their power . 
  involuntary commitment is no joke , especially when it is done to somebody for several days on a lie . 
   sixty-nine percent of participants perceived at least one hospitalization as traumatic or extremely distressing . 
  perceived trauma was more common among females than males and homemakers compared with full-time workers . 
  trauma perception was not associated with treatment-seeking or time in treatment . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc4039016/ ) there have been a bunch of other studies like this too . 
  even a few days of involuntary commitment can cause ptsd . 
  hell , you could just google it and you would run into forum posts and reddit threads where you could ask a person directly about it who feels that way . 
  so while you might think that it worked as it was supposed to , to me the entire thing sounds like massive abuse . 
  makes me wonder if that girl will ever trust a mental health worker again . 
  i do n't think this is the case . 
  in estonia i 've heard of quite a bit of infrastructure being built with this type of money . 
  this is somewhat related : back when the word `` owned '' was very popular in online games estonians used it as well . 
  because `` own '' is pronounced very similarly to '' \u00f5un '' ( apple ) in estonian sometimes in online games estonians would say '' \u00f5unad '' ( apples ) instead . 
   so they are n't dependent on the compensation then ? 
  they could choose to leave anytime and choose to be a tax haven if market access does n't matter ? 
  we 're talking about companies here . 
  some companies will be attracted to the low taxes . 
  some of them do n't care about the market access . 
  why do you think small nations outside of the eu are tax havens ? 
  they do n't have access to the single market . 
   which happens in every single country , big or small . 
  yes , but this means that in a country where there is less capital you 're less likely to see businesses like this start up . 
  if a person has capital to start the business then it does n't matter if the bank does or does not give them a loan . 
  so no , `` capital is not the problem '' is not true . 
  it can be a problem . 
   they 're selling it , they do n't have a gun pointed to their head when they sign the contract . 
  yes , but it 's not the country that 's selling it . 
  it 's an individual or a group . 
  their best interests do n't align with the best interests of a country in this kind of a situation . 
   banks are ready to lend to anybody in any country as long as proof of returns can be provided . 
  so capital is not the problem . 
  and if you 're starting a business this does n't always work . 
  not every business is successful , so banks do not give out loans in many cases . 
   the money from the acquisition go to the previous owner , assuming he 's a local , this is good for the economy . 
  yes , they get pennies on the dollar of what it 'll be worth down the line . 
  and this absolutely has something to do with this situation . 
  if the companies that start with new and innovative stuff get bought up when they 're small or only emerging then they ca n't export that product or technology from the country in the same way . 
  yeah , like not having capital and the few businesses that do start here just get bought up . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure that everyone is better off in the long run . 
  with urbanization big cities also drag up rural areas but at the end of the day the rural areas get more and more screwed by it . 
  i think it 's pretty hard to tell that this will not happen between richer and poorer countries in the eu . 
  brain drain is already going on . 
  if all the new companies tend towards the big and richer countries then the rest might have their quality of life standards increase slightly but they 'd be falling behind further compared to the bigger countries . 
  the other thing is that even if a company starts in a smaller or poorer country it usually seems to just get bought up by a bigger and richer country 's business . 
  not necessarily . 
  even if these countries were n't part of the single market they would be doing the same to get investment from companies . 
  they just would n't be as attractive . 
  but it 's not purely on the tax revenue from companies directly . 
  somewhat , yes , but some companies do do their business in countries like that due to the cheaper taxes , but the market access is n't as important for them . 
  people have an issue with the fact that without low taxes there 's little reason for a company to set up shop in a small or poor country . 
  small and poor countries would basically feel something akin to what rural areas felt and feel compared to big cities . 
  the jobs start disappearing and the area becomes poorer . 
   if that corporation produces in the second country ( with all that population ) , that country has to pay for all the infrastructure and is n't getting any of that corporation 's money as compensation how about all the jobs this provides and thus the taxes on the salaries ? 
  having reasonable jobs in a country can be more important than just government revenue . 
  i think this would be the reasonable approach here as well . 
  but that makes it much much worse . 
  it would basically create a similar situation you see of rural areas vs big cities . 
  and as we know the rural areas got and are getting completely screwed . 
   you mean countries that actually provide the infrastructure and educated workforce would get the tax money ? 
  how is this bad ?? 
  if a big company has equal taxation in germany and greece and equal opportunity for employees then the companies should almost always choose germany because there are more people and businesses in germany . 
  this means it 's a bigger more easily accessible market . 
  it also means it 's easier to so business with other companies since there are more in germany . 
  there would be little reason to pick greece there and thus germany will keep powering ahead with their economy while the smaller countries lag behind . 
  just look at the situation in a country between cities and rural areas . 
  that 's basically what would happen under the same taxation rules between countries . 
  this . 
  exactly this . 
  they would basically be completely dependent on the eu at that point . 
  yes , and i explained why it 's not a useful thing to look at for laymen . 
  his work does n't produce more value , it 's just valued more . 
  there 's a distinction when you talk about it in laymen 's terms . 
  a normal person thinks of productivity going up as people being more efficient at making something or doing something rather than being valued higher . 
  the issue with being something being valued higher is that if you compare two different economies ( which you do when you compare countries ) then the wealthier economy is going to be more productive purely because they 're wealthier .
