or perhaps you think you are , but actually are n't , because the things you say do n't line up with my thinking or analysis of the situation . 
  what you call `` wallowing in self pity '' is something that is based on my behavior over a long period of time rather than fleeting feelings . 
  okay man , if you say so . 
  i 'm sure you 'll be able to guilt trip myself out of it , because `` it 's just a phase '' . 
  jesus , do you read the kinds of things you write here and put them in the context of the situation ? 
  trying to get someone to charge their ways by insulting them might work if the other party had n't already sought professional help for the problem . 
  this kind of '' convincing '' is about as effective as trying to convince your body that you do n't really have a fever with harsh words . 
  also , i have nothing to prove `` to every fucker '' . 
  their opinions are mostly inconsequential to me . 
  it does n't make me move one bit . 
  you can call it wallowing in self-pity all you want but i instead looked at the patterns of my behavior in the past and then used my desires and dislikes to explain why and it makes quite a bit of sense . 
  ps why the fuck should i care whether there 's someone '' left to care '' or not ? 
  i do n't need to cling to someone else to live . 
  either you 're doing a poor attempt at trying to guilt me or you just do n't seen to understand that some people might just not share your desires and dislikes . 
  yeah , this is what everyone says who does n't realize that things have already been tried . 
  you just refuse to believe somebody might not be like you . 
  hahahaha . 
  i did . 
  i forced myself so it blew up in my face . 
  i did seek professional help but it turns out that it 's not really all that it 's made out to be . 
  so i just ended up quitting university while i just had to essentially so my thesis and my programming job at the same time . 
  and now more than a year later i definitely do not think i 'm ever going back to those . 
  i think i 'd rather rot in a ditch somewhere than do that . 
  if i could just sleep then i 'd do just that . 
  too much effort . 
  just getting a job and working it for the rest of my life is already too much so i 'm definitely not adding the whole being social + courting + raising thing into the mix . 
  why would i want to fail even harder and then let someone r else down as well ? 
  would having a kid be nice ? 
  probably but there 's so much i ca n't already handle that comes before that i think it 's better if i just pass . 
  everyone wins that way . 
  if it were that easy then i definitely would n't be in such a situation . 
  well , priorities are like plans for me . 
  i 'm really good at coming up with them but i never actually execute them properly . 
  well , do i need a job ? 
  i heard the streets are n't that cold in the summer . 
  too much effort required . 
  more important things to do like try to earn some money so i do n't have to always be reliant on others . 
  probably not happening though . 
  because that is also too much effort . 
  socially awkward who is never going to fix their ways . 
  more important things to deal with like motivating self to earn some money . 
  i do wonder if our population will start growing at some point where births are the major factor . 
  i know that i 'm certainly not doing my part nor do i expect to ever play that part either . 
  remember guys , russian armed forces are * not * in ukraine and the western media is just lying . 
  i like how `` suicidal '' is actually written on latvia . 
  also , where is bestland ? 
  and that 's 600 euros more than i have . 
  that would be months of my income without spending any of it on things like food . 
  i 'm 25 but in pretty sure i ca n't afford to go to paris before turning 26 . 
  well , technically , i will probably never be able to afford it i guess . 
  yes , but those free viewers are also part of the people who link to your content bringing in more viewers and increasing your viewership . 
  so it 's simply not just `` extra '' money because if this makes it so that enough people go elsewhere you 're going to lose a significant amount of new viewers . 
  what i just wanted to say is that sometimes those publications do add something that 's nice to have but because of the above situation we lose out on it . 
  i 'm not even sure if there are ad networks that at some point have n't served malware ads . 
  wrong . 
  a company disallowing adblock users to view their content is trading long-term exposure for short term ad revenue . 
  there 's a million alternatives to your content almost regardless of what kind of content you 're creating . 
  and if you annoy your users they will leave for the alternatives . 
  again , look at windows . 
  there is an alternative out there - linux . 
  completely free . 
  almost as good ( if not better ) than windows . 
  ms just holds marketshare and that brings in more people to using windows and not switching . 
  just look at forbes ' alexa ranking . 
  it has essentially tanked after they disallowed people with adblock from viewing it . 
  does it generate more short term revenue ? 
  probably . 
  but with the current trend their popularity is going to drop by a lot , which means the influx of new users dries up . 
  why do you think google allows adblock ? 
  they could quite literally remove it from the chrome webstore and suddenly a huge number of users who used adblock ca n't use it anymore ( i mean it 's usable but most people wo n't know how or wo n't bother ) . 
  i mean google is literally in the adserving business , so that would help them out a ton , right ? 
  yet they do n't do it . 
  curious , is n't it ? 
  because if they did , then they would n't do it , nor would you be saying this kind of silly thing here . 
  if you say so , but as an end user we 're still going to lose out . 
  why ? 
  if everything is free then that means the work they do is also free . 
  the reason why they would fall is that just having readership/viewership increases your visibility in various forms : people share your links , post them on facebook or reddit etc. 
  they might even quote them and that drives more readers and viewers to your site . 
  having a larger viewer/readerbase increases adrevenue . 
  if you stop adblock users then they are not going to share the sites , they are not going to comment about your site to others and thus your site stays less known and some other source is going to get the sharing traffic instead . 
  so having people with adblock viewing your stuff does n't necessarily give you money , but it gives you marketshare . 
  and marketshare is important . 
  just look at ms - how much does ms go after people who pirated windows ? 
  essentially never , because they 're not stupid . 
  they understand that if they actively pursued it it would just push people into using alternatives like linux . 
  and i say this as someone who does youtube ( i 'm smalltime though ) , so adblock significantly affects me . 
  yes , and it 's sad when they do and people literally stop using their site because of it and then ca n't figure out why . 
  yeah , and that 's the thing - people do stop using them and then they reverse their decision but still complain about it left and right . 
  i used to see and get links to that site multiple times a week . 
  i have n't seen one in like a month at least now . 
  does n't seem to really be helping : http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/forbes.com, 
   we ca n't create a new country for the refugees because that would mean displacing some other people , making them effectively also refugees . 
  we should buy some land from mongolia and ship them there . 
  it 's far from war and there 's a ton of land there . 
  you can even do agriculture !, 
  and then europe closes their eyes when russia invades turkey . 
  but is n't beer more expensive though ? 
  would n't a bottle of beer be like 80-100 roubles ? 
  you mean when russia claims it was n't but the other side claims it was ?
