  but why ? 
   the conservative pis government says that making the morning after pill available only by prescription will benefit women because doctors will have an opportunity to check on women 's health before prescribing the pill . 
  we should make alcohol prescription only . 
  that will benefit everybody because doctors will have an opportunity to check on people 's health before prescribing alcohol . 
   edit : video games are not all exactly the same i 'm talking about the same work being sold in different places contribute a different amount to productivity purely because one region is richer than another one . 
  but they are not more productive in the sense that people think about what `` productive '' means . 
  getting more for the same work is not considered to be `` more productive , '' especially when it comes down to other factors . 
   if there is enough competition , the price of the chair will erode to marginal costs . 
  you ca n't sell it at a higher price because germans are richer . 
  this is all talk about how market forces are supposed to work . 
  but we 're dealing with literally how productivity is measured here right now . 
  think about region locking for digital goods . 
  a company makes a video game and sells it in the us for $ 60 . 
  they sell that same game in the eu for $ 60 ( taxes and all ) . 
  they sell that same game for the equivalent of $ 30 in russia . 
  according to this metric the sales in the eu are twice as `` productive '' as the ones in russia , purely because russia is a poorer region and ca n't pay as much for the game . 
  gdp per capita does not make sense as a metric for productivity if we 're talking about productivity as a term people normally use . 
  this is the issue here : people look at the headline and it says `` blah is more productive , '' while they actually misunderstand what 's being said there . 
  a layman 's perspective there is `` well , i guess they 're just lazier , '' despite the fact that how lazy people are is not what this metric measures . 
   identical products can not sell for different prices . 
  what do you mean ? 
  of course they can . 
  if you make chairs and sell them locally then because germany is * wealthier * your chair can sell for a higher price . 
  thus you are considered to be more productive because the * identical chair * got a higher price in germany than greece . 
  another example : you 're paid to dig a ditch . 
  in germany you get paid 50 euros an hour to dig that ditch and in greece 10 euros an hour . 
  even if you dig the exact same ditch in both places in the same time , you 're considered to be 5 times more productive according to this metric, 
  wait until you find out that productivity is measured as gdp per hours worked . 
  well , we 're talking about productivity measurements of gdp per hours worked . 
  this means that the higher your product sells the more productive you 're considered regardless whether you actually were or were not more productive in the casual sense . 
  if the car you 're building doubles in sales price and you keep making them at the same pace then your productivity also doubled even though you 're doing the exact same work in the same manner . 
  the article uses gdp per hours worked as a measure of productivity . 
  this basically means that if you make identical items in the same amount of time , but one sells for 200 euros and the other for 20 euros then in the case of making the first item you were 10 times more productive . 
  even though the items were identical and you spent the same amount of time making them . 
  is n't the way they usually measure productivity on the scale of a country literally gdp per hour worked ? 
  because oecd does state that gdp per hour worked is a productivity statistic . 
  considering that this data is easily available while unit production volume is not , nor is there a way to really compare each unit to another unit in value i find it rather likely that gdp per hour worked would be used . 
  there 's a difference between what we consider to be being productive in casual language and what they measure in economics . 
  is n't productivity basically a measure of the hours worked and money earned for the sale of the goods ? 
  eg a swedish woodworker makes a nice chair in 2 hours and sells it for 200 euros , and an ukrainian woodworker makes a carbon copy of that exact chair in 2 hours , but can only sell it for 20 euros , then the swedish woodworker is considered 10 times more productive . 
  is n't this how productivity is basically measured ? 
  i had no idea . 
  thank you !, 
  is there a graph with all of these added together ? 
  hey , i saw an ad on auto24 that had an old t-34 for sale . 
  maybe that should count as `` one '' ? 
  are you saying we should make cattle go extinct ? 
  well , strange or not , it 's their choice . 
  the eu parliamentary elections have awful voter turn out . 
  is a `` chips tax '' such a good thing ? 
  i think a big problem is that some people are led to believe that as long as you `` eat healthy things '' that you wo n't become overweight . 
  obviously it 's not true , but i get the impression that some people do think this way . 
  `` as long as you stay away from that soda and those chips you wo n't really become fat ! '', 
  this is clearly not true . 
  drinking store-bought juice or soda will give you a similar amount of calories . 
  yes , the juice will likely contain more vitamins and be considered `` more healthy , '' but the calories are the same . 
  i read some article recently that said that the salads at mcdonalds have more calories in them than their big burgers !, 
  think about how disastrous this is to a person that has the above-mentioned mentality . 
  i think that people should be taught that pretty much everything you normally eat contains calories . 
  even if something is called healthy it does n't mean it ca n't make you fat . 
  this stuff should literally be mandatory in schools . 
  i would like to see better sources for the adage `` women attempt suicide more often , but men succeed 4 to 5 times more often . '', 
  i 've seen it repeated quite a lot but usually it comes down to us specific studies . 
  it is probably true , but the wikipedia article there has a citation for it , right ? 
  but the citation itself actually only states the same thing with another citation to another study that 's us specific . 
  they never showed or supported the claim in the actual study that was cited . 
  you look at other places for data . 
  facebook posts about going to chemo or similar . 
  banks might not approve you for a loan if their data shows that you 've bought too much alcohol from supermarkets recently . 
  this stuff could add to that . 
  the article mentions that ibm can do what it wants with the data afterwards . 
  yes , but it 's not a difference of 4-5 times that men vs women is in suicide rate . 
  voluntary basis . 
  the whole point is that you simply need enough identifiers to narrow things down . 
  but all this is irrelevant since the article talked about giving ibm even the non-anonymized data . 
  more interesting information on other sources . 
   remarkably , in high-income countries and in lmics of the south-east asia region suicide accounts for 17.6 % and 16.6 % respectively of all deaths among young adults aged 15 \u2212 29 years and represents the leading cause of death for both sexes . 
  in high-income countries suicide accounts for 81 % of violent deaths in both men and women , while in lmics 44 % of violent deaths in men and 70 % of violent deaths in women are due to suicide . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.who.int/mental_health/suicide-prevention/world_report_2014/en/ ) . 
  lmic stands for low and middle income countries . 
  there 's an annex at the end of the report that gives you a list of the countries in each group . 
  a country like russia is considered a high income country here . 
   also , does n't it go like : men are much more likely to use `` irreversible '' methods than women ? 
  like for example hanging instead of pills . 
  maybe in suicide attempts in total , but in successful suicide attempts both sexes use more or less similar methods . 
   hanging was the most prevalent suicide method among both males ( 54.3 % ) and females ( 35.6 % ) . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2569832/ ) . 
  in estonia , for example , 79.1 % of male suicides were by hanging , 70.8 % of female suicides were by hanging . 
  in most other countries in europe the difference between the two sexes in hanging is greater , however , it 's not multiple times greater . 
  [ table ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2569832/table/hzt-62-06-0545-t02/ ), 
  except when that same anonymized data can be put together to identify you . 
  especially since we 're also dealing with medical records . 
  some diseases are rare . 
  because that single digit number we arrived at is only multiplied by 60 for the entirety of italy . 
  now consider that most people have a lot more in their medical history than just one disease . 
  why would anybody want to do this ? 
  who knows . 
  why do we keep health data private at all ? 
  after all you should n't care if everybody in the world knows that you , exwei , have suffered from depression , right ? 
  or that you , exwei , were in an inpatient hospital .
