  because most of the time they do get respected . 
  it does n't always happen though . 
  if it always did , then international conflicts would n't be a thing between nation states . 
  and i can see instances of international conflicts between nation states . 
   and if nato does n't react , it 's the end of nato , period . 
  no country will trust the treaty and that 'll be the end of it . 
  okay , so we just create a new one . 
  league of nations -  united nations . 
  and it 's much more likely that there would just be amendments to the agreements , where they would somehow twist it out that it was okay for some of the nato nations not to react . 
   it 's irrelevant , because estonia is a nato member , and the rest of nato members will listen to estonia , not the propaganda of the main enemy of nato . 
  everybody knows what 's going on in ukraine , did you ever hear a nato member saying something like : `` huh , maybe russians tell the truth , nothing it 's going on there ? '', 
  countries are members of nato . 
  countries do n't always take official positions on everything . 
  sometimes it 's convenient for them not to say anything at all - just like when they divided europe after world war 2 and left a whole bunch of nation states under russian control . 
  end result is that those countries had half a century of falling behind . 
  in the media it will definitely * not * be a clear-cut case . 
  public opinion support is important for these kinds of actions , so if the waters are not clear then it 's a lot more difficult to have public support for these actions . 
  `` why must we fight another war ? 
  was n't iraq enough ?! '', 
   yes , ready to blow up saint-petersburg from the baltic sea . 
  and what kind of military objective does that fulfill . 
  how does that help estonia ? 
  it would simply drum up more support on the russian side to keep fighting the war . 
  yes , and then another plane comes from elsewhere that will have the airliner descend , and the system thinks it 's completely fine because there is no plane below the airliner , right ? 
  nuanced opinion ? 
  you 're saying that the countries here are fear-mongering to get more funding in certain industries . 
  how the fuck is this nuanced ? 
  you 're blatantly saying that they 're lying to people to get more money into some industry . 
   edit : i 'd like to see some facts here rather than down votes . 
  they attacked a country inside europe to annex land . 
  how many more facts do you need to be wary of russia ? 
  especially when there is no guarantee that the biggest nato force will even hold up article 50 , because of what a presidential candidate has said . 
  please give me a list of countries that started a war to annex land in the recent years . 
  and then please explain to me how nobody has to be worried or wary about what those countries do . 
   also eastern europe can ; t agree on how it feels about russia . 
  bulgarians are a good example of a confused post-soviet state . 
  but eastern europe does n't have to agree . 
  they 're not a singular state . 
   that said i would wager to say that the nature of power in the international system has changed and full out land grabs are no longer useful or very viable . 
  yes , because this is n't at all what happened in crimea , and it currently is n't happening in ukraine , right ? 
  you see , the problem with this whole thing is that you ca n't just bank on this not happening . 
  because the consequences of it happening would be and are disastrous . 
  the last russian occupation left eastern europe so far behind the western world economically , and as a result quality of life is much worse in those regions . 
  they have not recovered . 
  not one of those states has recovered . 
  this is like saying `` oh , why do we care about nuclear weapons anyway ? 
  no country is going to use them because it would be suicide . '', 
   there wo n't be any plausible deniability if they sponsor a conflict in a eu member state . 
  because during the attack on ukraine there was n't months of media attention going on that was just a back-and-forth on whether russia truly is in ukraine , right ? 
  that did n't happen , right ? 
  or are you saying that because it 's an eu country that we will then magically know the truth ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we 'd see the same confusion in the media , and as a result public opinion on it would n't be strong in either direction . 
  this would leave it up to politicians to decide on what to do ( and whether article 50 is worth upholding for a tiny country like estonia ) . 
  this is definitely in the realm of possibility . 
   yes i am . 
  russia wo n't suddenly attack a east european eu member , seeing as they have absolutely nothing to gain from it . 
  how about a a natural port to the baltic sea that 's connected to mainland russia ? 
  but that 's the thing , the concerns about the future are n't something that can be addressed as a reactionary event of trump being elected . 
  these are things that you need to prepare for * before * trump gets elected , otherwise it 'll be too late . 
  considering how close trump is to being elected these worries make sense though . 
  because if he does get elected then it might already be too late to secure anything other than that . 
   what could possibly be in the baltics or eastern europe that is worth risking wwiii ? 
  a natural port to the baltic sea . 
   what happens in the month following when 28 countries formally declare war to russia , including 3 nuclear powers . 
  tell me , what in the world has putin gained ? 
  if estonia has already been conquered what do the 28 other countries have to gain by declaring war at that point ? 
  it 'll be `` that 's fucked up '' and then that 's that . 
  while article 50 binds the states , it still does n't guarantee that those countries will actually execute said policy . 
  a country like estonia might not necessarily be a big enough reason for nato to fall apart when article 50 is n't followed . 
  i believe that this could be particularly problematic when the political situation around the invasion is n't clear-cut . 
  if russia denies that their troops are in estonia and there 's a pr war going on about which side is the truth , then i could easily buy that estonia would get occupied without the war cascading onto other nato countries . 
   would expose a reaction with a dozen nuclear aircraft carriers and submarines at the door of russia where exactly would they go ? 
  the north sea ? 
  somehow try to get into the baltic sea ? 
  of course not , but then again even an economic crisis is n't a be all or end all event . 
  north korea is somehow still surviving after all , so you can fall * a lot * but still be fine . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you can ignore reality and keep spouting ` much sovereignty ' and how ` europe should just take the banks ' all you want . 
  it 's not going to change the fact that they * are * important for the british economy . 
  yes , that 's 200k directly doing financial services . 
  you can add another 200k-250k as other people employed to keep the city running . 
  considering how there 's an odd 200k people employed in the city directly in financial services it most definitely is * at least * a rounding error . 
  then that 's your problem with the government . 
  your government still has to listen . 
  the power those corporations have is facilitated by governments . 
  they do n't have legal power to decide these things themselves . 
  corporations do n't get to vote in elections , people do . 
  and those who do get voted for decide how much they listen to the corporations . 
  yeah , how dare banks point out that the way things are going it would be in their best interest to go elsewhere . 
  how dare they . 
  all the people working at the banks making big bucks do pay taxes though . 
  this might be in regards to corporation tax , but the people working there still pay taxes normally . 
  the city employs a lot of people ... 
  yeah , it 's not exactly threatening . 
  you see , it 's important to mention these kinds of things to people that make decisions . 
  if it seems like your best course of action is to switch your mobile provider you do n't just silently switch - you first go to your original service provider and day that you were approached with a better offer . 
  that 's not threatening . 
  of course , it creates innovation . 
  oh , i just wanted to explain , because the person you 're replying to is somebody i know . 
  so i wanted to make sure the wrong impression was n't given off .
