  just because something is n't apparent on how it hurts someone that does n't mean it is n't affecting them . 
  a knee injury can mean a person does n't get work and that often leads to fun things like depression and similar . 
  it 's particularly interesting here , because things like obesity are often linked to issues with self-control that can easily stem from a mental illness.i feel that there 's this idea going around that everybody is the same , but some people just try harder and that 's why they can control themselves fine . 
  essentially `` why ca n't you do that ? 
  i can so it fine ! '', 
  seems a bit odd since we seem to be a lot more understanding of this when we 're dealing with physical aspects of a person or even about that person thinking . 
  a smart person would be very rude if they went to a dumb person and then just exclaimed `` why ca n't you do this ? 
  this is so easy for me ! '', 
  smoking is also self-inflicted . 
  as is anything stemming from alcohol or any kind of trauma that happened during recreational activities like snowboarding . 
  it might be more efficient for an average consumer but the consumers in that specific location need work to actually live . 
  we see urbanization in a country - young people moving into bigger cities . 
  on an international scale like in the eu we see brain drain and similar situations . 
  free trade agreements facilitate these kinds of things . 
  does that happen though ? 
  i understand that it can increase competition in areas there was little competition in originally , but does n't it also cause quite a few problems like certain local industries being unable to function ? 
  the leverage here is probably a point of morality . 
  something along the lines of `` oh but you were here and you really wanted this , but now you 're leaving and having us pay for it '' . 
  imagine you 're sharing a flat with 3 other people . 
  you are lacking a washing machine and you guys decide to put your money together and get one . 
  you ca n't afford it though so you go with paying monthly installments . 
  you sordidly argue that the group ships get the washing master 3000 that 's more expensive . 
  then you get into an argument with the other guys and decide to leave the flat . 
  you also stop paying your share of the installments for the washing machine and the other 3 have to pay for it . 
  if this scenario is framed in the right way it could be considered as some leverage of public opinion . 
  of course somebody would have to find projects the uk pushed for that were expensive etc. 
  well , you could consider it in some way good for `` competition '' between countries . 
  big countries with a good economy tend to appeal more for companies , so they get disproportionately many companies . 
  this leaves other countries in a worse off position . 
  however , going down the road of < 1 % effective tax rate is insane . 
  there 's no way that 's good for anybody in the long run . 
  like what ? 
  honest question , i 'd love an answer . 
  and who bears the cost of all of this ? 
  the states , right ? 
  maybe not . 
  i think facebook might be useful since i do youtubes and having facebook would help slightly spread the word , but i just ca n't keep track of all the things i already use well enough . 
  kind of difficult to come through the north of finland by sea : http://i.imgur.com/4yb5cjy.png, 
  just to be pedantic : finland does n't have a northern coast . 
  let 's build a wall and have the refugees pay for it . 
  nope . 
  of course you have a loss of data and businesses suffering . 
  i bet this would be the case if almost any email provide also went out of business and suddenly stopped . 
  in google 's case they just do more than that . 
  the internet will get * disrupted * of course because we do n't get to use the services we 've relied upon , but it does n't necessarily break some critical piece of infrastructure that ca n't be replaced ( except maybe youtube , i believe that if youtube goes away with google we will never get a service as good ever again . 
  either it will have more ads or more restrictions or something similar to that . ), 
  the op of this chain * was * talking about it as though they did n't deserve it . 
  i do n't use facebook at all . 
  yes , i know . 
  of course things would break if google 's services disappeared over night . 
  but the topic at hand was google as in the search engine and its news section . 
  the fonts , ad services and tracking are n't necessarily linked tightly with links to the news organizations . 
  what i just mean is that google is n't * that * critical as this guy made it out to be . 
  linux server distributions and similar are a much more critical part of the infrastructure yet there 's little talk about how critical those parts are . 
  also , i do n't use facebook at all . 
  i use plenty of google services but that 's because i make youtube videos nowadays . 
  i think that for an average person it would n't be very difficult to avoid google services if they wanted . 
  the problem is that you probably do n't want to since what they offer just tends to be good compared to the competition . 
  what will happen to the internet then that it wo n't be fine ? 
  people wo n't get to their gmail ? 
  no youtube ? 
  a bunch of other services do n't work . 
  however , the internet is fine . 
  things not related to google ( the majority of the internet ) would work just fine . 
  also , what ? 
  nobody * handed out * shit to google . 
  they built the services and people came . 
  if your transparent democratic service can make a better one then i 'm sure that people would use it - it would be just as good but also transparent . 
  problem is , what you 're going to make , likely is not going to be as good or better . 
  that internet infrastructure is something * everybody * gets to use . 
  it is n't in some way special in the case of google . 
  so if you want to claim that their success is not their own but built on that then why not go a step further and talk about how somebody inventing pcs is also relevant to google 's success , as is electricity etc. 
  they 're not the gatekeepers of the internet though . 
  you can go choose to use whatever other services you please . 
  bing works fine as an alternative if you 're not interested in as relevant search results . 
  if google disappears the internet will still keep working fine . 
  right now it 's just your one stop shop . 
  and if your argument is that google ca n't stay the way it is because that 's the one everybody uses , then my question is : what about wikipedia ? 
  are we going to force wikipedia to also change because of the same reason ? 
  charge money from wikipedia on the information they reference , right ? 
  because wikipedia is so damn well off they have all this money to throw around . 
  what about facebook then ? 
  are we going to claim facebook is also a monopoly etc etc. 
  maybe even do a double slam on google since they also have youtube ( you know , the place that for many many years literally lost google money ) . 
  well , there 's always hope for the council . 
  except in google 's case they 're the ones that built the road with their own effort . 
  and there are other `` roads '' too , people just do n't want to use them since they 're inferior . 
  i feel like this makes sense . 
   one man 's trash is another man 's treasure . 
  the important thing that we have to keep an eye on , though , is to try to not keep them in this circle of poverty . 
  edit : oh , i understand now . 
  i am sorry . 
  you 're right !, 
  same . 
  seeing that helicopter take off was my first time seeing a helicopter closer than in the sky . 
  http://www.eurotunnelgroup.com/uk/eurotunnel-group/operations/traffic-figures/ it 's more like 10 million passengers and 20 million tons of cargo ( about 10 million passenger equivalent ) . 
  are you saying that your city is n't a castle ? 
  considering how close estonians and finnish are , it might not be as good of an experiment though . 
  i ca n't speak a lick of finnish but if you speak finnish to me you can probably get your meaning across to me because the two languages are just that similar . 
  i do n't think finland even has a * northern * coast .
