  oh and if this were rules that eu adopted then websites will simply not host in europe . 
  we 're already in a horrible position in regards to what kind of web services are started in europe . 
  this would make it even worse . 
   i do n't have a financial incentive to have an insecure computer so how much do you pay for your anti virus ? 
  well , i 'm sure the right paid solution * would * be better . 
  and there 's your financial incentive to have a less secure computer . 
  on top of that many people do n't update their software because it 's annoying ( time is money ) or expensive . 
  look at that ama from that mayor yesterday - still running windows xp . 
  why ? 
  because upgrading is expensive . 
  if your computer becomes part of a botnet then should n't * you * be responsible then for anything the device does ? 
  also , in regards to the car analogy : it most segment is * not * on me when the bolts are outsourced . 
  the blame gets readily shifted to the outsourced target . 
  and this analogy in regards to computers is actually related . 
  one insecure computer that deals with the ads network could literally be the cause of the ad network showing malicious ads . 
  oh and i very much doubt * any * ad company * decides * top accept malicious ads any more than a computer user decides to accept becoming part of a botnet . 
  in fact , generally the computer user is actually the far likelier place where the user actually accepts it themselves , because usually for malicious code to run the user has to run it in some way , whereas ad systems are often automated . 
  so the user often also has a choice . 
  in fact , the user might have more of a choice than the website that ended up serving the ads . 
  after all the user has to run the malicious code themselves . 
  you do n't need any add ons on chrome though or firefox . 
  just open developer tools and you can see every request to other resources . 
  yeah , and when somebody hijacks your computer to do something illegal you should be held responsible , right ? 
  after all , it is your computer . 
  this kind of reasoning you 're giving is how we get incredibly stupid laws . 
  do you really believe websites are swimming in ad revenue ? 
  going to any website is a security and privacy risk . 
  regardless whether they have ads or cookies . 
  just claim that they 're warthunder players . 
  i was thinking about a `` zero sum game '' here in terms of nations and how they deal with their neighbors . 
  if a nation benefits from their neighbors as much as they contribute then it ends up at zero , but in singapore 's case that 's not the case . 
  they benefit from their neighbors far more . 
  you ca n't do that nearly as well in europe . 
  the problem is that a european country ca n't give access to the asian market . 
  on top of that there 's a lot less cooperation between countries there than here , so it 's possible to set that up . 
  i very much doubt estonia 's gon na be anything like that . 
  also , like you said , it was n't a zero sum game for singapore , which means that it would n't work if too many countries tried it . 
  but everybody ca n't be singapore , especially in europe . 
  think of toblerone . 
  that 's the kind of change you 'd see over the years on imported goods . 
  in fact it 's already happening to a degree . 
  all of which cost you additional money though , right ? 
  i think calling them `` guards '' is putting it in a bit too positive of a light , is n't it ? 
  people might think what you 're saying is a joke , but things like having chicken were not common during soviet times . 
  why ? 
  because it was n't sold that often and when it was it sold out very quickly . 
   really ? 
  i hated it because it was mostly not swimming but learning how to jump head first into the stupid water . 
  alright , i 'll give you that . 
  i do n't know much about swimming classes because we only had it like a handful of times during two separate years . 
  i just know that swimming was the only aerobic exercise that i actually enjoyed as a kid , but it was too expensive so i loved it when it was possible through school . 
  it was the whole `` got ta undress part '' on top of it , was n't it ? 
  but why ? 
  swimming was great . 
  i see . 
  well , then it sounds like we need more research into gmo . 
  yeah , but do you really believe that the us does n't do that `` base level of testing '' ? 
  of course they do . 
  we do n't do that much better in europe to warrant claiming that `` in europe we test to find that it 's safe but in the us they do n't '' . 
  no , i never claimed that , i claimed that even after the tests we do n't know that it 's safe . 
  thus you ca n't claim that in europe we allow it once it 's known to be safe , because we just do n't know that . 
  would n't it be possible to produce biodiesel from gmo crops ? 
  that is definitely true . 
  yeah , the real issue is `` eww chemicals in my food '' . 
  that 's not true . 
  you ca n't prove something is invariably safe , nor even reasonably safe because there are too many factors you ca n't test for in test environments . 
  so no , that 's not how the eu works at all . 
  people just say that to seem better . 
  it 's some jill stein level of rhetoric . 
   punish behaviour not tolerated in a society . 
  permalinkembedsaveparentreportgive goldreply yeah , like gay marriage or black people being able to vote , right ? 
  a few years ago when estonia talked about same sex marriage we had immense push back against it . 
  social change often happens against what many people want . 
  if you give lots of tools to powerful people then they can keep such change from happening through their power . 
  this is why free speech is important . 
  just to add : those `` irregulars '' were just people who were conscripted . 
  in other words : regular people that went through * mandatory * military service . 
  quite a lot of it would likely be summed up with the word `` freedom '' . 
  the west had similar issues in the past where social change was seen as immoral . 
  you know , like the abortion drama we have . 
  yeah , and that `` hate speech '' is * arbitrary * . 
  legislature can thus be used to target some group to discriminate against them . 
  because free speech that you consider incendiary might be the change needed . 
  talking about gay marriage in front of extremely religious people would likely be incendiary speech . 
  considering those buses usually advertise something then it is weird !, 
  you see , usually the products advertised actually exist . 
  rip in peace , uk privacy . 
  i wonder if this still would 've happened if the brexit fiasco had n't been a thing . 
  gon na need some sour cream for that sunburn . 
  you could go see the kaali meteor crater , but personally i liked `` karuj\u00e4rve '' ( literally bear lake ) the most . 
  but that 's not what these clips and similar describe . 
  `` blackwater '' sounds so much cooler than `` mustvee '' . 
  that looks quite pretty . 
  good thing i saw this so now i 'll never have to go there to see it . 
  yeah , but i 'm pretty sure that they did n't actually do things in such a way . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of the time they had sex marriage or not . 
  it just seems that what they `` officially advocate '' is n't really how it works between people . 
  so every sexual encounter has to have the question of `` would you like to have sex with me ? '', 
  twice ? 
  because two partners , so both sides have to ask and answer , right ?
