  a common association rule set was not agree to until 1863 . 
  australian football is older than soccer . 
  australian football is . 
  i think gaelic too, 
   actually this is n't clear , what a colossal clusterfuck . 
  how do you go into a referendum and not have the most basic question about it answered beforehand . 
  we have other sports that we call football , it is simply to avoid confusion . 
  some of them are older than association football . 
  it has no more right to the term than any other code . 
  the irish/australian/nz / american word for association football, 
  yeah , the polls generally show ~ 50 % want a republic ( of some kind ) , 25 % want to keep the monarchy and 25 % do n't give a shit . 
  might have a sneaky nandos for dinner to celebrate . 
  places use the same pipes for sewage and rainwater ?!, 
  that implies that the sewar is open to the air ... 
  or to gaelic or rugby footballs, 
  2 qatar 3 singapore, 
  / r/normalclimateproblems, 
  well it is a continent . 
  besides hawaii is a tropical island and gets snow on its peaks . 
   only used in extreme hills and stuff . 
  which is pretty much the only places there is snow in australia . 
  i had no idea that winter tyres were a thing until i moved to germany . 
  if you go to the snow in australia you put chains on your tyres . 
  there is already to welsh : fail to honour ( a debt or obligation incurred through a promise or agreement ) . 
  but it goes well with eggs and bacon, 
  does this make me finnish ? 
  so invite new zealand too, 
  northern territory ? 
  can we join that ? 
  hhahahahahhahahahah this is hilarious . 
  what other european competitions can we join and win ? 
  nice one drunk australians in croatia, 
  lee lin chin . 
  she is a national treasure . 
  give us the ashes and you can . 
  [ only the violet is ` worthless desert ' ] ( http://www.agriculture.gov.au/abares/aclump/land-use/land-use-mapping ) . 
  even that has some mining in it . 
  well the idea is that it is a more concentrated espresso , same amount of coffee , less water . 
  looks like she ca n't grow a beard . 
  no hope . 
   [ dr evil 's ] father was a relentlessly self-improving boulangerie owner from belgium with low-grade narcolepsy and a penchant for buggery . 
  my mother was a 15-year-old french prostitute named chlo\u00e9 with webbed feet . 
  goldmember was from holland , is n't that weird ? 
  i guess that is the difference . 
  in australia seasons are just another arbitrary separation of the year , not some climatic change or event . 
  trees to shed their leaves in autumn , snow does n't fall ( in most places ) in winter , plants do n't bloom in spring . 
  is that per city ? 
  1st of march is the start of autumn in australia . 
  surely its the opposite here . 
  ... it is spring though, 
  we call the winners that in australia, 
  what is weird about the watermelons ? 
   the afd is n't able to do anything but talk , as they have shown on numerous occasions . 
  as soon as they have responsibilities they crash on their faces . 
  that sounds awfully familiar . 
  how big are the leaders ' hands ? 
  not sure . 
  generally a synonym for fort ( fort = strong in latin ) . 
  i do immediately picture a keep though ( the central strong fortified building inside fortified city ) . 
  its probably used more abstractly now . 
  [ for example ... ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-38787239 ) . 
  does n't really imply anything specific , just that it is a location that is held strongly . 
  not really , castle still implies fortifications ( real or fake ) . 
  the difference is probably that a castle has people living in it , a fort is just a military building , and often newer . 
  i think it is a case that in english the look of the building is important , whereas in german the use is . 
  buckingham palace , palace of versailles , charlottenburg palace . 
  smaller palaces would be called manor houses ( = herrenhaus ) . 
  compare that to neuschwanstein castle , balmoral castle , both ` fake ' castles , both call schloss ( schlossen ? ), 
  in german wikipedia at least . 
  but they look like castles so they are called castles in english . 
  [ inverted version of this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australian_aboriginal_flag#/media/file:australian_aboriginal_flag.svg ) . 
  black represents the people , yellow the sun , red the earth . 
  a pint is 570ml in australia . 
  she is my queen too and i can vote how i like . 
  cocaine ? 
  i know someone whose dad eats it . 
  from quite a small town . 
  i went there this summer . 
  might go there next summer . 
  stunning place . 
  the government 's did do so willingly however it is quite debatable if they could have refused or not . 
  australia was n't really independent . 
  at least with respect to foreign policy . 
  i would love to know this too . 
  it could be the water but i also think british lagers have a lot less hops in them than most continental ones . 
  most of that is brewed in the uk . 
  international brand names , but brewed in the uk for uk tastes ... 
  it might be . 
  proof that left is right ? 
  nice projection . 
   followed by america i believe iceland is 2nd with 408,000 and australia 3rd with 375,000 . 
   considering the divisions are so strange why is it strange ? 
  it sounds very much like how australian cities are governed . 
  many cities are not governed as a single entity but by many municipalities . 
  would have been called the dutch east indies in english at that time . 
  columns , pillars and beams would help too . 
   edit : potatoes were taken by the baltic nations , not ireland the potatoes were diseased or taken by the english . 
  that 's why there are none in ireland . 
  in indonesian it is called timor timur . 
  scotland is a nation ...
