   baked kid the atheists will also bring this . 
  apricot obama, 
  it does actually add up 100 % ... but of what ? 
  what do the numbers mean ? 
  why is this a pie graph ? 
   nuclear reactors wo n't help fusion research even the slightest bit , they can produce isotopes like tritium which are needed in fusion reactors . 
   strangest lyrics award `` our home is girt by sea '' girt by it . 
  well it is * slightly * easier to swim downstream . 
  it would be some feat if he swam up them . 
  did he swim up the rivers or down them ? 
  yeah , sometimes ( particularly saturdays ) they there is a line for these scanners , at least at the edeka near me . 
  it depends ... 
  there are two general types of reverse vending machines . 
  one that destroys the bottles and one that sorts them . 
  only thin walled plastic bottles and cans can go in the first type . 
  the one the sorts them can take all kinds . 
  only the big supermarkets have these ( 1 out of the 4 closest to me ) . 
  generally you can only return bottles to a place that sells that type of bottle . 
  many small/budget supermarkets purposely do n't stock glass bottles to avoid this . 
  it is a minor inconvenience but still , it pisses me off . 
  especially when there is a line to use the machine , its is quite absurd to queue to throw away rubbish . 
  ` it ' being 20 bottles ? 
  sure it is okay for a random bottle you have while out and about but having to transport your empty bottles from home to a supermarket is a pain . 
  i can see how it is a good idea to increase recycling rates but it is honestly really frustrating . 
  having to queue up at the supermarket to dispose of rubbish is kinda silly . 
  personally it does n't make me want to recycle more but i can see how it makes recycling rates increase . 
  wait ... i mean fondue !, 
  melbourne : birth of australian football . 
  also kylie . 
  yeah , that is standard punishment in australia too . 
  [ chicken parmigiana ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2aqeqy6.jpg ) - chicken schnitzel , topped with tomato paste , ham and cheese . 
  can substitute the tomato paste for some other sauce ( bolognaise sauce or adding a bit of hot sauce for example ) . 
  can use salami or other meat instead/as well as ham . 
  add avocado , pineapple , egg , or bacon as you please . 
  glad i 'm not the only one . 
  for me bread is a medium for the filling . 
  i find it very odd that germans are proud of their efficiency , sausages and bread but do n't really have a ( popular ) type of bread to efficiently place a sausage in ... 
   most promiscuous women in the world skyscanner.com, 
  [ absolutely ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xyfjp3_simpsons-return-of-the-soviet-union_fun ), 
  australia are all out for 150 . 
  day old souvlaki . 
  it may look tempting ... but do n't . 
  just do n't . 
  for a smallish country it has lots of formula 1 drivers . 
  mika , kimi , heikki , keke ( and nico kinda ) . 
  ( 4 world championships there ), 
  they 'll slice it too ? 
  i 've seen loaves like that ... never sure how to ask for it sliced . 
  nah , that stuff is repulsive . 
  it is probably why so many germans have a bad opinion of sliced white bread . 
  it should be nice and soft , like the inside of a fresh weizen brotchen . 
  does n't have to be white . 
  any soft bread that does hurt if i drop it on my foot would be nice once in a while . 
  yeah , i think it is partly because i am buying mostly from supermarkets . 
  i 'm a bit intimidated by bakeries because of the language barrier and the wide range . 
  i do appreciate some different breads , a good sourdough is great . 
  but i sorely miss fresh , soft slice white ** bread ** ( it is n't toast until you toast it ! ) . 
  it is great for vegemite , cold meats , sausages , schnitzels . 
  white brotchen rolls are okay but the crust is almost always too hard and attacks the roof of my mouth worst than razor blades . 
  that got me thinking . 
  what is the accent of french speakers from the caribbean like ? 
  does it sound as cool as the english speakers from there ? 
  it is hard to go past their beer . 
  still have n't got why they love thier bread so much though . . 
  i got that in france once . 
  the english terms calculator and computer were much older than the devices they now represent . 
  they used to describe occupations . 
  a computer would compute math problems all day ( accountants spreadsheets for example ) . 
  when invented they were automatic - or electric-computers . 
  perhaps the same is true in french ? 
  sony have tried to keep the name alive in phones . 
  a beamer is also a dangerous full toss in cricket like this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkilg_ryo_8, 
   double austria 's population . 
  fuck , more than that . 
  12 million in bavaria vs 8 million in austria . 
  i did n't really expect that . 
  but i do hear a lot of banter about south vs north germany ... i 'm not really sure how serious to take it . 
  is there any chance of a secessionist movement ? 
  do you think it more likely they would become independent or join austria ? 
  what about swabia ? 
  there is nothing more humbling than when a non-native speaker corrects usage of your native language . 
  ( not sure if this is the case here , but still ... ), 
  [ eurail pass already exists ] ( http://www.eurail.com/ ) , i do n't think eu citizens are eligible though . 
   the people who have contributed much to the stability and progess of the white race wow . 
  that kinda shocked me . 
  in hamburg , got 1 spanish 10c coin , all the rest are german, 
  some blame him for gallipoli ( it was his idea ) and also for abandoning australia to the japanese . 
  australian troops were recalled from europe and the mid-east in 42 after singapore fell and churchill was n't happy about it and tried to stop them . 
  it was quite a turning point in shifting away from britain to the us . 
  i 'm not sure how well this is all known in australia , a lot still know of churchill as the stoic war time leader as this is what you see on the history channel or bbc documentaries . 
  and singapore / [ '' * europe first '' . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe_first ) e : europe first not britain . 
   winston churchill he is seen very differently to many australians . 
  was it sweden that was involved in some of the usa 's rendition ? 
   a quick explanation this will be difficult ... 
  normally you throw the ball over arm and it bounces once . 
  in order to prevent new zealand from winning the ball * was rolled to the batsman . 
  this was technically allowed in the rules but was , as the saying goes , ` not cricket ' , i.e. 
  not fair play . 
  the rules have since been changed to outlaw it .
