at least it 's not oliver ... 
  same in munich . 
  olympia park is awesome, 
  ... anchorage, 
  daamn , those actually look really nice, 
  i think it was in bosnia , but built by bosnian serbs edit : yep . 
  [ sorry for daily mail link ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2672990/bosnian-serbs-half-sarajevo-erect-statue-hero-assassin-triggered-wwi-divided-city-marks-100th-anniversary.html ), 
  yep . 
  tolerant people are called `` tolerasts '' , which is a combination of tolerant + pederast . 
  muslims do n't drink ? 
  or at least drink less . 
  and i do n't see him saying it 's a bad thing . 
  on opposite , that makes a lot of sense . 
  i really do not know if other people will like it . 
  it is not the catchiest or the best song in ukrainian , but it is my favourite . 
  [ plach yeremiyi - vona ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uox4gqrke2g ) . 
  and of course i need to include the best and the most succesful ukrainian band - okean elzy . 
  they got a bit to close to arena rock nowadays , but their early days were great . 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qff2_s5w-v4 ) , i think , is especially good . 
  in my second native language , i always will have a soft spot for this cover of ddt 's [ leteli oblaka ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjgnwuzseh0 ) by wonderful lithuanian girl , alina orlova . 
  it depends on which score you aim for . 
  european universities generally require 79 or 89 points , which i think is achievable after 1 month of preparations . 
  but for something like 100 + ( i think for example harvard needs 105 , but i am not sure ) , you would need more time and you should specifically study for toefl only , as their requirements are pretty specific for the most part . 
  one more thing , toefl does not only rate your english skills , but also your academic comprehension and ability to lay out your thoughts in a coherent way . 
  here the grammar of course matters . 
  my grammar is only okay , and that is why i also did only okay on the writting part . 
  i however compensated that with a great score on reading , so in the end really you can get around that . 
  but then again munich has intel , infineon , siemens , ti , adobe , microsoft , oracle , hp and amazon.de . 
  pretty big players that probably scew the overall picture . 
  germany might be a good choice ; there are both scholarships and cheap tutions here . 
  and it does not really matter where you come from . 
  the only thing is that something like project management is rather specific , and i think it would require knowing german at least to some degree . 
  english ba are more common and you might be able to choose specialization there . 
  daad.de has really extensive information on the topic and also provides scholarships ( i think it was around 750 $ pro month ) . 
  however , the scholarships are incredibly competititve and you need to apply for them a year in advance . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.daad.de/deutschland/studienangebote/international-programs/en/ ) you can search for the universities by various criterea . 
  edit : also if you are so eager to start this year specifically , there are some programms which accept papers until the end of april and even june . 
  i also think uni wien accepts papers until something like august ? 
  but i am not sure . 
  however , i would recommend against doing it so hastly . 
  i started in february and i think i did not have enough time . 
  do you have gre/gmat ? 
  that would help a lot . 
  anyways , good luck, 
  or the brits ' favorite - fritz, 
  eh , the germans i know love the us . 
  a lot of dream going there at least for vacation and nyc is by far the most idealized city by them . 
  the ones in the south are also quite grateful to the americans for helping to restore their economy . 
  i think the recent wave of anti-american hate comes from the whole nsa debacle . 
  it also comes from the internet users , who are of course more vocal on the internet , and do not really reflect the whole population . 
  to be honest kadyrov does have the not so typical brown hair . 
  and americans know chechens only as boston bombers , who have quite pronounced features . 
  yep , that 's [ true ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_citizenship#dual_citizenship ) . 
  however , as wikipedia states , there are some people who do it in secret . 
  usually , it is russian & ukrainian passports . 
  it is very easy to just try to discredit my comment by just calling me a nazi and not replying to any of my other points . 
  notice that i did not even protect bandera , i just pointed to the fact that he is not in any case a nazi . 
  sending me a link to a translated polish wiki is especially pointless . 
  i would never defend the atrocities committed by oun troops and honestly do not even understand why are they so revered by some . 
  about the greek language being forbidden , that is complete and utter bullshit . 
  somehow for 20 years it was okay and no it is suddenly banned ? 
  nobody will ban it . 
  moreover , nowhere was the greek established as regional language . 
  according to the census , 91 % of greeks living in donetsk oblast are calling russian as their native language ( 6.4 % of the greek population regard greek as their native language ) . 
  the article you linked is total crap . 
  for example project 4201 was proposed by oleg lyashko , who is probably the biggest retard in the parliament and of course it was never accepted . 
  also , avakov ( who is a total asshole btw ) belongs to batkivshina , and i have not heard them being called fascist , that 's svoboda and so on . 
  however , i also agree that having minority languages is not a bad thing , and i think repealing the law was also a populist move aimed at the other side to show that they are doing work and not just grabbing the sears for themselves . 
  i can not view the second link you sent me , so i do n't know what ' there . 
  first of all , please stop saying that bandera was a nazi . 
  he was n't . 
  he even spent almost all of the war in the concentration camp . 
  and also why even bring up that when discussing corrupt politicians in a different region ? 
  also , about the minority language . 
  nobody is repressing the russian speakers . 
  russian was established as a minority language only in 2012 , after a very controversial vote . 
  i never noticed any problems before that , and basically the whole law was just a populist move to appeal to the voters . 
  if you are so afraid that benderovtsi will come to your precious `` eastern '' dnirpopetrovsk , please note that 67 % of the people in dnipropetrovsk oblast and 46,5 % in the city itself identify the ukrainian language as their native . 
  or why would somebody from the western part will come to the donbass area for the higher salaries . 
  even if the shit ecology , lower life expectancy , higher child mortality , criminal situation wo n't stop them , they would rather go to more friendly kiev or poland . 
  about calling them `` poor '' . 
  sure the wages are lower than western regions , but also the region is quite rural , the living costs are lower . 
  i really understand , that you think east is best , west is rest , and i know where you are coming from . 
  but western ukraine is not really as underdeveloped as usually portrayed , they are not crazy nationalists , they have beautiful cities , amazing nature , they are open and welcoming people . 
  nobody ever gave me shit for speaking russian . 
  please stop dividing the country . 
  not really , the main port city in ukraine is odessa , and they will definitely stay, 
  [ eggs are a serious weapon in ukraine ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olbpvfeypdk ), 
  starbucks has at least ten locations in wien alone . 
  though it is true that it is mostly popular with tourists/immigrants . 
  but quite a lot of austrians there too . 
   eastern europe  estonia get him boys !, 
  is ko\u0161ice really bad ? 
  i have friends there who invited me to visit . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_lingua_francas#french it may not have been the lingua franca , but it certainly was a lingua franca . 
  french was the language of diplomats in xvii-xix century times , and was also often seen as the language of literature and arts in general . 
  even russian nobility was practically forced to speak french by peter the great and catherine the great . 
  so i think you could give that statement some slack . 
   two-handed zweihander, 
  polish is quite easy when you know ukrainian as so many words are borrowed/shared .
