is the bettencourt thing still going on ? 
  i also heard something about sarkozy and his lawyer interfering with the conseil d'etat , too . 
  is there any way he could win the socialist primary after having declared that ? 
  that 's right . 
  the eu does n't distinguish between scotland and the rest of the uk for the purposes of free movement law , so scotland is allowed to discriminate . 
  during the independence referendum campaign in 2014 there was some irony in the fact that , had scotland become independent and remained in/joined the eu , they would have been obliged to scrap fees for english students . 
  with the exception of things like torture , rights are not absolute . 
  they do n't develop in a vacuum . 
  they are influenced by their social context and can yield to countervailing considerations like competing rights , constitutional identity of the state , public order etc. 
  there is n't an unqualified right to walk around in the nude , because that would cause problems for others . 
  neither is there a right to wear what you want . 
  if la\u00efcit\u00e9 , as part of the constitutional identity of france , demands limitations on ostentatious religious symbols , so be it ( whether la\u00efcit\u00e9 does in fact demand that , or whether the burkini is such a symbol , is a separate argument ) . 
  speaking of the social context , i 'd argue that the need to stop women being forced into wearing things like that justifies the ban . 
  there 's a longer-term issue at stake . 
  the right to wear what you want yields in the face of considerations like the rights of women in islam etc. 
  i do n't think that 's entirely out of the question , to be honest . 
  the post-brexit agreement is concluded in accordance with 218 ( 3 ) tfeu and requires a qualified majority in the council and the consent of the european parliament . 
  there 's nothing stopping other member states from putting the question to a referendum before the council vote . 
  there are three exceptions provided in the 1951 un convention relating to the status of refugees . 
  they 're contained in article 33 ( 2 )  article 33 - prohibition of expulsion or return ( `` refoulement '' )  1 . 
  no contracting state shall expel or return ( '' refouler '' ) a refugee in any manner whatsoever to the frontiers of territories where his life or freedom would be threatened on account of his race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion . 
  the benefit of the present provision may not , however , be claimed by a refugee whom there are reasonable grounds for regarding as a danger to the security of the country in which he is , or who , having been convicted by a final judgement of a particularly serious crime , constitutes a danger to the community of that country . 
  source : http://www.ohchr.org/en/professionalinterest/pages/statusofrefugees.aspx, 
  spitzenkandidaten seems so pointless . 
  it has a tenuous treaty basis ( all the treaties say on the matter is that the commission president will be appointed taking into account the ep election results ) and it 's presented as a way of strengthening democracy , but it 's bullshit . 
  no-one engages with the ep elections enough to make it worthwhile , and the number of meps is decided through negotiation , rather than strict proportionality . 
  i do n't see why we should go back to it . 
  clearly not hard enough . 
  only the uk and hungary voted against his appointment . 
   when the uk will re-negotiate its relationship to the uk this is either a typo or a cracking joke , given the absolute shitshow going down here . 
  well , i can understand the sentiment , then . 
  pretty brutal assessment . 
  is the problem with us politics , and specifically ending up with candidates like her and trump , citizens united ? 
  or is it much more ? 
  which section ? 
  there 's nothing like that in there . 
  even if it did say ` we 're european union now ' , which it does n't , it would have to remain in force until the end of the article 50 process , because we remain part of the eu until the two years is up ( or the period is extended , which is unlikely ) . 
  those who voted to leave got shafted , too . 
  i 'm not saying that you 're wrong on these ( i completely agree ) , but the charter opt-out ( which poland also received ) is recognised as legally worthless . 
  it just says that the charter does not extend the ability of the ecj to find uk law not within the scope of eu law inapplicable , which it never did in the first place . 
  but i guess the principle of having the opt-out , even if it is worthless , is wrong . 
  it ultimately comes down to what parliament does . 
  parliament could , legally , ignore the referendum today , although that would be difficult politically . 
  i think after a general election , it would be possible for parliament to legitimately ( politically legitimate , rather than simply legally legitimate ) to ignore it . 
  most lawyers seem to think that article 50 itself requires a vote in parliament anyway . 
  if cameron did it , he would be changing primary legislation himself ( the european communities act 1972 ) without going through parliament , which is impossible . 
  i remember reading in the economist that our gdp is around 80 % service-based . 
  without the single market , we 're done . 
  it has to be boris , surely . 
  if he is n't pm , he 'll get away with it and let someone else carry the can . 
  he needs to be seen as the face of this catastrophe so he takes the blame and the rage is unleashed on him . 
   the only way he can leave with some dignity left would be to go on medias , say `` i have been a lying asshole , i hope the british people find it in themselves to forgive me eventually '' , stop politics altogether and spend the rest of the days giving food to homeless people in the streets . 
  not unprecedented in the uk . 
  after the profumo affair in the 1960s , where profumo was disgraced , he spent the rest of his days working at toynbee hall in the east end , cleaning and helping with charity work . 
  by the time he died he was seen to have completely made amends . 
  you have to laugh at how the back to basics campaign was epically undermined by the cabinet . 
  i 've never been but heard it 's good . 
  as someone who knows very little about us politics , why is she hated so much ? 
  that 's good - at least you have job security . 
  the only consolation about housing is that this crisis is going to bring the overheated market down . 
  are you going to london ? 
  good luck - i really do n't envy you . 
  this referendum has unleashed something awful . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced we wo n't go back on it , but if we tried , i fully expect the rest of the eu to tell us to jog on . 
  we 've messed around too long . 
  the uk is n't very attractive at the moment , either . 
  it 's either france or belgium - french is my only foreign language . 
  i guess i could go to germany or the netherlands and get by on english , but that would n't be ideal . 
  i have n't started yet - i 'm starting in september - but i 've done a lot of academic eu law already ( helping my professor write a book , going to conferences etc. ), 
  so i know the field well . 
  i 'm hoping to leave the uk after the llm . 
  i want to stay in france or belgium . 
  i have a friend who has just done a competition llm and she really enjoyed it , but is obviously worried about how relevant it will be now . 
  i 'm not sure how it works in ireland , but in the uk , i would go and pass the law society exams first , just for the job security . 
  you would start at least a year after the application ( i have another friend who has just taken a training contract which starts in 2019 ) so there is time for an llm inbetween . 
  i have b2 french , and after my master 's degree in september ( i 'm going to the college of europe to study eu law , and half of the classes are in french ) i hope to have improved that to c1 . 
  obviously there 's no place for that qualification in the uk any more . 
  iraq was the main one for me , but there were also lots of small disappointments - he came to office on the back of a ` fresh politics ' ticket but then accepted 1 million from bernie ecclestone , which was followed by the cash for peerages scandal . 
  thanks for that . 
  i hope boris becomes pm and has to go begging to brussels to negotiate and they absolutely fuck him over . 
  he needs to be humiliated , and seen to be humiliated . 
  it is beyond a joke that the ambition of this wanker has ruined the country . 
  i never thought a british politician could be worse than blair , but i was wrong . 
  boris johnson is a cunt . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  fuck it , i 'm english and i 'm emigrating . 
  this referendum has unleashed something horrible . 
  it 's an absolute fucking joke . 
  there is going to be a huge backlash , particularly as a lot of people ( judging by interviews on bbc news tonight ) voted in the belief that anyone with dark skin would be kicked out immediately . 
  boris was too scared to show up at prime minister 's questions today . 
  he must be absolutely shitting himself . 
  on a separate note , any idea how easy it is to get a legal job in france ? 
  why ? 
  these people should be made to live with the consequences of what they 've decided . 
  let them live without funding for a bit . 
  i do n't blame you . 
  i want to see the leave voters lie in the bed they 've made . 
  we deserve this - never properly engaged with the eu , always blamed it for what were domestic issues and carved out a special status for ourselves because we thought we were better than the rest . 
  hopefully the eu can build something better without us dragging it down . 
  i feel completely the same .
