  the only thing being the largest party gives you , is the first try in the formation process . 
  something you should n't forget is that vvd and d66 are in the same european parliament fraction ( alde ) , so in a european context , the differences between them are really not as big as rutte is trying to make them seem . 
  nieuwe wegen came out of pvda as well , and artikel1 is a spinoff of a pvda spinoff , so you can kind of count them as well . 
  they do n't appear in most polls . 
  that 's not too surprising however , since they only exist since past december and simons ' image has really been hurt by her cooperation with denk . 
  she will continue to campaign in the coming years she said in a talkshow yesterday evening , so maybe she will be elected in the next elections . 
  she also said that because her voters will be a more diverse than the respondents of most polls , there is still a chance she will get a seat , but she was n't too optimistic . 
  anyway , i think it 's better to be realistic than to be like jan roos from vnl ( voor / * pro * nederland ) who said that he does n't believe the polls and he will get 3 seats in the same talkshow . 
  you 're right , it makes no sense from an ideological perspective . 
  but i do n't think you should necessarily see denk as a ideological party . 
  i see it more as a party that protects the interests of dutch turks and other descendants of non-western immigrants . 
  for a more ideological anti-racism party you should look at artikel 1 . 
  that party was started by sylvana simons who seperated ways with denk ( the party she previously joined ) , because she did n't feel like the party respected her , when she was threatened for her anti-zwarte piet campaign ( our traditional blackface celebration thing that is not meant to be racist , but kind of is ) . 
  personally , i think denk saw her more as a tool to attract not only turks and moroccans , but also ( black ) surinamers and antillians . 
  artikel 1 ( the name refers to the anti-discrimination article in the constitution , that wilders of the pvv wants to get rid off ) is such an ideological party , that they did n't mention the word euro or $ in their election manifest once . 
  edit : sorry for the messy lay out of the comment with all the parentheses by the way , i hope you can make sense of it haha . 
  ask any confessional party that is against same-sex marriage if their reason is `` that 's how it was in the past en thus that 's how it should be '' . 
  spoiler : it is n't . 
  they would talk about christian values etc. 
  still , i would agree with you that being against same-sex marriage is conservative . 
  but i do n't see how `` workers have shed their blood to earn those rights and we should n't allow the government to take those rights away '' could n't be a reason at the same time as being conservative . 
  take the pension age for instance . 
  when it was instated in 1953 ( iirc ) , it was meant to be a pension for the last 5-10 years of people 's life . 
  now , people live longer on average and also a bit longer in good health , partially because of those rights social democrat parties fought for . 
  the rational thing to do is increase the pension age so that the proportion of your life in good health that you have to work remains about the same , like the original law intended . 
  they want to keep the old situation however . 
  for me , that is not exclusively protecting workers ' rights , it is also a conservative ( conserving is in the word ) and populist measure to draw more voters . 
  because a bit more than half of the turks in the netherlands supports erdogan and the other half does n't . 
  so choosing a side would hurt their chances in the elections , whichever side they would choose . 
  another thing is that if we would count percentages , the proportion of seats would sound even lower than it already is for the parties . 
  so no party is going to start talking about percentages , because 25 seats sounds better than 18 % . 
  does n't being conservative mean that you want things to be like they were in the past ? 
  sp wants the pension age to go back to 65 and wants the old healthcare system back . 
  that sounds quite conservative to me . 
  wilders would have done the same , so he ca n't attack rutte for handling it the wrong way . 
  economically his voting is most similar to vvd , the next most right wing party . 
  there 's nothing left wing about him . 
  vvd is also wilders ' previous party , so it 's not that surprising . 
  you are wrong . 
  geert wilders used to be a vvd politician ( the most right wing regular party ) . 
  even though you might buy his retoric , if you look at the vvd 's voting behaviour in the categories financial and social-economic and compare to different parties , pvv is the party that votes the most similarly . 
  unfortunately i ca n't find the website with those numbers , but here is another article saying the same : https://decorrespondent.nl/6208/de-pvv-is-economisch-helemaal-niet-links-integendeel/373481344192-92be8b24, 
  gy bent dood , kind . 
  yeah true , but the problem is that i have to go straight through the city centre so there is n't that much room to cycle very fast . 
  but i do n't think it is worse than cycling . 
  the way i and many people around me cycle to uni is n't more physicially challenging than if i would walk the same amount of time . 
  reality is that i could never be bothered to walk such a long distance to get to and from places though . 
  it 's so slow if you 're used to cycle everywhere haha . 
  they should have drawn a circle around all the germanic languages and then a line to that circle , that would have made it more clear i think . 
  of course you can compare london and stockholm . 
  they 're both big cities and obviously london is larger , but that 's why they invented the concept of * averages *, 
  you start off with `` honest question '' and now you 're saying `` again , dumb comparison '' ? 
  get your act together ... you 're the one that brought up the nyc/sweden comparison by the way , do n't know why you 're attacking me for it . 
  okay , thanks for clearing that up . 
  have a nice evening/night !, 
  you do n't want to touch the population size argument and you did n't address it at all ? 
  what the fuck is this supposed to mean then :  the issue is that countries of different sizes just get to the point and explain to me how having a population of 10 million instead of 318 million makes that situation different . 
  and explain to me what ( dis ) economies of scale have to do with things like murder rates and child mortality instead of explaining how it works when running businesses which is obviously totally different from governing a country . 
  even if that comes with the cost of having a homicide rate that 's 4.2 times as high ? 
  i think we can agree that everyone wants that to be as low as possible . 
  ironically you use a stat with a mean income and then talk about ` the average person ' , which means you have to use a median . 
  but yeah , mean gdp per capita is the socioeconomic statistic the us is doing very good in . 
  their bad usage of those resources to improve quality of life is a shame though . 
  the potential is definitely there , but ( due to their political system i think ) it seems very hard to decrease inequality etc. 
  serbia is not a member of the eu ( yet ) . 
  by the way , sweden and serbia do n't share any kind of government , while denver and detroit do . 
  just hope you realise that . 
  it 's crazy to hear that kind of temperature change . 
  here in the netherlands that would go from -5 \u00b0 to 30 \u00b0 ( edit : day temperatures ) , 20 degrees less change haha . 
  the us failing to apply economies of scale in a normal way like for instance another big country germany does much better is a negative aspect as well . 
  i 'm simply saying that population size is not an excuse . 
  admitting your political system sucks is . 
  are you saying the differences between denver and detroit are similar to those between serbia and sweden ? 
  and do you think there are no regional differences within sweden ? 
  true , that 's a explanation for one of those stats . 
  but how does population size influence child mortality for instance ? 
  for things like that , population size is just an excuse to not have to face the problems the country has . 
  i 'm sure you can also find areas of roughly 4 million swedes that perform better than the swedish average . 
  the reality is that on average , those 50 separate states with their own legislative bodies and laws perform worse than the average of sweden . 
  so the us having more people is n't an excuse to perform worse . 
  the trend you mention about real wages is the same across most western countries , including the us : http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/10/09/for-most-workers-real-wages-have-barely-budged-for-decades/, 
  you are using the american version of liberal , which would be called left wing in europe . 
  in europe , a liberal ( which comes from a latin word that means free ) would be in favor of free market . 
  you can compare every country on that website . 
  canada is really hot in summer i heard from my uncle who visited the region around vancouver . 
  30 degrees celsius !, 
  and sweden would probably perform better than nyc on all those metrics except for income . 
  but the population size does n't matter for that . 
  i 'm at work right now , on reddit ... 
  he recently posted an image of one of his political opponents ( pechtold ) at a pro-sharia demonstration . 
  pechtold was never there . 
  it was a fotoshop . 
  if that does n't make you a stain on humanity i do n't know what does . 
  hmm yeah you 're right . 
  i do n't know then . 
  maybe it 's supposed to be an ecoduct , where animals can cross the highway ? 
  does my free hola vpn chrome extension work like that too ? 
  i 've only used it to watch youtube , bbc and other geo-blocked clips . 
  the newer immigrants migrated for another reason . 
  the first people probably wanted to remain french after algeria became independent .
