   it is when the american map does n't distinguish between them [ rural and city areas ] that 's the same for the netherlands and the other european countries !, 
  [ this map ] ( http://wereldkaartonline.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/kaart-van-nederland.jpg ) shows rural and urban areas quite well . 
  in most of those rural areas , murders do n't happen at all , so they would be undefined areas according to your map with counties of an average population of ~ 100,000 ( which would be best compared to municipalities in the netherlands that have ~ 44,000 people on average ( provinces have ~ 1,4 million on average ) ) . 
  about those provinces , i think they used those 4 areas because provinces would be too small to see with that horrible resolution . 
  there are actually 12 provinces ( and 390 municipalities ) and they put together 3 provinces per region , which is acceptable when you look at cultures , except from zeeland ( the southwest ) , but you ca n't even recognise the individual islands , so i do n't know what region they put that in . 
  but right now , the average dutch region has around the same population as the average us state , so that comparison makes sense . 
  to comment on your map , on one hand it is better because it 's more detailed , but on the other hand , there is no information on a lot of counties , especially in the north middle ( which is called the midwest right ? ) . 
  on the map in the post there are three states above each other there ( nd , sd and ne ) with a murder rate between 2.5 and 7 , but on your map they are mostly undefined apart from a cluster of counties which is indeed between 2.5 and 7 . 
  the rest of your map tells more or less the same story as the posted map , more dark colours in the states that have a higher murder rate and more light colours in the states that have a lower murder rate . 
  the only significantly different conclusion you can make with your map is that the north of california has less murders than the south , and additionally you can recognise detroit , chicago and new york . 
  on the posted map , you ca n't recognise those cities , but you also ca n't recognise large cities in europe like london , paris , madrid , barcelona , rome , athens and more . 
  so i really do n't think that the us is made to look bad with this map . 
  if your style of map was used and the undefined areas were fixed , the us would still look as bad compared to ( western ) europe . 
  you admit yourself that there is a lot of guns entering the city from outside . 
  if germany would have the same violent gun culture as the us , the netherlands would probably see an increase in gun crimes as well ( there are open borders ) . 
  just like belgium has more drug problems because of legal weed sale across the border in the netherlands . 
  if you really want to test if gun control works , you should first take everyone 's guns/let them do the same kind of things you have to do in most european countries to get a gun , then you have to close the city borders so that guns are very difficult to smuggle in , and then you need a control group to compare with that had a similar gun violence rate to chicago before real gun control started . 
  comparing chicago and vermont this way does not make sense , sorry . 
  i think you definitely have some strong proposals . 
  something to add would be more rehabilitation in the punishing system . 
  let 's hope for your people that politicians read this haha . 
  lol at you taking nevada as an example to compare to the netherlands . 
  i hope you are intelligent enough to realise that murders are committed by people , not by square metres of land . 
  nevada has 2.7 million people and is divided in one area . 
  the netherlands has 17 million people and is divided in 4 areas . 
  this means that the average subdivision of the netherlands has a larger population than nevada . 
  inner cities being violent places compared to the country side is not a uniquely american problem . 
  the cities in the netherlands also increase the rate a lot compared to the countryside , because there are less people living in the country side than in cities . 
  so i should get mad that they did n't include a 0-0 .50 range and more districts as well . 
  if you would divide the us in counties it would still be a darker map than europe . 
  someone else in the comments posted a us map , which only showed the white colours in the middle of the north . 
  the entire south , west and east were darker . 
  uhm ... you linked violent crime rates for the us instead of murder rate . 
  i get your general point , but the thing is this : the netherlands for instance , also is a very safe place to live ( safer than every us state on aggregate ) , but that is the case as well if you live within the ` gang cities ' ( that we do n't have to the same extent ) and neighbourhoods . 
  crime only happening in a few select places does n't mean that it does n't exist and still says something about the worse socioeconomic problems the us faces , compared to countries with similar average gdp/hdi . 
  maybe they made the scales based on the number of regions that are in that scale ? 
  i could also be mad that all of the netherlands is only in two categories , < 1.00 and 1.00-1 .49 , even though there is less crime in the north of the netherlands than in the west , but i do n't . 
  this map might be a bit misleading if you try to make comparisons within countries , but if you want to compare countries to each other , it really is n't misleading and the large scale of 2.5-7 is actually neither convenient , nor inconvenient for the us . 
  i hope that i , as a non-american , do n't have to tell you that the differences between gun control in chicago and vermont are not a cause of differing crime rates , they 're a result . 
  we are talking about averages here , if you had n't noticed . 
  if you want to be afraid of terror attacks , go ahead , but that does n't mean that for the average person , the chance of a terror attack is very low , much lower than a traffic related accident . 
  half is closer to 2.5 , the other half is closer to 7 as the mean is around 4.95 and the median 4.5 . 
  someone made a table of values in this thread . 
  so the 2.5-7 range does n't really make a difference for the us . 
  you have to be pretty stupid if you think that 2.5 to 7 means 7 , it means something between 2.5 and 7 and in the case the average is almost exactly in the middle of those values , so it is not misleading at all . 
  that 's the same for almost every country . 
  most crime , including murders , is in cities . 
  the median/mean rate in the us is 4,5 / 4,95 according to fbi sources lower in the thread . 
  that is about the average of the 2,5 to 7 range . 
  so how does the use of that range make the us look better or worse ? 
  i 'd say that it makes no difference , because the median and mean are in the middle of that range anyway . 
  next to that it 's not relevant , it 's a development across most western countries , not just us . 
  there are minorities in european countries as well . 
  something like 12 % of the netherlands has a non-western migrant background . 
  similar for most other countries . 
  i think the us has specific problems with their treatment of minorities and poverty in general , and that it does n't have much to do with ethnicity itself . 
  if you compare high income countries , which makes sense , there is a clear relation . 
  european countries have less crime and less gun ownership with the exception of switzerland and the us has more crime and more gun ownership . 
  the relation is there . 
  the real question is if there is causation or not . 
   terrorism is , in its broadest sense , the use of intentionally indiscriminate violence ( terror or fear ) in order to achieve a political , religious , or ideological aim . 
  this is the definition on wikipedia . 
  a politically motivated murder is not indiscriminate , so i do n't think it falls under the definition of terrorism . 
  o damn . 
  i guess i just got lucky that my train did n't get searched . 
  it was just a local train from moeskroen ( in belgium , just over the border ) to lille , so maybe that train still does n't get checks . 
  i rather have this than having to wait at every border for hours so that everyone can be checked . 
  i 'm going on a skiing trip to france in a week and i 'd like to arrive there on the same day ... 
  are border controls really that strict ? 
  i was able to travel from antwerpen to lille by train without being checked once and i did n't see any border control , only heavily armed police at the belgian train stations . 
  this was also something like a week after the brussel attacks , so you would expect border control to be at its most strict . 
  yeah i 've lived in utrecht from 4-now and hating on holland/the rest of the randstad , and especially ajax is something we like to do . 
  but seriously though , i do n't really care if i 'm being called hollands either . 
  for my grandparents who are from frysl\u00e2n and groningen respectively it 's probably different though haha . 
  yeah but you have a leiden flair in r/thenetherlands and an ajax flair on r/soccer , looking at your profile . 
  so that 's about as hollands as it gets ... for people who have nothing to do with holland like me , it 's different . 
  in many languages it is n't the official word , such as french and spanish . 
  they often call us hollande/holanda , but the official names are pays bas/paises bajos . 
  i know , but they are already changing some times in 2018 ( group stage matches at 19:00 ) , so to make it optimal for the tv audiences and fans at the same time , they should switch to 20:00 and 22:00 cet . 
  i tried to present an idea , not a fact . 
  sorry if i did n't make that clear enough . 
  okay thanks . 
  i did n't have any idea about portugal , i only knew that spanish teams sometimes play at 22:00 , bar\u00e7a at 23:00 once this season . 
  yeah , but they could change that if they want to make more money , just like with the europa league . 
  and making more money seems like one of uefa 's highest goals . 
  they will already do some games at 19:00 cet starting in 2018 , but i think a 20:00 / 22:00 or 19:45 / 22:00 would be better . 
  it could also be an improvement if you change some things . 
  spain ( and portugal ? ), 
  likes games relatively late in the evening , so they could play their home games at 21:00 ( future ) local time , which is 22:00 in the rest of continental europe , so that we can have our home games at 20:00 in the evening . 
  that way you can watch 2 cl games on one evening instead of only 1 !, 
  another idea : turkey and russia also play their games at 20:00 local time , which is 18:00 ect , so you can watch 3 cl games !, 
  no , why you ask me ? 
  you have n't seen any people who support trump and voice his ideas here ? 
  does n't seem like they banned that speech here . 
  worldnews is just as bad . 
  yeah i 'm being sarcastic . 
  just to show that even though those people like to talk about free speech , in their own zone they are just as , if not more repressive than this community . 
  look , i 'm going to explain it one last time . 
  there are 17 million dutch citizens . 
  wilders wants , and in this case made his followers call for deporting the ones with a different ethnicity and after that made the threat real by saying : `` then we 're going to take care of it '' .
