  to be fair , this does include several eastern european countries for which i would not be surprised if wikipedia 's figures were incorrect . 
  seems like europe has a much lesser crime problem . 
  is it because of guns ? 
  maybe that is something that helps a bit , but i think the main cause is less severe poverty due to a better social system . 
  i do n't want to be disrespectful towards latvia , but i do n't think that is exactly the paradise you want to aim for . 
  yes it does , i just wanted to point out that compared to other western nations , the us have quite a high military budget . 
  just like hitler . 
  do n't you know that the us has more population per capita ?? 
  according to nato treaties , every country is supposed to spend 2 % of gdp on the military , but many european countries do n't reach that number . 
  the netherlands for instance is at 1,2 % . 
  the examples you gave are all pretty militaristic compared to the rest of the modern world . 
  yeah okay , that makes sense . 
  i guess there is indeed some kind of double standard in which high educated people ( who are mostly from western countries ) get away with not speaking dutch/only speaking english easier than low educated people ( who are mostly from non-western countries ) . 
  well i first responded to someone who lives in london and ( jokingly ) suggested he was going to migrate to amsterdam . 
  then i responded to someone , mentioning asylum seeker center , which is by definition for newcomers . 
  the issue of moroccans refusing/not being able to speak dutch or english is a different story . 
  that does not have anything to do with the context of this comment thread though . 
  you are comparing the discrimination against an established community with the situation for newcomers to the netherlands , which this comment thread is about . 
  yeah of course it depends on who you meet , but i have never seen someone getting mad at someone from africa because he did n't speak dutch , and i live near an azc ( asylum seekers center ) , so i see them enough both there and in my personal life . 
  i do n't really have a lot of experience with eastern european people though . 
  we absolutely really do n't care if you do n't speak dutch or do n't try to learn it . 
  yep , they announced beforehand that they were going to hunt down english fans . 
  pretty stupid of french police not to take precuations to prevent that . 
  wow , you 'd never expect a country with 300 million inhabitants to be more heterogenous than countries with 80 million at most and around 20 million on average ... 
  while it 's true that alexander the great was the king of macedonia , he was educated by greeks , united greece and spread greek culture around the world . 
  the nation of greece in a cultural sense has existed since before 0 though . 
  most of the current nations in europe started existing in/after the middle ages . 
  for instance , people in england started feeling like a united nation somewhere around the year 1000 with the first kings of england and when the different genetic people in england were n't seen as separate peoples anymore . 
  wars and revolutions have changed the legal state of nations of course , but greece before 1830 was also greece . 
  hell yeah , i believe in not believing . 
  seriously though , it seemed like a logical way to phrase it but did n't really work as you pointed out . 
  what , convert them to christianity ? 
  fuck religion . 
  i 'd rather convert them to atheists if it is that easy . 
  i 'm 1 fucking 83 and even i felt short before going to uni . 
  at my previous school the average height was 1,88 or something ... 
  i 'm not sure what point i 'm missing ? 
  it seems perfectly logical to me that if your public healthcare system is shit , but there are still a lot of people with money , there is a higher demand for private , very high quality health care than when your publicly funded system is already quite good . 
  you are behind with the luxembourg compromise . 
  in the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luxembourg_compromise#shift_in_attitude ) is states that since 1983 , it was n't that relevant anymore . 
  also , on one of the [ eu websites ] ( http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/council-eu/voting-system/qualified-majority/ ) , it says that qmv is used in ** 80 % ** of the votes about secondary legislation . 
   that is the case for directives the reason i only mention directives is that regulations are directly applicable and individually enforceable , while directives are not . 
  so your government does not always need to agree with eu secondary legislation in order for it to influence individuals . 
  i 'm very pro-eu , and of course the eu is not an `` oppressive semi-dictatorial union full of unelected bureaucrats '' , but you can definitely argue that there is some kind of democratic deficit , especially because only the comission has legislative initiative . 
  there are ways to request the comission to create legislation , but these are not binding . 
  compared to that , most states , where parliament has the possibility of putting forward legislative proposals , are much more directly democratic . 
  you should be honest about the veto power . 
  most decisions in the council of ministers are made with qualified majority voting in which individual countries do not have veto power . 
  also the principle of the commissionners is not that they represent a nation , they are the same as ministers of countries . 
  originally they wanted to reduce the number of commissionners to something like 15 to reduce the bureaucracy problem ( some commissionners portefeuilles make absolutely no sense now ) , but that was politically not viable . 
  if you do not implement eu directives ( regulations are automatically turned into national law ) , you will get sanctioned by the commission sooner or later . 
  the rest of your post is accurate . 
  you also have private clinics with very high standards in european countries . 
  i hope you do n't overlook that . 
  it 's just that the socialised health care is so much more affordable ( and cost effective ) that it makes no sense for almost every person to go to a private healthcare business . 
  you do n't / did n't have religious grandparents ? 
  most of my family is not religious , but my grandparents from both sides still are/were . 
  i mean that the disappointment of gl voters might be not as bad as the disappointment of pvda voters , because they would not be personally let down . 
  many of the high educated gl voters wo n't feel that ` in their wallet ' so that 's what he should hope for i guess ... 
  the 38 that they previously had was also quite high , due to a race in the polls between pvda and vvd . 
  many people voted strategically and regretted it . 
  yeah i agree we should do that after the referendum . 
  the only problem is their nato membership and the syria conflict , but i 'm afraid we 're going to have to make sacrifices there . 
  you are perfectly right . 
  that 's why we should wait until after the referendum . 
  that extra month of no sanctions is not going to matter a lot for the economic situation in the long term ( as in multiple years ) , but it might help the no-camp in the short term . 
  the meltdown on pvv sympathising facebook pages and on / r/the _ donald has been pretty bad . 
  on both those places comments saying : `` there has been fraud if wilders did n't win '' have been much upvoted/liked , even though the government did everything to prevent fraud , they even counted everything by hand and did n't use internet to communicate results from place to place . 
  he has been saying all the time that groenlinks is willing to compromise as long as it 's groen ( green ) and links ( left ) . 
  the links part is not going to happen , but we desperately need to do something about the environment as we 're one of the worst countries in europe when it comes to renewable energy for instance . 
  maybe klaver can get away with it if they implement enough green policies ? 
  d66 has said that they hope those kind of things can be left out of the regeerakkoord ( policy agreement ? ) . 
  i 'm not sure if cda will agree with that , but maybe if they keep it under the radar they will . 
  i hope jesse klaver knows he 's going to have to surrender most of the ` links ' part of groenlinks . 
  that 's why i found it weird that he chose income inequality as a topic in the last debate . 
  was he trying to actually convince cda and their voters to have a left wing economic policy ? 
  i do n't think that has any chance of succeeding haha . 
  they are in the same europarlementary fraction as libdems . 
  but vvd is in that same fraction too . 
  so yeah ... do n't know how useful that is to know haha . 
  the mistake you are making is thinking that erdogan listens to reason . 
  i 'm fairly sure that he does not care that much about the economic situation once he can go full dictator mode , because there will not be much opposition left . 
  and if he goes full dictator mode , we will sanction him anyway . 
  the only way out of this inevitable confrontation is if the turkish people vote ` no ' , and right now we should do everything we can to give the ` no ' - camp a chance . 
  do you think we can hurt their economy without them noticing it ? 
  starting something like that before the referendum would be very stupid . 
  it only strengthens erdo\u011fan 's rhetoric of ` everyone is against us , we need a stronger turkey ( aka dictator ) to deal with them ' . 
  the smart thing to do is show that we have a thick skin for the next month and after the referendum start the sanctions . 
  i suggest we wait until after the referendum before we do that . 
  now there 's still ( false ? ), 
  hope that erdo\u011fan does n't win and ca n't go full dictator yet . 
  if we go into attacking mode against turkey now , that will only help erdo\u011fan in his campaign for a ` stronger turkey ' . 
  pvv also did n't get close to 20 % . 
  you have to divide the projected 19 seats by 1.5 to get the percentage . 
  so they 're around 13 % . 
  that 's why they get first try , but most \u2260 majority . 
  in addition to the other comments , there are over 1100 candidates , so that makes the counting process last quite long . 
  i think wilders would make it last as long as he can , so that he has the most time he can to blame the other parties for being undemocratic and not willing to work with him etc. 
  why should the party with the most votes be in the coalition ? 
  in the end the coalition should represent a majority of the people .
