and the financial institutions need to be sure debts are payed . 
  the uk is a lot more reliable than greece and has always been more reliable . 
  even this small deficit could mean trouble for greece if they ca n't refinance it . 
  in ` normal ' times there should be neither a surplus nor a defecit . 
  problem is there are almost no ` normal ' times because of conjuncture . 
  in ` good ' times the surplus should be used to pay off debts . 
  that does n't happen because politicians are n't long term thinkers . 
  keynes probably would n't like how his ideas are used these days ... 
  it 's the idea of a famous economist , keynes . 
  in bad economic times countries spend more than they have , creating a budget deficit and a public debt . 
  this should stimulate the economy . 
  in good economic times the government should cut spending and spend less than they have , to slow down the economy and thus creating a consistent growth . 
  then they can also pay off their debts . 
  the problem is that we live in democracies where people do n't like their governments to cut spending , so public debts only go up and barely go down . 
  the thing is that the laws that prevent the us cars from being sold in the eu have their purpose ( reducing pollution ) which they reach , while the purpose of the law that prevents kinder eggs from being sold is preventing dangerous food fraud , which is n't being reached by banning kinder eggs . 
  unless in america kinder eggs are more dangerous than in europe of course . 
  there is a problem , you ca n't buy kinder eggs in retail stores anymore . 
  also , i think you mean precedent instead of president ? 
  geert wilders ' party wants to use [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/prince%27s_flag ) so your example is not correct , as that flag is already very controversial and would probably not be allowed at the eurovision . 
  ah thanks , i already thought i 'd really missed something . 
  well i did , but at least i pronounced the name right ... 
  can confirm . 
  a friend of mine lives in a chopin street and we never even considered pronouncing it non-french . 
  mayonnaise is so much better with fries than ketchup ... 
  well it 's the climax of his continuous hate speech against moroccans . 
  now he 's doing the same with refugees . 
  i think you are mixing things up a bit . 
  they are anti-islam indeed , and i agree to some extent that you could say a religion is an ideology with a god . 
  being anti-ideology is n't necessarily bad . 
  the definition of xenophobia is fear of foreigners . 
  he used to mostly focus on anti-islam and anti-eu , but last year he started targeting people of moroccan descent . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bab75uznt8o ) is pure xenofobia . 
  he says : do you want more or less foreigners , audience responded with ` less , less , less ' . 
  of course he added context about that it only applied to criminal moroccans later , but that does n't change that he makes/lets the audience make xenophobic statements in this video . 
  would you say they are n't ? 
  we have the same . 
  there are 86,000 de jongs , but if you combine jansen en janssen there are 131,000 . 
  nice coincidence that it is the same name even ( jan = john ) . 
  i live close to a [ mosque ] ( http://www.duic.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/kebab.png ) and they only do the call for prayer twice a day around 1 and 4 . 
  that way it 's quite doable , although it 's annoying if you 're listening music and you certainly hear someone else singing . 
  by the way , if you look at the picture , you see that there is a logo that says ` kebap factory ' . 
  they actually decided to put a kebab shop on the lowest floor and it is the best kebab in town , so i come there a lot . 
  oh , that was not my idea at all , my idea was that no european nation should be patriotic because of the past , not specifically germany . 
  i did n't mean to say that we ( we as in the rest of europe ) have problems with germany 's patriotism ( of the past ) but i tried to say that patriotism of all nations has been bad for entire europe , that 's why i mentioned both world wars , to show that it 's not just germany . 
  tl ; dr i agree with you about me agreeing with you . 
  if you read carefully , you would have seen that i wrote ` both world wars ' . 
  an indirect cause of the first world war was patriotism in all european countries , not just germany , which , together with militarisation , created a situation in which a war between the axis powers and france , uk and russia was inevitable . 
  it 's not only from wwii that we have a bad association with patriotism . 
  patriotism is what led to both worlds wars , so please no . 
  then the us relatively still has less than norway because 1/5  38/300 . 
  if you look at 2005-2015 it will be different though . 
  nah mate , you obviously forgot about them multipliers . 
  as weird as it sounds , prostitution is haram in sunni islam , but rape is only forbidden when the person is married , than it is considered adultery . 
  in shi'ite islam , prostitution is legal , because you can engage in a ` temporary marriage ' in which the man pays a sum of money . 
  edit : it 's actually the other way around , so he has to be sunni to engage in prostitution . 
  i do n't know if she has to be muslim for it to be officially valid though . 
  yeah that 's kind of the point of the us . 
  do n't be poor , because you 'll stay poor . 
  come on , you can compare each figure and say that ` more than 90 % ' is not absolutely everything , but you can also be honest and just admit that even though the us has very good social security , it is not as good as in the netherlands . 
  that 19.5 percentage points difference does n't come out of nowhere , and i think i explained that difference better than you did . 
  you can , like we call it in the netherlands , ant fuck on the small details , or just accept that the social security system in the netherlands is better at preventing poverty for elders ( and in general , but that 's another story ) . 
  of course , the bad thing about it is that rich people are a little bit less rich , but in my opinion , that is how it should be . 
  edit : fyi , health insurance and subsidy is the same for all adults ( children are free with their parents ) . 
  it costs 75 to 150 euros , depending on your extra programs ( physiotherapy for instance ) and on the height of your own risk . 
  own risk means that you have to pay at least the first ~ $ 300 ( so that you only use health care if you need it . 
  children do n't have own risk ) , or more of you want to pay less monthly , with a maximum of around 800 to 1000 euros i think . 
  you can get around $ 75 a month in health subsidies i thought . 
  if you have a job , you automatically save for a pension . 
  the 12,000 is just the minimum amount to be above the poverty line . 
  your pension fund pays you a certain amount ( 70 % of your last/average wage including state pension ) , so if you ever had a job , you 'll be well above the 12,000 . 
  those 2 % are probably the people who have been on welfare their whole life , thus only getting the 12,000 . 
  next to that , almost everything is subsidized in the netherlands , so if you only make/receive that 12,000 you get rent subsidy , health insurance subsidy ( health insurance is mandatory in the netherlands and it covers almost everything ) and lots of other less significant subsidies . 
  this means it 's really hard to live in real poverty in the netherlands . 
  or the short story : the us has relatively small social security and state pension funds compared to other western countries . 
  if you did n't save pension yourself , because , for instance , you 're poor , which is quite common in the us , than you wo n't have much income when you 're old , and you 'll still be considered poor . 
   dutch bible belt  dutch  dutch, 
  if you ask dutch bible belt people what is more important , the bible or the constitution , they would say the bible as well . 
  so that 's not that surprising is it ? 
  wilders wo n't change the law to prohibit islam , because he wo n't get a 2/3rds majority to change the constitution . 
  http://maxius.nl/grondwet/artikel6 our own constitution says that the freedom of religion can be reduced to improve safety ... 
  do you know of the subreddit r/shitamericanssay ? 
  you 'd like it . 
  so how are you going to make sure there are less of x people ? 
  you 'd have to deport them right ? 
  but moroccans in the netherlands do almost all own dutch passports , so that is not even possible . 
  they have the same rights as ` native ' dutch citizens , as most of them were born here and have lived here all their lives . 
  i mean i 'm not saying that wilders should be sentenced , because in my opinion that would be not good for the political process and would only lead to more polarisation , but it is pretty clear why people are angry right ? 
  is it a trump supporter ? 
  yes it is !, 
  did you just assume my opinion on moroccans ? 
  are n't there gypsies in romania that are discriminated against ? 
  my house is 118 years old and the front side has a monument status . 
  wait do you mean that non-children movies are dubbed in flanders ? 
  cause they are not in the netherlands . 
  yeah it seems to be more a measure of inequality than a measure of poverty . 
  i guess for some countries it is true this way , otherwise they would n't use it . 
  that could very well be . 
  but if you just read the article you could have known for sure and could have quoted that , which would have made your comment look a lot better . 
  try reading the article maybe ? 
  it actually explains it :  according to eurostat , a person is in poverty or social exclusion when it is faced with one or more of the following situations : is considered poor ( ie has an income of less than 60 % of the national median income ) , is living in poverty ( ie lacking basic consumer goods or fails to meetminimum financial obligations ) , or lives with a family facing the risk of unemployment ( ie in a family where none of its members have a '' normal job '' ) .
