  that 's inciting discrimination against the moroccan ethnicity . 
  immigration has nothing to do with it . 
  yes , the parents or grandparents immigrated to the netherlands a few decades ago . 
  but most of the moroccans were born in the netherlands . 
  wilders repeatedly calls for limiting immigration from islamic countries . 
  that is talking about immigration . 
  is he being prosecuted for that ? 
  has he been found guilty of inciting discrimination against the moroccan ethnicity in the netherlands ? 
  yes . 
  i hope this has helped you understanding this case and will stop you from saying inaccurate , wrong things . 
  you people are so stupid . 
  wilders committed the crime before the whole refugee crisis . 
  immigration has nothing to do with it !, 
  why ca n't you people read the article and think for once instead of just making up stuff . 
  maybe you did n't see the comment that is now removed , but he said that wilders was found guilty for islamophobia and that it 's ironic that a islamic terror suspect was caught . 
  but like i said , that case has nothing to do with islam , and this arrest obviously does . 
  dude , the muslims here and there are not the same people . 
  you ca n't go around generalising entire groups like that all the time . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  and doing what wilders does adds at least as much gasoline to the fire as letting some more muslims go into the country . 
  the polarisation really does not help preventing muslims from supporting isis . 
  generalising entire groups of people is not helpful . 
  that 's why it was `` inciting discrimination '' . 
  he made his voters say discriminatory things . 
  and for the billionth time , it was clearly , like the judges said who studied this case way more in depth than you and i about moroccans who are currently inside the netherlands and possess the dutch nationality . 
  it has nothing to do with immigration . 
  i repeat : controlling who goes into the country has nothing to do with what wilders said that day . 
  it was purely meant against people with the dutch nationality . 
  he later said that it was only about criminals , but at the time he deliberately incited discrimination . 
  it was planned up front , so it was deliberate . 
  if we really want to reduce crime , it would be more efficient to have less men than less moroccans . 
  so why did n't wilders say that ? 
  luckily you americans do n't decide what our society has to look like , would be pretty fucked up ... 
  that really does not agree with my experience with moroccans . 
  wait what ? 
  how would you interpret what he 's saying then . 
  seems pretty clear that it 's discrimination against people with moroccan backgrounds . 
  does he want less moroccans ? 
  yes . 
  does he want less people with other backgrounds ? 
  that 's your discrimination right there . 
  i 'm not asking you to say that islam is n't the problem , but in that case muslims are clearly , violently discriminated against so it does n't come from one side all over the world . 
  and you act as if fewer muslims is a possibility , but i just ca n't comprehend how willfully ignorant or just stupid you have to be to think that it is possible to reduce the number of muslims in the netherlands in a lawful way . 
  that 's just not an option . 
  you have to come up with another solution . 
  and by the way , this case with wilders had nothing to do with religion , it was about criminality and it 's also not possible or even morally right according to the majority to throw people out of the country for criminal behaviour and take away their citizenship . 
  yeah and you would expect the ridiculously lower house prices outside the randstad to have a positive effect to compensate for the lower incomes , but apparently there is n't an effect in this model . 
  yeah it 's weird . 
  when you go over the border in noordoost-groningen , you are immediately two categories richer , while that area of germany is poor as well and i ca n't imagine the lower gas prices and slightly lower grocery prices have such a large influence . 
  like someone else mentioned , they probably did something with the tax rates yeah , which would explain the sharp borders . 
  i wonder if they took into account the very extensive wealth redistribution aspect of our tax system , for instance zorgtoeslag , huurtoeslag , andere vormen van bijstand . 
  islam had nothing to do with this wilders case . 
  it was about moroccans , and when wilders nuanced his words , he did n't speak about islam , he talked about criminality . 
  so sorry but you 're just plain wrong . 
  yeah it was n't specifically against you , it was more the irony in this specific comment thread . 
  it starts with : `` you should n't be concerned with the similarities between wilders and nazi 's '' and it ends with `` you should n't decide what other people can be concerned about '' . 
  as a sidenote , you should check out what 's going on between buddhists and muslims in myanmar . 
  but yes , of course there is a problem in a part of the moroccan society and it needs to be addressed . 
  however , putting all moroccans in the same group calling for fewer fewer fewer of them does not help achieving that in any way , does it ? 
  that this politician has stopped being reasonable and nuanced altogether , does n't mean that we should lower to his level , and that goes for both the extreme right and the extreme left of course , which are only increasing in power . 
  but neither the judges , nor the prosecutors have said wilders was guilty of racism ? 
  he has been declared guilty of discrimination against an ethnicity . 
  the court also explained why moroccans can be considered an ethnicity , but that 's clear i think . 
  maybe on wikipedia , that 's the definition , but that 's not the definition that 's been used by the dutch law system so i do n't think your fear of the word losing its power is justified in the context of this post . 
  who has been claiming that ? 
  the bluntness and frankness stereotype really is n't a thing in politics , wilders and before him pim fortuyn ( who was arguably less extreme ) are a relatively new thing and they are/were strongly opposed . 
  if anything , the netherlands would be known for its tolerance and being the cr\u00e8me de la cr\u00e8me when it comes to political correctness ( apart from zwarte piet , which is heavily debated now as well ) . 
  haha it was so funny when he was against a law to prevent foreign funding of political parties , that was proposed by the `` long arm of erdo\u011fan '' . 
  he said that later , during an interview . 
  but if he did n't want to be found guilty , be should have clearly said at the time that he meant only criminal moroccans and not all moroccans , instead of only giving the explanation later . 
  you are allowed to say things like this in private settings , it happens everyday . 
  the difference is that it was in public , it 's not only the ` group offending ' ( literal translation ) part , but also the ` inciting discrimination ' part . 
  if you do it in private you are not inciting anyone . 
  of course one can debate whether a party meeting is a private event . 
  it probably would be a private event by the way , because wilders is the only member of his party . 
  you can argue stuff you do n't know here , but you can also just look it up . 
  the judge actually explains why a moroccan ethnicity can be established and that wilders discriminated against that ethnicity . 
  you 're doing it again . 
  yes i know a lot of muslims who dislike people who say something nice about israel . 
  but all the muslims i know also hate isis . 
  it is not as if there is to options : hate isis or hate israel . 
  you can easily hate both . 
   by talking about immigration really , are you really going to represent his words with that sentence ? 
  he has been talking about immigration all the time and has never been convicted for it , so clearly it was worse this time . 
  very nice story you have here , but we still all have to live together in a society . 
  a lot of people are supportive to some restricting of free speech to get a more liveable society . 
  because say what you want about the us , but it 's not really a society in which different groups of people live together without problems . 
  and you obviously do n't need absolute free speech to call for other freedoms . 
  geert wilders can easily say : ' i want the freedom to incite discrimination ' , but as the majority of the people does not want to give him that freedom , he is not allowed to incite discrimination . 
  if you look at his twitter account , he is still calling for it though without repercussions . 
  luckily there is perfect free speech on the subreddit of our soon-to-be american president , to give a good example to us . 
  so why are you all trying to decide that his concern that this situation looks similar to fascism is n't legitimate ? 
  yeah because it just happens that you translate ` discriminatie ' to ` hate ' and ` haat ' to ` discrimination ' . 
  come on , did the translation have anything to do with it at all ? 
  ah yes , because there 's only two options , communism and fascism . 
  the slippery slope argument . 
  classic ... just look up the laws we have in the netherlands and find out if one can be found guilty for calling for civil disobedience , whatever that even means . 
  jesus man , that 's a very small percentage of moroccans that 's doing that . 
  you are just contributing to the polarisation that is already happening this way . 
  you do know that these moroccans he is talking about are dutch citizens ?
