  that 's two elections later though . 
  after the gedoogkabinet fell , he only got 15 seats . 
  he lost 9 seats , the largest loss in that election . 
  now he 's been in opposition for 4 years again . 
  the court said that moroccans are an ethnicity though . 
  even though there are multiple different ethnicities within morocco itself , but yeah . 
  tering man ... 
  i legitimately thought you were being sarcastic , until i looked at your other comments . 
  how is criticising a country 's inauguration tradition ` bigoted ' lol . 
  it 's not about trump . 
  i 've never watched an inauguration before so it just looked really weird . 
  i did n't associate trump with it at all , i did n't even know he was allowed to choose who speaks etc. 
  ah thanks , makes sense indeed . 
  wait where did you get those numbers ? 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_and_territories_by_population_density ) has us at 411.8 / km ^ 2 . 
  or does your figure exclude water areas or something ? 
  yep , that could be a problem . 
  right now though , vvd and pvv together have approximately 40 % of the seats in the polls . 
  in the past two elections , they had 36 % together . 
  so it could be that their ceiling is at around 40-45 % together . 
  there are some other right-wing parties at 0 now , but they probably get their voters from the same electorate . 
  that would mean that they need a third party , and the only party that could be willing to work with them is [ 50plus ] ( http://www.50pluspartij.nl/actueel/1756-50plus-krol-pvv-verkiezingen ) , but then they still do n't have enough seats in parliament . 
  maybe sgp ( very strict protestant party ) would want to work with them , but they never get more than 2-3 % , so that would n't help much . 
  so it would be very hard to form a coalition with pvv in it . 
  you still have n't given any indication you know something about dutch politics . 
  why should i take your comments seriously ? 
  lol look at that bot defintion . 
   argumentum ad hominem ( from the latin , `` to the person '' ) is an informal logical fallacy that occurs when someone attempts to refute an argument by attacking the source making it rather than the argument itself . 
  you did n't even have an argument , so there was nothing to refute . 
  you just said ` you keep saying that ' . 
  you think it 's weird that people look at your flair after a meaningless comment like that ? 
  do you even know what the leader of the second biggest party said last week about cooperation with the pvv ? 
  do you know what happened last time they tried to cooperate ? 
  do you know what all other parties except one say about cooperation with the pvv ? 
  he 's already being caught up by the vvd , the right wing liberal party . 
  ah , please educate us about dutch politics all the way from serbia . 
  it was in forested hills like the ones below that mountain . 
  could be there actually , but i 'm not sure as i was pretty young . 
  i was 8 or something back then , so i do n't know where exactly it was , but it was closer than 50km to barcelona i think . 
  might be more accurate to call it hills , but to the dutch everything is a mountain haha . 
  i 've walked through snow in the mountains around barcelona in may . 
  so i do n't think it is that rare for snow to fall there in winter . 
  i 've built wooden roof-terrace covering , that 's the only thing . 
  the wood was ordered upfront and delivered , but we did the construction itself . 
  i do n't know what ikea in the us is like , but here it 's pretty solid stuff . 
  also pretty funny that you first talk about plywood and then call ikea shit , while most of ikea stuff is made out of plywood . 
  by the way , why would i build stuff myself if i have the money to hire someone to do it better ? 
  i value my free time more to much to build stuff during it . 
  does n't mean that all europeans are like this by the way . 
  i know some people who do a lot of stuff themselves . 
  i 've never done most of those things . 
  when moving , you try to fit it in your car or hire a moving company . 
  when picking up wood or something , something i 've done maybe once , you just try to fit it in your car in some way . 
  ikea boxes usually fit in cars . 
  i 've had maybe one moment of `` wish i had a pick up truck '' ever . 
  why would you want a pick up ? 
  they take up a lot of space and use a lot of fuel . 
  we already have a dutch chicken chain : the halal fried chicken : http://www.halalfriedchicken.nl/, 
  is $ 180 million the full cost ? 
  cause that 's much less than i expected . 
  only $ 0,30 per capita to keep the french happy , would have expected to be more . 
  i do n't know man . 
  i think it depends on whether that person is in a hospital or in some kind of nursing home . 
  hospitals are also partly publicly funded by the way . 
  i heard and read that when the healthcare system in the netherlands was still nationalised , waiting times were even worse . 
  so the privatisation did improve that situation . 
  half of it is . 
  the care and cure distinction . 
  cure ( for instance breaking a leg ) is privatised . 
  care ( needing to live in a nursing home for instance ) is not privatised . 
  sure . 
  do you seriously think a majority of parties will be willing to organise a referendum on leaving the eu ? 
  i do n't think it 's going to happen . 
  yeah that title makes no sense . 
  `` every country '' means the 13 countries they have survey data from . 
   so did firearm homicide , specifically if i look at that graph , i could also interpret it in this way : first the new law does n't have much effect yet and firearm homicides go up , just like the total homicide rate , looking at the other graph . 
  after a few years the law does have effect and firearm homicide decreases sharply . 
  by the way , i 'm pretty certain that the uk has had a lack of a violent gun culture also before those laws . 
  they have also had a lower homicide rate than the us all those years . 
  the same goes for other european countries . 
  no violent gun culture , less homicides . 
  so to me it seems very clear that the us should take measures to stop that violent gun culture . 
  if things like the war on drugs do n't work , taking away guns seems like a good start to lessen the violent gun culture . 
  edit : on australia , the article itself states that the gun ownership rate did go down and that many guns were replaced by types that do n't allow continuous shooting , so i would n't say that the gun control did n't work . 
   or , we could just look at other countries like australia and the uk and see it 's not really doing much for ya . 
  i do n't know who ya is , but it does seem like australia has n't had any large mass shootings after they made gun control stricter . 
  the uk does n't have those as well and has less violent crime anyway . 
  so by any comparison that you could possibly make , gun control does work for australia and the uk , when compared to the us . 
   perhaps not , but not for the reasons you describe . 
  explain yourself please . 
   that 's my point . 
  thats literally my point . 
  one city on the us map makes a whole state blue despite most of the state often being - relatively - comparable to european levels . 
  you do realise that if there are 4 murders per 100,000 people on a large piece of land , it will have the same colour for the entire piece of land as if it is a small piece of land with 4 murders per 100,000 people on it ? 
  nevada having people more spread out than for instance the west of the netherlands does n't mean that it should be a lighter colour . 
  there are still more murders committed relative to the amount of people living there . 
  that was what i meant with `` murders are committed by people , not by square metres of land '' . 
  by the way , looking at your map , it shows that nevada has more murders per 100,000 inhabitants than 3 out of 4 areas of the netherlands in every county , apart from the three that say ` undefined ' . 
  one is in the same category as the south of the netherlands . 
  so with this new map , it still shows that it 's worse , there 's not really a different conclusion .
