  the later immigrants came for work and were integrated very poorly because they were expected to move back after a few years . 
  uhm ... no ? 
  there are quite some bosnians in germany , the netherlands and other countries . 
  they are very well integrated compared to moroccans and turks , even though they share the same religion . 
  i think that 's his point . 
  i often see football players ( of different teams ) in spain kiss . 
  or is that only the south americans ? 
  they do only shake hands with the referee . 
  what do you hear when approaching flemish people ? 
  i always think i hear french and then suddenly i recognise words and it turns out to be dutch . 
  as a dutch person i would just use the english article . 
  but i 'm more lazy than most i think . 
  i think that those hooligans do n't have to be paid necessarily . 
  a protest is always a great opportunity to use a lot of violence and get away with it . 
  if i were a hooligan , i would pick this moment to ` have fun ' . 
  i personally am not willing to spend 3.3 % of gdp on military like the us does . 
  for the netherlands that would be $ 29 billion ; a $ 20 billion increase which is around $ 1000 per person . 
  by the way , i googled again and the eu in total spends roughly the same on military as china according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union ) . 
  $ 226 billion ( eu ) vs $ 215 billion ( china ) . 
  yeah but i do n't think such an increase is necessary . 
  maybe the netherlands would need to spend a bit more to balance out to an average though . 
  the eu combined already has the second or third highest budget in the world after the us ( and maybe china ) . 
  we spend much more than russia already . 
  so i think that the combination of being politically united and having a unified military would be enough to scare away russia and other potential enemies , even with the same level of spending . 
  soure : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures, 
  maybe as a temporary solution . 
  but i do n't think we should invest in for instance tanks/boats now , before we do eu wide research to find out in what areas we are collectively lacking . 
  cause i can understand we should improve the joint strength of the armies of the eu , but buying tanks because we do n't have them , while a neighbouring country has a lot ( just an example ) does n't seem to be the right way to go about it . 
  i 'm downvoting you because you immediately started insulting me like some kind of neo-nazi . 
  i hope you realise that is not a polite way to start an internet conversation . 
  [ try to google eu army , seems like there is quite some activity around it . 
  ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=eu+army&amp;oq=eu+army&amp;aqs=chrome.0.69i59j0l5.1610j0j4&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8 ) almost all of the aspects of increased funding you mention can be achieved by better eu cooperation as well . 
  the netherlands increasing funds is not going to protect poland if there is no sufficient cooperation between the different militaries . 
  i ca n't see how you do n't understand that a cheaper , smaller , single , better organised eu army is just as efficient as more expensive , bigger , different national armies . 
  that has been my point all the time , but you somehow manage to ignore that . 
  are you ** that ** blind ? 
  what exactly is the threat that requires us to increase funding and in what way will that increase in funding improve the situation ? 
  i 've asked that question multiple times and i have never gotten a sufficient answer . 
  improving military cooperation within the eu both gives a stronger signal and is more effective than simply increase the sizes of individual armies . 
  but do the citizens of the caribean territories pay their fair share in tax to fund the military ? 
  that 's the point you were making about the netherlands in relation to nato . 
  now i 'm making the same point about the caribean territories in relation to the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  good luck to you as well , willing to waste your money for a new arms race that is pointless , because the same goals can be reached by better cooperation as well . 
  ps : you did n't answer this question : `` how is raising the budget going to take away that threat ? '' . 
  as long as you do n't answer that question , you 're not able to convince me . 
  exactly , so u/footzz should be happy to hear this . 
   you are completely blind to the fact that the french and americans , our allies , were able to deliver air support in the situation i talked about , but didnt . 
  are you serious . 
  did you completely miss my fucking point again ? 
  what i 'm trying to say is that if we have one unified eu military , it would be much easier to coordinate air support in such a situation , because the french air support and the dutch military would be under the same command . 
   our caribean territories to use some of your retoric : why do n't those ` caribean territories ' not pay for their own defense instead of relying on the netherlands to defend them ? 
   we live in dangerous times and we should act like that . 
  raising the military budget only by a bit should be adequate what is the threat ? 
  how is raising the budget going to take away that threat ? 
  i think it 's mostly other eu members that should feel threatened , and improving eu military cooperation is going to help those countries more than just increasing our own military spending . 
   our caribean territories to use some of your retoric : why do n't those ` caribean territories ' not pay for their own defense instead of relying on the netherlands to defend them ? 
   we are the worlds 17th largest economy . 
  we have the words 59th largest military budget . 
  this is never an argument to increase spending . 
  that way , you 're getting an arms race every time a country spends a bit more than their position and every economy ends up being crippled . 
  by the way , we have the 65th largest population to protect . 
  we have the 131st land area to protect . 
  so those are all arguments to decrease spending instead of raise it . 
   yout analysis of the world war is funny at best . 
  most our battles were fought in the pacific with outdated arms , outdated ships and few planes . 
  if there werent as many people like you in the 20s and 30s we would have a sizeable fleet , capable of withstanding the japanese together with americans and british fleets there . 
  we nearly did , if only hms de ruyter wasnt handicapped by people like you . 
   `` there was nothing we could do . 
  we never saw it comming . '', 
  i 'm talking about the causes , not the war itself . 
  preventing a war from happening is always better than fighting it . 
  and being neutral and staying neutral throughout the first world war is a reason to not expect to be attacked , do n't you think ? 
  now , we 're in several alliances/unions and we can expect to receive protection in case we 're attacked , and we 're not in the frontline anyway . 
  so do you volunteer to make yearly donations to the military so that you do n't want to feel guilty about those soldiers ? 
  and you obviously did completely skip my point about the eu cooperation . 
  that way we can use air support from other countries to help our soldiers and they do n't die . 
  that way we do n't have to increase spending and we can still have the same results . 
  you should fuck off with your `` coward , betrayal , arrogant , you 're responsible for deaths '' sentiment . 
  i hope you 're better than that . 
  i also hope you have realised after the world wars that the best way to prevent wars is to cooperate instead of increase nationalism and militarism . 
  another great way to prevent deaths is not to participate in wars that are not in our interests , so if you want to make me feel guilty about deaths in the middle east , i was always opposed to participation in those wars . 
  you did n't go into any of my points . 
  that 's all i 'm going to say about your comment . 
  oh wait , i forgot this : you 're a fucking dick to assume i 'm a coward and a betrayer . 
  you know we have representative democracies right ? 
  the people in charge , who represent a part of the people through a party , do n't support the anti-immigration sentiment . 
  other parties do support that sentiment , so those people are definitely not ignored and are represented in parliaments . 
  in most of europe , those parties do n't have a majority however . 
  if people really think stopping immigration is important , they can vote for a party that wants to do something about it in the next elections . 
  there are parliamentary elections this year in czechia , france , germany , hungary , the netherlands , northern ireland and slovenia . 
  so in a large part of the eu , the people can speak up this year and then we can really see if immigration is such a hot topic . 
  hundreds of thousands of people per year migrating is not unprecedented at all . 
  what do you think that happened during other wars ? 
  further in the past , entire peoples moved to other regions . 
  so you can call it big , important , whatever you want , but not unprecedented . 
  i hope we ( the netherlands ) do n't increase military spending . 
  we can surely use the money for something else and if eu militaries improve cooperation we can have the same results in terms of total army strength , i think . 
  and half of rvp 's followers are from turkey too i think . 
  yep , that 's why he was only convicted for inciting discrimination and not for inciting hatred i guess . 
  maybe that 's what wilders should have said instead of `` do we want more or less moroccans '' and `` okay , then we 're gon na arrange that '' .
