  where they lie in the list of oil producers is an irrelevant fact . 
  what matters is how much oil revenues count for government income . 
  it 's generally 50-90 % in these countries . 
   regardless , the low oil price is a politically motivated price war that saudi-arabia can stop rather easily . 
  i actually know this sector very well and you are just showing your ignorance here . 
  the falling oil price is because shale technology in the us has dropped the marginal cost of production down to the $ 50 - $ 70 range . 
  the idea that saudi arabia has started it can be flatly disproved by the fact that saudi arabia has now reduced production , and is running pretty close to capacity at 11-12 million barrels a day . 
  i know a lot of government contacts in the country , and there 's outright panic behind the scenes . 
   what will they do ? 
  only a minority is willing to risk their lives to cross the sea . 
  that wo n't change . 
  as for your lively imagination : there 's no point in discussing this , it 's pure speculation . 
  any only a minority need to come to europe by sea for us to have a million a year . 
  as mentioned , there are some five million syrians living abroad , something going up dramatically , and that excludes all the other middle eastern nations . 
  there 's nothing lively about my imagination here : the german government is projecting 600k for just germany . 
  another 400k for the entire rest of europe is a very conservative extrapolation from that . 
  the speculation is entirely on your side , when you claim these numbers will abruptly reverse with no evidence for any of the causes changing . 
  as for economic migrants from africa , it 's simply untrue that they 're a non-issue . 
  it 's not a mutually exclusive process : you can mainly be leaving for economic reasons yet still be able to find a way to qualify for asylum . 
  ones from nigeria , somalia and eritrea can often pretend they face political persecution . 
  plus , many of the ones that are turned down end up not getting deported . 
   if they 've enter a country seeking to go somewhere else , they 're not illegal immigrants are they ? 
  if they 're doing so illegally , then yes , they are . 
  `` a lot leave on their own '' . 
  do you have a source for that , and an estimation of how many ? 
  did you not read the post above mine ? 
  only 56 % of those rejected get deported . 
  that means 64 % of applicants do not get asylum seekers , but only 36 % of applicants get deported . 
  jokes aside , i probably would start thinking of them as a nordic nation if they changed their flag . 
  russia , europe , america have been utterly unable to prevent syria , libya and iraq lighting on fire . 
  there 's no way we could stop saudi arabia lighting on fire . 
  most of the population in those countries hate the west trying to intervene , and when we do we make things worse . 
  even if emigration rates from some of these countries fall ( and this ignores new countries going up in flames ) , that ignores what will happen to the existing refugee population . 
  most of them , as you say , are outside the eu and in the local region . 
  when they see friends and family being able to stay in europe , earning more money , what do you think they will do ? 
  we could easily have a million coming to europe each year for decades if you include all middle eastern nations . 
  and then of course , there are people fleeing poverty in nigeria , eritrea etc. 
  there certainly is no end to poor people in africa given their population explosion . 
  you mean like the somali civil war , ongoing since 1986 , has come to a peaceful resolution ? 
  that is what the syria civil war is like , that is what the libya civil war is like , that is what the iraqi insurgency is like , that is what the yemeni civil war is like . 
  these are not one government against another , in a way that a settlement is eventually negotiated after a couple of years . 
  they are deeply engrained sectarian , ethnic and tribal conflicts that will last for a generation . 
  and , like i said , they are more likely to spillover to other arab countries now the oil price has dropped , and governments from kuwait to iran to saudi arabia are likely to go bankrupt . 
  you have to be in the top half of earning households to be a net payer into the system [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/georgeosborne/11706143/half-of-households-receive-more-in-benefits-than-they-pay-in-taxes.html ) . 
  most refugees come from countries of low economic development , like syria , afghanistan , pakistan . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-24636868 ) . 
  most immigrants to the uk coming from lower income countries outside the western world have lower wages or higher rates of benefits claimants than the native population . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.migrationwatchuk.org/briefing-paper/1.42 ) this is particularly the case among immigrants from tribal muslim nations , where the women are less likely to work and they have more children than the native population . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/598783/immigration-increasing-british-family-size-official-figures ), 
  because our governments have had a philosophy of multiculturalism , where any non-british culture is considered equal to our own , and this mentality has been used to avoid criticising the ~ 40 % of british muslims that have seriously intolerant views . 
  someone higher up pointed out only about half of failed asylum seekers get deported . 
  so you 'll end up with about 400,000 . 
  heaven forbid you be exposed to opinions you disagree with . 
  none of the top comments are racist , although i know that 's the go to term of abuse some on the left use to try to delegitimise any concerns about immigration . 
  tell me about it . 
  we 're constantly told in the uk that the calais migrants are asylum seekers . 
  sure , they might be using the asylum process to avoid getting deported , but france was a pretty safe country last time i checked . 
  why do you think its a peak event ? 
  you think war in syria , iraq , libya , afghanistan is going to stop any time soon ? 
  heck , the decline in the oil price will probably cause even more civil unrest in the middle east . 
  god help us all when saudi arabia goes tits up . 
  oh give me a break . 
  immigration is n't the only cause of these problems , but clearly having to provide for a large influx of very poor people contributes to additional strain on the system . 
  and of course , many applicants will be successful , so only a minority get deported . 
  sure , but there reaches a point where an unsustainable debt burden is worse . 
  and now the european commission and the ecb are its high priests . 
  no , but you can declare bankruptcy to get out of an unsustainable debt position . 
  that 's $ 15bn less than the greek assets being directly transferred to german control . 
  yes , they would . 
  look at iceland 's recovery . 
  i 'm an optimist . 
  i think we have a good three months before this all explodes again . 
  do you think it will destroy the poll ratings of those parties voting it through ? 
  i worry about golden dawn being the main beneficiaries of this . 
  the problem is n't finland as much as greece . 
  the deal is far more slanted towards the north than the deal rejected a week ago was . 
  it 's a national humiliation from greece , and it will discredit syriza . 
  i hope golden dawn does n't scoop up the votes . 
  well , kicking the can down the road while cutting off one of your legs in the process . 
  $ 50 bn of greek assets are being directly handed to german control . 
  this is a complete subjugation of greek economic sovereignty . 
  you think the ussr would not have taken romania if that agreement ( and subsequent ones at yalta ) had not been signed ? 
  those agreements successfully ended the communist threat in places like france , italy and greece . 
  once western europe secure , we could work towards supporting eastern europe . 
  what did you expect us to do ? 
  launch nuclear war against moscow ? 
  no , we kept on plugging away on a strategy that would actually work : engaging the ussr in an arms race it could not afford , channeling funds to democratic groups and providing access to free media for communist countries . 
   hell if america did n't exist , you would be living in a commie hellhole comerade . 
  nonsense . 
  stalin would be no more able to invade the british isles than hitler was . 
   britain 's contribution to geopolitical developments in the post 1943 world is irrelevant to say the least . 
  yeah , nuclear power , unsc permanent member , sixth largest economy in the world , second largest contributor of development aid , fifth largest military power , biggest eu member pushing for inclusion of eastern europe , major part of successful military operations in sierra leone , bosnia , kosovo , etc etc. 
  completely geopolitically irrelevant . 
  pathetic strawman argument . 
  the democratic resistance movements were funded by the us , and the uk and the us paid huge amounts of money for the arms race that bankrupted moscow . 
  if it was n't for britain and america , you 'd still be a communist hellhole . 
   much of the cultural heritage buildings in serbian culture are in the central/south regions that happens all over the world . 
  mexican cultural heritage is in the usa , for example . 
  no , you could n't , because the ukrainian rebels do not represent their regions , which are majority ethnically ukrainian . 
  you could make a case for crimea , as long as it was done democratically , in a free and fair election , without russian troops on the ground .
