  equally you could say `` what about all the evil tories killing the economy '' ... 
  i love the double standard . 
  if we were doing worse than the rest of the eu it would be `` you 're poor and shitty and need us to grow '' , but as we 're doing better than the rest of the eu it 's `` clearly the eu is good for you ! '', 
  it also would cause the terrible incentive where poor people from all over the world know they can effectively have a working visa in europe despite having no legitimate claim at asylum whatsoever . 
  turn up , work for three months , get kicked out . 
  that would be a huge boost to income for billions of africans and asians , and would massively increase inflows . 
  no , we do n't , because after the lisbon treaty major change can happen via new eu laws passed by qualified majorities . 
   basically they propose an , as of now hypothetical , new agreement that basically keeps all of the good parts but mostly allows for stronger control on migration and government benefits to eu migrants . 
  a trade-only deal without migration or benefits is exactly what south korea has with the eu . 
  that 's very much a real thing , and not a hypothetical . 
  whenever these debates on the eu come up , the two sides of the argument start evenly matched , but when you really get down to the detail , the brexit side seems stronger and stronger . 
  but there are plenty of agreements in the world that are trade without political union . 
  nafta for example . 
  those trade deals hold successfully . 
  it 's an egregious use of statistics to use ` how many of the top five ' as a proxy for how much eu migration is as a share of total migration . 
  eu net migration is 286,000 a year at the moment , out of 336,000 total . 
  85 % of the total . 
  as for saying that an extra million people each four years does n't contribute to overcrowding , that 's ridiculous . 
  there 's been a noticeable increase in train crowding taking the underground over the last decade . 
  they may not buy houses , but they rent apartments in them , which puts extra pressure on the rental stock . 
  i can handle not winning every vote , but the uk loses more eu votes then any other nation in the eu . 
  but it 's potentially getting into more dangerous territory where the eurogroup decides on its own , so we never swing any vote . 
  whatever they decide goes , before we even get a seat at the table . 
  i think we could pretty much join nafta as it is , as a previous head of the us senate trade committee offered it to us . 
  that would be fast tracked and the us has never seen a trade deal it did n't like . 
  we also would n't have to surrender anything in exchange for unnecessary french demands on media , agriculture etc. 
  we do n't have any trade deals outside the purview of the eu as we had to give them up when we joined the eu 's common external tariff . 
  i think what we 'll get out of washington a free trade deal a good 10 years or more ahead of when we will get it in the eu , if we get it at all inside the eu . 
  the uk has been one of the most long-lasting liberal societies and maintained a liberal democratic society when most of the rest of europe was in the grip of autocratic governance . 
  i feel very confident in our ability to maintain free values outside the european courts . 
  and in a way consistent with adequate checks on the judiciary when they make a mistake . 
  i disagreed with iraq too , but if european states are absurd enough to allow opposition to a decision two years previously in a completely different area mean they ca n't allow reform somewhere else , that says it all . 
  and it 's not just blair either - pushes for reforms under cameron , brown and major . 
  the last major reform we got was when thatcher secured the rebate . 
  one success in 40 years is n't good enough . 
  yes , there are some minor additional bureaucracies of an fta over full single market membership , but these are so little , i do n't think the negatives overcome the positives of the ability to sign other trade deals elsewhere . 
  especially when the fta in question allows fast track certification for some products and flips both geographies to common international standards for others . 
  my fault . 
  i meant efta . 
  we voted for the common market in 1974 . 
  there is n't a status quo option . 
  neither option will keep the current situation . 
  the eurozone integration assures that . 
  and we did n't get a referendum on that . 
  nobody is telling me what a is either , seeing like the eurozone will likely change substantially in the next ten years . 
  if a flexible , trade only deal is a better than political union within the eu , then you 're admitting that all the political union stuff has been a regressive step . 
  actually , the eea requires freedom of movement and budget contributions ( albeit lower ones ) . 
  the reason the uk chose to be part of the eu over the eea was because we thought we were voting just for a common market , rather the substantial political integration we 've had since . 
  the eu has a trade surplus with the uk . 
  it thus has more exports to lose than it has imports to replace . 
  it would be economically stupid for the eu to cut off trade with what wold be its biggest trade partner , especially when unemployment is so high . 
  as for your last sentence , the eu surely believes that all the non-trade political integration is a benefit for its member states . 
  so , from its perspective , the uk leaving to just have a trade deal means that it would n't be getting all the benefits . 
   and that means that we are guaranteed the same exact deal does it ? 
  no , it does not . 
  but the existing deals that the eu has from other countries are the best guide to the models available , and that 's a very attractive model . 
  the entire paper is based on analysis of what the uk could get based on what other countries have , so it 's highly hypocritcal for you to accept this as a pro-eu argument but not a eurosceptic one . 
   no the eu 's customs union is used ... 
  which turkey is a part of ... again , did you read the thing ? 
  and the report describes the option for the uk as being joining it `` along the lines of the customs union between turkey and the eu '' . 
  that 's using turkey as an example . 
   you started explaining what the eea was ... and then explained to me that the eea does not contain free movement of people ... 
  it reads like someone who does n't understand the context of the debate ... 
  in the very post you responded to i said `` the european economic area ... requires free movement '' . 
  you even quoted this . 
  i said black and then you 're accusing me of saying white . 
   norway gets a veto because it 's an efta member , eea countries do not get a veto simply because they are eea members . 
  not true . 
  the requirement for unanimity ( and therefore a veto for each member ) is in the eea agreement , not the efta treaties . 
  hence the quote `` the eea agreement contains a veto '' . 
  this is n't difficult . 
   you clearly have n't read the paper because you 're still acting as if it 's an in-out debate . 
  the debate is an in-out debate . 
  those are the two options on the ballot paper . 
  some of the `` in '' side are trying to argue major reform is possible within the eu , because they know they would never win with the status quo on offer , but it 's all happening in the context of a referendum campaign of `` leave '' versus `` remain '' . 
   til saying `` bloody '' is swearing . 
  i 'm not offended by it , but it is swearing . 
  it is certainly denoting irrtation or annoyance , suggesting the person expressing it needs to calm down . 
  i 've done my best to have an honest discussion here , but your inability to read basic meanings in my posts or in the report i linked suggests it 's not worth my effort to continue this debate . 
  have a great day . 
  that 's a false dichotomy . 
  it 's impossible to know exactly what we 'd get outside the eu , just as it 's impossible to know how exactly how the uk 's position would develop inside the eu with further eurozone integration . 
  but that does n't mean we are blindly voting : you make a judgment on likelihoods after debating the pros and cons . 
  leaving the european exchange rate mechanism was also a bit of a jump into the unknown but it worked out very well for us . 
  is the eu 's position really going to be `` we 're willing to provide a better deal for asian countries than european neighbours , because this sort of free trade deal is better than eu membership and we do n't want that option available ? '', 
  it 's pretty much slamming its own existence . 
  you 're asking a big ask - the entire case for leaving the eu in a short reddit comment - but i 'll do my best to get us started . 
  the arguments for leaving are : 1 ) the ability to limit low skilled migration from the eu . 
  currently the uk is experiencing it 's highest ever immigration levels on record . 
  much of this migration goes to the south east of england which is highly crowded and it causes some very high pressures on property prices , transport congestion and public service provision . 
  while it is correct other policies can ease these pressures , excessive immigration means you need major policy pushes just to keep things level . 
  in addition , while immigrants on average contribute to the fiscal exchequer , this likely is n't true of low skilled migrants , who are probably a net drain . 
  2 ) the integration of the eurozone and the sovereignty of eu law poses major ramifications for the uk 's influence in its own governance . 
  now any eu law passed by both the council and the parliament will have legal force in the uk , despite uk opposition . 
  because of the contentiousness of this situation , a super majority system was designed in the eu called qmv , to prevent powerful countries ruling over little ones . 
  however , the eurozone now has a super majority on its own , and further integration means it is increasingly functioning as one bloc vote in decision making . 
  as further integration happens and the eurozone becomes more like a superstate , it can pass laws on its own over the uk . 
  this is not just a hypothetical either : the uk secured an agreement that the efsm funds would not be used for future eurozone bailouts , yet the euro group forced this through in the last greek bailout before it even consulted the non-euro members , knowing that it did not need their votes . 
  3 ) the uk is much more pro-free trade than eu as a whole , and we would substantially benefit from more free trade deals with other nations , particularly those with whom we have strong trade links due to a common language and commonwealth history . 
  we are not allowed to sign these on our own and get held up by needing unanimous agreement from all eu members .
