  one example is france 's insistence that media be exempted from the us-eu trade deal before negotiations even began . 
  4 ) the european court of justice is accumulating a worrying amount of power , and makes some rulings based on very weak legal grounds . 
  in most constitutions in the world , the judiciary checks the executive & legislative , and the government checks the judiciary/executive in some manner . 
  however , this does not happen in the eu case as there is no check on the judiciary , meaning rulings are permament and incorrect ones can not be redressed as part of the democratic system . 
  this has been criticised by several leading judges in the uk . 
  5 ) reform is unlikely to happen inside the eu . 
  tony blair 's efforts to be a power broker in europe did n't get very far , despite giving up the best part of a billion pounds a year when he surrendered part of our rebate . 
  that was supposed to be in exchange for cap reform , which the eu reneged on , because it went against french interests . 
  given the eurozone will increasingly integrate and we 're not and should not be a eurozone member , we are bound to always be treated as a second class citizen without influence . 
  we 're also held back by the fact that france and germany agree a joint position in advance of every eu summit , which secures a position that is nearly impossible to overcome if we disagree . 
   as such , should they want to maintain access to the single-market , the only offers possible would n't alleviate the concerns espoused by the brits . 
  as mentioned elsewhere , the south korea free trade deal allows free trade in goods and services while not causing open migration from the eu or sovereignty of eu law . 
  this case always gets omitted from pro-eu think tanks analyses , for some reason . 
  as for the idea that the uk achieves major strength in the eu when it is ` engaged ' , i would point out that tony blair 's government was highly pro-european . 
  it gave up several hundred million pounds of the british rebate in exchange for reform of the common agricultural policy , but the eu never followed through with the latter . 
  blair did n't achieve any other major reforms in the eu 's favour . 
  there is no need for the uk to join the usa or anyone else . 
  countries like australia and canada survive perfectly well as independent countries , and the uk is much more powerful than them . 
  the idea the fifth largest economy in the world ca n't survive on its own is as ridiculous as it is insulting . 
  eea membership would be much smaller budget contributions ( about a third of the cost the last time i checked ) , the ability to remove non-workers , and a veto in the eea joint committee for new directives . 
  you may not think those are worth the loss of other benefits of the eu , but they 're clearly advantages beyond not having to join the euro . 
   where is this coming from ? 
  i 've linked two papers that both corrobrate the same thing , by two people that were actually involved in the eu . 
  you just seem to be plucking things from thin air . 
  it 's coming from the clear documented example of the south korea free trade agreement . 
  you can also see the mexico free trade agreement for examples of free trade without the other things listed ( though admittedly that contains less open provisions on services ) . 
   `` look at x country , why do n't we replicate their deal '' said every eurosceptic each referring to dramatically different countries . 
  lol . 
  you say i 'm plucking things out the air and then when i provide a clear example of getting access to the single market without the drawbacks , you then say it does n't count . 
  the paper above uses turkey as an example to discuss what the uk could get , even though it 's a protectionist poor nation , but an industrialised democracy like korea ca n't be used , apparently . 
   like it says in the report , it requires free movement of labour . 
  did you read the report ? 
  it does n't look like it . 
  that 's exactly what i just said . 
  i did n't disagree with the report . 
  so why are you accusing me of not reading it ? 
  did you not understand my post ? 
   that 's also what it says , but the budget contributions exist ; that 's the point . 
  so this `` we can save 55 million a day '' ( said by farage repeatedly ) is a fantasy . 
  my post was in response to your `` key point '' summary . 
  i did not say it was incorrect , but that it was `` more complicated than that '' . 
  it was technically correct , but misleading . 
  we 'd pay a fraction of the cost , closer to zero than the current amount . 
  and , for the record , i 've heard pro-eu sources paraphrase farage saying we 'd `` save # 55m a day '' , but i 've never actually seen him say that - only that it currently costs us # 55m a day , which is true . 
  i 'm happy to be corrected if you have a source , however . 
   that 's not true , they have no veto ; it 's done by consensus . 
  plus they do n't even get to vote on anything , it 's just influence and talking ; nothing to do with veto 's or votes . 
  perhaps you 're thinking of the efta states that `` get a veto '' in theory but have never actually used it ? 
  ( because it would mean serious repercussions ) [ `` the eea agreement contains a veto , a last resort for blocking eu rules from applying to the non-eu countries in the eea '' ] ( http://civitas.org.uk/content/files/thenorwegianway.pdf ) so you 're just completely wrong there . 
   says the guy that apparently did n't even read the bloody thing . 
  except i did read the thing , whereas you 're incapable of comprehending what you read in my very post . 
   you 're delusional mate , the guy makes clear arguments for why the eu needs to change ; not why the uk should stay . 
  andrew duff is famously one of the most ardent supporters of uk integration into the eu . 
  i 've read the papers and know what i 'm talking about - unlike you , considering you did n't know the eea members have a veto in the joint committee . 
   why do n't you calm down a bit and actually read the papers before spewing this delusional drivel ? 
  you 're the one swearing and insulting the way through your post . 
  so i suggest you check the old adage about greenhouses and stones . 
  especially when south korea has exactly the sort of deal the uk would want : no free movement , no budget contributions , no supremacy of eu laws , free trade for goods , free trade for services . 
  as i mentioned to the above post , it 's not true . 
  south korea has a bilateral trade deal with the eu , does not make contributions to the eu budget , does not have free movement of labour , and does not have to implement new eu laws . 
  and it 's not like the voting rights count for much anyway - can you find a single example over the last ten years where the decision would have gone the other way if the uk had voted differently ? 
  the fact is that this is just not true . 
  south korea has access to the single market for both goods and services , does not have free movement of labour , does not have supremacy of eu law and does not have free movement of labour . 
  yet the south korea case is never even looked at by pro-eu think tanks . 
  i wonder why ? 
  even the european economic area case is n't that clear-cut . 
  it requires free movement ( but not for non-workers ) , but the budget contributions are much smaller , and any new eu law has to pass the eea joint committee , where every member has a veto . 
  that 's what you get for taking a pro-eu think tank report verbatim . 
  and it 's even more ridiculous relying on the arch-europhile andrew `` if we can defeat the english '' duff . 
  and john major , who negotiated the original opt out . 
  i would say eight years with unemployment at sky high levels is a terrible story . 
  nine percent unemployment is not a positive story . 
  sure , but you would n't need anywhere near as much fiscal stimulus if each country could benefit from devaluations and independent monetary policy . 
  that 's how the uk never got so bad , despite a worse bank crisis than anyone in the eu bar ireland . 
  the single currency was a monumental mistake . 
  the fact that ireland is celebrating unemployment of just under 9 % , eight years after the crisis , is a fucking joke . 
  the fact the eurozone is even higher is just a terrible condemnation of the whole single currency . 
  why the fuck do it five times larger ? 
  i feel it would be much better if it was as close to the original as they can get with existing knowledge ... 
  yet still no reparations for the viking invasions ? 
  bastards . 
  how dare the guy win power by pledging a referendum that his party and the vast majority of the public supported ? 
  what is he , some sort of democrat ? 
  it ca n't be amended , it 's enshrined by treaty , with case law built up upon that . 
  there is no political check on the european judiciary . 
  the only way judgments can be changed is for the court itself to reverse a decision . 
  i was just showing you the right exists . 
  it 's hard to find a description of a case because it has been accepted for so long , however this one shows that it was confirmed to apply to under-21s : http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2011/oct/12/visa-ban-spouses-human-rights, 
   historically were we not a collection of countries with freedom of movement ? 
  that was during a time period when migration was beyond the affordability of most of its members . 
  when that changed in the 1950s , we moved to tighten those restrictions pretty quickly . 
  because the european court of human rights guarantees the right to a family , meaning a british pakistani can bring over any arranged bride he wants . 
  in places like china , it has very much seemed like when there is a cultural shift towards only having one child , that does n't change when restrictions are removed . 
  the average family size does n't need to keep shrinking . 
  if it stabilises at a fertility rate of below 2.1 , the population will continue to shrink , which in turn will mean the dependency ratio will continue to worsen . 
  andorra 's is just shit though . 
  but the scales wo n't balance again if fertility rates continue to drift down . 
  that 's the point . 
  the population will increasingly get older on average , meaning a smaller ratio of able-bodied workers to retirees . 
  those are terrible employment rates .
