as to the ftas , again i do n't believe anyone would be against the uk signing one with the eu , should it leave . 
  whether you prefer this is simply up to you . 
  fair enough . 
  plenty of people on this sub often say the opposite . 
   this was also in response to french demands for removing the rebate completely . 
  it 's funny how when the french make a demand for a change that 's accepted as a valid point on the negotiating scale , but when the uk has one , it 's like `` you have to get in line '' . 
   now cap was indeed reformed ( again ) at the end of the period . 
  it 's funny how the reforms do n't ever end up with less money actually being spent . 
  this whole point of the thing is a subsidy to farming communities , so they switch it back and forth between different mechanisms , but they never actually get rid of it . 
   anyhow if that seeems unlikely to succeed to you - good this is kinda my point ; changes to movement of workers are significantly less likely . 
  cap at least knows exceptions - eea nor switzerland include cap , nor fisheries , yet even there free movement of workers is mandatory . 
  ceta does n't though . 
  we 'd get the lion 's share of trade with none of this cap or free movement nonsense . 
  plus we could sign ftas elsewhere . 
  i 've never called them subhumans , nor was i racist about them . 
  you made that up in your tiny little retarded brain . 
  thicko . 
   uf that 'd require some fairly detailed reading of the treaty , but its quite obvious - aquius is fairly huge , most of it harmonizing market regulations . 
  treaty much less so . 
  its simply a matter of the level of integration of the market achievable . 
  especially in non-tariff barriers to trade . 
  i accept that there 's more integration with the eea than ceta , but i 've yet to see any evidence it 's a major difference . 
  despite the fact this claim is made again and again by eu advocates , they ca n't post to anything saying the specific differences . 
  if it 's true , some pro-eu think tank must have a summary somewhere . 
   furthermore , all the problems people tend to have with mass-immigration , wether that be the fear of having large populations within the uk who segregate themselves from the majority and do n't care much for british culture or law , or the idea that immigrants are an economic burden on uk taxpayers are both more prevalent among extra-eu immigrants than those from within the union . 
  those are n't all the problems . 
  there are also issues with high house prices , difficulty getting a gp appointment , a lack of school places , an overburdened infrastructure . 
  i completely support reducing non-eu immigration , but i also think we should lobby for limiting eu immigration at the same time . 
  what does norway get in terms of access to the single market that canada wo n't ? 
  genuine question . 
  why do n't you fuck off . 
  it was an entirely accurate statement . 
  i 'm sorry that this sub gets so offended that i drew attention to an inconvenient truth . 
  this is really a silly point . 
  i guess you 've never heard of statistics ? 
  is your view really that opinion polls with large sample sizes do not reflect public opinion . 
  people 's view of whether there is too much immigration is n't based on a hard number . 
  it 's based on their experiences of immigration in their day to day lives . 
   tighten labor regulations and raise minimum wages ? 
  because doing that would reduce employment for the british ? 
  i think it would be entirely reasonable for germany to control its own borders . 
  they do regularly get kicked out - often with the uk taxpayer picking up the check for their flight back to romania . 
  guess what happens ? 
  they come back the next week . 
  the uk can just then withhold the money they hand over . 
  or maybe they can do both ? 
  lol . 
  the uk fighting over the cap might achieve something ? 
  blair gave away half our rebate on a promise that something would be done about cap , and nothing happened , costing the uk billions for an empty promise . 
  the reality is that if something 's a sacred cow to france and germany , nothing will be done about it . 
  everyone else is a second class member . 
  i 'm sure . 
  it would be perfectly reasonable for turkey to take action against such tourists if that is the democratic will of the turkish people . 
  why do you need to `` start '' with one and not the other ? 
  why can we not reduce immigration from both the eu and non-eu countries at once ? 
  mexico and south korea have `` access '' to the single market , without immigration requirements , and canada will be added to that list soon . 
  that seems to be the best arrangement between the uk and the eu that will benefit both sides . 
  i see i 've been downvoted throughout this thread just for not being pro-eu . 
  are people on here really so opposed to debate they do n't want to even hear the other side ? 
  i think it 's pretty clear that if that happens , the uk will leave . 
  this same poll said people would vote to leave 49 % -33 % if we ca n't limit immigration , so it 's likely to happen either way . 
  go hang out in marble arch and see the eastern european beggars there . 
  they openly defecate in the streets - it 's disgusting . 
  that said , i think most people do accept most european migrants work hard and integrate ( to an extent ) . 
  their problem is n't with individuals , it 's with the overall scale . 
  according to this poll , 41 % to remain in , 40 % to leave . 
  it also says that if other eu countries refuse to change free movement of labour , 33 % to remain in , 49 % to leave . 
  given how little influence the uk has in the eu , i do n't think removing voting rights would make much difference . 
  the problem is most acute in london , but will soon be replicated elsewhere . 
  we 're projected to hit 70 million soon enough . 
  it 's unsustainable . 
  we should just have a cap and points system : we let in , say , the 150,000 who score the most points each year and no more . 
  how exactly do you fine a net contributor ? 
  this sounds like a reasonable compromise . 
  and lose out on all the consumption from the pensions paid by the british government ? 
  more than a thousand people is far past the sample size needed for an accurate poll . 
  individual immigrants are n't to blame . 
  the overall scale is . 
  in my experience , people from the rest of the english-speaking world like us far more than the europeans do . 
  it 's amazing so many people on here say how overcrowded london is , but also react in horror at the idea of limiting immigration . 
  i suspect serbia is actually muslims that used to live there that were getting ethnically cleansed . 
  yes , it 's clearly everyone else 's fault . 
  yeah , and most of these are second and third generation too . 
  half the world seems to want to migrate to the uk , yet our government is too useless to restrict it to those with skills that will integrate and identify with britain . 
  what worries me is all the syrian and iraqi asylum seekers right now . 
  you can guarantee a big chunk of these families will produce the next generation of jihadists . 
  yet some countries like sweden seem to be oblivious to the problems their policies will have for the whole eu . 
  give me a break . 
  if ukip had got into bed with a neo-fascist party like the national front , you lot on here would be the first people to say how it 's evidence of how evil they are . 
  i would n't go bringing up inconvenient points like that on here . 
  voicing any agreement with euroscepticism just gets you downvotes . 
  with the internet and improved travel , culture and language are far bigger barriers now than geography . 
  there are plenty of decent , law-abiding muslims in europe , but i ca n't help but wonder sometimes if we 'd have been better off overall had we never had any muslim immigration here . 
  i completely agree . 
  i think this sub has a very strong sense of `` european pride '' relative to the rest of the population . 
  on some threads , people seem to be open to other perspectives , on others , dissenting views will get downvoted to hell . 
  with regards the us , i think there is sometimes in europe a slight sense of resentment of their economic and cultural standing in the world . 
  i think europeans can sometimes react to this by thinking of themselves as culturally superior . 
  i see this more on this sub than i do in real life . 
  personally , as a brit , i feel far closer to other countries in the anglosphere than i do to the rest of europe : especially australia , new zealand and canada , but also the usa to a lesser extent .
