  in the uk , whites are at 70-80 % employment and less employed groups like pakistanis/bangladeshis are still around 50 % . 
  the former . 
  he 's trying to boost the remain side . 
  he wo n't call the referendum until the negotiation has been completed , so it should n't affect that . 
  realistically , the eu is n't going to give cameron anything . 
  his list of four demands is actually two demands . 
  ( recognising there are other currencies in the eu and the uk getting a symbolic opt-out wo n't have any practical effect at all . ), 
  it looks like he is going to back down on one ( the benefits ban for new eu migrants ) and there will be not much achieved on the other ( a greater role for national parliaments ) . 
  it will be unhelpful to him if someone important points this out . 
  the view from downing street is that their leaders will face criticism for giving way to the uk , so they will start making arguments that they have n't given much , which is obviously unhelpful to the remain campaign . 
  no , you have your facts wrong . 
  cameron said the opposite : that it will definitely happen before the end of 2017 . 
  that 's the manifesto commitment . 
  and apparently he wants to do it before 2017 so it does n't clash with german and french elections . 
  right now people are expecting the referendum to happen in summer 2016 , which is six months away . 
  my view is that it all depends on whether the non-eurozone countries get protection from the eurozone . 
  as things stand , the eurozone has a super majority in all parts of the eu , so can push things through regardless of what the rest of us think . 
  this has already started to happen , such as when they used the eu-wide efsm money to bailout greece , despite the previous agreement with the uk that they would n't do that . 
  i do n't think any major country would accept being in a position where another bloc could pass new laws over them without requiring to get it by anyone else . 
  i do n't see why it 's more relevant to hear about the latest transgression of putin or the latest fence going up in the migrant crisis , which is the rest of this sub . 
  / r/ukpolitics, 
  go and read the breitbaart article about how this sub tried to shutdown coverage of the migrant crisis . 
  i ca n't link it as its banned . 
  over the last few months i 've posted this several times on / r/unitedkingdom and it 's been deleted every time . 
  even when it was nothing more than the links . 
  some facts certain people do n't want you to know . 
  thanks for the hat tip , though . 
  inability to sign our own trade deals , expensive food costs from cap price floors , billion pound costs to the exchequer in sudden backdated bills , the high scale of immigration , having to donate to bailouts for a currency union we opposed . 
  i 'm sure there are others . 
  it depends how you define eurosceptic . 
  most tory mps support eu membership , but the public is more eurosceptic than they are ( especially on immigration ) and ukip have risen a lot in the polls over the last five years as a result . 
  ukip currently get screwed by fptp , but if they got close to 20 % a lot of seats would start tipping . 
  except the threat mentioned by the mi5 boss was explicitly talking about it coming from isis . 
  i did n't realise many dissidents in northern ireland were signing up for the islamic state ... 
  it is worth controlling immigration over though . 
  the current home-grown terrorist threat is overwhelmingly down to two periods of mass immigration , in the 1950s and 2000s . 
  there are plenty of lobby groups campaigning for left-wing policies that get a decent hearing . 
  i do n't understand why a group gets disqualified from having a voice because they advocate for a right-wing policy . 
  and for what it 's worth they just advocate for bringing immigration down to the historical average prior to 1997 . 
  that 's not right-wing , given that it 's supported by the vast majority of the british public . 
  whatever requirements would have made you eligible for a scottish passport had scotland got independence , i guess . 
  if you want to play a part in the democratic governance of our nation , you are welcome to apply for citizenship and formally become part of it . 
  or do you want to get a vote but remain primarily loyal to a foreign country ? 
  you also need to remember that some of the routes to germany can take more than a year to complete , especially if you 're delayed or have to stop to earn more money on the way . 
  if you 're from myanmar or zimbabwe , and set off just after merkel 's open doors announcment , you wo n't be here until next year . 
  the first thing that comes to mind is a geographic peninsular on the end of eurasia , which we happen to be situated just off . 
  if i think more deeply , i think of it historically as a place of warring states we sometimes got involved with , and currently as an economically and demographically declining place . 
  i know this wo n't be popular on here , but it is my honest view and that 's what you seemed to be asking for . 
  i think many of us in the rest of the uk are a bit tired of being held to ransom by scotland to be honest . 
  we need to vote for what 's right for us , and if scotland wants to leave on that basis , so be it . 
  france and germany already dominate the union . 
  they have a summit where they agree a joint position before every eu wide summit . 
  the rest of the bloc just rubber stamps it . 
  plenty of countries around the world have caught up of their own accord : see taiwan , singapore etc. 
  the uk needs to make the right decision for the uk . 
  the eu 's handling of the migrant crisis and management of currencies is demonstrating the bloc is quite capable of burning its house down of its own accord . 
  and they would have avoided both of these crises had they listened to the uk advice from the start . 
  but , no , everything is the uk 's fault ... and then you 're surprised when the uk leaves . 
  yes . 
  if cameron does n't manage to limit immigration in some way , the remain campaign is finished before it even really gets started . 
  yes , it was completely the uk 's fault for the second world war !, 
  the nazis would have obviously been a lot easier to stop had britain never been involved . 
  the eu 's fundamental problem is this stupid `` moving forward '' rhetoric , where `` moving forward '' is always taken to mean `` centralising power at the eu level '' rather than `` improving well-being for the peoples of europe and addressing their concerns '' . 
  and yet the eu has been completely obstinate in terms of addressing any of the british concerns . 
  whenever we say something is n't working for this , can we modify it , we get called a `` bad european '' and castigated across the continent . 
  if the eu wanted the uk to stay in the eu they should have acted like it a few years ago . 
  turkey was the one country in the muslim world that had an incredibly heavy forced westernisation and secularisation process by the government . 
  and even then , you still have problems integrating them : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/at-home-in-a-foreign-country-german-turks-struggle-to-find-their-identity-a-795299-2.html but guess what ? 
  you 're not going to have the same luck with people coming from hotbeds of extremism in afghanistan , libya , somalia , iraq , syria and northern nigeria . 
  i 'm not sure german ladies have the image in the uk you seem to imagine ... 
  i do n't think thats the only reason . 
  you do get muslim indians thay do n't integrate . 
  and indian hindus do have a tendency to segregate residentially and do n't intermarry so much , so less integrated than european and east asian migrants . 
  or `` sparky '', 
  no , they just accept that a lot of romanian integration is roma . 
  quoting monty python is pretty great integration to be honest ... 
  we negotiate a budget , including our contributions each budget round . 
  if the eu spends more than it gets in , that 's not our fault . 
  how ridiculous . 
  if the eu has failed to account properly and has an unfunded liability , that 's the fault of the eu . 
  not the uk . 
  we 've been calling for lower pensions for years , so i do n't see why we should have to fork out for brussels ' largesse . 
  nonsense . 
  you can support their right to assembly while being appalled by how they 're using it . 
  i support neo-nazis right to free speech but i 'm still disgusted by what they say . 
  that 's a bullshit excuse , as huge numbers of muslims in places like france and the uk grew up in western liberal societies and still have abhorrent views . 
  many of them have adopted even worse views than their parents . 
  what 's the solution ? 
  well , for a start , we can stop making it worse by letting more and more of them to turn up every year . 
  fuck off , cunt . 
  an islamic priest ? 
  a priest is a christian position . 
  i do n't think most people in the world think of those over the royal air force . 
  have a look at some polls of what muslims think about adultery , or homosexuality , or apostasy . 
  the vast majority have extreme views . 
  as for changing like christianity , that 's just complete blind hope over experience . 
  there is zero evidence of islam getting more moderate . 
  the evidence we have actually suggests muslims are getting more fundamentalist with each extra generation , and i include western muslims in that . 
  the raf was responsible for keeping the uk in the war , and thus continuing the fight against the nazis that otherwise would have been lost . 
  britain and the rest of europe should all think of them with admiration .
