  other countries signed these treaties not expecting germany to come out with an annoucement as stupid as merkel made . 
  even your own government has realised they 've fucked up , hence the u-turn , so you can stop criticising other nations for being right all along . 
  the uk has taken in thousands directly from the camps , thus not making the crisis worse through bad incentives . 
  and is the biggest european contributor by far to the ( still underfunded because others are n't stepping up ) un fund to better support the desperate people still in the camps . 
  and has provided most of the naval presence to rescue people in the med . 
  so you can take your `` little island '' snobbery and fuck off . 
  i thought there were a fair few that wanted to go from germany to sweden because then they can get an eu passport in just four years . 
  except germany sent out a signal to the whole middle east and africa that everyone was welcome , causing a massive increase in med crossings . 
  and then closed the doors before many of them got to germany , leaving them to be stuck in italy , hungary , austria and greece . 
  it 's making germany 's response to the euro crisis look competent . 
  you 're absolutely correct . 
  if the spanish government thinks the british retirees are not in the nation 's national interest , they should limit them . 
  personally , i would think all those british pensions being spent in a depressed economy would be beneficial , but it is up to spain to decide . 
  you 're effectively just going `` la la la i ca n't hear you '' with fingers in your ears now , just repeating your original points without any evidence or reasoning . 
  actually you 're the economically illiterate that has no idea of the magnitude of economic effects . 
  let 's say 30 % of the population is native unskilled workers , and 5 % is foreign unskilled workers . 
  so ~ 15 % of the unskilled labour is foreign . 
  let 's say you have a particularly strong inelasticity of -1 ( which is aggressive ) , low wage worker costs would go up 10 % . 
  we 've had minimum wage hikes of that amount all over the world and it has n't seen growth curbed , let alone negative growth or financial crises . 
  and i 'm not even advocating kicking out existing immigrants . 
  just not letting more in , so the effect would be a lot smaller . 
  oh , and i work professionally as an economist . 
  so you can get off your idiotic high horse already . 
  firms go bankrupt all the time as economies mature from low wage work to higher wage work . 
  labour costs are damn high in norway , and i 'm sure plenty of companies have been priced out of operating there . 
  but norwegians are just doing fine . 
  it 's called economic development . 
  i did n't completely forget labour supply . 
  you 're the one doing sub first semester economics given that you are falling for the lump of labour fallacy . 
  there is n't a set amount of jobs in the economy , the number will rise and fall as necessary for supply and demand to meet . 
  get out of here with your nonsense arguments from authority : all major parties believe something so it must be true . 
  all major parties supported the idiotic idea that was the euro . 
  it 's not common sense . 
  decriminalisation is a horrible half-way house where the thing can become expanded yet still operated by criminals . 
  you want legalisation so its not in the shadows . 
  in a working market , the price moves until supply and demand . 
  if these jobs do not have enough people to fill them , the wage price can rise until more people want to do them . 
  what do you mean control the price of oil ? 
  you seem to be getting really confused . 
  we are talking about a situation where the oil price stays below $ 70 . 
  that is completely non-problematic for the west . 
  even if it went up to $ 80 and $ 90 ( which would see the canadian tar sands come back online , which has huge amounts of supply ) , it 's non-problematic . 
  in terms of refugees , the vast majority are low skilled . 
  the cultural gap is plenty hard to bridge . 
  right now in the uk we have rampant electoral fraud in muslim dominated areas , to the extent that local authorities needed to be taken over by central government . 
  there have been dozens of cases of large muslim gangs running grooming rings to rape and blackmail teenagers : in one borough where this was fully investigated , there were 1400 rape victims . 
  there is homegrown terrorism , which , outside of northern ireland , has entirely come from people of muslim heritage . 
  we have muslim-run schools teaching pupils not to mix with outsiders , or anti-semitism . 
  99 % of muslims think homosexuality is morally wrong . 
  around 70 % want to limit freedom of speech on mocking religion . 
  around 30 % -40 % support a string of intolerant beliefs about gays and women . 
  your point about muslims born and bred here goes against your case !, 
  they already do commit attacks here : increasing the population will just cause more of them , from both the first generation and subsequent ones . 
  as for eu passports , the first asylum seekers will get them within a decade . 
  i would like to see some political thinking more than a few years in the future . 
  as for what i 'm getting at , the point is that the current strategy is completely unsustainable . 
  we thus need to break the link between turning up in europe and being able to stay . 
  that will reduce the migrant flows and stop so many people dying at sea . 
  have a good night . 
  it works perfectly . 
  let me explain it again if you are not following . 
  the second category of low skill jobs are ones which are supply price inelastic . 
  the demand for the job stays fairly constant regardless of wage levels . 
  in these jobs , if we stopped accepting low wage immigrants , there would be reduced supply of low skilled workers in the economy more broadly . 
  that means , in this second category of jobs , the wage level would go up a lot to get sufficient native workers to do it . 
  that means everyone working in low wage jobs would get a pay raise . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  so what does the world not sitting idly by look like ? 
  invading the country to prop up the government and maintain the peace ? 
  fuck , we could n't do that in iraq after remaining there for years , and that was a much more westernised secular country than saudi arabia is . 
  saudi arabia would be like another nam , and western publics have no mood for lengthy occupations in the middle east any more . 
  i do n't really understand your second paragraph . 
  i 'm not talking about anyone keeping the price up , i 'm talking about the price staying below about $ 70 . 
  there are vast numbers of shale fields that are offline right now and would come right online to take up demand if the price rose again . 
  a million low skilled , culturally alien migrants a year would definitely be non-manageable . 
  especially when they come from radicalised muslim nations and a substantial minority will have extreme views . 
  they will also not be spread throughout 500 million europeans , but will go to a handful of cities as soon as they get eu passports . 
  somalia has somaliland which is very safe , and eastern ethiopia is ethnically eritrean , where eritreans could easily live . 
  they move beyond the first safe country because they do n't want just safety , they want higher economic status . 
  if they are moving beyond the first safe country to claim asylum , they are no longer asylum seekers , they are economic migrants and should be assessed as such . 
  and no , we do n't need unskilled immigrants for our economies . 
  just because we currently use a lot of them does n't mean we need to . 
  the low skill jobs that only exist due to the presence of low wages we wo n't miss if wages go up higher . 
  the low skill jobs that will exist at whatever wage levels can see their wages climb until natives are willing to do them , and that will improve the pay of the low skilled . 
  if we 're the first safe country they get to , sure . 
  what a deal means for the french `` we wo n't enforce basic policing against migrants openly breaking into british trucks in broad daylight '' . 
  that was native americans , not middle easterners ... 
  the un also thinks syria should have a position on the human rights council . 
  they represent the political alliances of their members , and most un members are developing countries , so they have a vested interest here . 
  we 're not talking about all immigrants . 
  we 're talking about asylum seekers . 
  those are not synonymous groups . 
  as my third source showed , there is a vast difference among different immigrant groups . 
  immigrants from western europe and the usa tend to be large net contributors . 
  immigrants from pakistan are large losses . 
  relative to where it was a decade before , but not relative to where it was before 1986 . 
   these countries are not as big oil producers as they might appear . 
  in 2011 , before the crises got hot , iraq was on 12th place world-wide with just under 3 % of world-wide production and the other two did n't even show in the top 20 . 
  still , most of iraq 's oil fields are and remain in government hand . 
  that can not be said for saudi-arabia ( especially not them ) .
