  i 'm not meaning this in an offensive way , i 'm really not , but do you really think the current bosnian state is sustainable ? 
   edit : of course , we should let the austrians decide what to do with the balkans , it turned out great before . 
  so anyone whose government once upon a time did something wrong should be banned from having a view on such a topic ? 
  a united republic of albania and kosovo must be the most mediocre state that could be called `` great '' in history ... 
  the clear reason for kosovan independence was because preventing genocide trumps territorial integrity . 
  the ukrainians were n't trying to ethnically cleanse the russians , which the serbs were doing to the albanians , so it 's not comparable at all . 
   of course they are going to unite , it is two neighbor countries of same etnicity , language etc you mean like how canada and the usa are united ? 
  or germany and switzerland ? 
  or australia and new zealand ? 
  this is in the wealthy south of england . 
  you really think they 're going to do industrial development by all those lovely rich people 's homes ? 
  what about the inhuman treatment to the kids he killed ? 
  fuck him . 
  leave him and all the terrorists in solitary confinement on a diet of bread and water . 
  it 's amazing . 
  sweden and germany have spent centuries developing successful egalitarian societies , and now they 've created unequal fractious societies with an entrenched underclass in a couple of years . 
  a statute of limitation is a terrible law . 
  the uk is being forced to follow european civil law principles . 
  when did we ever sign power over this sort of thing to brussels ? 
  they 're not evil , but criminal acts are conscious choices . 
  i think people 's criminal backgrounds should absolutely be publicly available , and i think most of the uk public would agree . 
  accessing publicly available information is not the same as surveillance . 
  fuck them . 
  they should never have changed the recipe . 
  so in other words its an unsubstantiated claim . 
  i do n't think its true . 
  i think there is early documentation of balts but not slavs . 
  their narrative is mostly directed at the eu institutions and uk policy makers , not eastern europe . 
  one of the criticisms ukip makes is that the poorer regions of england receive less money because much of london 's tax revenue gets sent to the rest of europe . 
  it 's just west inner london though , not london . 
  plenty of asian hqs are in singapore . 
   some of the most deprived parts in the uk are a stone 's throw away in the inner-eastern parts and outer suburbs that 's rapidly changing though . 
  the population is growing so much quicker than the housing stock that property prices and rents are going through the roof , even in crappy areas . 
  also , housing benefit has been capped , so many lower income people are having to move out too . 
  i find it stunning that places like hackney and deptford , which were always known as being absolute dumps , are now the new expensive , trendy places . 
  there 's absolute no evidence at all that extra british exports to poland will be anything like the aid britain has given poland . 
  if you 're really judging it in terms of transfers from richer eu states , then that 's an argument for leaving from the uk 's perspective . 
  that aid money could be spent in impoverished places in the uk , like cornwall , welsh valleys , tees valley etc , which are poorer than poland and lithuania . 
  correlation does n't equal causation . 
  poland has boomed because it converted to a democratic system , embraced capitalism , and went on an anti-corruption drive . 
  on part 3 . the opt-out to the eu 's charter of fundamental rights has basically been invalidated by the european courts . 
   before the ink had dried on protocol 30 , concerns were voiced about its precise meaning and effect . 
  tony blair assured the commons that there was nothing to worry about : ` it is absolutely clear that we have an opt-out from both the charter and judicial and home affairs . ' david miliband , then foreign secretary , also assured us that the charter would not ` extend the reach of european courts into british law ' . 
  four years later , the coalition government was giving similar assurances : in march 2011 ken clarke , then justice secretary , said that the charter was of more presentational importance and did ` not actually change anything ' . 
   in english courts , however , another picture has been emerging . 
  take the case of ` ns ' , an afghan asylum seeker who arrived in the uk seven years ago . 
  given that he had come via greece , where he had been arrested , the uk sought to return him there under the dublin convention . 
  but he argued that the treatment of asylum seekers in greece amounted to ` degrading ' treatment , contrary to article 3 of the european convention of human rights . 
  he also sought to invoke the charter of fundamental rights -- which , according to messrs blair , miliband and clarke , should have been legally impossible . 
   this was referred to the court of justice in luxembourg which ruled ( in effect , and after some domestic backsliding ) that the british opt-out had no legal force and the charter of fundamental rights applied in the uk in precisely the same way as in any other member state . 
  so a bad deal is getting worse . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  exactly . 
  and as long as there are protections for non-eurozone members so that the eurozone ca n't bloc vote through new laws on its own , that 's fine . 
  what 's that ? 
  cameron has achieved nothing in his deal on protections for non-eurozone countries , and even pledged not to interfere to get them when eurozone signs next treaty ? 
  what about iraqis , nigerians , afghans and pakistanis , who also make up a big chunk of the migrants ? 
  right but initial migration was n't due to family links . 
  it 's just that family links cause the shift to happen . 
  if syrians find german culture more uniform and less accommodating to muslim culture than the uk , some will start migrating to uk . 
  then others will follow due to family links . 
  anyway , i agree with you that 33 % to 50 % is far too high for the syrian population . 
  but 10 % to 15 % could certainly happen , and that will be hundreds of thousands . 
  and , of course , half the people that are coming to germany are n't even syrian , there are also lots of iraqis , nigerians , afghans and pakistanis . 
  they certainly have a lot of links to the uk . 
  even if only half of them end up getting eu passports , that will likely be about above a million seeing that [ three million ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/eu-expecting-another-3-million-refugees-migrants-before-end-of-2016-a6722096.html ) are projected to get here by the end of 2016 . 
  if they come to the uk at anything near the rate of dutch somalies , of whom [ a third to a half ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/jan/28/british-dream-europe-african-citizens ) came to the uk , we 'll face hundreds of thousands of extra middle eastern migrants here due to merkel 's choices . 
  i 'd rather police our own borders , thanks very much . 
  most places in my line of work allow you to buy extra weeks of holiday pretty cheaply . 
  and you get gorgeous weather for six months a year . 
  i 'd live in the usa . 
  it has a noticeably higher standard of living for people in similar jobs to mine . 
  `` comment is free '' . 
  what bullshit . 
  the guardian would n't know free speech if it bit them on the arse . 
  for those who are assuming migration watch exaggerate in their estimations , their past experience has shown them to be either accurate or too conservative . 
  for example , when migrationwatch estimated [ 50,000 ] ( http://www.migrationwatchuk.org/briefing-paper/287 ) a year migrants from romania and bulgaria , people called the estimate scaremongering . 
  the latest national insurance numbers data shows more than [ 150,000 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11825412/foreign-worker-numbers-soar-as-romanians-registering-in-britain-triple-in-just-one-year.html ) came here in the last year . 
  firstly , we ca n't quit europe . 
  it 's a physical continent and something very different from the organisation called the eu . 
  secondly , the eu has nothing to do with the gates in calais . 
  the uk border in calais is governed by a bilateral franco-british deal signed when the channel tunnel was opened . 
  i thought anyone not in the eu had to have visas to come to the eu anyway . 
  after all , that 's what the remain campaign keeps claiming will happen to the uk after we leave the eu ... 
  this sort of response shows the intellectual bankruptcy of the pro-migration side of the argument . 
  ca n't answer a difficult question ? 
  just smear the other side . 
  we do n't believe in the trinity and think it 's effectively polytheism . 
  we think jesus was a man , not a god . 
  i 'm a unitarian , so neither  edit : am i being downvoted just for being a unitarian ? 
  i wo n't truly be persuaded that this is a great pope until he allows secular police forces to inspect the church 's records on child abuse . 
  they 're not unrelated though . 
  at some point a very large number of those middle eastern immigrants will get eu passports , and a big chunk of them will come to the uk : many of them already speak great english , and previous refugee experiences , like the dutch somalis , suggest african and asian people feel they fit in more easily in the uk . 
  i know you 're on the opposite of the debate to me , but this is exactly right . 
  so you 're arguing that europe should have to provide these migrants jobs not to cover costs of living here , but so they can fund their trips over ? 
  that 's an even more ridiculous idea . 
  except you 're provided a stipend and housing by the german government to cover basic necessities while you 're waiting . 
  the double standard is made even more clearly in that comment . 
  growing outside the eu still means you could be doing better inside . 
  growing inside the eu means that the eu is not doing anything bad for you .
