  i admire the usa a lot for how it sticks to its principles like free speech for unpopular views , although i am uncomfortable about how they apply it to money in politics . 
  part of european integration - we must make everything the same . 
  after all , that 's what the uk is told when we have to convert to metric , replace our common law system with eu civil laws etc. . . 
  are you suggesting the irish do n't have their own culture ? 
  i singled out classical times because that 's when christianity emerged . 
  thanks for the information . 
  i 'm sure it would be more successful . 
  if you share a same language , you can have a national political conversation far more easily . 
  language is also the facility for most culture , so it causes peoples to grow together . 
  personally , i view the different languages and cultures of europe the reason why the eu will never work as a functional superstate . 
  when did free speech exist as a concept in classical times ? 
  look at the differential population growth rates . 
  does this mean you can kick the uk out ? 
  on the one hand i 'd like to stop the ever centralisation of the european union - i would prefer a trading community , not a political union - but on the other i do n't the uk can handle another massive wave of immigrants . 
  especially not from a country where large swathes of it are more middle eastern than european in culture . 
  just look at the video from yesterday of the pro-isis turkish immigrants in germany . 
  no thank you . 
  given that unemployment has fallen by a quarter on his watch , while it has risen in the eurozone , i think he has a fair case to be listened to . 
  yeah , but you have a lot of exposure to swedish , which gives you a leg up . 
  which probably explains it . 
  it 's much harder for hungarians to learn other european languages because they 're completely different . 
  on a plane ? 
  sure , but if there 's an allegation , state the specifics so we can judge for ourselves . 
  if there 's a genuine scandal here , then they can list out the dodgy links in question . 
  they gave just one , and that was somewhat tangential . 
  right now , it just seems like they 're using weasel words reported by a union . 
  still , the uk 's performance is impressive for all those that claims austerity just makes things worse ... 
  europe = / = eurozone . 
  there 's probably various effects going round . 
  although i suspect one of them is that the more citizens are exposed to the english-speaking world , the more they are shaped by western ideas of liberalism and democracy . 
  i agree , but `` links '' according to a union and then reported in the left-wing guardian sounds suitably nebulous . 
  especially when the most outrageous `` link '' they could come up with was a relatively small donation by the wife of a guy that has now stepped down . 
  if the ecb prints it , it will go to the eu as a whole , rather than back to the bundesbank . 
  germany will never get the money back that it 's giving through the ecb system . 
  that 's pretty obvious . 
  so we just leave ukraine to the wolves . 
  got it . 
  lol , so it 's wrong to refer to the republic of ireland as a separate place because we 're all supposed to buy into the irish nationalist view of northern ireland really being a part of them ... got it . 
  i 'll try to remember to find some . 
  the uk gets way more abuse from `` commission sources '' whenever we do n't just sign up for whatever is proposed . 
  and i think we need to differentiate between uk governments and the uk public here . 
  the uk government has done so much to please the eu : handed over half our rebate , scrapped the planned referendum on the lisbon treaty etc , but we still get abuse if we then oppose new initiatives which do n't make sense . 
  apparently limiting the rise in the eu budget , when every nation is actively cutting back at home , was some sort of appalling xenophobic thing . 
  except for the fact they 're in different countries , a pretty major difference . 
  i never claimed russia was n't european . 
  obviously it 's european . 
  the idea that we should only defend weak countries if they are in the eu or nato is screwed up . 
  it 's like not stopping a burglary you see because the neighbour in question does n't come to neighbourhood watch meetings . 
  ukraine wants to be in nato - it 's just us stopping it . 
  remind which is the only large western european nation to take part in the rapid reaction force in eastern europe ? 
  if i say `` i 'm going to ireland '' , i could be referring to anywhere on the island of ireland . 
  you need a distinction for the bit south of the border just as much as you do for the bit north of it . 
  and they 've got to that position because the complete ineptitude of the west in providing a stand . 
  georgia was a warning . 
  ukraine should have been a fucking alarm bell . 
  growing up , i always assumed we had something called `` collective deterrence '' where we would n't let european countries be invaded by their neighbours , but we all just stood there and did fuck all while russia annexed parts of a foreign country . 
  the us has been weak on this , but it 's nations like germany that are really dragging their feet . 
  merkel is more worried about domestic gas prices than she is about enforcing international rule of law . 
  i would have thought of all the countries that should be aware what happens when international norms are not enforced against authoritarian leaders , germany would be one of them . 
  i think we can both agree better structural reform and monetary policy would improve long term revenue , but would it be enough ? 
  i do n't know . 
  in any case , the returns from such things are years down the road . 
  how would you pay for the gap in the meantime ? 
  i mean , the markets wo n't buy the debt of the countries you mentioned . 
  the ecb is having to buy them up , using bundesbank money . 
  you and i both know that 's not how you normally give your weight in this country . 
  yeah , but there 's another part of ireland called `` northern ireland '' , so you need some way to distinguish between the two sometimes . 
  yeah , but just watch german `` comedy '' . 
  it 's just not funny . 
  if you compare germany 's economy to france 's and italy 's , i 'd say german economics works a bit better . 
  how tall are you and how much do you weigh ? 
  maybe different countries can decide for themselves whether to use . 
  would n't that be a strange idea !, 
  this is clearly illogical . 
  yes , there is a keynesian effect where austerity causes more job losses and a knock on effect , so you need  1 % cut to achieve an actual 1 % cut , but to pretend it does n't have any effect at all is ridiculous . 
  the uk has moved from a 13 % deficit to an 8 % deficit in a few years due to its austerity . 
  yeah but the only reason the south can sell those bonds are because the ecb are buying them up . 
  paid for by the north ( mainly germany ) . 
  and how will these deficits be financed , in your plan ? 
  yet the uk is always called the `` bad european '' and gets isolated for having a different point of view , while france openly breaches rules it signed up to just two years ago , massively holds up trade negotiations , etc and nobody gives a damn . 
  it 's such a double standard . 
  why is the `` irish republic '' so upsetting ? 
  because we 're supposed to say `` republic of ireland . 
  oh you germans do n't have a sense of humour . 
  ( now * that 's * how you piss off germans . ), 
  the way to get swedish people annoyed is to say how the swedish chef from the muppets is so funny and sounds just like swedes . 
  for some reason he makes swedes irrationally angry , and they always insist he sounds norwegian . 
  what 's the belgian joke about chocolate ? 
   the problems with the euro are much easier to fix with further integration rather than by ` disintegrating ' it 's funny that the supposed solution to every problem caused by european integration is always more european integration . 
  if you want more integration than that means fiscal transfers . 
  fiscal transfers require democratic oversight . 
  democratic oversight requires a common demos ( people ) . 
  most people in europe identify with their home nation , not the european superstate . 
  it wo n't work . 
  and you ca n't act like this is just the view of narrow minded racists . 
  nobel prize winners like paul krugman have pointed to the madness of the euro . 
  it 's political ideology that 's keeping this thing going , not economic sense . 
  when `` solidarity '' means the stupidity of taking more of the people that are turning up in europe , it just makes things worse . 
  for every one you take in , you encourage three more to take the trip . 
  you can read that report talking about how everyone in baghdad is thinking of leaving .
