  this is actually part of [ reddiquette ] ( https://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette?v=08ebd986-6459-11e2-83d1-12313d182d8d ) and is routinely done by everybody . 
   put the file type at the end of the title if it is something other than html or text , like [ pdf ] or [ video ] . 
  what ? 
  pattern recognition ? 
  that 's embedded in the human brain . 
  what 's the point of having multinational companies , that do n't pay a dime in taxes , in your country if your people do n't benefit from it ? 
  i do n't want to compete . 
  no one does . 
  because it 's low . 
  we want you to stop the bullshit and man up . 
  that is talking about the total number of workers employed , not irish . 
  according to the article :  total employment with overseas companies now stands at 187,056 however , according to [ this article ] ( http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/number-of-new-foreign-workers-rises-50pc-in-two-years-31213878.html ) :  more than 40,000 foreign workers moved to ireland to take up jobs in 2014 so , how many of those `` hundreds of thousands '' are actually irish ? 
   there 's hundreds of thousands employed by these companies [ citation needed ], 
  you do n't learn pattern recognition if there is no pattern like in english . 
  thus they regularise it . 
  hungarian too . 
  to the extent that we do n't have proper dialects and accents anymore ( with the excpetion of the szekely and csango peoples ) . 
  in hungarian you can grab a handful of words season it with some suffixes and affixes , put it in a blender , pour it on the ground and it will form a sentence . 
  and we also have language nazis overlooking the evolution of the language . 
   one terror attack is nothing man . 
  i 'm sorry but this is just plain stupid . 
  i do n't even know how to respond . 
  and there were two or have you forgotten charlie hebdo ? 
  furthermore , daesh is keep threatening the west . 
  do n't for a moment think that it 's over . 
   parts of brazil or mexico are unsafe because of the crime rate . 
  yes , there are more dangerous countries but that does n't make france safe . 
  not by a long shot . 
  again . 
  you have no idea why they issued the warning . 
  they have intelligence agencies , you have an opinion . 
  you laughing at it does n't make it any less serious . 
  i 'm pretty sure you said the same thing before the paris attacks . 
  your ( non-existent ) spelling and pronunciation rules , probably . 
  not media , governments . 
  is it really that hard to understand ? 
  i do n't know how to say this differently , english is not my native language . 
  these are official warnings . 
  your perception of security has nothing to do with this . 
  i never said anything about being scared . 
  that 's not for you to decide . 
  you have no information about the possible threats whatsoever . 
  i do n't think governments make decisions based on your drinking habits . 
  yeah , i wrote that comment in a hurry . 
  i 'm not really concerned about it just saying that it 's not a far off idea that it could happen . 
  there are mosquitos in europe too . 
  and a virus mutating and infecting other species is not unheard of . 
  absolutely . 
  and some countries did just that after the attacks . 
  france is in a state of emergency . 
  and by the way , governments still warn citizens to take precautions when travelling to paris . 
   there is a high threat from terrorism . 
  attacks could be indiscriminate . 
  due to ongoing threats to france by islamist terrorist groups , and recent french military intervention against daesh ( formerly referred to as isil ) , the french government has warned the public to be extra vigilant and has reinforced its own domestic and overseas security measures . 
  you should be vigilant in public places and follow the advice of local french authorities . 
  well , it 's all good then . 
  is it ? 
  tunisia is bordering lybia which is in the middle of a bloody civil war . 
  plus , you know , a few dozen tourists died there last year . 
  at this point literally anybody would be better . 
  just elect one of those homelesses . 
  you see , over here we can focus on more than one issue . 
  one of them , the most urgent one , being the migrant crisis . 
  a close second is not to let this happen again . 
  although , i agree that this thread is not the place to discuss it . 
  what 's being done ? 
  in case you did n't understand he is saying we should seal the borders and not let these people in because it will destroy europe 's cultural heritage . 
  that 's a good argument . 
  europe will be better off without the uk as it seems . 
  a constructed language and we still do n't get to be called magyars . 
   however i feel like i personally have more control over the government in the uk than i do over the eu ... quite the opposite , actually . 
  that 's your government 's main concern . 
  they ca n't do whatever they want because they have to comply with the eu rules . 
   hundreds of ak47s seized every year . 
  is this true ? 
  if it is how did this happen and why has n't anybody done anything about it ? 
  it 's not an ultimate solution but it can be part of a bigger plan . 
  sending a message to the ruling class should be the first thing we do . 
  if we stop issuing visas it wo n't affect the inflow because they do n't apply for them now either . 
  but it will send a message for the people who do use visas and they 're usually the ruling classes . 
  so , do you see the flaw in your logic now ? 
  why would you get more inflow ? 
  the ones getting the visas are not the ones going on thousand kilometres journeys risking their lifes . 
  look around what has been happening . 
  european men ** are ** weak . 
  try to do the same thing in an arab country as a european . 
  yeah , okay . 
  `` literally every other sunni islamist group '' . 
  not big but 2 million people used to live there and strategically it was very important . 
  as soon as the saa/ndf finish encircling aleppo the rebels will have no supply route left . 
   well i meant that current plans obviously do n't involve connecting with iraqi border or retaking kurdish controlled territories . 
  yes , i think that 's a long term plan . 
  the russians first want to settle the internal issues and then take care of isil . 
  that 's why they were rushing the peace talks too . 
  but i do n't see this turning in favour of the rebels . 
  their days are numbered . 
  although , i 'm pretty sure they wo n't go down easy . 
  idlib is still fully under their control and they just introduced conscription . 
  we 're going to see some very gruesome battles in the coming weeks . 
   think of it as already in place non spoken agreement that might become official when time is fit to actually have official non agression pact that would be beneficial for both sides for forceable time in the future .
