  and yes , if i have to choose between a hen and myself , i 'll choose myself . 
   an outbreak of many things can kill thousands of people . 
  that does not mean that we take high precautions against these things all the time . 
  you 're right . 
  so , instead of taking steps to prevent one of the many of these things we should just stop caring . 
  who needs rules and regulations when you 'll die anyway , right ? 
  they are , actually . 
  there 's a moderately useful system built by the ministry of education exactly for this . 
  but that 's a little bit harder to use than facebook and some teachers ca n't be bothered to learn it . 
  all the people in my social circle absolutely * must * use facebook for school . 
  there are even some teachers who share information exclusively in the groups there . 
   if you dig a whole to another , you will end up in it we have the exact same , actually : `` aki m\u00e1snak vermet \u00e1s , maga esik bele '' . 
   egregious so , you just taught me a new word . 
  thanks for that !, 
  on the other hand , the english language is crazy . 
  i did a google search to learn the meaning . 
  this was the result :  1 . outstandingly bad ; shocking . 
  `` egregious abuses of copyright ''  2 . 
  ** archaic ** remarkably good . 
  so , apparently in the 16th century they literally switched the meaning of the word . 
  just because you do n't know about something does n't mean others do n't either . 
   how the fuck are we supposed to know this though ? 
  you are n't . 
  you are also not supposed to comment on things you know nothing about . 
  that 's just my opinion though . 
  no , it was posted beacuse of that tweet . 
  which is just plain wrong . 
  and from a british mp , no less . 
  the differences between generations are very interesting . 
  it would make a hell of a thread if we tried to collect early childhood memories . 
  my second memory in my life is the execution of ceausescu and his wife . 
  well , that 's pretty obvious . 
  and sarcasm wo n't make you look any better either . 
  do you think you 're smart or something when you 're trying to twist words like this ? 
  there are rebels and there are terrorists in syria . 
  would you like some help with comprehending the differences ? 
  yeah , now you 're trying to twist what you said . 
   all are terrorist in russia 's mind unless they are assad 's army or russian troops . 
  there 's an enormous gap between supporting a group and calling them terrorists . 
  so , you think it 's ok for you to state outright lies ? 
  that 's your defense ? 
  now , i 'm not saying that the russians are not lying because we know almost certainly that they 've killed civilians . 
  but this :  all are terrorist in russia 's mind unless they are assad 's army or russian troops . 
  is just as much of a lie . 
  now , i really do hope you 're right and eu is here to stay but let 's not forget that this is n't the first economically and politically beneficial organisation in the history . 
  and most of them failed miserably . 
   is it true that standard practice is that passports are checked when leaving a country ? 
  it depends on the two countries . 
  when the iron curtain fell and we were allowed to freely travel around , we had serious border checks on both the hungarian and the other side . 
  two things : first , we were a transit country , meaning smugglers ( both drugs and people ) used the country to get to western europe . 
  second , when the borders opened , people would go to austria buy stuff ( mostly electronics ) and then `` forget '' to pay customs duty . 
  so they had to be checked . 
  no , it is n't . 
  a break up after a civil war is pretty much happening by force . 
   anyway we are speaking about modern era times where human civilization or at least part of it understand perfectly that changing borders by force is n't any solution to solve problem even if this land was back in time part of this country no matter for how long . 
  this is what you said . 
  there 's nothing about invading in there . 
  also , as a hungarian i have pretty strong feelings about changing borders . 
  but sometimes it 's just better to shut up . 
  the yugoslav wars ended with redrawn borders and people like it more than before . 
  so what ? 
  we are only allowed to go back as far as it fits your agenda ? 
  the borders are changing constantly even in europe . 
  i think they were making a joke about your typo . 
  * hat < --  hut *, 
   us media , comedies especially , is always better in the native tongue . 
  the entire series of the flinstones was translated into hungarian in rhymes . 
  and it was still funny as hell but much more catchy . 
  because those are the only possibilities , right ? 
  either take in everybody or leave them in limbo somewhere on the balkans . 
  there is no other way . 
  nothing . 
  is that what you 're saying ? 
  i 'm fine with german solution as long as we end schengen and there wo n't be any talks about quotas . 
  they 're not talking about the ones already there . 
  but i 'm sure you understood that very well . 
   but i say `` fanboys '' because they are pretty obviously you 're one too . 
  and i invite you to try to migrate from windows to open source in a multinational company without causing any serious damage . 
  it 's outright impossible . 
  it 's utterly ridiculous that people have turned this thread into a fuckin ' political campaign . 
  there 's a very big difference between justified criticism and denigrating something whenever you can . 
  because you have a czech flag and i 'm pretty sure ( s ) he is a troll . 
  i do n't think that 's a steretotype . 
  more like a fact . 
  according to every statistics ever , you do drink more beer than , well everybody . 
  you ca n't just drop that line and not link to the intro ( s ) . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2pt-lnq2po ron perlman 's voice is absolutely neccesary to feel it . 
  you 're deliberately trying to divert the conversation . 
  you 're either stupid or just plain full of malice . 
  either way i have no reason to continue this . 
  you have a good day !, 
  you have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about . 
  according to international law , ** we do n't have the right to stop them . 
  ** the best thing we could do is to help them reach their destination . 
  at least check some numbers before you start spitting out idiotic statements that you read on some leftist opinion blog . 
  per capita we were on the second place in 2014 . http://www.theguardian.com/world/datablog/2015/may/11/which-eu-countries-receive-the-most-asylum-seekers, 
  do n't try to change what you said . 
  this is the blatant lie :  hungary never stopped a single migrant , we just let them go undisturbed to germany . 
  the lie was what you said . 
   when migrants came to hungary he simply sent buses to take them to austria this is as far from the truth as it gets .
