i like to think we 're a land of extremes . 
  crazy unfairness with more than a touch of lunacy but crazy possibilities for those who have ideas and dreams . 
  we 're the land of both silicon valley and the wire . 
  at the end of the day , at least it makes for some interesting stories . 
  that 's just ... wat . 
  yea no shit you were called antisemitic . 
  you deserve to be called that . 
  i was thinking `` only '' in comparison to the flights to east asia or australia that are much worse , imo . 
  meh , we gave it a shot back in the 80 's with nasp . 
  anyways , i never got the point of that fast across the atlantic . 
  it 's * only * a 6 hour flight as is , would dropping that to 1 hour offset enough of the cost to to maintain the 3 types of engines ( regular turbojets/turbofans , a ramjet , and a rocket , according to the patent ) not to mention the tanks needed to store the lo2 ( c.f. 
  recent spacex flight if you want to see what can go wrong there ) really make this viable ? 
  i mean , look at how expensive the sr-71 is ( was ) to fly , and that plane did n't have a rocket anywhere near it !, 
  ( d-21 does n't count ), 
  it still gets really hot in those plains and farmland . 
  source - i 'm from st. louis . 
  we had a summer 2 years ago where it was 40-45c for a month straight . 
  please do this . 
  maybe then , congress would properly fund nasa 's ccdev instead of playing bullshit political games overfunding the sls . 
  that would mean that the us ( and the rest of the iss partners ) have 2 more spacecraft on two separate launch platforms ( maybe more ! ), 
  to get to the iss/leo . 
  my joke meter is off right now , but having just watched peaky blinders , i would n't mind some romani heritage . 
  would be an interesting story , at least . 
  possibly ? 
  i have n't had any family in europe for about 70 years so i honestly have no idea . 
  i 'd say that quite a few people at berkeley would agree with you , and some would also want to shoot the bankers in the streets . 
  i think the town threw out a marine recruiting office a few years ago , or at least were certainly trying to . 
  to be fair , i 've never lived in california , so most of my knowledge is from the media or by reputation from my family that lives across the bay in san francisco , so take what i say with a grain of salt without doing research , but i think you 'd be surprised by just how radical some parts of the us can be . 
  you think you 're liberal ? 
  you should visit berkeley , california . 
  as a half-chinese american jew , do i get some sort of award for most popular scapegoat ? 
  edit : i should also add my 1/4 russian ( jew side , obviously ) . 
  that 's because the m1 sports a gas turbine where you can literally dump almost any kind of fuel - jet fuel , gasoline , or diesel into it and it will still run . 
  whether it 's worth the extra price/loss of efficiency is another matter . 
  it will be interresting to see what cuba looks like 10 years after trade liberalization with the us finally occurs , hopefully this year . 
  you mean the company that caused irreparable environmental damage along the gulf coast ? 
  surely you do n't actually think it 's unfair to massively fine them for * that * , do you ? 
  * i 'm aware , i just figured that given that esa probably wants their astronauts to survive , they 'd have a similar certification process and wo n't launch any soyuz-1s . 
  * oh , i agree . 
  so is divh , and probably the medium version as well . 
  that does n't mean it ever will . 
  i believe stephane israel said that there were no plans to put humans on it * afaik , dc4eu is not only similar , but exactly the same as the one being used in crs-2 . 
  sierra nevada is developing the cargo dream chaser to be launcher agnostic and work inside a 5m payload fairing . 
  i was just remarking that a manned dc4eu is the closest thing to a manned spacecraft that esa/arianespace currently have . 
  * yep , because it 's a money-pit and they 're decades behind the experience that russia and the us have , so it makes sense to let them continue to develop technology in that area and use strategic partnerships instead . 
  that being said , it really kills the nationalistic pissing contest . 
  there are no potential vehicles for ariane 5 other than a potential human conversion of dream chaser , which likely would n't enter service until after ariane 5 is retired . 
  and true , soyuz is human rated , but good luck getting russia to sell you capsules when they can sell you seats for a substantial markup . 
  so was every american spacecraft ever designed ? 
  the space shuttle orbiter was built by boeing/rockwell , with different parts contracted out to other companies such as atk , lockheed martin , etc. . . 
  the apollo csm was built by north american aviation , the lunar module was built by grumman , the mercury and gemini capsules were built by mcdonnell aircraft . 
  currently , the orion capsule is being built by lockheed martin . 
  the only real difference between the commercial crew program and past nasa programs is that nasa is not directly setting the requirements . 
  anyways , nasa is going to be the only organization flying such vehicles , as esa has explicitly said they will not develop manned spacecraft . 
  better start building a vehicle then , you 're already about a decade behind . 
  you also better start looking for a human-rated rocket because ariane 6 certainly wo n't be . 
  i live in a police state ? 
  huh , til . 
  the eu is not a single nation that issues passports and if we narrow it even further , the us does n't get a say in who joins schengen . 
  unless one of those two things happen which i doubt , nothing can/will change . 
  eu countries ca n't retain national sovereignty like they do then try to claim all the benefits of a federalized eu outside of europe . 
  the us vwp guidelines are very clear and apply based on nationality issuing the passport . 
  and this comes from someone who would like to see poland and croatia added to the vwp immediately and the rest of europe added in the near future . 
  i think we 're on the same page - and lolmonger is clearly trolling . 
  i 'd also like to point out that it 's not just spacex . 
  there 's also blue origin , bigelow aerospce , [ firefly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/firefly_space_systems ) , [ stratolaunch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stratolaunch_systems ) , and a few others working with [ darpa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/xs-1_\\ ( spacecraft \\ ) ) . 
  sure , the sls will likely be massively overpriced and a huge waste of money , but it 's already budgeted for at least 2 flights and it 'll serve as an interim heavy launcher until bfr comes online ( unless spacex is actually * that * fast ) . 
  it 's a little disingenuous to claim elon musk 's education as canadian given that he transferred to and graduated from upenn , having spent more time there than in canada . 
  further , elon musk is now an american citizen . 
  as for the engineers , according to itar , most of them have to be american . 
  sure , the usa chant was crass , but it 's silly to claim that spacex is n't an american company or a reflection of the united states . 
  or rather , it 'd be silly if it was n't so sad , trying to rob credit from where it is legitimately due . 
  as for american space flight - there 's plenty of innovation . 
  see the nasa 's orion , ula/blue origin 's be-4 , sierra nevada , etc. . . sure we screw up ( c.f. 
  crs orb3 , crs-7 , super strypi , etc. . . ) , and designs may not be `` original '' but europe had yet to offer anything better in terms of manned space flight . 
  to claim that american companies are n't innovating in space travel is ignorant at best . 
  as for claiming that the shuttle was a `` disaster '' - it most certainly did n't live up to its ambitious goals , but i do n't think you can count 133 successful space shuttle missions as a `` disaster . '', 
  ula most certainly is n't - the atlas v would arguably be as cost efficient as ariane 5 if ula were n't required to maintain both the delta iv and atlas v lines . 
  further , it 's pretty clear that ariane 5 was subsidized to a far greater extent that atlas v. further , ula has n't had a single launch failure since its founding . 
  while the ariane 5 is impressive , atlas v 's record is still better . 
  delta 's is arguably just as good . 
  if you want to talk about `` innovation '' - ariane 5 's dual satellite launch is pretty innovative , but [ it 's used pretty much the same engine since 1988 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vulcain ) . 
  since then , spacex alone has developed the kestrel and the merlin line and is currently working on the raptor . 
  ula/boeing developed the rs-68 . 
  blue origin has developed the be-3 and is working on the be-4 . 
  not to mention , american spaceflight has done a complete course-change since ariane 5 started flying , ditching the x-33 / venturestar programs and developing entirely new systems in the interim . 
  frankly , the issue with american aerospace companies/programs is n't the lack of innovation - we have plenty of that . 
  we just seem to be schizophrenic over what gets funded . 
  a mars trailer park is the only one i 'd be happy to live in . 
  also - mississippi trailer parks ? 
  fema paid for them about 10 years ago . 
  hey , sacrifices have to be made . 
  i 'd gladly sacrifice lolmonger 's hearing for a fully budgeted mars trip . 
  i 'd sacrifice the state of mississippi if it meant a mars colony . 
  well , i 'd do that without the colony too i guess . 
  rp-1 / lox is way cheaper than introducing many more potential points of failure . 
  joke 's on you . 
  we 've been training for that for years . 
  have you seen our portion sizes ? 
  lived in wi for a year for work .
