  then you wonder why millions choose to immigrate , and those who did n't , might try to cheat the system so they can afford more than food and paying bills . 
  there is indeed none , but it would n't be much higher , it would be something like greece most likely ( although i have n't seen any data ) . 
  that if there is any working force in eastern europe to begin with . 
  in my country alone millions have left the country to work abroad . 
  they might be considered in that percentage of shadow economy since they are citizens who do n't pay taxes , so that is quite a lot . 
  then the rest of us , well , a big part of us are still living in rural areas , then there are more elders who receive a pension than a working force ( like i said , what working force ) . 
  and who am i going to work for without a contract , when in my city alone is full of foreign multinational corporations which invested massively because of cheap labor ? 
  well , the president was actually a communist dictator who looked up to countries like north korea . 
  anyway , i guess you can search on youtube for ceausescu execution ( 1989 ) , which was indeed on tv . 
  of course . 
  we built the pyramids . 
  ask anyone to point out romania on a world map , they look at africa first . 
  who am i to deny it ? 
  it is . 
  still , lots of people here buy volkswagen , skoda etc. 
  this [ map ] ( http://imgur.com/a/tdktw ) shows that they are not that many . 
  true as well for romania , but then you realize that is just for basic needs . 
  do you want a smartphone , do you want a mac/pc , do you want a car , and the list goes on and on , you have to pay the same price as everyone else in europe , because we import them as everyone else . 
  personally i had to buy pc components from germany because it was cheaper than in my country ( which buys from big importers/distributors as germany and add their taxes ) . 
  [ they learned new skills in romania ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kc4ng ), 
  that is true . 
  in my city alone ( a small example ) i have three big automotive companies from germany , lots of other companies from furniture to it working exclusively for germany . 
  mostly because of cheap labor . 
  with how much they export all around the world , it is hardly anything ` made in germany ' . 
   also if you were to dissolve the euro it certainly wo n't be germany that will take the worst hit . 
  not by a long shot . 
  hard to say but i guess you have someone/something in mind when you said that ? 
  i know germany also invested heavily in my country and the countries around because of cheap labor . 
  how do you think it will impact germany economy if theoretically eu were to dissolve ? 
  well , romania went into war side by side with germany , military and not politically , to recover bessarabia and bukovina and because of the danger that soviets presented . 
  they lost , most of them dead or captured . 
  germany was also playing a two front war , more like a two faced war , and conflicts inside romania territory made siding with germany not in the interest of romania anymore . 
  so they declared war to germany . 
  after that ... more history , and indeed kinda irrelevant now . 
  it 's actually more about hating politics than people , and there are reasons for it ... russia annexed part of our country ( i.e. 
  today moldova republic ) , russia never returned the gold ( over 90 tons of gold ) , russia gave us communism etc. 
  actually people in romania think the communist regime strengthened the religion , because it was kinda forbidden in that time and you were tortured for it , at least it 's what the elders used to say . 
  ` spain , portugal , italy , ireland ' , they are all roman catholic , quite different than greece and romania . 
  also , romania has a pronounced population aging . 
  the older population is also more rural ( more than half ) which means less educated and more religious . 
  there are also less and less children each year and a good chunk of the younger generations chose to immigrate . 
  religion is quite a factor imo , since it is the main argument in such matters , but it 's the elders mostly who use it . 
  atheists are more common among younger generations . 
  there is also other factors , romania think it has to solve many other problems , more important , than attend such matters as discrimination . 
  russia has almost the same percentage of orthodox christians as romania , i would n't call them atheists . 
  religion is also in decline in romania among younger generations . 
  you are born with it but most young generations do n't attend to church or religious events anymore , they quite despise religion . 
  so , these things are more nuanced from country to country , because of different background . 
  you forgot one part : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_treasure, 
  we probably got rid of the romanian treasure xd, 
  yes , there is no ` particip ' in that sentence . 
  also , for who does n't know romanian , ` eu/je ' is implied in this case . 
  more explicit it would be ` eu sunt ... ' / ` je suis ... ' but both are correct . 
  it was more of a parallel . 
  well , getting out of country was like one way risky trip . 
  it was easier than now in nk but those were other times . 
  the surveillance was real . 
  here in brasov we had our small revolution in '87 and friends of my family were caught in it . 
  jailed , tortured and then deported near the borders of the country , that 's what happened to all of them caught back then . 
  the were also people staying inside the apartment blocks , looking for anyone going in or out , to see what neighbors talk to what other neighbors , who is friends with who and all the small details . 
  of course they have been listening to all the calls and more . 
  in a way some were starving but yes you can call it more like heavily rationalized , and lacked diversity . 
  some were ` starving ' because many times , after staying in lines for hours for everything , before or after school , or before or after work , you could not get your ration of bread or whatever the line was there for . 
  most of the time there was nothing to buy , the stores were empty most of the week . 
  my parent , me or my brother were all staying in lines for food , in the hope we do n't miss . 
  i ca n't imagine what did those who could n't do it since even i came home many times empty handed . 
  this is at least what happened in brasov , hence the small revolution . 
  yes , he was aiming to become more like those countries back then . 
  in some parts he succeeded . 
  good thing he did n't succeed in the end . 
  i 'm probably late with my comment but people are out to protest against the government that passed amnesty and pardon emergency ordinances with a day before , unscheduled and at night in secret . 
  they shortened the punishment for the abuse of power , they also made it that you can not hold politicians for abuse of power if they defrauded the state with less than 200k lei ( $ 48k ) . 
  this is the main reason . 
  this will get corrupt politicians out of jail and they will cancel any judiciary processes , any ongoing processes . 
  this also involves the head of the major party ( psd ) in the governing coalition , party that was elected two months ago by less than 20 % of the eligible voters , mostly rural population manipulated by media , rural population that makes up half the country . 
  the majority did n't vote because they lost hope . 
  even those who voted are angry , they did n't say they will do this . 
  anyway , this leader had his first trial just one day before this , he defrauded the state with almost half that limit , so he is pardoned . 
  in short , romania has been fighting corruption for decades , now this is a big step back . 
  besides the message of that video , video which was made days before his execution , what you can see there , are people coming to kiss our communist dictator 's ass . 
  not willingly but because it was mandatory . 
  all the signs , portraits , flowers , songs , it 's all to praise him , unwillingly . 
  he enjoyed very much to brag about what he did for the country , when in fact he starved the entire country for years , trying to have no external debts , he tortured and killed people in prisons , everyone talking against him or his party , everyone were like under a watch list , nobody was allowed to leave country and much more . 
  it was the nkorea of europe . 
  with a roaming service you are allowed to use a foreign network when you are outside your own country , with your own phone . 
  the foreign network charge your own operator a tax for that . 
  that is roaming . 
  when you make a call that is within your operator numbers , but you are abroad , you are charged extra . 
  that is roaming . 
  when you make a call from your own country to someone that is abroad but within the same operator , you are not charged extra , although he/she needs to have roaming . 
  roaming services are also limited ( 90 days will be ? ) . 
  international calls are the ones made with your own phone , in your own country , to someone in a different country . 
  this usually cost more than national calls , and roaming is irrelevant here . 
  i do n't need roaming to call someone in uk , from my own country , but i 'm charged extra regardless , because it 's an international call . 
  so , regardless of having roaming or not , you are making international calls , which cost more than national calls . 
  not really . 
  there are still limitations for having a foreign number . 
  there are lots of services that only accept numbers from your own country . 
  also , you are still making an international call , no matter if you call your friend who is staying next to you . 
  you would pay more for that alone .
