  bulgaria too . 
  surprised ? 
  now since they are both smaller country , they have a lower amount , obviously . 
  romania population is already higher than these two countries combined , so 3 % is a big number . 
  when you say 8 % , you are just out of your mind . 
  plus , there is no reason for them to not declare themselves roma . 
  only swearing, 
  just that you will find many similarities in cuisine , customs , habits , history etc. 
  but you will find similarities with others as well , like germans , turks etc. 
  history did all that . 
   the governments are trying to stop students from going abroad same thing they want in romania . 
  recently , they have been talking about making university students work in the country for the same amount of time as they have been studying , or make them pay for the studies if they go to work abroad after they finish . 
  i think initially this refers to or is a renew of an older project , which was about szekely autonomy and their so called extremist approach , saying they have been tolerant enough but cant have them attacking the essence of our state . 
  quite interesting the timing , with our recent protests . 
  we have no preference . 
  we eat them with either mayonnaise , or ketchup , or garlic sauce , or cheddar cheese , or sour cream . 
  curiously why ? 
  one way we eat them is with salt on them and * ca\u0219caval * ( turkic origins ) , which is pretty much like cheddar cheese . 
  notice the similarities now ? 
  pretty much the same is happening in most european countries , montenegrin is also just a translation of black mountain and lots of countries use the translation in their own language . 
  in my language ( romanian ) is pretty easy , muntenegru ( munte = mountain , negru = black ) is quite similar but in other languages is quite different , like karadag in turkic , which means the same thing . 
  where is the ketchup ? 
  for me , the only appealing factor to find work in us would be the english language , since it 's widely spoken , and it 's the only foreign language i 've tried to understand . 
  otherwise , eu can offer me anything i want , with less hassle . 
  unrelated , most i 've seen coming over here to stay for good are brits . 
  i do n't think we call the right side spaghetti , that looks very much like noodles to me ... and who would want to eat noodles like that ? 
  reminds me of the legend of sleepy hollow . 
  even [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coffee ) agrees . 
  * rahat * is fine , he should know what * rahat * means , we borrowed the exact same word for the exact same thing . 
  same in romania . 
   how many british move to bulgaria or romania ? 
  more and more brits are coming every year to establish here in romania for good . 
  do n't know about bulgaria . 
   the only people moving to the east are eastern europeans returning of course the size is n't the same but saying there is nobody going to east europe or nobody wants too ... that 's just completely untrue . 
  many brits like it here , but of course , the way uk is portraying these countries makes you believe there is no way someone would want to live there . 
  not my fault you were misinformed . 
   are they distinguished from the three ? 
  yes about the usage , well , lets say in our day to day usage of the language we do n't talk like we would write a novel , or academic paper , or like a journalist etc , so it 's a simplified language ( less distinguished ) . 
  well , saxons came here way before nazi . 
  i found out myself that one of my great-grandfather was actually german , so there you go , you never know . 
   2006 more like 2000 , but i agree . 
  i 've seen scientific articles over the years , trying to explain why it happens all over the world , without the factors you mentioned , and so far it 's not a final conclusion , just more research . 
  it goes from observation among most animals , to men constitution , to genetics that most i did n't understand . 
  but they seem to have some opinions , without a final conclusion like i said , that biologically men die faster . 
  i think biologically speaking , men also die a bit earlier , without those factors mentioned . 
  yea , i was looking just now in our dictionary . 
  described as a tool , short handed , curved blade , used for woodcarving ; also used as surnames in north of our country ( tesla teslaru ) . 
  source , tesla ( slavic ) . 
  older source , tesati ( to cut , carve ) . 
  so it 's the same . 
  what i linked is the modern version of that one you linked . 
   even your wikipedia does n't mention that crap i agree . 
  as i said earlier , i found no sources . 
  now , in wiki 's defense , it is all voluntary work , anyone can write almost anything on wiki ( this is why you mention sources on footer ) , so not really official but close to it . 
  well , it could be , but i was more interested in official sources for the wallachian origins . 
  all i found is that his great-grandfather changed his name to tesla . 
  everything else is ten year old forum debates , some say that his great-great-grandfather may have been named `` draghici '' , serbs claims that his name was `` dragovic '' , or greeks say that might have been `` dragan '' . 
  tesla never mentioned anything like this and the only source for his istro-romanian origins is an old romanian article written on the internet in ' 99 . 
  even me as a romanian i would n't call this a source . 
  the paragraph above says ` valachian ' in english , while everyone using english says ` wallachia ' , and we romanians say ` valahia ' . 
  long story short , it does n't look like we have a source for his origins . 
  what tesla word means in romanian : [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/iac84 ) . 
   draghici which is romanian name . 
  it is but it has slavic origins . 
  edit : btw , have n't found the source for this name of his , father , do you have any ? 
  because in case of pills ( you mentioned pills ) , there are free pills , pills with part of the price discounted and full priced pills . 
  all given to people depending of how severe , rare , urgent or epidemic the problem is , their social status , their age etc. 
  i had a grandma who had dialysis and shots fully discounted ( free ) but some of the pills where not included on the discounted list . 
  when i had a surgery ( not free , but part of it covered ) , i also had to buy the pills that i needed at full price ( quite expensive ) , because romania was not making them ( i guess it was n't something common ) and not included on any discounted list . 
  anyway , that is quite a large of money for pills , it 's good that you got that covered . 
  but that is because it 's cancer , so you get free treatment because the state has to do it by the law . 
  i think it 's the same for those with cardiovascular problems . 
  even when it 's free , lots of people still have to stay in line for those services or pay if they do n't want to wait . 
  well , good thing we have both . 
  they keep each other busy . 
  it 's only some basic free healthcare but if the cost is over some limits or it 's something more serious , you pay . 
  in our case , it 's always something serious since people tend go to the doctors in the last minute , so to say , and lots of elders do n't take their health serious . 
  they did n't put extra letters in words , quite a huge number of english words have french/latin/greek origins . 
  american english is the one losing the original form of the words , but still preserves some of the old words ( aerodynamics or anything aero , ambiguous , contour , serious , famous comes to mind ) . 
  in our country i would still consider some of those first points like : `` utility bills '' , some people still struggle to pay them , hell , some people do n't even have access to utilities ; `` keep their home adequately warm '' , because it adds up to utility bills ; `` face unexpected expenses '' , for lots of people basic stuff are expensive , like doctors are expensive , pills are expensive , renovation is expensive etc ; `` eat meat or proteins regularly '' , think how many skip healthy food because it 's more expensive . 
  we have less and less of those problems but we should n't ignore them . 
  not affording a car or a tv , that is another whole category imo , and yes it 's not a severe problem . 
  i think that applies here too , giving the fact that in romania almost half the population still lives in rural areas ... 
  read my comment again , i 'm wondering why do we blindly follow americans , why do we kiss their feet at every turn , for no good reason . 
  yet every response i get , is why i side with russians . 
  nowhere did i mention russia in that comment , nor did i imply that . 
  i 'm sure we do n't blindly follow americans because of bessarabia and northern bukovina , that is the reason we do n't side with russia , which is not what i 've asked . 
  i 'm wondering why do you only mention that , where is hertza , where is the romanian thesaurus ? 
  i 'm trying to have a serious discussion and only got responses that do n't even match my questions . 
  that is true , but giving their position on a map , what should they say , thanks us for this muslim invasion ? 
  what ? 
  who said anything about russians ? 
  i only said that we blindly jumped towards us , when in fact we were nothing but superpower 's pawns in the past , and maybe today too economically speaking . 
  our economic future lies with eu in the first place , then with countries like china , or maybe even india ( from that picture ) , personally i hope it 's the case with military too . 
  well , it 's not like the east has many reasons to lean towards us , since us only acts in their own interests . 
  because of that i 'm surprised that us romanians are so pro us . 
  big part of it is also the mentality after communism , we felt like we had no national identity and we tried to americanize everything blindly . 
  if you go back in time , like a millennia or two ago , the east was less divided and more blended . 
  but that can be said about the rest too ( roman empire , austria-hungary etc ) . 
  the specific cuisine of eastern europe , shared wars , language exchange , all reminiscence of those times .
