  [ another ] ( https://www.google.ro/search?q=cascada+romania+bigar&amp;hl=en&amp;tbm=isch ) one , a bit closer to us . 
  greece , cyprus , spain , bulgaria , romania , slovakia ... 
  notice this graph shows under 35 and higher . 
  communism in my country only been gone 27 years ago so quite some people under 35 are from socialist times where people were making lots kids . 
  now the population is aging and also decreasing ( [ link ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:population_age_structure_by_major_age_groups,_2005_and_2015_\\ ( % 25_of_the_total_population \\ ) _ yb16.png ) ) . 
  nice !, 
  still waiting for the snow to go away . 
  btw , [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/hqwqw ) is what we call hyacinths over here , what are those ? 
  lol . 
  but on the other hand , there is something wrong with the uk people . 
  i 've seen lots of people from uk retiring here , probably just because it 's much cheaper for their money . 
  even prince charles has a property bought here . 
  it would benefit the country and themselves quite a lot but try to convince the old people to give their land for work/rent , when they already had their land stolen once by the communists . 
  those started to appear slowly , mostly because who wants to sell for profit do n't really have a choice right now with all the eu regulations and the competition , but it 's a long way . 
  it 's true , only the major cities benefit directly , some others benefit indirectly from things like raising minimum wage and whatever . 
  the rural areas rarely get any benefit , so it 's easy to give them a few more euros to their pension or bribe them with some food and suddenly they know who to vote for . 
  let 's not forget that for now , most of the economy is based on multinational corporation ( ~ 90 % ) , which also makes the western countries ( since most of them are coming from west ) benefit more than our own . 
  i would n't say people are amazed that psd makes 45 % , they actually make around 17 % of the total eligible voters since most people ( ~ 60 % ) did n't vote ( lost hope ) . 
  i still do n't see the connection you are trying to make . 
  the rural population in both countries are quite different in many ways you look at , from age to economy . 
  you forgot these people in the government who tried to pass the law have various charges over the years . 
  they should n't be allowed there in the first place . 
  if all you said is true , some of it is but it 's not the whole truth , then why they tried to hide this , even lie many times about what is going on ? 
  if everything was legit , why acting like a criminal ? 
  i mean , romanians have quite a colorful language too ... 
   many are indeed benefiting from the economic progress romania is going though . 
  what do you mean by that more exactly ? 
   the fact that 38 % of romanians do n't have access to running water most likely related to the fact that half the country lives in rural areas , where some even still use wells . 
  being color blind is actually pretty common . 
  i think over the years i saw a good amount of moldavian being triggered every time i mentioned something about our own province moldova from romania , and not moldova republic which we refer as bessarabia , but they did n't realize that on the moment . 
  there is yugoslavia as well . 
  gypsies calling themselves gypsies , or referring to themselves as gypsies , in romania is no problem either . 
  it 's calling a romanian that does n't belong to this ethnic minority a gypsy , that is going to trigger most romanians . 
  interesting fact , romania had another one much smaller near bucharest ( magurele ) but it was shut down 20 years ago . 
  the process of decommissioning the reactor is still ongoing ( takes quite some decades ) . 
  quite funny but who would need to say such things , was he having a dark skin or something ? 
  more down to earth , those gypsies must have fled the country or something , last official census showed 3.08 % of gypsies in romania , but that was like five years ago . 
  yes , the situation is not much different tho . 
  one room for 200 euro and bad conditions , one room for 250 euro with decent conditions . 
  well , this is why i would rather choose 2 rooms for 250 that is so so . 
  my last one when i was still living in bucharest was more . 
  it was also nothing fancy , old paint , old but still good furniture , all the utilities and only a minute away from the subway , so it was like 180 each after the split . 
  indeed , with minimum wage you do n't have much of a choice at all , same here . 
  thankfully lots of jobs in more growing cities moved away from minimum wage but you can still find plenty of jobs that pay like that , like hospital nurses , sales , cashier , most manufacturing companies and lots of other jobs . 
  with an average salary of 500 euro , you can definitely live on your own . 
  i 'd give you some numbers but those do n't mean much . 
  apparently 44 % of our total working force in romania were paid with minimum wage in 2016 , but that is not the whole truth because some use this to circumvent the system to they pay less taxes . 
  around 86 % of total working force were paid less than average wage , and 12 % have more than average wage , all that in 2016 . 
  i guess the missing 2 % are those paid with exact average wage . 
  i think you are right . 
  i had n't thought of that . 
  well it 's for 2 rooms . 
  you do n't really go for single room because those are barely any cheaper , you save like 0 ~ 50 euros and the conditions are usually worse . 
  you can also split a 2 room apartment with someone else , that is what i did for many years . 
  bucharest has both cheap and expensive apartments . 
  cheap is like i said it before . 
  if you want expensive ( close to center , access points , modern ) in bucharest , then 500 ~ 1000 euros is more of the norm . 
  there are 2 rooms apartments very nicely done and in the center of bucharest for thousands of euros , that if you really want . 
  some cities can be more expensive than bucharest when it comes to buying apartments . 
  mine is like a tourist city , others like cluj definitely can be more expensive than bucharest because of it industry and similar stuff . 
  the ownership rate is more because barely anyone rent , the percentage is too low . 
  you can not afford to rent like in the west where renting is also something a lot more common or ordinary , and cheaper ( not counting uk and other expensive countries ) compared with the wages . 
  so people move to families , stay with relatives , inherit their parents or grandparents house , or rent/stay into someone 's apartment that have a spare room etc. 
  remember that i said millions have left the country to work abroad and people do n't make kids anymore , so it 's very much possible that your parents apartment can be yours one day if your parents move to your grandparents place . 
  those that work abroad and come back can afford a new apartment in a few years , i know my brother did it . 
  oh and the apartments were distributed to everyone in the working force in our communist-socialist times , this is why everyone of our parents have apartments . 
  i do n't know from what year are those statistics made but since then prices have escalated a few times last year . 
  then last month the price have doubled compared with last year . 
  there articles if you want to read about it . 
  overall , i would n't complain , it 's alright for a simple life . 
  if you want more , well , that is quite expensive . 
  i used to play with a website that you can compare cities by how much you spend on stuff . 
  it seems like a city as berlin ( since germany is doing so good ) is only 80 % more expensive than bucharest ( food , clothing , transportation , housing etc ) , yet their minimum wage is like 4 times higher . 
  that is quite a big discrepancy . 
  well , services and essentials have decent prices , i agree with you . 
  now , speaking of housing , most of the people can not afford a house , or rent here . 
  just imagine having lets say 300 euros/month , most of it it 's going to pay bills ( electricity alone has the same price as in most developed eu countries ) , you pay for food , you might buy some cloths ( some are made here , lots are imported ) and some other basic stuff . 
  buying a book , or a magazine , going to a movie , buying a decent tv , buying pills ( or other pharmaceutical needs ) , and so on , i start to consider being luxury , because the prices you pay for those are eu prices . 
  there are quite lots of things that have eu prices , not just examples i gave like electronics . 
  now , if you are going to rent an apartment , for simple/common people like me , it will be from 250 euros and up ( at least it 's what i paid ) , if you want something nicer and the same 2 rooms , the price can easily double . 
  someone with minimum wage can not afford anything and there are many working for min wages . 
  of course , you can share with someone else and split the price . 
  having a family and kids , will cost you even more . 
  so , how long do you think it 's going to take me to save to buy a 2 rooms apartment ( not 3 or 4 rooms and not a real house ) which cost 50k ~ 70k euros ? 
  for a married couple , there are a some helping programs but you still have to pay a lot and for like 20 ~ 25 years . 
  add a car in the mix if you wish , or furniture even . 
  no need to describe this even more , so , as a result , millions have left the country to work abroad , less and less people are making children and so on . 
  [ we are watching you !, 
  used to be the old ventilation systems . 
  do n't worry , it does n't look that way from [ other angles ] ( http://imgur.com/a/qztnc ) . 
  i do n't know the reason for not having a complete graph , and not my point i 'm going to make , but i would n't call them all crooks . 
  take a look at my country . 
  you are not seeing the whole picture here , the economy is quite different . 
  millions ( that 's quite many ) of the working force left the country to work abroad in west , they are pouring money into our country when they come back , but do n't pay any taxes since they dont have jobs here . 
  imagine big chunk of your country going abroad for work , how would that impact on taxes ? 
  then , almost half of population live in rural areas . 
  more and more associations are coming up but lots of people in this areas are quite poor . 
  they sell/buy among themselves without regulations and paying taxes , because they can not afford . 
  the only blooming economy are the multinational companies and most of the money comes from there , but they are keep coming more and more because of the cheap labor and perpetuating the low wages , better than others are paying in our country but very low compared with the rest of eu . 
  hard to compete with them when they have all the eu regulations , all the money to invest and pay all their taxes .
