  we have free sources of water even in the middle of a city but have n't seen anyone going with so many plastic bottles even if it 's spring water . 
  as someone who saw the locals doing it , and buying from them , i agree . 
  although i have noticed some types do n't crystallize as fast as others , like linden honey for example . 
  it depends i guess . 
  romania is further south , some cities got nice spring vibe while in other like mine , more near mountains , it was snowing just a few days ago . 
  well , this is just an approximation . 
  some people subscribe to multiple subs from europe . 
  i think we are past that . 
  lots of natural resources will be depleted in the next hundred years , with our current consumption rate and population . 
  this does n't take into account future/possible climate change that can affect water consumption or soil degradation . 
  while greece is like our second or third destination , we as romanians visit bulgaria almost 2-3 times more than greece in a year . 
  the resemblance with sanskrit is a lot higher than this video let you know . 
  it was snowing like 3 days ago here too . 
  mostly due to nonexistent good roads , also more time spent on the road on longer trips to other cities , that leads to people getting tired more often , also less police personnel and so on . 
  now to add more to this , we will have even more old cars on the roads . 
  yep , we do n't need visa for eu https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_requirements_for_romanian_citizens or neighbors such as serbia etc, 
  is n't less than 10 ? 
  [ digi net fiberlink 1000 ] ( http://www.rcs-rds.ro/internet-digi-net/fiberlink?t=internet-fix&amp;pachet=digi_net_fiberlink_1000 ) 39 lei ( 8.56 euro today ) vat included . 
  most like lack of infrastructure to begin with . 
  in my town ( and probably the case in most of the others ) they were digging around the streets/sidewalk for years , trying to install fiber optic and other stuff . 
  it 's mostly one big company giving cheap internet/cable and some other services . 
   living in romania now but i 'm from canada on some offtopic note here , one would think of the other way around , have you lost a bet ? 
  bulgaria , hungary , croatia ... 
  i 've read those use corn syrup . 
  ours use cane sugar but a lot is replaced with corn syrup for others , like fanta . 
   i have a sneaking suspicion that food companies might use eastern european countries as a testbed to see how far they can go with cost saving measures before people begin to notice . 
  on the other hand one of my ( our ) favorite chocolate brand made in romania has decreased in quality ( taste ) and that most probably due to the manufacturing company being shut down some years ago , but the same brand is now imported , made elsewhere . 
  the thing is , only lately people noticed a bigger change in quality , past the time our place was shut down . 
  when it comes to clothing , that i can confirm . 
  in romania we have some small firms working exclusively for foreign brands , like for example one i read about working for lotto ( italy ) . 
  my city alone is home to quite a few of german companies ( schaeffler , continental , draexlmaier from the top of my head ) producing auto parts for known german cars . 
  there is nothing anymore made exclusively in one country . 
  * tovarish, 
  because ( mostly ) bucharest ... neglected old interwar buildings at that time and neighborhoods like ferentari which harbors uncivilized gypsies ( which we still have today in bucharest ) . 
  sure , but that 's only partially true because it 's hard to imagine how it could have been looking today without communism , regarding urbanization ( the thing i spoke of ) . 
  it could have been much better or it could have been the same . 
  we had a few nice and small cities but overall our country was a huge rural area . 
  even today almost half of our country still lives in rural areas . 
  i only spoke of forced urbanization because the photos depicted mostly ` slums ' . 
  our culture and political class was and is indeed as you said because of communism , but i already mentioned in the first sentence that ` communism was very bad for us in many ways ' . 
  the problem i saw , some of those buildings like ` magazinul bucuresti ' were made in interwar period , before the communism . 
  those were left alone and because of that it looked like in those pictures . 
  saying that communism is responsible for building those ugly buildings , is quite the ` crass logical fallacy ' . 
  most of those pictures are made in bucharest , our capital . 
  it 's probably the city that suffered the most changes over the years , but as the guy above said , those pics lean towards the nasty places . 
  communism was very bad for us , in many ways , but it does n't mean slums , old grey building waiting to fall , and such . 
  in fact we were put to work ( it was mandatory ) even as school students to clean the city , recycle , plant flowers and tree etc , things that we do n't do today by ourselves . 
  when i was a kid i had to see three neighborhoods near me being built up ( mine included ) , while plenty of houses have been demolished , some of them quite nice . 
  [ this place ] ( http://imgur.com/a/btjsy ) ( pic from the late ' 80 ) for example , a neighborhood just near me , was nothing but mostly small hills and mud , went there to watch motocross many times as a kid , but some houses existed and building blocks started to appear back then . 
  that picture , that 's how it looked after a time span of maybe 10 years , during communism times . 
  [ nowadays ] ( http://imgur.com/a/4zrqs ) it does n't look much different . 
  sure , communism buildings do n't look pretty , but if it was n't for communism , and forced forced urbanization , that could have been one of the slums today . 
  title should have been more like ` mostly photos of bucharest in the '90s ' . 
  the city changed a lot but those photos are some of the reasons why in the '90 lots of friends and even family told me not to go there ( i did anyway ) , and the mentality of being a bad city kinda persists even today among elders . 
  there are the historical regions that divides us , at north you have transylvania and moldova ( our second half , not the country ) which is kinda different from south , where you could see things slightly different , although not much of a difference as people overall . 
  the biggest difference is in transylvania where you could see totally different architecture , people being more diverse ( magyars , saxons ) , religion being a bit different , food could be different etc. 
  although being only in high school in those times , i do remember some of those depressing times but i do n't remember that many gypsies and that many bad places , especially since communism just finished building new ` shiny ' and clean neighborhoods . 
  i was in transylvania as well if that matters . 
  the brain drain from europe , and other parts of the world of course , to the us , is real . 
  us gets more top scientists than sends abroad . 
  it basically means ` keep the city clean ! ', 
   although transilvania is probably a good brand . 
  the ones on the east side of the map are better . 
  we probably [ drink ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m7cr7ap.png ) all of it and not much left for others , 
  latin/romance indeed , and around 75 % our vocabulary is considered latin , but we have quite a number of words ( heard around 10 ~ 14 % ) borrowed from our slavic neighbors . 
  in the recent years i 've seen some discrimination , created mostly artificially/politically , and mostly outside of transylvania ( figures ) . 
  plenty of people living here have romanian/magyar friends ( me too ) and live normally side by side . 
  as romanian ethnic , never had a problem with magyars , maybe they have with me but never told me  . 
  my only ` problem ' is that sometimes when i traveled to a city nearby ( to buy some home made stuff ) , one of the two cities with magyars majority , there was rarely anyone speaking romanian . 
  szekely ( secui ) is rarely used , it 's common to see ` ungur/maghiar ' . 
  \u021bigan / \u021bigani ( \u021b = like english ts/tz ) in romanian . 
  i think he is trying to isolate just gypsies from the rest of the people by saying that . 
  since i live in one of the cities in transylvania , i have n't heard of any bad incident where they had to state out the ethnicity of the saxons living here , or others for that matter , but with roma there was always something different . 
  i think everyone here had their fair share of incidents with gypsies , some which resulted in such extremist opinions over the years . 
  greeks and latins said in those times that getae/dacians were also part/related to thracian tribes , and those preceded vlachs . 
  the most arheological evidence of thracians are found in modern day bulgaria but some are also present in our lower half of romania , where vlachs lived . 
  ( [ more detailed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dacians ) ), 
  about this location described in this article . 
  i lived in the old town ( historic center of bucharest ) for like a year , in a block apartment nearby . 
  in the big houses , across the street , all you could see were gypsies living in them . 
  those are historic buildings , where some great people lived in long ago , and today always on a brink of cracking up even further , or worse , if a greater earthquake is taking place . 
  those are not safe to live in at all , and also should be preserved for historical reasons . 
  the article should have made this more clear , it was for good reasons those were empty houses to begin with . 
  just because it was empty , it was n't for you to take it , and now complain they push you out . 
  everything in school had something to do with greeks , being that physics , mathematics , history or philosophy . 
  there is a fair share of greek food made here ( greek salad still pretty common ) , our religion was highly influenced by them , even have some greek churches over here . 
  greece is the place where lots of people from my country choose to spend their summer vacation . 
  i do n't know , lots of stuff ... 
  well , i was thinking that too but then i remembered [ one of the reasons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita ) for the last place . 
  at some point in time , long long time ago ... since most european languages are named indo-europeans . 
  true but they do have some official data to work with . 
  when i was remaking my id , they asked to reconfirm if the religion is the same . 
  i was surprised since i never told them my religion , i 'm also not a religious person ( not even going formally to church for easter/christmas like many others , for the appearances ) , yet i confirmed the religion is still the same as i as born with ( which is what they asked me ) . 
   semantics debate i 'm only showing written facts and what people believed in those times . 
  it 's not my personal interpretation . 
  at least on wiki ( which i linked ) it 's a history written by all sides . 
  go on with what ? 
  it 's a pointless thing to argue about territory , especially nowadays . 
  the past was different but today in europe every country is a free country ( hopefully ) , nobody is under the oppression of others , to start wars and what not . 
  not long ago , the example of moldova was brought up .
