  getting something other than prepaid cards means you need residency in that country . 
  and because the technology is more accessible with every year , they can lower the price a lot more , but they agree among themselves to keep some minimum price . 
  at least trump believes he is doing the best for his country , by putting america first in his opinion . 
  these corrupt politicians we have are only saying , my pockets first , rest of the country can go eff itself . 
  the majority did n't vote at all , around 60 % . 
  they won with around 20 % . 
  certainly i do n't see how it would be wanted for its milk . 
  some went with castles , others with cattle , each with their own . 
  they were almost extinct so i do n't know if anyone is allowed by law to kill them . 
  when have some in romania , we call them zimbru/zimbri , which is basically translated in english as european bison . 
  no it is not . 
  in fact there are combs for cattle . 
  i guess brexit happened , free spot in eu , first one to claim that spot . 
  something almost like [ dacia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dacia ) map ? 
  nice , but two of them looks like a palace and not castle . 
  i guess it 's because you did n't provide an english translation as well . 
  just guessing but i do n't see other reasons . 
  is it hard to search corvin castle on google ? 
  i 'll take the opportunity to show more shots of the corvin castle , and a collection of more known and visited castles by foreigners . 
  part of the interior http://imgur.com/a/slgww, 
  since the trend is to do fortresses and not really castles , i made a collection of few romanian fortresses : http://imgur.com/a/gxoo1, 
  yea , the stands outside are part of the cringe fest i was talking about . 
  disappointing that fellow romanians like to perpetuate the lie . 
  well , the foreign people invented the myth , they are also the ones getting disappointed . 
  what is happening outside is like a cringe fest imo , but i guess they figured out it 's good for business so they went along with the idea . 
  not really in that way , in terms of hair buns . 
  the hairstyle you are looking for is called something like hun ( half bun ) hairstyle but was kinda poorly executed in this video . 
  i think it was popular among some american pop stars , and girls went with that trend for a while . 
  it seems like the short hair persisted for quite some time . 
  found something similar from my country : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mi_dcjpxvv0, 
  might not be against reddit rules but its content goes against our intelligence . 
  not many people know roma people are a minority in most european country , including romania , the country that is targeted repeatedly in this article . 
  roma or romani people as they call themselves ( gypsies ) should not be confused with romanians . 
  yes , they are among romanians as well they represent like 3.3 % of population . 
  then the article goes as far as stating  ** \u0160uto orizari in romania ** is the largest roma settlement in the world . 
  that is not even written in romanian alphabet , not a romanian name . 
  even more , this place is in macedonia . 
  i do n't know what else to say , these kind of articles only insult our intelligence . 
  they did both , i mean they slowly moved some of them to remote places and moved others to some natural parks . 
  mostly true . 
  i live not far from the place where this was filmed . 
  bears around town are n't really aggressive , unless really provoked . 
  the ones i 've seen on the upper side of the mountains are indeed aggressive . 
  now it 's not really much of a problem , in the last years they slowly moved them to other places since people were complaining . 
   experts say they wo n't attack unless provoked . 
  [ they are quite inoffensive . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfp7ujhlmv4&amp;t=2m50s ), 
  i think the only thing stopping us drinking more is actually money . 
  i could be wrong but i think the pics depict mostly the times around ' 91 ? 
  i see similarities ( buses , food , street shops etc ) with what was after our revolution . 
  well , there are not set rules like that . 
  if you want to get even more confused , the base root of the word is cretin ( singular , masculine ) and the equivalent feminine ( singular ) form is cretina , but in the case above ( vocative ) , the masculine form is cretinule ( singular ) and the feminine ( singular ) form is cretino . 
  i put singular there because all the words look different at plural . 
  as you can see , there is no fun in learning romanian . 
   almost 9 % gypsies ( probably the county with the highest % of gypsies in the entire romania ) probably the same amount in calarasi . 
  anyway , people are not aware but most amount of gypsies in romania are in quite different cities in transylvania . 
  the difference is , they are kinda different from the ones in the south . 
  it 's actually true and now it 's fueled from both sides , both romanians and magyars . 
  this was n't even an issue some decades ago but i guess with time the political parties fueled both sides with b/s propaganda . 
  when i moved in south of the romania , where magyars do n't live , i was surprised ( negatively ) about how much propaganda and hate there is towards magyars from transylvania . 
  i was accused many times that i 'm a magyar or a lost cause , just because i do n't see their point of view , that i do n't have reasons to hate them . 
  i grew up with magyar friends , never had any conflicts , for us it was all natural , but the people in south of romania are so passionate about this , and of course gypsies . 
  it 's truly depressing and disappointing in the same time . 
   there are historic proofs that the romans set foot in dacia / present day romania before any asians , so idk what you want to debate . 
  what ? 
  there have been migrations from asia ( especially modern day india and pakistan ) to europe since like nine thousands years ago . 
  other big migrations occurred like four thousands years ago and continued for another few thousands years . 
  indo-european languages and people existed way before romans and latin existed . 
  yea , most of them changed color in the mean time , compared with the new arrivals . 
  not only . 
  while in romania common people usually says grecia ( or rarely republica elena ) you often see the use of the name eleni ( plural ) / elena in written literature/documentaries/history when referring to greeks , modern ones too but especially the historic ones . 
  somewhere the h was dropped but i think the meaning is the same . 
  you are not wrong from the point of view of someone who only lives in the city and have all the facilities and whatnot . 
  however , living with my grandparents in a village , when i was very young , i can tell you that people there do n't know what boredom is , they do n't know what stress is , or be as impatient or depressed like us living in big cities . 
  they do n't see things the way you see the . 
  my grandparents did n't even own a tv back then and i never missed , since i enjoyed going into the woods , going to fish at a lake or go to swim in the river , play with friends or visiting them . 
  it 's a very simple life indeed but you can enjoy nature as it is every day and find it fascinating , people seems to have plenty of stories when you meet them . 
  it 's just so different , you ca n't really compare . 
  well , in my defense , just because you did n't hear hear it , it does n't really mean it 's bullshit . 
  like i explained to the other guy , it must be an older thing ( since our communist times ) because nowadays people call them whatever while in the past i knew what someone is referring to ( even if the names are synonyms ) . 
  plenty of magyars around here too ( friends and colleges , in brasov ) and the neighbor city i visited a lot ( covasna ) . 
  be glad they do n't call you like in the south ( like i hear it plenty of times in bucharest ) . 
  probably an older thing most likely since nowadays it seems to be less of a distinction . 
  i 'm not as old ( only forty ) but in the past if you told me ( me = common ignorant romanian ) the names ( ungur/maghiar/secui ) i would know exactly which one you are referring to ( secui is still distinctive ) . 
  seems the younger ones just call them whatever . 
  now that you mentioned transylvanian saxons , i do see it is shortly explained in the beginning of the wiki page : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transylvanian_saxons  the transylvanian saxons ( german : siebenb\u00fcrger sachsen ; romanian : sa\u0219i transilvani ; hungarian : erd\u00e9lyi sz\u00e1szok ) are a people of german ethnicity who settled in transylvania ( german : siebenb\u00fcrgen ) from the mid 12th century onwards . 
   the colonization of transylvania by germans was begun by king g\u00e9za ii of hungary ( 1141 -- 1162 ) . 
  for decades , the main task of the german settlers was to defend the southeastern border of the kingdom of hungary . 
  the colonization continued until the end of the 13th century . 
  ** although the colonists came mostly from the western holy roman empire and generally spoke franconian dialects , they were collectively known as saxons because of germans working for the hungarian chancellery ** . 
  yes , ( same as saxons are germans ) but here we distinguish them from the actual hungarians ( ungur in romanian ) by naming them like that . 
  i had quite some colleges and friends that have been of both ethnicity i mentioned and some know their language but they never been outside of romania . 
  they are from ethnics that came here centuries ago , therefore we distinguish them as we can from the native hungarians/germans from the respective countries . 
  it 's not . 
  we think that is french ( because of the name ) or something but only because the guy who brought it to the whole europe o is belgian , and he got it from russia . 
  sarma is originally from turkey , spread through all the balkans till poland . 
  same with other known dishes , and that mostly because of ottoman empire and other big empires . 
  for example zacusca , it is in the whole balkans , or the grilled meat we call mititei/mici . 
  if you are in south you say rachiu ( same as our south slavs ) , if you are in transylvania you say palinca , same as hungarians . 
  anything related to pork in transylvania is learned from saxons/germans .
