   oh boy ... correct in doing so . 
  what the hell does this even mean ? 
  toronto is the largest ukrainian city in the western world you moron . 
  what does `` correct in doing so '' even mean regards to laughing at that ? 
  i mean some of us actually * give a shit * about people who are being repressed , their lands stolen , their families torn apart and their futures mortgaged against the imperialistic desires of one jingoist old russian . 
  but i mean , nah , you 've said vatnik * twice . 
  * i 'm sure you 're taking this seriously . 
   your friends ... but i have n't . 
  what the everloving fuck does judaism have to do with a slavic/orthodox country invading a slavic/orthodox country ? 
  * reaches inappropriately close to you * ^ hail ^ hydra, 
  i dunno , there 's barely any * clouds * , i ca n't even * see * the rain ... 
  i give it a solid b + . 
  i would n't . 
  well if we 've got to be miserable , they should be too . 
  reminds me of the russian pics that came out a year that depicted an heroic russian knight standing side-by-side with his chinese buddy against the horrible , multi-headed eu/nato/japan monster . 
  what 's the shipping like for an aircraft carrier ? 
   pff , only because the topic was gorbachov , not shevardnadze . 
  i have underlined from the beginning that the article brings forward contradicting views and my conclusion was not that there was a promise but that we ca n't say there was n't one given the evidence pointing to the opposite . 
  a throwaway line in one article is not sufficient source for a groundbreaking legal , poltiical , diplomatic , military and economic document that would have immeasruable effect on the eu , the states of the former warsaw pact and broader international relations in general . 
  the wealth of body of evidence shows that not only was there no such document , there was never even a discussion of the document . 
  this is borne through by a wealth of sources stating openly that there was no such discussion ( including your chief witness , gorbachov himself ) , by the lack of existence of the document itself , and by the lack of polity based upon the theory of this phantom document throughout the past quarter-century . 
  it 's rational to assume it was purely a fiction , for the sheer dearth of evidence against it . 
   it is blatantly obvious that there never was any formal agreement . 
  that there was a promise is not blatantly obvious because gorbachov says in the same interview that the expansion of nato was against the spirit of the negotiations . 
  and he is then quoted - and other people corroborate the opinon that - there was never any discussion . 
  perhaps his idea of `` the spirit of negotiations '' pressupposed an understanding that other diplomats simply did n't have . 
  it 's impossible to say , but given the weakened position russia found itself in at the time , seems extremely likely . 
  nato had little reason to accede to or even entertain any demands by a fading diplomat from a crumbling power that they had been at odds with for a half-century . 
   he was the man that put an end to a corrupt totalitarian and amoral empire and you are calling him corrupt and amoral ? 
  start a post in / r/russia and ask their opinions of gorbachov . 
  i 'm no friend of that subreddit but even i 'm fairly confident of the answer . 
  and do not try to paint him as a slayer of dragons , he was the head of a moribund alliance that was destroyed partly because of his policies of glasnost and perestroika , yes , which are remembered in russia with mixed sentiment . 
   i can understand that someone who has lived through the nineties and was very attached to the soviet union paints him as a traitor or at least a very naieve man . 
  but you as a putin critic ? 
  that 's their interpretation , not mine . 
   and gorbachov has always done his best to appear western , not cater to putin 's crowd . 
  gorbachov is a politician who courts public sentiment , and apparently 93 % of all russians love vladimir putin and everything he does , so what is a fallen star in exile to say ? 
  why you try to frame this against what he said before putin had ever even risen to power is beyond me ; he said what he said then for the same reason that he came out in defence of putin 's policies over the past year - because it was the only way he could retain relevancy . 
  anyway , i 'm done with this . 
  if you want to go on believing there was a phantom understanding without providing any proof , go ahead . 
   i accept a measure of abuse of self determination ideals by russia , but in my opinion nothing worrying given the circumstances of the ukrainian `` state '' at the time . 
  aside from the abuse of the theory of seld-determination for the sake of propagandistic land-grabbing , it is entirely illegal to invade a non-aggressive neighbour and annex their land , rigged-referendum or not . 
  russia 's invasion of ukraine ( and it 's earlier annexation of georgian lands , which will now be thrown into relief ) are empirically illegal under any established law and have been [ deemed illegal by the un . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_general_assembly_resolution_68/39 ) this is , legally and morally , an open and shut case . 
   and are you any better then ? 
  you do not want to take a stand against an inhumane murderous ideology which highjacks a faith , out of fear of being a bigot . 
  based on what evidence ? 
  calling you out for your bigotry does not mean i am either pro-or-anti islamist . 
  it just means we know what you are . 
   and then you revel in seeing the right to self determination trampled on , merely because it services your anti putin agenda . 
  speaking as an irishman living most of his life in northern ireland i find this throwaway propaganda shameless . 
  putin does not care about the self-determination of crimeans , ukrainians or russians . 
  he does not care about crimea tartars at all . 
  he does not care about chechnyans . 
  if he did he would provide mechanisms for self-determination and secession from the rufed for them all . 
  he 'd have allowed the new government in ukraine to take power and then hold legitimate , uncontestable referendums in crimea and the donbas that by all accounts would have gained increased autonomy for these regions , or perhaps even secession . 
  but that 's not what he did and that 's not what he 's interested in . 
  he just wants drones that fit his view of what a good , obedient russian should be while he continues his unconstitutional 15-year reign as president/pm . 
  and then you sit there and have the temerity to accuse anyone else of , first of all , cherry-picking history while you are practicing this hypocrisy , and secondly of `` trampling on the right to self-determination '' ? 
  do you think you 're back in high school in america where you can drop a few buzzwords and win an arguement ? 
  if so , allow me to present this very , * very * simply for you , taking all morality out of the equation : putin 's invasion of ukraine was illegal ; putin 's annexation of crimea was illegal ; putin 's invasion of georgia was tenuously legal ; putin 's annexation of ossetia and abkhazia was illegal ; the crimean parliament putin installed post-invasion had no authority to call the referendum ( in a week , for the determination of the future of the province , under armed guard , with the ballots already rigged ) . 
  i 'd like to assume you are better than this . 
  i 'd like to assume you 've got more to you than parroting propagandistic jingoisms , but you seem to have a basic misunderstanding of proving arguements given your posts in the gorbachov thread . 
   i do n't see how i 'm the bad guy for not diving head first in an us vs them story . 
  i 've got friends here in torotno who had to flee their homes in the donbas a year ago . 
  just because you 've only recently discovered this conflict does n't mean other people have n't been dealing with the fallout of it for a long , long time . 
  `` diving headfirst '' , i swear to god . 
  you may have been pleasantly ignorant of this conflict for a year now , but the rest of us have been learning about it for an extremely long time . 
   but shevardnadze does not fall in that category . 
  please . 
  i did not cherry pick part of a quote because i 'm not quoting the article from der spiegel , but the interview which you quoted ( a part of ) . 
  so i shall now quote it in full and ask you again to interpret the seemingly contradicting answer of gorbachov . 
  yes , and you are still cherry-picking history . 
  you literally picked part of a quote in your above post and left out the part that conflicted with your arguement . 
   gorbachev admits that there was never any promise to restrict eastward expansion . 
  if you are asking for my personal interpretation for whatever reason then i 'll give it to you . 
  the more important point is that it is blatantly obvious that there never was any promise . 
  now my interpretation as to why gorbachev said there was at once ? 
  the same reason he still lives in london and gives talks on his role in the collapse of the moribund ussr - he was a fading politician and a corrupt , amoral person , desperate to save face and retain relevancy in a political world that was moving beyond him one way or another . 
  i think hating people based on their religion or faith-based-polity falls pretty squarely under the purview of bigotry . 
  and if you 're fine with that * and * supporting a tyrant abuse the good name of self-determination to land-grab and subsume free-states into his dreamscape empire then you are exactly who i thought you were . 
  you obviously have an opinion on andrew bacevich seeing as you are trying to convince others that he is not to be trusted when criticizing your cherry-picked historian . 
  the facts are not to your liking , so you cherry-pick them and then accuse others of your own hypocrisy . 
  the same as you 've been doing with all your posts today . 
  and again you show yourself to be a hypocrite by cherry-picking even parts of a quote . 
  here it is in full , for the third and final time that i am going to waste on you :  the various players involved have different versions of events . 
  of course there was a promise not to expand nato `` as much as a thumb 's width further to the east , '' mikhail gorbachev , the soviet president at the time , says in moscow today . 
  ** however , gorbachev 's former foreign minister , eduard shevardnadze , speaking in the georgian capital tbilisi , says that there were no such assurances from the west . 
  ** corroborated with this :  the topic of `` nato expansion '' was not discussed at all , and it was n't brought up in those years . 
  i say this with full responsibility . 
  not a single eastern european country raised the issue , not even after the warsaw pact ceased to exist in 1991 . 
  western leaders did n't bring it up , either . 
  source 1 and 2 corroborated by over two decades of central and eastern european nations joining nato . 
  your agreement is a myth , as is any `` understanding . '', 
  i 'm not suggesting what did happen , but it seems obvious your one , soul article in der spiegel is not enough to persuade any rational person of an arguement that was most likely one fading political star trying to save face . 
  [ bigotry ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bigotry ) does not just apply to irrational hatred of religion . 
  i 'm sure everyone in the world supports the right to self-determination . 
  however you are supporting a regime that denies that right to the people of crimea and the people of donbas and the people of ukraine as a whole by not only invading their country and financing and leading a military insurgency under the guise of independentism , but by tarring the name of self-determination with their own pre-rigged , illegal referendum movements with the sole aim of land-grabbing to suit one fascist 's ego . 
  nobody is interested in your opinion on andrew bacevich . 
  your inability to handle his criticism of your cherry-picked historian is much more educational on you .
