  they 've shown they are not interested in peace-treaties and are willing to help cover-up atrocities like the mh17 shooting by the rebels . 
  they 've shown they are willing to continue this insurgency until they get what they want . 
  they are n't acting in good faith and are not to be trusted . 
  until the international community steps in with military force to end this contra-esque insurgency and secure the border in the east , no peace treaties can work . 
  well that 's * bafflingly * fucked up . 
  and speaking as an ulsterman and an irish nationalist who 's spent a lot of time abroad , i appreciate the fact that it 's a hard lesson that many still have n't learned . 
  yet you talk about czechslovakia ? 
  have the integrity not to move goalposts to suit your arguement . 
  russia 's action have set this entire crisis in motion and perpetuate the current status quo . 
  if you argue that their actions mean the normally content donbas should secede from ukraine then you are arguing that konigsberg be returned to germany and st petersburg to sweden and karelia to finland and chechnya it 's independence . 
  without the aid given - and i do n't mean the western front here , i mean the enormous amount of supplies and hardware - to the ussr by the us and uk his country would 've collapsed under him . 
  the survival of the ussr and the eastern front was too important to leave to him . 
  i just do n't understand this beyond misplaced nationalism . 
  answer the question . 
  if your arms , armaments , and military personnel personnel remain in a foreign nation lending support , training and direction to the rebellion you fomented to cloak your contra then you are n't sincere in your dealings and should not be treated as such . 
  russia has negative credibility on this issue . 
  an international peacekeeping force is the only proper answer to securing peace for ukraine and closing the bleeding border to russia to ensure they stop their clandestine actions . 
  a partisan account . 
  the berkut [ were ordered to fire upon the civilians ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euromaidan#investigation_into_shooters.2fsnipers ) after yanukovych 's previous attempt at a crackdown - passing autocratic anti-protest legislation - failed . 
  what is this nonsense ? 
  i 've told you repeatedly there is no legal mechanism for secession and your only response is an appeal to emotion ? 
  shall russia return chechnya to independance , konigsberg to germany , karelia to finland and st petersburg to sweden ? 
  strict and legal guidelines passed years after peaceful referendums , not a contra mission masquerading as political insurrection . 
  the donbas never held any such referendums or any such protests . 
  they voted for yanukovych , and they voted for poroshenko . 
  this is an outside player taking advantage of political and ethnic differences . 
  and to reiterate , ukraine , like almost every of the 150 + states on a earth , has no legal mechanism for secession . 
  it is , indeed , a post-soviet state , but unlike czechslovakia the donbas has no complex and lengthy history of being its own duchy , kingdom or otherwise separate body . 
  here i am , shedding a tear for the police who fired on the people they were supposed to protect . 
  and to re-iterate : political differences do not legalize illegal actions . 
  that 's an awful lot if words to say `` no . '', 
  and if the answer is no , then russia never had any intention of honouring the agreement , and so until there are peacekeepers on the ground enforcing it , it 's useless . 
  i would honestly appreciate a point-by-point breakdown of the key issues of this document , because every time someone explains it to me i seem to hear something new . 
  i was never terribly clear on why stalin was less reviled than hitler or mussolini , considering his saving grace was that through uncountable loss of life he held one of the most oppressive , systemically corrupt states in modern history together . 
  east timor was a post-colonial state that had been repeatedly invaded by indonesia . 
  quebec held two unsuccessful provincial referendums but there remains no legal mechanism in canadian law that permits secession , and that has always been the narrative from ottawa regardless of montreal 's provincial politics . 
  south sudan passed through extraordinary referendum under international pressure and has remained a state in chaos since secession . 
  bangladesh was a post-colonial state . 
  pakistan and india were post-colonial states . 
  the bloodless velvet divorce of czechslovakia was the separation of a post-soviet state . 
  these are exceptions spread out over a hundred years , and do not change the legality if the issue . 
  just means your ears have adapted to survive our assault . 
  that 's both absurd and dishonest . 
  never mind the fact that yanukovych ordered the berkut to open fire upon his people and tried to ban all protests , the insurgency in the donbas was both militarized from the start and came immediately after the russian invasion of crimea , which made everyone justly nervous . 
  and , to re-iterate : political differences do not legalize illegal actions . 
  ** not as good as us , fuckers **, 
  political differences do not legalize illegal actions . 
  the american south can attest to that . 
  have russia removed all their military arms , armaments , personnel and support from ukraine , yes or no . 
  that would be me bucking the stereotype , would n't it ? 
  there is no state on earth that allows for secession , that 's why last year 's scottish referendum was so closely scrutinized and so widely praised . 
  furthermore , while the east identifies as * ethnically * russian , this is entirely separate from being * nationally * russian . 
  even furthermore , unlike crimea there was no pre-existing history of secessionism , however tenuous , and looking at the election history of the east , every province that could vote , voted for poroshenko . 
  despite what you may believe , this is a problem of russian manufacture . 
  there is no greater difference including political and ethnic make-up between east and west ukraine than there is between north and south italy or spain and catalonia . 
  the difference is an aggressive neighbouring state is taking advantage of existing differences for it 's own benefit . 
  we are stable , rich and lawful . 
  i would also like us to be able to say we so the right thing . 
  it will be in our interest in future when the massive agrarian , industrialized nation that ukraine is deals with its corruption and infrastructure problems and joins the eu . 
  going forward ukraine can be as much of a successful transformation story as poland is now , with the added benefit of an important strategic and resource position . 
  so you ca n't answer the question , so we 've nothing to talk about , do we ? 
  if you ca n't even answer that simple question , how can peace talks possibly proceed when russia refuses to honour them by removing its arms , armaments , military personnel and military support from ukraine ? 
  when the russians have moved their military support out of ukraine in the terms of arms , armament , military personnel and coordination and logistic support , then meaningful debate can begin . 
  no peace can be had when russia has no intention of honouring it . 
  i * have * taken pains to disguise my true intent very well . 
  wrong . 
  article 5 does not discriminate between an attack on a member state or a member state 's presence abroad for this exact reason . 
  it is purposefully broad and open in its definition to make it easy to trigger and to dissuade attacks on nations under upit 's umbrella . 
  answer the question please . 
  it 's not me doing it , sally sensitive . 
  either respect the agreement or do n't . 
  personally speaking i never saw any point in it because russia would never honour it and , sure enough , they have n't . 
  until the eu or nato shows them a stern hand they 'll continue with their invasion and contra style insurgency to topple elected governments ,, 
  i 'm sorry , has all russian arms , armaments , military personnel and military support been removed from ukraine and nobody told us about it ? 
  and as independent of hdi or personal freedoms or immigration or what have you , your interpretation of * `` best demographics '' * means what ? 
  they 've removed russian artillery from the front lines . 
  they have not removed russian arms , armaments , military personnel and support from ukraine . 
  i 'm staggered that you 've decided to continue with this , so i 'll start with * `` the best demographics '' * ? 
  i think discreet political deference to russian concerns was always at least a factor to them and russia , but the putin regime has manage to frame that debate in a very pro-nato light . 
  i 'll allow a country to deal with the invasion it 's suffering and contra - style insurgency before i worry about it 's stephen harper-esque president . 
  the opinions of an apologist in defending an illegal invasion . 
  you 've repeatedly said you respected the treaty or did n't respect . 
  you can only do one , which is it ? 
  sorry , couple things - * russian arms , armaments and military support have not been withdrawn from ukraine in violation of minsk 1 and 2 . 
  that 's worth repeating . 
  * if america * were * counting on escalation then that 'd mean they 'd be willing to put boots on the ground in ukraine , at which point the russian military support suddenly dries up and the rebels are crushed in short order . 
  * there was no point to minsk 1 or 2 because the key belligerent , russia , did n't intend to honour them , so a minsk 3 would only hamstring ukraine further . 
  no third iteration would matter without western military intervention to ensure it is honoured and the border with russia secured . 
  because you 've made a shoddy arguement filled with holes but are still defending it ferociously . 
  also i 'm not sure why we 'd be asking a canadian to donate his tax dollars . 
  okay champ . 
  i 'm using incredulity to express astonishment at your cherry-picking . 
  let 's not conflate `` russia '' with the putin regime here , because quite clearly does not care about the other . 
  actually the presumed escalation is increased military aid as opposed to more sanctions , which seem to be assigned independently of minsk . 
  now you 're just contradicting yourself ,, 
  russian arms , armament and military support has yet to be removed from ukraine as per minsk 1 and 2 . 
  chill out lads . 
  heated words being passed around here , simmer down a little . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  it 's not your country .
