  i 'm legitimately asking for a source here . 
   but i 'm ... normalization . 
  allright . 
   meanwhile ... reality . 
  both you and i know that * is * an exaggeration . 
  this is me letting it slide because it 's not going to get us anywhere . 
  people died in horrible circumstances in odessa on both sides , [ most horribly those who died in the building fire and the fighting around it . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2_may_2014_odessa_clashes#casualties ) the rest of that paragraph is exaggerated soundbites . 
   you ca n't point your finger at the new crimean rulers but close your eyes for what is happening in ukraine . 
  that 's simply hypocritical . 
  who is doing that ? 
   i do not ... bigot !, 
  perhaps instead of trying to argue against accusations of bigotry through absurdity , just do n't say statements like `` i hate islamists '' in future ? 
  i 'm sure you 'd be happier at home than hunkering down with kony in 2012 or any other year , and i 'm sure you 're not a drooling bigot at the end of the day . 
   i hate ethnic nationalism to the core , i thought that was clear by now . 
  it 's not , considering it 's what russia 's narrative for it 's war is and you appeared to be supporting that and , in your own words , mocking ukraine . 
   you assure ... was n't . 
  there is no dissolution of the rule of law without a permanent dissolution of the government and the state itself . 
  this did n't happen : legal procedure was followed perfectly by kiev . 
   if you 're ... all that . 
  an interim government 's chief duty is to see that a full government is elected as soon as possible . 
  i 've no idea what you 're talking about apart from that . 
   with every ... autonomous no , actually . 
  when ukraine declared it 's independance , crimea remained a province of ukraine . 
  that is why they had two referendums in the early 90s on increased autonomy . 
  beyond this there were brief stretches in [ crimea 's history ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_crimea ) where it was n't a part of the ussr , the russian empire , a mongol khanate , kievan ' rus , the principality of novgorod , rome , greece and i 'm sure i 've forgotten a few venetians and maybe even a brief stint under the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  there is zero legality to what russia is doing . 
  legally , and internationally , crimea is ukrainian still . 
   they 'll survive ... 
  surviving can be done without their economy . 
  aside from whatever this extended crisis may bring , russia desperately needs a government that can understand and diversify their economy , or a truly monumental collapse is coming for them . 
   you ... law . 
  you 're going to have to explain to me what this means . 
  a dictator enacts oppressive legislation to disband public protests while 40,000 of his citizens just happen to be protesting against him , fuelled by the perception of `` widespread government corruption '' , `` abuse of power '' , and `` violation of human rights in ukraine '' , and then [ orders his berkut to open fire on them , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euromaidan#investigation_into_shooters.2fsnipers ) so ... you blame * the opposition ? 
  *  you know something , when you were cheering for your little anarchists do n't try and smear people brave enough to take a stand for their lives against a corrupt government as anarchists . 
  these people are braver and stronger than you will ever be . 
   i prayed ... hasbro . 
  it 's not a civil war . 
  it 's an invasion maskerading as an intra-state conflict making use of political sentiment and endless , remorseless , shameless propaganda . 
  tiresome propaganda . 
  the people of ukraine had every right to protest their president , had every right to expect their lives not to be taken for it , and had every right to expect him to answer for his crimes in court . 
  instead the butcher fled , abandoning his office and leaving his own government to pick up the pieces . 
   good laws and international treaties are worth the paper they were written on when nobody puts them into practice . 
  explain this flowery statement . 
   when their only use is for smartasses on the internet and some cunts in the un , or leaders of russia or ukraine to justify their latest move in risk by hasbro . 
  or for children to thrash and moan against the boundaries of the law because the world is n't just the way they want it . 
  you act within the law or not at all . 
  you do not change the law to suppress political protest . 
  you do not open fire on those protesters . 
  you do not flee in the night to the man in moscow who paid you . 
  you do not invade a land for fear of losing your military base there . 
  you do not instigate an insurgency under the premise of illegal secession . 
  you do not discriminate against those under your power . 
  and you do n't demean those who are strong enough to take a stand because of your own petulance . 
   i 'm a certified historian , i know what a source is you arrogant smartass . 
  this is a reddit post , not a dissertation . 
  welcome to reddit . 
  here we expect sources if you want to be taken seriously . 
  if you do n't , / r/doctorwho is right over there . 
  ** and if you start this thread by calling me a liar then you damn well better have some good sources on you . 
  **  you ... year . 
  first of all , its * norn iron . 
  * secondly , i 'm giving context to my own experiences so people can better understand me and where my arguement is coming from . 
  thirdly , i 'm letting it be known i 've a personal attachment to this conflict through my friends . 
  finally , i 'm letting you know that you have to do better than stating that you believe laws can be broken because the government is changing , which was so absurd a sentence it took me a minute to correctly parse it . 
   neither ... congratulations . 
  let me be very , * very * clear : you drew me into this conversation by calling me a liar and offering ** nothing ** to substantiate your claims . 
  if you want to defame me on this topic you had better be able to argue your opinion better than that . 
  i would much rather have a civil conversation with a rational , knowledgeable person who can source her arguments and concede with grace than a proud , ignorant child who ca n't substantiate her own claims , so let 's try and wipe the slate clean . 
  if you 're honestly interested in staying here for long and commenting on these topics as they 'd appear as opposed to just being a jingoist then i 'd much rather we be civil to each other . 
  of course not , and it was stupid of moscow to threaten action in the first place . 
  that would be a huge amount , in all fairness . 
   because japan , s korea , poland , w. germany , baltics , etc. 
  are all horrible examples , they are all countries that were naturally going to do better anyways so it had nothing to do with the west . 
  got any way to back that up ? 
   russia 's just getting held down by usa oh for - russia 's being held down by incompetent leadership . 
  2 finance ministers in a row ( including the man who helped them out from the catastrophe of the 90s ) have pleaded repeatedly to diversify away from a dangerous overdependance on oil and gas . 
  one was fired and the other is apparently now a pariah at the kremlin . 
  and it serves as a good reminder of the long reach those decisions can have . 
  14 years on from 9/11 and guantanamo is still open and the patriot sunsets extension act has been signed by a supposedly progressive president . 
  that looks really nice , actually . 
  edit : oh forget it . 
  it 's apparent you are literally a highschooler and i 'm not going to waste more time playing with you , so i 'll break down what i wrote for you . 
  * the libyan intervention saved hundreds of thousands of lives in the collapsing state . 
  you would only oppose this because to do so supports political solidarity with russia now . 
  * sentences in your text conflict with each other and the overall message is a vague sentiment that ukraine is getting what it deserves by having russia invade it , which is legally and morally reprehensible . 
  * i 've not accused you of being pro-russian , i 've accused you of being ignorant and of supporting the actions of dictators . 
  putin is not russia . 
  like many apologists for the putin regime , you then try to paint your opponnents as russophobes , which is shameless hypocrisy . 
  * invasion is invasion . 
  illegal is illegal . 
  * your opinions lack any and all sources . 
  note for future : source or it 's nonsense . 
  i 've provided several sources of minorities being abused . 
  * ukraine legally and peacefully giving rights to tartars is wrong , but russia invading and burning their buildings is fine . 
  then you make it sound like you are cheering for a football team and you want me to cheer for the other one . 
  putin is not russia , as much as you want him to be . 
  smear tactics , though , how very american of you . 
  * you hate people you 've never meet based on their faith and faith-based polity . 
  you are a bigot .
