  most of the reasons that the city is turning on the eu is because it is enacting legislation designed to curb unpopular banking practices , while the uk has done nothing of the sort because the city is far , far too important to it . 
  it 's a strawman , i do n't have to . 
  it 's a nonsense arguement appealing to emotions . 
  certain countries would appreciate the stand of solidarity but the empirical take away is that a major power reneged on an agreement with a trade partner ( however unpopular it currently is ) * after * payment . 
  it would then have to deal with the fallout of this decision for a * long * time while those neighbours that cheered it 's moral stance grow sick of hearing about it over the years , and meanwhile it now has a small fleet of warships sitting in the med needing constant upkeep and maintenance that nobody will pay market value for . 
  i 'm trying to explain to you why being a reliable trade partner is important while having to weather the fact that dealing with russia is unpopular in the current political climate , and you are constructing a strawman to try and dismantle the point, 
  the deal to manufacture and sell the warships to russia was probably signed over 10 years ago . 
  the ships were all but completed by the time russia invaded crimea . 
  no-one is arguing that is n't wrong , but france gains nothing by not providing it except negative capital on the diplomatic stage , and russia is still unlikely to use these ships against * any * nation , ukraine or otherwise . 
  i 'm not arguing that that was n't wrong . 
  yes it did but that 's not the arguement . 
  * crickets *, 
  moreso , both sides recognize this and that is why those jets are n't met with countermeasures as soon as they are detected . 
  what are you arguing here ? 
  the thrust of the original debate was that some felt that france is essentially empowering it 's own enemy by giving them warships that could be used against it , and at the very least divide a united front against a common foe . 
  the opposition argued that regardless of the above russia is a paper tiger with not enough resources to effectively wage war against major powers like france , germany or the uk , the engine that drives the eu . 
  the state of affairs in ukraine is not being debated here . 
  then you do n't understand international trade and relations on the most basic level . 
  you make good on your word , period . 
  particularly if it 's already been paid for . 
  if you devalue your word you end up looking like north korea does . 
   http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/nato-s-eastward-expansion-did-the-west-break-its-promise-to-moscow-a-663315.html this is not a written agreement , nor does the article cite any . 
  during the nato summit in bucharest , the map was supposed to be approved for these two countries . 
  usa insisted on it . 
  it was not approved , however , because merkel and sarkozy insisted on them not joining in the near future . 
  georgia wanted to join to protect south ossetia and abkhazia . 
  my mistake , i was thinking about ukraine 's attempts to join the eu instead of nato . 
   you know , that armed invasion happened when ukraine turned pro-eu . 
  and you can also ask the same question to the iraqi and afghan people ( and even serbian to an extent ) ... or libyan , or egyptian ... you bring democracy and peace ? 
  with bombs . 
  how many lives did all those nations sacrificed in order to succumb to the `` better way '' of western europe ? 
  ukraine could turn pro-martian and it does not give russia cassus beli to invade it . 
  ukraine 's politics , policies and diplomatic and trade relations are it 's own and not for the kremlin to dictate through bribery or military force . 
  all that russia has accomplished is ukranian deaths , the theft of their land and the dismemberment of moscow 's political capital on the world stage , forcing it to make unfavourable deals with china and seek ties with pariah nations . 
   no reason ? 
  how about the agreement you signed saying that eastern european countries will not join nato ? 
  ... are you serious ? 
  there was none . 
  there is no piece of paper on this earth that says eastern european countries in general and former warsaw pact nations in particular will not be permitted to join nato . 
   ukraine and georgia both tried to join nato in 2008 , but they were practically denied entry because of germany and france . 
  all that happened in 2008 was another round of ongoing negotiations and a standoff on visa-free travel administration . 
   how about an enormous discount on gas and billions of russian dollars ? 
  how about them ? 
  how much money did they pay yanukovych while he was president ? 
  how much money justifies armed invasion and land-theft ? 
  how many rubles validate armed insurrection and ukranian blood on ukranian soil ? 
   except one is more preferred than another . 
  you 're blind to see otherwise . 
  rt gets posted ** significantly ** more often than rferl . 
   i do n't want russian propaganda here . 
  implying that is dumb as fuck , which is ironic coming from someone who opened this conversation with `` do n't be fucking stupid '' . 
  i just do n't want this trend of `` dae think every single thing russia does is pure evil and they are literally hitler '' to continue , because that 's what about 90 % of the shit posted in this sub is in regards to russia . 
  generally if a country invades a peaceful neighbour and seems to foment unrest in it while waging a propaganda war it 's dealing with some negative perception capital for a while . 
  the reality is the putin administration is going to have to deal with the fallout for this just as long as the us has had to for iraq . 
  if a spade is a spade , you call it a spade , you do n't bitch about it in all caps . 
  and secondly , nobody is dismissing russia as evil and literally hitler in every thread . 
  they 're reacting to stories , yes , but they are n't the strawmen you 've constucted to validate your stupid behaviour . 
   so you are denying rfe/rl is a propaganda source ? 
   i do n't need to imply anything . 
  rferl.org is regularly linked and upvoted here . 
  it is american propaganda . 
  deal with the fucking reality and stop being a dickhead about it . 
  it gets maybe a handful of votes , do n't start posting braindead comments about how one kind of propaganda is more preferred than another . 
  if you 'd prefer to see mindless rt threads upvoted feel free to check out / r/worldpolitics or / r/russia . 
  you are being fucking stupid because you are tarring people with a brush implying that they eat up american propaganda and eschew russian propaganda because this link gets upvotes . 
  see above for response . 
  and yet lavrov is in bulgaria today saying how eu deals should not be a barrier to doing business with russia : http://www.dnevnik.bg/bulgaria/2014/07/07/2338772_chlenstvoto_na_bulgariia_v_es_ne_triabva_da_prechi_na/, 
  such injustice . 
  he 's even using a guan-dao . 
  i 'm not sure about this whole bulgarian recasting at all . 
  what 's the basis for it ? 
  do n't be a fucking idiot . 
  the assumption is a bigger military and natural gas reserves allow you to project whatever diplomacy you like in your former sphere appears not to have been borne out . 
  there was no reason to deny membership to friendly , potentially econonomically prosperous nations who wished closer ties and defense . 
  as it has borne out , the fears of countries like poland of agression from their former master-state has been partly justified . 
  had ukraine joined nato and the eu when poland did they would not have lost crimea . 
  maintaining close ties with russia has gained them nothing , stagnated the economy and lost them much land . 
  getting angry because your neighbours join the homeowner 's society does n't mean you can annex their lawn . 
  no , generally speaking in international law and diplomatic relations memorandums are exactly as binding as every other piece of legislation signed between participating states . 
  it boils down to whether the word of the parties to the agreement are worth anything or not . 
  ve 'll b\u00f6rk every b\u00f6ne in your b\u00f6dy !, 
  the commenter is asking for equivalent treatment of washington 's `` soft power '' in france by the media - he 's not attempting to invalidate criticism of his own regime by pointing to another , he 's arguing for journalistic integrity . 
  that is a false equivalency in my book too . 
  i still do n't say this is enough to dismiss the thread for being rife with them though . 
  good boy . 
  now apply those terminologies to this siutation to prove your original quote of this thread being rife with whataboutisms and false equivalencies . 
  go on ahead . 
  good old trustworthy russia . 
  really earning it 's place in the civlized world , there , you guys . 
  get downvoted to oblivion , brainless russian shill . 
  the eu 's future is brighter without you . 
  this is the most hilarious shilling i 've heard today . 
  democracy is dying in europe but is strong in the tzardom of putinstan ? 
  get your weak shit out of here you hack russian shill . 
  did you think that if you said it first it would n't be used against you ? 
  i mean , you kind of demonstrated that you do n't understand what those words mean . 
  but i 'm sure you can prove me wrong . 
  * throws hands up in exasperation * rferl is not funded by the u.s. congress , you mong . 
  act 1 of the use is of course to turn the uk into a crater , i suppose . 
  well it would be nice if we had more people in westminster who were n't ultra-nationalistic oxbridge types who would face the reality that closer integration with an eu with them sharing the helm is much more perferable to pretending they are an island just floating off the coast of new england , but what can you do .
