   100 years ago marked the beginning of wwi and the decline of british domination . 
  that in no way answerrs my question , much as your previous response , to which i was here referring , in no way answered it . 
   as britain currently holds the biggest financial exchange on the planet clearly something must be right . 
  trade talks between the pm and china were welcomed so clearly china disagree 's with you . 
  britain * currently * holds the biggest financial exchange in the world , but we are dealing with a future where china is invested in expanding it 's own exchange in shanghai , and there are other centres to deal with if uk or the fragmented nations of europe do n't oblige china 's whims . 
  disregarding the fact that the city has a disproportionate impact on the rest of the country already and as a group of private bodies has no interests in the good of the citizens or the country as a whole , in a few years trade between china and the uk if the uk insists on a policy of isolation will be laughably one-sided . 
  there is little the uk can provide china that china ca n't get elsewhere . 
   i did not contend a point about international community . 
   by moving the goalposts you avoid defending your point , normally done when a person can not defend their point . 
  it 's exactly the same point ; a united european state . 
  how do we achieve this ? 
  we engage with the international community . 
  it 's pedantry . 
  you managed to explain what moving the goalposts means though ; i guess that means that 's what i did . 
   ironic as you are the one who introduced the word superstate to the conversation . 
  yes , that does make it ironic that you keep using the word allright . 
  til when measuring dicks germans do n't count the head . 
  that 's just poor urban planning , to be frank . 
  denmark not taking this shit seriously, 
   you do n't need a political union to form an economic union . 
  give me a good example of one lasting without the other . 
   the same way it has for the last 100 years ... is this a joke answer ? 
  the uk is n't protecting it 's interests * now * in the way that it did 100 years ago , when it was a dominant power in the world , nevermind in 20 years time when it will be a bit player . 
   no . . the uk could quiet comfortably build economic links to most of the upcoming powers though . 
  okay , let 's expand upon that ; what can britain offer that other nations ca n't , and why would n't nations like brazil , india and china , at this point in the future comfortably developed , grow their own economy without whatever britain would provide ? 
   you said superstate , not international community . 
  do n't change the goalposts . 
  do n't have a moan if you ca n't refute a point . 
   yes , i think you are judging the big 3 looking out for themselves as bad somehow because you are obsessed with the idea of a superstate . 
  well you keep dropping the word superstate so you assumedly believe i 'm a big bad man who wants the men in black coats to come and take all your pounds , guineas and close-harmony choirs away . 
  that 's the * same arguement . 
  and in the future , when the balance of world power has shifted towards china , india , brazil and others will less favourable views towards the small nations of europe and less close economic and political ties , how will the mighty uk protect it 's people and interests on the world stage ? 
  the might of the city and the interests of it 's bankers for cardiff ? 
  we 'll place our faith there instead of growing an international community , shall we ? 
  that worked well before . 
  of course this is me being nice and ignoring such bizarre statements appearing out of thin air as `` i am prejudiced by my vision of an eu superstate . '', 
  if you ca n't see the difference between admitting a state of 40 million christians with a culture and economy centred on europe and a state of 80 million muslims with a culture and economy centred on the middle east then there 's no helping you . 
  i 'm not sure what you want me to say to a statement as broad as `` people have different opinions . '', 
  well done , i guess ? 
  top marks ? 
  that was part of my point , yes . 
  that was why i explained why it joined . 
  did you see the slope you slipped on there before you posted or after it ? 
  ... are you well ? 
  i explained to you why poland was welcomed in and you then post an unrelated statement saying i 'd admitted that my previous statement was wrong apropos of nothing ? 
  is that how arguing is done where you are from ? 
  i dunno , i just wanted to have a dig at the swedes . 
  they 've been too quiet lately . 
  in * boats * , you say ? 
  how fantastically absurd !, 
  * swirls brandy *, 
  yup . 
  it 's a more straightforward case of job opportunities and career growth i 'd imagine . 
  oh look , general ill-defined pessimissim about conflict . 
  that 's helpful . 
   breaking news : kurdish forces in northern iraq have just taken delivery of 2000 weaponized french trains that are too big to fit on any local tracks . 
  at what point are france radicalizing the kurds exactly ? 
  people enjoy swedish vodka ? 
  the reason for that is because it is heavily , heavily warranted . 
  oh come the fuck on kiev , you have to do * so little * to look like the good guys in this . 
   when the hand-held bottle firebomb was developed to attack soviet tanks , the finns called it the `` molotov cocktail '' , as `` a drink to go with the food '' . 
  okay this is all still very serious but * that 's pretty badass you guys *, 
  according to wiki russia has already made an upfront payment so i 'm not sure what they 're on about  the first mistral-class ship is expected to be delivered in late 2014 or early 2015 ; russia made an advance payment in january or february 2011 pursuant to the january 25 , 2011 memorandum of understanding between the two parties . 
  that 's some pretty crazy shit . 
   so you admit your point about `` big 3 would be diluted in power , and why would they want to do that ? '', 
  is a load of old nonsense . 
  thank you . 
  ... what ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  did you read * any * of what i said ? 
   funny thing is : they did live together until some christians arrives ( thus finally resulting after 1000 years in a anti-western country movement , that use religion to have more impact ) . 
  okay , this is a dumb arguement to get into but i will say this : you know muhammad was a warlord , right ? 
  as in , straight-up led armies , sacked cities , killed thousands , warlord . 
  there is literally no point in the history of islam where everybody was living together in peace . 
  i ca n't think of one for christianity either . 
  and if the world were ruled by atheists i doubt there would be one there either . 
  i do n't disagree with you , but the fact is that the eu is run by self-serving , extremely arrogant governments more interested in protecting their own dwindling power than creating an effective superstate for the future . 
  because at the time of their ascension poland 's economy was in a much different place , because poland has a smaller population than any one of the big 3 , and because poles are christian and culturally closer to europe than the middle east . 
  i dunno , even considering the political concerns it looks like iraq is a moribund state in it 's current incarnation so i 'd support calls for a kurdish state . 
  obviously regional acceptance of the movement would have to come first and maybe we could dangle a few carrots in front of turkey and iran ( `` hey iran , how about we stop treating you like complete dicks ? '' ), 
  so the situation does n't go completely israel on us . 
  top shirt-movers over the last quarter in moscow : 1 . 
  vladimir putin 2 . 
  zangief 3 . 
  john cena, 
  ... what ? 
  that makes perfect sense , it 's possible to see it still in effect today with countries like ukraine and belarus . 
  what are you even arguing here . 
  i 've got absolutely no problem with turkey joining as long as it 's meets it 's compliances and i can be assured that it 's not suddenly going to collapse into a freakish theocracy or whatever . 
  actually tell you what , give the kurds a plot of land for themselves as a show of good faith and support a kurdistan that encompases kurdish lands in turkey , iraq and syria and we 'll fast-track the application . 
  the problem is the big 3 would be diluted in power , and why would they want to do that ? 
  they 've been trying to join for years but they 're a ) muslim and b ) populous enough that they could seriously shift the balance of power in the eu and that 's why turkey will never join the eu , human rights hooplah be damned . 
  if germany would commit to a one-state one-vote system they could avoid a lot of these problems but then they 'd be giving up a lot of power . 
  what he just shipped a bunch of poles out into the butthole of central asia for shits and giggles ? 
  i 'm assuming this was a survey of english people , because while norn irish people * do * feel unloved , that is because we know love is a pathetic weakness that will get you kneecapped and then your doctor will petrol bomb you . 
  legitimately curious : why ? 
  does n't seem like there 'd be much reason for anyone to move to kazakhstan . 
   still point of view no , it is n't . 
  as i said the last time , it is an empirical , independantly verifiable fact . 
  if you do not wish to * accept * that because it clashes with your previously-held opinions , that 's your own problem .
