  for those not interested in clicking :  ( reuters ) - the european union will launch a legal attack on russian gas giant gazprom ( gazp.mm ) this week , ramping up tensions with moscow , when antitrust agents will accuse it of overcharging buyers in eastern europe , eu sources told reuters on monday . 
   more than two years after brussels started investigating gazprom , the move comes just a week after the new eu antitrust chief charged u.s. tech giant google ( googl.o ) with abusing its market power after five years of hesitation by her predecessor . 
  central to this is the new european competition commissioner margrethe vestager , who seems much more galvanized to bring her powers to bear than her predecessor . 
   a source close to the russian company said gazprom had always wanted to find an amicable solution , so a statement of objections now `` would not be a welcome move '' . 
   gazprom tried to settle the case last year by offering concessions to vestager 's predecessor but talks floundered over its refusal to cut prices for eastern european customers . 
   the eu antitrust chief is taking a tougher line than her predecessor despite the political ramifications of some cases , said mario mariniello , a former economist at the commission and now an expert at brussels think tank bruegel . 
   `` vestager is sending a message that her mandate is not about settling cases . 
  if she has a solid case , she will push ahead with charges , '' he said . 
   `` sending a statement of objections to gazprom now would be her way of saying that she will focus on the substance of the case regardless of the political implications . '', 
   the russian behemoth , with annual sales of some $ 100 billion , supplies about 30 percent of the 28-nation bloc 's natural gas . 
  it has been under investigation since september 2012 , including for hampering the flow of gas across europe . 
  frankly , she sounds like just the kind of woman the eu needs . 
  potentially a very interesting and important case depending on what 's actually brought to the table . 
  or potentially just diplomatic games . 
  perfect , thanks . 
  nothing gets past you . 
  you 're right about that . 
  well , apparently i do . 
  so am i ? 
  deal with the facts presented or go back to the schoolyard . 
  see what i mean ? 
  any reason to keep going . 
  is that supposed to be funny ? 
  i think you 've misunderstood some things . 
  the pax americana means `` the american peace '' : it goes hand-in-hand with america 's primacy on the world 's stage economically , diplomatically and militarily . 
  it 's not an innate thing in and of itself . 
  as for how different the world would be without american bases in europe ( and presumably around the rest of the world as well ) , well that 's incalculable . 
  the lack of american presence in europe and japan would mean those nations would have to keep up their own militaries to a much higher level than they had now . 
  countless trade deals that america set up to allow it to set these bases on other country 's sovereign soil ( which by necessity trend overly generously towards the host state ) would be nixed . 
  south korea would be completely up in the air . 
  hell , the outcome of the cold war would 've been unsure and thus the current state of the eu itself . 
  it 's just too big a question with too many variables to consider , and i imagine the outcome would n't be as beneficial for either of us as they currently are . 
  this looks like an album cover for somebody 's dad . 
  i 'm still waiting for you to respond to this if you 're that bored :  few points :  \u2022 what would anyone in europe have to gain by setting russia up and demonizing their government ? 
  they 're a major trading partner for most of the eu and a major military power . 
   \u2022 when situations are as cut and dried as the russian invasion in the ukrainian theatre has been then the dissenting voice has to work harder than established opinion which is predicated upon a year of evidence being presented . 
  saying `` oh , but what if russia did n't invade '' sounds ludicrous when there is such a wealth of evidence to the contrary , including president putin admitting he lied about the invasion of crimea . 
   \u2022 nobody is repeating old mistakes except the kremlin , which is acting as if it were the cold war and trying to establish an apparent hegemony among it 's former client states . 
  this is coupled with putin 's repeated admiration for the ussr and the russian empire . 
  when people 's lives are on the line , they do n't like hearing powerful men say and act as he has spoken and acted . 
  on ukraine 's side , they are acting very progressively - it 's no secret to say the russian economic model is a failure , and the soviet one before that , and applying to become a member of the prestigious , stable , economically prosperous , and high human-rights indexed eu is a brave and positive move for it 's people . 
   we have more in common with our russian and ukrianian brothers and sisters than they do with their government or we do with ours  tell russia to pull it 's troops out of it 's brother 's house then , and this problem ends very quickly . 
  flowery words and ideals mean little when faced with the practicality of unilateral aggression and invasion which results in the loss of land and lives . 
  okay , sell me on nuclear hegemony . 
  shout-outs to / u/vigorous and / u/ian56 , i guess . 
  do n't worry about him . 
  he 's going to push this all day . 
  pretty much , sadly . 
  although i 'm sure an army in direct conflict would appreciate aid from the us a lot more than us and the fighting ten thousand . 
  nuclear bombs are keeping world peace . 
  ah , there 's that downvote . 
   so are you saying that a strong american military presence in europe and asia is also beneficial to ireland and other european countries ? 
  of course i am . 
   or would the situation be exactly the same if there was n't an american military presence in these regions ? 
  it would be monumentally different for both the eu and the us . 
  * nuclear disarmament is stupid * - / u/brutal _ jerk_off , april 20th 2015, 
  huh , saving * that * one for later . 
  lets be honest here : no you would n't . 
  as much as it 's beneficial for us to have a strong american military presence it 's also about diplomacy and power-projection for you . 
  removing american bases , personnel and hardware from european greatly diminishes the us on the world stage and causes innumerable trade-deals to be rewritten . 
  you did n't correct me , they did . 
  there are citizens in scotland who would rather not be in the uk . 
  this is not a matter of independance or autonomy , this is a foreign power taking advantage of political and ethnic differences . 
  the east voted for poroshenko all the same . 
  it 's / u/bloodysneeze . 
  he 's just somebody 's account that is vaguely pro-kremlin at all times . 
  dude in the back looks like he just let out a fart and is * really * proud of it . 
  for those without the * leonine ferocity * to click the link :  despite inflation coming under control , and a ruble that is n't as weak as it was at the start of the year , consumer confidence in russia collapsed in march . 
  the downfall was significant . 
   for the first quarter of 2015 , consumer confidence fell 14 points to -32.3 . 
  ouch . 
  in the fourth quarter of 2014 , it had fallen 11 points to -18 after staying relatively stable in the second and third quarter , according to russia 's federal state statistics service . 
  the figures were released on april 15 . 
   russia is not known to be an upbeat society . 
  in fact , consumer confidence has been negative since 2012 . 
  only back then , the negative numbers were in the single digits . 
  this year , a combination of high inflation , economic sanctions , and a weaker ruble than where it was at this time last year has the majority of russians feeling the pinch from the economic crisis . 
   russia 's oil dependent economy tends to suffer whenever oil prices decline . 
  the federal budget had forecast oil prices to average around $ 100 a barrel this year and had to redo their budget based on a $ 60 average price when oil prices fell below $ 60 . 
  unfortunately for russia , oil prices are still below $ 60 . 
   moreover , russia 's involvement in the civil unrest in eastern ukraine have led to sectoral sanctions on the economy . 
  both the u.s. and e.u. , russia 's most important trading partner , have slapped sanctions on russia 's biggest banks and energy companies , including sberbank sberbank , vtb bank vtb bank , gazprom gazprom , rosneft rosneft and lukoil to name a few . 
  russia retaliated with counter sanctions on european food imports , which jacked up the price of food goods sold in russia . 
   `` the russian sanctions on agriculture products in europe has started hurting russian consumers , '' says arent thijsen , ceo of t&e inmaxxa , a $ 250 million wealth management firm in the outskirts of amsterdam . 
  thijsen has money at work in russia . 
   russia 's economy is expected to contract by 4 % in real terms this year , though bulls will say that it is going to grow by that amount at least in nominal terms just to make the case that russia is not dead yet . 
  few points : * what would anyone in europe have to gain by setting russia up and demonizing their government ? 
  they 're a major trading partner for most of the eu and a major military power . 
  * when situations are as cut and dried as the russian invasion in the ukrainian theatre has been then the dissenting voice has to work harder than established opinion which is predicated upon a year of evidence being presented . 
  saying `` oh , but what if russia did n't invade '' sounds ludicrous when there is such a wealth of evidence to the contrary , including president putin admitting he lied about the invasion of crimea . 
  * nobody is repeating old mistakes except the kremlin , which is acting as if it were the cold war and trying to establish an apparent hegemony among it 's former client states . 
  this is coupled with putin 's repeated admiration for the ussr and the russian empire . 
  when people 's lives are on the line , they do n't like hearing powerful men say and act as he has spoken and acted . 
  on ukraine 's side , they are acting very progressively - it 's no secret to say the russian economic model is a failure , and the soviet one before that , and applying to become a member of the prestigious , stable , economically prosperous , and high human-rights indexed eu is a brave and positive move for it 's people . 
   we have more in common with our russian and ukrianian brothers and sisters than they do with their government or we do with ours tell russia to pull it 's troops out of it 's brother 's house then , and this problem ends very quickly . 
  flowery words and ideals mean little when faced with the practicality of unilateral aggression and invasion which results in the loss of land and lives . 
  ah , what a fine day for science po . 
  oh god , i 'd forgotten about this . 
  barely a cloud in the sky , so . 
  you 've clearly never been in a relationship with an irish woman .
