  jesus you need to think before you speak . 
  i love that he leads with  their intelligence services are mediocre like he 's got a * system * specifically for this . 
  that 's how in depth his research is . 
  sorry lads , this dude operates on a 4 star secret service survey system and you guys are a solid 2.5 / 4 . 
  do n't . 
  do n't engage him . 
  you see what you 've all done now ? 
  you 've got this guy involved . 
  well done everybody . 
  well done . 
  well i 'm not going to deal with him . 
  i 'm going to be over here drinking myself into a numb stupour . 
  seems like a critical omission . 
  that 's moscow , specifically . 
  [ not that they 're the only ones , mind you , just the loudest . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_rome ), 
  is the new plan to get greece out of financial difficulties to demand reparations for every conflict in recorded history ? 
  look out , troy . 
  just a head 's up to everyone else - i 'm getting a phishing warning from this . 
  everyone 's thinking it , so i 'll come out and say it : when ultron gets his hands on this thing we 're all well and truely * fucked . 
  well the japanese agricultural situation is pretty ... 
  * unique ? 
  * is that the word i 'm looking for ? 
  an extremely developed and affluent island nation of over 120 million with only [ 12.5 % of it 's land suitable for agriculture ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ag.lnd.agri.zs ) is in a pretty delicate situation . 
  well * somebody 's * got to keep the white walkers beyond the wall . 
  it 's no * cripple mr onion * but it 's getting there . 
  remember to bring a bunch of drinks . 
  never turn up to a party empty-handed . 
  500 grand ? 
  shit , give me a bottle of jim beam and i 'll club a seal to death . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're under the impression this is n't already happening . 
  i just see jake the dog . 
  there 's an irish guy called hallelujah haptism . 
  * mic o ' drop *, 
  well , consider that your sunshine tax then . 
  let 's be pragmatic about this , environmental concerns aside there are * massive * positives to opening up arctic shipping routes . 
  it 's the whole sub-arctic shelf oil fiasco that people are going to get * really * tetchy over . 
  i think that 's more certain people here than russians in general . 
  the existence of one of several well-funded and state-controlled media outlets is * one * aspect of russia being both a more influential and more aggressive player on the world stage yes , though i 'd have chosen it 's enormous and oft-advertised military or expansive energy economy as an example of it 's influence . 
  you find * coverage * one-sided , you said . 
  which it is , because russia is both a more major player and a more aggressive player than ukraine is on the world stage . 
  in all seriousness if this promotes russia to take * any * action considering how blatant the evidence apparently is it would be a massive step of goodwill . 
  because it 's putin , because putin has been in power in russia for 16 years , and because political cartoons are aimed at people with contextual knowledge ? 
  it also stated european tyranny , and believe me , if i felt it were a slight on your integrity as a european i would be falling on the cartoonist with grim and furious determination . 
  remember way back 2 minutes ago when you presented a visual scenario to me and asked me to assess it 's prejudicial nature ? 
  i refuted it with a visual scenario . 
  now i 've already said the cartoon is * slightly * prejudicial in that it describes * russian * tyranny * in direct and immediate comparison to european tyranny , * but that is an attack on the politician in question who has gained a well-deserved and inarguable reputation for tyranny . 
  had they depicted putin as a subhuman monkey-person then the arguement for russophobia could be made , but the target of the cartoon is clearly his * policies , * which are fair game . 
  because it 's a white man in a suit with a steel gauntlet shaking the hand of a dude who never wears a tie . 
  let me talk to you about water charges ... 
  that 's actually really interesting considering how common if not downright ubiqitous photographs of the azov guys and other common or garden variety undesirables have become with various nazi symbols . 
  surely at the * very * least there 's got to be some changes made . 
  slow down with the personal attacks there my mediterranean amigo , the artist is depicting an international bogeyman in a lowest-common-denominator fashion because said bogeyman has earned that reputation and cultural cachet . 
  is it anti-putin ? 
  sure . 
  is it russophobic ? 
  a little bit . 
  is it indicative of an overwhelming climate of coruscating anti-russian prejudice ? 
  only if i get to sue someone everytime they draw an irishman in a paddycap wearing potatoes on his feet . 
  people are pretty aware of the ultranationalism active in ukraine as well . 
  ukraine just has much less dealings internationally and is n't , y' know , constantly making the news by invading it 's neighbour on a tide of said ultranationalism . 
  anyone see that * rick & morty * where they had the clone of lincoln and hitler ? 
  i wonder what abradolf linkler would make of all this . 
  if he were greek they 'd call it greek tyranny . 
  if he were irish they 'd call it irish tyranny . 
  but he 's russian , so we call it russophobic propaganda . 
  til anything criticizing the kremlin is russophobic, 
  [ you know who * i * hate ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ic3w1biujp0 ), 
  i appreciate that they made putin life-size . 
  other barry was * very * explicit on that last part . 
  wow , this could actually be incredibly interesting . 
  or everything could already have been destroyed long ago or hopelessly lost , considering the ... * complicated * nature of the kgb . 
  and that leeds suck . 
  i feel that you 've learned not to take criticism at face value and to perhaps adopt a more freeflowing attitude to the difficulties in your life , and that i 've learned that i can engage in a prolonged narrative without giving away anything about my core motivation . 
  i feel that we 've both learned a lesson about how we view ourselves and how the perceptions of others can influence our inner narrative . 
  i feel like , between us , we 've come to a moment of dawning anagnorisis about who we are and who we let ourselves become . 
  that 's the best answer you could 've given me . 
  well , how 's that supposed to make me feel ? 
  i feel like you 've led this conversation into some very uneven terrain . 
   you 're personally by me saying '' some shit irish club '' . 
  i 'm personally by you saying some shit irish club ? 
  please do n't bring personal attacks into this , we 're not at elland road . 
  do n't take this more seriously than we are . 
  are n't they all ? 
  the tramp 's corner tammershandy 's . 
  how do you pronounce that anyway ? 
  my mind keeps forming the word * ell-wow . 
  glad we can come to a mutually enriching understanding then . 
  please do n't bring ethnicity into this conversation about how terrible elland road is . 
  is n't it weird how everybody who says that is just some wonderfully engaging chap ? 
  it 's not my fault if you do n't comprehend the richly layered culture you 've chosen to immerse yourself in . 
  i 'm not american , and the reason may not be good , but it 's there . 
  simmer down , now . 
  makes sense to hedge your bets . 
  i know a couple of jews who describe themselves as culturally jewish . 
  you can honestly distance yourself pretty soundly from the spiritual aspect of it without abandoning your societal/cultural obligations . 
  what 's a four season christian ? 
  sounds like a play . 
  he dinnae have one .
