  you also support an ultranationalist regime invading a peaceful neighbour which it decries as subhuman nazi . 
  you are a supporter of fascism . 
  * `` it 's not possible in ukraine , all that was possible was for russia to invade and loot what they could why calling everyone who argues with them a nazi . '', 
   therefore , these laws are void and it is moral to break them . 
  * the rule of law was never absent in ukraine . 
  speaking as someone who has run the gamut of legal education , i can assure you of that . 
  when the russian paid-man fled his office , and was later removed by his very own government , the interim government executed it 's powers entirely within ukrainian constitutional remit and international law by holding an election as soon as possbile , and stepping down was a leader was elected . 
  you 'll learn this when you graduate high school . 
   yanukovych was the last true independent ukrainian to rule the country . 
  * you ca n't be serious and i refuse to treat this as an adult 's opinion . 
  the paid-man fled to his bankroller after ordering his police to shoot on protestors he legislated against * while they were protesting against him . 
  * * crimea never had autonomy before or after it was gifted to ukraine while under the remit of the ussr , which was done so peacefully and legally . 
  russian invasion for the sake of anschluss is oppression . 
  rigging elections is oppression . 
  placing armed foreign soldiers on every street corner is oppression . 
   and now ... * then the russian economy will crumble , and your `` vatniks '' will rightfully blame you for it . 
  but you 're a fair-weather supporter who is merely dabbling in this , and by then you 'll have moved on to your next passing fancy . 
  * legal procedure after the head of state flees office is to elect a new head of state as soon as possible so the rule of law and diplomatic relations with fellow heads of state can be reestablished . 
  nevermind the fact that your crimean referendum took place within the space of a week under military occupation with a rigged vote with no impartial observers . 
  it was illegal , the ukrainian election was not . 
  you might not want to believe that , but you 've shown you 've got a poor understanding of law . 
   you have a child 's understanding of the world you live in and are going to have a rude awakening one day . 
  * if and when you get to university look up what `` citations '' are and then check them out , you might be pleasantly suprrised as to what wikipedia actually * is . 
  * then again you brought `` interwebz '' back from the future of 2004 , so ... * explain what you 've gone through , but then you 'll have to nail your colours to the mast and wo n't magically be able to claim you are something else more convenient for your arguement later . 
  i 'm tired of repeating myself for your benefit so this is me getting it all out of my system now . 
   and i remind you that i do not support russia , i support crimea and from that standpoint russia 's actions are for me mitigated to some extent , regardless of putin 's motivation . 
  it 's clear that you disagree , but i 'd appreciate it if you gave arguments why instead of ** hiding behind the decisions of the un . 
  ** the un does not have a monopoly on what is moral ; i 'm interested in your opinion , not the opinion of the majority of state leaders . 
  that is ... * sigh * just stupid . 
  the un is a clanking , ineffective mechanism in many respects but because it represents so many different states and peoples what it * does * have is moral authority . 
  that is why people complain about the invasion of iraq but not about the intervention in libya . 
  that being said , the reason to oppose the invasion of ukraine is because it was an invasion of a peaceful country by a paranoid neighbouring state that has spent the past year enabling a debilitating war , costing thousands of lives , displacing hundreds of thousands of peoples and robbing an entire generation of ukrainians of their education , jobs , homes and future prospects . 
  the reason to oppose the annexation of crimea is because it was illegal , under both international law ( an occupying military can not install a government and mandate a referendum * in a week * ) and the ukrainian constitution ( like every other state on earth , secession is illegal unless a referendum is called by the central government and held at the national level ) and , while we 're at it , there exists no mechanism within the legislation of the rufed for absorption of foreign provinces . 
  nevermind the fact that during the occupation of crimea the rights of non-ethnic russian minorities have , predictably , been eroded , and there are reports of raids on administrative buildings for communities of crimean tartarrs , and russia has failed to provide the `` one million tourists per month '' that it promised the tourist-dependant province last spring , crippling their economy . 
   yes , i am against islamism and you try to blame me of bigotry for that reason , which is of course nonsense . 
  it 's like when someone says he hates fascism or communism and you 're going to say is a bigot . 
  and there is no we , just you . 
  is anybody supposed to be surprised that the bigot does n't * like * being called a bigot ? 
   i agree that russia is hypocritical on the subject of self determination . 
  but i 'm conscious , as are you , of where the desires of the crimeans lie . 
  you 're only proving here once more that your opposition for a regime triumphs the rights of its communities . 
  you 're arguing for an agenda . 
  the invasion of ukraine and occupation of crimea is both immoral and illegal . 
  you can not suddenly stake a flag on your front lawn and declare your secession from whatever state you currently live in - it is illegal literally * everywhere . 
  * no state legally provides for secession under these conditions - that 's why the scottish independance referendum last year recieved at once such praise and such scrutiny from all parties for it 's approach to the issue . 
  as opposed to the years of planning and information carefully disseminated to the public about the ramifications of their decision , putin instead decided to invade and cynically stage a rigged referendum . 
  that is not a man who cares about the self-determination of anybody , that is a man practicing the exact opposite of it . 
   how can you proclaim such utter nonsense and then blame me of parroting propaganda . 
  ukraine has always trampled on the rights of crimea . 
  even under yanukovych , a moderate ukrainian nationalist , seccession or autonomy was out of the question . 
  the post coup government is completely opposed to autonomy let alone seccession unless it gets rammed through their throats , which is exactly what happened with minsk ii . 
  an event that fills me with that feeling of happiness one only gets after witnessing justice being served . 
  were you not ignorant you 'd know yanukovych was moscow 's paid man in ukraine . 
  a one-night visit from putin forced him to abandon his pro-eu stance and sign deals with the rufed that directly led to the euromaidan and his ousting . 
  secondly had russia simply loudly supported crimea 's referendum it would have been held and won the province increased autonomy . 
  this has repeatedly been offered to the regions in the donbas , but of course moscow has decided that 's not enough for their investment in the war . 
   the post coup government you do n't know what a [ coup is . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coup ) here 's a hint : they do n't generally include open , democratic and internationally recognized elections . 
   is completely opposed to autonomy let alone seccession unless it gets rammed through their throats , the ukrainian government has repeatedly offered increased autonomy to the regions in the donbas . 
  how can your ignorance on this issue be * this * vast ? 
   which is exactly what happened with minsk ii . 
  an event that fills me with that feeling of happiness one only gets after witnessing justice being served . 
  ` twere i an american teenager trying to speak casually about the lives of others because i wanted to be contrarian , i 'd probably disagree with you . 
  as it was , i 'd rather a tyrant not be rewarded for starting a war in a peaceful state just because / u/trop _ commercial got bored one day and decided to oppose her dad 's pro-murican stance . 
   oh , and you can blame putin for not caring about the russian crimeans , the ukrainians in crimea or crimean tatars . 
  it is certainly possible that making crimean tatar an official language of crimea next to russian and ukrainian for the first time in history is a scam . 
  but do n't give me that hypocritical nonsense that they were better off in ukraine . 
  they are [ literally raiding ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/nov/25/-sp-russia-crimean-tatars-soviet-ukraine ) [ tartar administrative and ] ( http://www.kyivpost.com/content/ukraine-abroad/world-bulletin-crimean-tatars-evicted-from-second-parliament-building-366054.html ) [ religious buildings ] ( http://www.rferl.org/content/crimean-tatar-mejlis-raid-police-search-avdet-simferopol/26587038.html ) . 
  it has * never * been this bad for them since stalin deported them * en masse . 
  *  i thought i was debating a high schooler given that you feel the need to resort to insults and condescending remarks . 
  debating with someone who asks for negative proof of her own arguement as evidenceis a joke and you should feel fortunate people have indulged you this far . 
  that 's before we get into your apparently zero legal understanding of the russian invasion of ukraine or their actions since then , or the state of the tartars , historica and current , under russian rule . 
   i care about what is moral , not legal . 
  so you * are * a schoolgirl then ? 
  because the rest of us * care * about the laws of our society because they are what make it * work . 
  * you ca n't invade a peaceful neighbour , you ca n't install a government there and you ca n't hold a rigged election so you can steal their land . 
  it is neither moral nor legal . 
   the nurenberg trials were illegal as well . 
  what the fuck is this ? 
  jesus christ you literally are a teenager are n't you . 
   coups are also illegal . 
  sure they are . 
  it must sting for you that the ukrainian government was freely , openly and democratically elected and is recognized by the entire world , your country included as legitimate . 
  you know what else is illegal ? 
  ( hey , i thought you did n't care what was illegal ? ), 
  invading a peaceful neighbour is illegal . 
  murdering your political opposition is illegal . 
  abducting estonian border agents is illegal . 
  sending a military sub into the inhabited stockholm archipelago is illegal . 
  lots of things are illegal , but you apparently do n't care . 
   ukraine using its army on its own citizens is unconstitutional . 
  speaking as a member of a country who * did * use it 's military on it 's own citizens ? 
  ukraine is not attacking it 's citizens . 
  there is an armed invasion maskerading as a civil war propagated by a neighbouring former-superpower . 
  shame on them and shame on you for peddling their propaganda . 
   the georgian attack on abkhazia and ossetia is a grave offense to the rights of minorities , luckily georgia made sure , with a little help of russia , that it will never , ever , see these regions return . 
  oh you mean [ the russian-backed rebels who opened fire on georgians , thus instigating the war ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_georgian_war ) gosh , a russian-backed minority in a bloody war , what does that remind us of ? 
  i guess all that / u/trop _ commercial cares about is that the country that she 's cheering for wins the war , no matter who dies because of it . 
  after all , she does n't care what is * legal * , and she 's clearly * amoral * as well as ignorant .
