  yeah between this and the swedish thing i 'm willing to cast doubt on this whole thing . 
  god i love the colours in this . 
  it 's the continual question of where we want to be as a union ; we either operate on a multiple-tiered system where the interests of certain states are placed over others due to their ( fairly earned and deserved ) strength or success , or we take the necessary measures to become a stronger union in the future . 
  sometimes a bitter pill has to be swallowed to help a body change . 
  neither germany nor france nor the uk nor sweden nor italy nor poland nor any single state should feel they have to bear the burden of change alone , and measures should be taken to share the economic and physical load . 
  but continuing together as a growing union these are the kinds of steps we have to take . 
  hell the usa fought it 's own people to protect the sanctity of the union . 
  all we 're talking about is protecting ourselves from a foreign aggressor . 
  no-one is saying it 's an easy option . 
  what no-one is also saying is the absolute certainty * that it will not get any easier by waiting . 
  and yet there 's constant posts with people concerned about the question of whether we 'd do everything he can for the baltics , or would we wait until he makes a move against poland ? 
  when there should n't be any question at all , there should be a strong , unified response ; yes . 
  we will defend all of our members with all of our powers , no matter their distance or their history . 
  we 're all brothers together in this and we protect each other . 
  you know what ? 
  you '' re right . 
  i was rude and overly dismissive . 
  that 's absolutely a question for the evolving nature of the eu and what we want it to be ; do we want a stronger union or do we want fractured policies that allow members to be turned against each other . 
  it 's not an easy question to address but it 's definitely a necessary one and one where the answer is obvious . 
  if we 're willing to allow a foreign aggressor to dictate eu policy through energy politicking then we 're going to keep making excuses for him as he moves into ukraine and the baltics . 
  he 's not going to make a move against germany , or france , or the uk ; he 's going to wait until winter hits and then target romania , poland , the baltics and the czech republic . 
  he 's going to poke and push the weaker states around to see how much the stronger west is willing to accomodate , and then he 's going to use that to help foment unrest in the eu and influence years ' worth of policy to his benefit . 
  there is * no * other endgame for him here , this is what 's going to happen . 
   the question is why would merkel shit on germany 's industrial output and energy supplies in order to help a country that 's not germany ? 
  if you are setting yourself up as the heart of the eu then you need to take steps to protect the other organs . 
  nevermind the diplomatic and economic sense of protecting trade partners and allies , and removing a debilitating dependency on an beligerent pariah state . 
  erm , not sure if i agree with that . 
  no see here 's my suggestion : sanction his gas and oil market , watch his economy tumble , then watch him come back with cap in hand or wait for his people to realize they ca n't * eat * rhetoric and chuck him out . 
  meanwhile , seek out other sources and diversify our suppliers , no matter how long it takes . 
  there should be no going back to the status quo after this . 
  a jingoistic short-arse should n't feel like he can hold the world 's most developed continent to ransom . 
  edit : withdrawn . 
  what the fuck are you talking about john . 
  how exactly does taking a stand against putin involve bowing to him ? 
  hey , merkel , cameron , hollande - * this shit is not going to stop . 
  * this is only going to ramp up over the winter to encourage you to make excuses for yourselves . 
  take a goddamn stand to bring this shit to a close already . 
  what about everyone get 's fed and nobody is unemployed , but in return you have to give up paella ? 
  til germans do n't feel in control of their own destiny and spaniards want to help everybody ( once they wake up ) . 
  and the french are exactly as we thought . 
  yeah that came out of nowhere . 
  maybe call u2 proper irish music or something . 
  [ um , there 's no shortage on the coverage of this . 
  ] ( http://www.google.ca/search?hl=en-ca&amp;source=hp&amp;q=russia+today+ukraine+nazi&amp;gbv=2&amp;oq=russia+today+ukraine+nazi&amp;gs_l=heirloom-hp.3...1466.6037.0.6255.25.21.0.4.2.0.312.2684.5j11j2j1.19.0....0...1ac.1.34.heirloom-hp..5.20.2528.h7sytourkim ) the amount of time given over to depicting ukranians as nazis on rt is pretty huge . 
  it 's like fox finding out a democratic candidate 's middle name is hussein , prompting years of ** barack obama : an usa-hating super-muslim ? 
  on the other hand , let 's all go piss on her grave . 
  main uses of a baguette : 1 . 
  pretend swordfight 2 . 
  anything else, 
  the cold war was a weird time for humour . 
   according to you , every economic deal and every economic contract ever made in the history of mankind is economic coercion . 
  you are offering them special rates if they do what you want , and threatening them when they do n't . 
  it 's coercion through energy supply . 
  the fact that the coercion revolves around a trade aggreement is meaningless ; sanctions are a form of trade agreement for goodness sake , an agreement to withold trade or impose restrictions . 
  it doe n't change the intent or the effect of the coercion . 
  end of story . 
   you 're clinging to this shit again . 
  the observers were invited , and they refused to show up . 
  you 're stuck on them turning away military observers , which are completely different from referendum observers . 
  i 'm just going to repeat what i wrote last time because i 'm sick of typing it out for you to disregard :  because if you could n't do it  a ) under armed invasion  b ) under a week 's notice  c ) while shutting out inepdendent observers  d ) while offering only join russia or become independent and no maintain status quo option  e ) while rigging the results  you would not have been able to pass the referendum . 
  you know this . 
  the only reason you did n't wait is because under a legitimate referendum russia would not have been able to annex crimea . 
   russians , as all peoples , have the right to self-determination . 
  although apparently not ukranians when that right conflicts with russia 's interests . 
  apparently * then * that gives russians the right to insult every other nation in the west , saying this is their doing , while invading ukraine . 
   russians in russia seem to be pretty content with what putin is doing . 
  that 's their cross to bear . 
   okay , fine . 
  let 's say they are impartial . 
  there 's no `` let 's say '' about this ; they * are * impartial and you were wrong to suggest otherwise , and had this been about a conflict in north korea you would n't be calling their integrity into question . 
  they 're not working for anyone , no matter how much you apparently want them to . 
   you ca n't say that russians turned away referendum observers , which they in fact invited , just because they turned down a completely different group of people with completely different goals -- the military observers . 
  why did they turn away - sorry , * shoot at * - independent military observers ? 
  there are * juntas in africa * that do n't shoot at the osce . 
   can you upload that check which has putin to yanukovych written on it that you have in your possession ? 
  how is this in response to the statement :  besides , if ukrainians wanted to oust yanukovych they could have done it themselves  they did . 
  explain that to me . 
   threats to impose sanctions , which i linked you to numerous times . 
  oh you meant ** this : **  europe 's leaders are to consider urgent sanctions against ukraine after the worst violence in months of unrest claimed at least 26 lives . 
   at a joint news conference , french president francois hollande said those responsible for the violence `` will be sanctioned '' at an emergency meeting due to take place on thursday , while german chancellor angela merkel echoed the threat , saying they were `` side by side with the men and women who suffer '' . 
   the eu has agreed to impose travel bans and asset freezes on ukrainian officials `` with blood on their hands '' but leave the door open for continued diplomacy it was decided yesterday . 
   up to 20 interior ministry and security officials or `` those responsible for violence and use of excessive force '' will be targeted in what is being posited as a first message to the ukrainian authorities . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26258998 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/10652114/eu-agrees-sanctions-against-ukraine.html yes , that 's * clearly * for the benefit of the eu and not to protect the citizens of the ukraine from a purchased president that is * killing them . 
  * ** that 's not influencing internal policy you moron , that 's asking a president to stop killing his people . 
  there 's no legislation in ukraine that permits this violence or death , that 's the fucking point . 
  **  you 're not . 
  you 're citing your beliefs without substantiating them with anything . 
  my posts are virtually walls of fucking blue text . 
  you 've linked to a bbc article , a telegraph article ( oh look at that , 2 trusted western sources ) and one wikipedia article that * i had linked . 
  * that 's the entirety of the substantian you 've been able to pull out , and you 've done none of it for your core arguements , which is that the eu broke the budapest memorandum ( which it was n't a party to ) before russia did ( which broke it immediately ) and which therefore could n't possibly restrain itself from invading a peaceful sovereign nation because it views them as ** literally their property . 
   giving cheaper prices and lobbying are not economic coercion offering special prices and threatening to remove it are exactly economic coercion . 
   read the entire spiegel article again . 
  there were no legally binding agreements , but assurances were given . 
  there was still no agreement . 
   not ukrainian people , russian people in ukraine their ethnicity does not change their citizenship . 
  not that there is an ethnic difference between ukranian and russian . 
   why wait ? 
  because if you could n't do it a ) under armed invasion b ) under a week 's notice c ) while shutting out inepdendent observers d ) while offering only join russia or become independent and no maintain status quo option e ) while rigging the results you would not have been able to pass the referendum . 
  you know this . 
   wait for kiev to take crimean autonomy completely , to send its troops to prevent crimea from ever separating etc.
