  you might celebrate failure for the sake of contrarianism . 
  that 's your right as a bored american teenager . 
  sweet !, 
  i 'm glad you got away from there . 
  anywhere but baltimore . 
   after proclaiming on facebook , `` we dare you to make fun of us , '' the weekly eesti ekspress announced competitions for the best political cartoon and joke about estonia or estonians , with the winners to receive all-expenses-paid trips to -- you guessed it -- estonia . 
   two swedes and a somali who were handed to the fbi more than two years ago in africa , have pleaded guilty to conspiring to aid the al-qaeda-linked shebab group in somalia , prosecutors in new york have revealed . 
  i mean , the title is * sort * of misleading , but whatever . 
  wait , i 'm a moron - why is he doing this ? 
  look at all the locals complaining . 
  look at them all . 
   to their credit they do n't really have any threats short of norn iron . 
  soon we will shroud norn yurop in a blanket of sectarian terror . 
  growing up in northern ireland , the raf used to land chinooks in my family 's fields right beside our house . 
  this was when i was a kid , and thought soldiers with guns was awesome . 
  they stopped , but my dad never stopped being angry over it . 
  oh man , that 's deeply saddening . 
  good . 
  more engagement and constant refining of eu policies and legislature is what we should all be aiming for . 
  this is it . 
  this is the craziest thing anyone 's ever done . 
  in all fairness , it 's not easy . 
  there are hurricane katrina tours that offer to show you the devastation that is * still * unattended to in new orleans . 
  the spending is a political message both at home and abroad , and also a deterrent against aggression . 
  it 's not designed to level the playing field evenly if russia did invade . 
  what exactly is there to be confused about ? 
  why are you feeding the troll ? 
  every sperm is sacred . 
   and why is that ? 
  because they 'll kill you . 
   the us is the only strong part of nato the eu could quite handily dismantle the aged russian military on it 's own before washington even shows it 's hand . 
  but why should we ? 
  having the added protection from the us against idiotic , penniless jingoists is the reason to * join * nato in the first place . 
  a lot of people are still that way . 
  as comfortable a thought as it is , this is something that the eu needs to take a decisive stance on in order to protect it 's interests and define itself going forward . 
  that 's incredibly unfair to both him and stewart . 
  they 're funny and generally talk about things of merit , at least in the satirical sense . 
  family guy is lazy garbage that 's long past it 's sell-by . 
  regardless of the merit of what he says , the reason for that is the same reason the american comedians on * nevermind the buzzcocks * or * qi * do n't succeed in america - because their gimmick is `` hey , i 'm from [ place ] ! '', 
  i ca n't tell if he has n't been paying attention or it he 's been paying * loads * of attention . 
  what a weirdly lame burn to lay . 
  these are awesome . 
  what 's the one from doc martin ? 
  that place is gorgeous . 
  i 'd also throw new lanark up there ( yeah it 's in scotland ) , but i 'm in the office and ca n't get pictures . 
  this looks like the swedish * trailer park boys . 
  that 's cool . 
  i know i 've got an unpopular opinion on this but we * really * need to deal with the asylum issue and i do n't think we 'll be able to deal with it realistically until we drastically reduce the amount that receive legal asylum in the eu . 
  so would this classify as a ... 
  i imagine even a third of the asking price would bankrupt the defence budget . 
  while i agree with you , there just is n't enough of us in the military . 
  like most small countries in times of invasion the irish army 's orders are to disperse and wage an endless guerilla war to make occupation untenable . 
  we are aided by our remoteness in this - an expensive occupation of ireland is much more difficult than say an occupation of lithuania or other small , non-mountainous country . 
  i like that we did n't have any flags handy for the press photo so we just draped a massive table cloth over the handrails . 
  if russia was suicidal enough to attack the baltics then sure , they 'd take them if they were fast and struck hard enough . 
  then the russia federation would be ended under the guns of the west . 
  you do not attack nato . 
  you 're getting your counter-culture hyperbole mixed up . 
  the us installed dictatorships . 
  the european powers ruled empires . 
  god i 'd love to haunt a pretentious hipster joint in dublin once i 'm gone though . 
  this is just an assumption on my part , but i 'm willing to bet that actual adherence to catholic catechisms played little part in the soldiers ' decision to grave-rob . 
  you are aware that the reasoning for this new bill is that it was insufficiently coherent with the echr and this is a motion to drag it into line , not forge off on a new path of * this is englandishness * ? 
  whether or not you consider it so , it was . 
  that 's the flaw with the system . 
  your assumption is that an assumption is an incorrect assumption . 
  that 's not a hill i 'd die on . 
  not big on political and legislative progression , are you ? 
  this arguement is preposterously flimsy . 
  it 's equally true that you assume the echr 's decision was incorrect because of your politics rather than any reasoning . 
  this is really sweet . 
  look , you can save all that , i just do n't want to get caught up in a fight with dr doom when the fantastic four invade . 
  okay i 'm completely confused . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i think you might be confusing the definitions of great ( meaning large ) and great ( meaning glorious ) . 
  or maybe i 'm misunderstanding what you 're trying to say . 
  it 's not like morocco would object . 
  also the north american robin looks like garbage . 
  yeah i went there . 
  this should absolutely be the case . 
  at the bare minimum you should have a year to gain workable knowledge of the local language , and you * definitely * should n't be rewarded for turning away blind charity . 
  it should be part of a larger , more strict push to make immigrants adapt to the culture and laws of their shelter state , or else they are removed from * all * shelter states . 
  well great britan is specifically referring to a distinct landmass , i.e the island that scotland , england and wales sit on , as opposed to the rest of the british isles , like ireland , the isle of man , anglessey or the isle of wight . 
  greater albania and greater serbia both refer to political/diplomatic/ethnic idealized entities that exist outside their current borders , right ? 
  er , the tory party is loudly pro-eu . 
  i guess ukip losing hit you harder than you expected ? 
  that also counts for most tory mps . 
   all of the detainees from the wednesday rally have been released , some after a `` prophylactic talk '' or after pledging to report to the police the next day and provide `` explanations '' for their participation in the unsanctioned gathering , ovdinfo news portal reported . 
   the authorities had warned opposition activists not to assembly on bolotnaya square on the anniversary of the may 6 , 2012 protests against president vladimir putin 's government that erupted into clashes with police . 
  some of the participants in those events are serving lengthy prison terms . 
   about 100 people defied the warning and gathered on bolotnaya , grani.ru news portal reported , citing one of the participants . 
  and of course  participants also chanted `` raze prisons to the ground , raze venal judges to the ground , raze putin 's gang to the ground , '' before running away and ending their two-minute rally , grani.ru reported . 
  is this story still ongoing , because it 's been re-reported every day this week . 
  there is literally zero reason for them not to . 
  being a part of nato is probably a requirement . 
  oh i agree . 
  but if i were to read from a list of all the things the labour party should and should not be doing we 'd be here a while . 
  his voice just has a way of moving people . 
  has there been any talk about these powers or has it just fallen completely away into political nothingness ? 
  i 'd vote for a left-wing party with right-wing policies on key topics such as immigration , but then i 'm a guy who thinks the left has been a joke in uk politics for decades .
