  it 's kind of a known thing . 
  * basketball fans were shocked today when , instead of the national anthem for the victorious lithuanians , the hosts played that one video of tifa lockheart giving a guy a blowjob . 
  i 'm signing * ball is life . 
  the scouse are always good , too . 
  the nanny state becoming the big brother state , in short . 
  both labour and tory are entirely on board with the idea of ingsoc 's more compelling policies . 
   ah , the well of wisdom hath spoken . 
  by the way , are n't you the one who was bothering me with a quote he failed to understand spectacularly or am i mixing you up with some other arm-chaired hero with reading comprehension difficulties ? 
  that 's an awful lot of words to say * `` you 're right / u/nilbop . 
  '' * thank you , / u/cordaf , yes i am . 
   easy there xerxes . 
   my country did n't loose any war , by the way , it has imploded from within due to internal crisis that was managed piss-poorly . 
  just so you know . 
  and lost the war . 
  do n't be shy about compounding the failures ; your country collapsed due to decades of incredibly poor economic and legal mismanagement , baffling policy and infrastructure choices and spending billions on a military it could n't afford which helped foster the systemic corruption at every level which tore it apart . 
  and thus lost the war . 
  it 's like if nazi germany were staffed with idiots as well as fascists . 
  except of course germany does n't have a former ss agent running the country . 
   yet , for some reason , western elites , especially the us ones were pretty terrified of the idea of a nuclear conflict with/within ex-soviet space . 
  too bad you were n't there to instruct them . 
  that must be why you 've used all those nuclear bombs then . 
  and why you 're scrambling around in the detritus of a superpower . 
   you see , the thing is , i 've been indirectly quoting ( mea culpa ) this wonderful work by a renown scholar , while you , i do n't know , some rambo movie ? 
  tom clancy book ? 
  incredible hulk ? 
  ah yes , the renowned ivory league treatise * `` my daddy could easily kick your daddy . 
  '' * well there we are then , what piercing insight , what stirring argument . 
  i 'm sorry , did you honestly believe you 'd succeeded in overturning the fact that putin interferes with and manages his popularity polls ? 
  yep . 
  yeah , it did . 
  which the eu later debunked as nonsense which whitewashed history . 
  it 's not terribly complicated little guy , do try to keep up . 
   and nothing we received . 
  repeating ignorance , backing it up with nothing , does not make you appear to be telling the truth ; it makes you appear to be a fool . 
   but that 's actually okay . 
  what is not okay is to pretend that ` we were doing our best , we were helping , we have offered them a hand , it 's all their fault !, 
  ' , when both parties clearly know it 's a bs . 
  who said we were doing our best ? 
  your country had lost the war and we were magnanimous in victory . 
  you were owed nothing , but offered grace . 
  your decision to act like jingoistic imperialists was your own decision and your own ruination . 
   `` my daddy could easily kick your daddy ! '', 
  ( no , they could n't not without a chance of starting a full-scale nuclear conflict , that 's why the us was so active in brokering transaction of soviet nuclear arsenal to russia , btw . ), 
  a threat you 'll never use is no threat , and we know that . 
  nevermind the fact that you were barely even a state at the fall of the ussr , much less anything that would give nato a moment 's pause . 
  and the article [ has been round and justifiably debunked as whitewashing history , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war#aftermath ) yet you continue to peddle it anyway because it fits your politics . 
  that 's kremlin loyalists for you , folks . 
   true . 
  and so it did n't . 
  that 's exactly why the attempts to pose as injured innocence ( `` bbbut we were reaching out !, 
  bbut a nato counsel ! '' ), 
  look so remarkably pathetic . 
  again with the arrogance . 
  you were owed nothing . 
  you made no motions to improve relations with your enemies or the allies you ran into the ground until they turned against you . 
  you were offered a hand . 
  the fact that your pride is too wounded because of your own failure to acknowledge that is your own failing . 
   or , if we chose to not speak politician , nothing , zero , zit , zilch , nada . 
  if we chose not to speak to russia and have no dealings with russia then russia would have ended in the 90s . 
  that 's the simple truth . 
  pride can be a terrible crutch to reason , especially when it is so embarrassingly misplaced as you are demonstrating . 
   `` we could have outright killed you on a spot , be grateful we did n't ! '', 
  ( no , nato could n't have done any of that . ), 
  quite easily . 
  you could n't defend yourselves , and you could n't control your own economies , government or armies . 
  hell , you still ca n't in very real senses , but that 's a story for another time . 
   it was politically very difficult 6 months ago , completely impossible today . 
  why though ? 
   its georgia that attact in 2008 . 
  [ it 's literally not  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war )  as the soviet union weakened in early 1991 , the republic of georgia declared its independence . 
  amidst this backdrop , a 1991 -- 1992 war between georgia and separatists ** left parts of the territory of the former south ossetian autonomous oblast under de facto russian-backed and internationally unrecognised separatist control . 
  ** after the war was halted , a joint peacekeeping force of georgian , russian and ossetian troops was stationed in the territory . 
  meanwhile , a similar situation developed during 1992 -- 1993 in the georgian region of abkhazia . 
  after a prolonged lull , complex relations between georgia and russia began to worsen drastically in april 2008 . 
  ** ossetian separatists began shelling georgian villages on 1 august , ** with a sporadic response from georgian peacekeepers in the region . 
  the georgian army was sent to south ossetia on 7 august to defend civilians and restore order . 
  [ 30 ] most of tskhinvali , south ossetia 's capital , was recaptured in hours . 
  georgia later said it was also responding to russia moving non-peacekeeping units into the country . 
  what 's depressing is that i know i 've linked this to you before and yet you 'd still rather tell lies than admit your government is at fault . 
  why the hell are n't we just restructuring the debt already anyway ? 
  it seems to be the critical issue that actual forward momentum is completely dependant upon !, 
  to be completely clear , it 's the distance the king 's destrier can gallop at noontide on st scrivven 's day . 
  this would 've been fine had georgia just given the provinces autonomy on their own . 
  armed invasion and continued violation of international treaties is not something anyone should be happy with though . 
  i say all this though knowing what your personal politics are , and how you would be jumping all over this if we scribbled out the word * russia * and replaced it with * us . 
  i can get behind that mix . 
  or in front . 
  y' know , whatever . 
  it 's a seldom repeated claim that mother theresa was actually a gigantic bitch . 
   so i am not an economist , but i think no single individual ( banker or politician ) should given credit for why canada did well during the financial crisis . 
  we just did n't a bubble at the time . 
  we did n't deregulate our banks and as a result they were not highly leveraged . 
  carney did what any competent central banker would have done but he was n't exactly dealing shit show anyway . 
  his job was easier than everyone else imo er , great ? 
  i 'm not here to talk about your opinion . 
  i 'm just here to say he 's extremely well respected over here , and that 's it . 
  canada , and yes , he is immensely respected and while beloved might be a little hyperbolic , his tenure here is universally praised . 
  edit : did you seriously roll a new account just to ask me that ? 
   offering a seat to a successor state of the soviet union and a nuclear superpower is anything but a favor or a gesture of goodwill . 
  russia was essentially a gangster state after the failure of the ussr , which it was primarily responsible for .
