  it 's a conflict with one sure winner . 
   russia can continue to shit on its neighbors , and nato wo n't do anything , as long as the neighbors are n't a part of the alliance . 
  russia can continue to murder itself for years sure , but the rest of the world should n't have to suffer for them . 
  hence the calls for intervention , hence the calls for opposing the dictator instead of appeasing him . 
  were you expecting the veto to be bilateral , or something ? 
  this escalation is getting out of hand . 
  how interested would turks west of the bosphorous be in just splitting off , ad-hoc adopting christianity and joining the eu toute-suite ? 
  my * pretty borders disorder * would be incredibly grateful . 
  out of all the religious leaders who married children and lead armies to slaughter thousands , mohammed was by far the most successful . 
  good job i 'm from northern ireland and thus protected by the biggest army in europe then . 
  and the biggest army in the world . 
  where are you from buddy ? 
  you do n't have a flair . 
  i want the chance to contextualize your comments by the unrelated country of your birth . 
  where are you from , man ? 
   oh , do n't talk to me about sovereignty . 
  i was in kosovo . 
  i realize that there is no such thing as sovereignty . 
  that policy would fly in the face of supposedly being kosovo . 
  let 's see if i can do it : i was in northern ireland . 
  i can assure you there is . 
   it 's nato 's conventional might that is inconsequential . 
  russia can pretty much annihilate the word , nobody is going to risk that . 
  nato can annhiliate the world , and thus russia many times over . 
  mad renders russia 's jingoistic nuke build-up inconsequential . 
  a threat you will never use is no threat at all . 
  the only subject of matter is conventional military force , which russia capitulates utterly to nato . 
  there 's no other outcome . 
  ah , the * mario bros * method of troop transportation . 
  dude needs to get laid . 
  semantics aside , georgia was recently overwhelmed by russia the last time it tried to oppose them . 
  it would be wise not to do anything . 
  the international community on the other hand , should take notice . 
  this is going to be another tibet on a smaller scale . 
  watch as the west suddenly starts to take closer notice of this situation . 
   look , that 's nice and al ' , this position is well-renown and wide-spread , nato&us have been forcing it through every single outlet available for the last couple of years , but as someone who had witnessed all that from the other side of the fence , i would humbly name it for what it really is : a big pile of elephant dung . 
  that 's an awful lot of words to say `` you 're right , but i 'm too proud to admit my government acted in the wrong . 
   if that was ` reaching out a hand ' i choose ` confrontation and containment ' , thank you very much . 
  that 's because you do n't understand what either are . 
  we do n't have to be nice . 
  we * choose * to be . 
  you have n't seen confrontation and containment , no matter how much your media has spun it that way . 
  nato and it 's allies across the world could cripple russia economically and diplomatically instantly with absolutely no recourse available from moscow . 
  we do n't do this not out of fear of your nukes , but because we 'd rather have a large , successful , non-corrupt trading partner than a wasteland . 
   what are you even talking about ? 
   if nato wants georgia more then russia , why did n't nato defend them ? 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  it 's not about two football teams playing against each other , the world is more complicated than this schoolyard understanding of politics . 
  it 's about respecting the sovereignty of nations . 
  that does n't go away just because the team you cheer for decides it wants to annex a bit of another country . 
  that 's utter hypocrisy . 
   and the utter defeat of everybody else . 
  no , russia 's militaristic reach is woefully small and - particularly comparing their navies and air forces - utterly inconsequential next to nato 's . 
   yes , because your little pony friend named siegfried told you so . 
  ( and he 's wrong . ), 
  if someone can tell me what this nutjob is talking about with his horse references i 'd love to hear it . 
   whoa , that was random . 
  did you just blindly pasted your system buffer contents ? 
  okay , just so we 're clear , ** levada has accused putin 3 times of disrupting attempts to tell him his approval rating is much lower than reported . 
  ** this is the independent body which you are solely using to assert your claim that putin is not influencing polls and is as popular as you say . 
  that 's the truth of the matter . 
  the fact that you ca n't bear to hear the truth is irrelevant , it 's the truth nonetheless . 
   no , it 's simply that every single time your average russian joe decides to surf da web , he immediately faces , well , you : self-righteous arm-chaired ignoramuses wearing tshirts `` i 've never been to your pathetic excuse for a country , but am more knowledgeable than you in every aspect regarding it '' . 
  and you people are not even fun . 
  see the way i 'm not the one calling * you * a fat bear-fucking alcoholic ? 
  that 's because my argument is based on more than my misplaced sense of national pride and wounded ego because my country is rightly getting butt-fucked by the rest of the world . 
  the americans bitched less you do when they got both barrels from everybody for years for invading iraq , and yet somehow with that in your rear-view mirror you think behaving like a child living his whole life in a state-controlled bubble entitles you to anything more than pity . 
  grow up , pull your head out of your arse , and stop seeking your sense of identity from a dictatorial government which not only does not give a single shit about you , but which has removed handfuls of your rights while you thank them for it . 
   well , that 's how it is , is n't it ? 
  russia took what it wanted , nato did n't wanted georgia enough to do anything . 
  i love the russian apologist understanding of sovereignty as being worthwhile only when it applies to the football team you are cheering for . 
  sorry , nation state . 
  when it applies to the * nation state * you are cheering for . 
  otherwise all bets are off no matter how hypocritical you might be . 
   i think it 's way past that point with russia , since you can not expect to defeat them militarily the same as germany . 
  russia 's military is a fraction of what nazi germany 's was , and it 's opponent is much , much mightier than the allies were . 
  it 's absurd - or pure ultranationalist jingoism - to propose any other outcome than russia 's utter defeat . 
   the whole world would be burning before moscow would be occupied . 
  moscow would n't be occupied , moscow would be a nuclear wasteland . 
  mad applies to all parties at all times . 
  a threat you wo n't use is no threat at all . 
   nato already has troops on russian borders . 
  nato offers no invitations . 
  russia 's former satellite states seek protection from it after decades upon decades of staggering misrule followed by bafflingly militaristic diplomacy in the modern age . 
  it only has itself to blame . 
   russian attacks are mostly preemptive from their point of view , to stop nato from expanding . 
  you attack georgia and ukraine , you push sweden and finland into nato and shore up anti-russian sentiment globally while ensuring one of your oldest allies will soon join your enemy . 
  again , baffling poor and woefully short-sighted diplomacy . 
  considering nato was reaching out the hand to russia , even though it was n't necessary to do so , with a policy of rapprochement and the [ nato-russia council ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato%e2%80%93russia_relations#nato.e2.80.93russia_council ) until russia a ) invaded georgia , which damaged proceedings and b ) invaded ukraine , which caused nato to suspend them altogether russia does n't really have a lot to blame apart from russia . 
  but taking responsibility for your own actions is something the putin regime has a hard time doing , so i suppose your flawed understanding is forgiven . 
   you people and your little imaginary worlds you like to stay in because it keeps you warm and cozy and on a high horse . 
  i 'm literally astonished you can say this with no sense of irony . 
   no , we do n't have a dictatorship it does n't matter if you think you do or not . 
  it did n't matter to saddam 's subjects , it did n't matter to gadaffi 's , and it does n't matter to putin 's . 
  yes , you live in a dictatorship . 
   no , poll numbers you 're referring to are n't provided by any state-controlled media outlet ( on the contrary , the single most-quoted poller is an independent one , ` levada ' ) , super . 
  [ per the wiki article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/levada_center ) on levada :  levada reportedly claimed that putin disrupted at least three attempts to convince him that his approval rating is considerably lower than widely reported . 
  moving on . 
   yes , we do have an access to what you 'd call ` alternative news sources ' , and actually that 's a funny part , because said alternative sources are written by rainbow-coloured unicorns from the netherland ( somewhere near prague or london ) and they are only good in one thing what the fuck is this nonsense ? 
   to help people stick to a state-backed p-o-v because , believe it or not , it is far less ridiculous .
