  kazakhstan 's an interesting country . 
  it 's got massive natural resources and if it 's willing to operate outside of moscow 's say-so then it 's even better for us and them . 
  jesus christ that is cringeworthy in a way that only the most up-themselves toffs could find amusing . 
  troika 's really taking a hardline stance on negotiations . 
  ukip , ladies and gentlemen . 
  peddlers of lies to idiots . 
  a ... brighter tomorrow ? 
  good lord man we 've literally never had it this good , chin up a little there . 
  it 's such a fun word to say , though !, 
  it just feels good coming out , brah . 
  wait , what 's to the south-west of portugal apart from ... water ? 
  well i mean , technically it was never ceded to them anyway . 
  the red army just would n't leave konigsberg . 
  it 's like the lessons are right here but people are desperately trying to avoid learning from them because it might dent your poll ratings or massive bank account . 
  we 've got a kite . 
  one real positive out of russia 's ... * aggressive idiocy * is the highlighting of the need for a more unified federal europe in many aspects , and the expanding of the battle forces to become something that could function as a defence force in a conventional war would be an excellent part of that . 
  you 're the guy who is always salty about this as soon as you hear anything negative about the us and then threaten about taking your army and going home . 
  grow some thicker fucking skin . 
  listen , if i were in charge i 'd be sitting as imperator on a golden throne in brussels waving my massive army around the place , but that 's not what europe is . 
  ... * yet !, 
   i doubt it . 
  i do n't see the us public approving of fighting against russia for the sake of some tiny , irrelevant country that most americans could n't find on a map . 
    and fwiw , i do n't think the uk public would approve either . 
  are you like , new to the anglosphere or something ? 
  `` something about the falkands ? '', 
  - la generalissimo , the 80s . 
  i guess that means it 's working , then . 
  what 's this then ? 
  people called russians , they go the house ? 
  i have a very basic understanding of unemployment but this seems to give undue weight to the influence of germany and overlooks the endemic corruption in southern states like italy or greece . 
  can we just kind of assume the nsa spied on * everybody ? 
  * i feel like this is n't even surprising anymore . 
  it 's like * enemy of the state , * they 're literally movie-level bad guys at this point . 
  it 's a big ole ' cuddle puddle over here . 
  there 's a difference between investing in piraeus and * paying off a country 's debt , * let 's keep our heads here . 
   without the euro , south europe would still have industry ... take all the time you need to explain this one . 
  we 're not going anywhere . 
   since when we care about the opinion of the west ? 
  er , considering the eu is propping up `` your '' economy , you deeply care about the opinion of the west . 
   and definitely not in the russian character ( wich i love ) what does this even mean ? 
   and what usualy i read in financial reports in the last 4 days , i work in finance so many people dont buy the fact that russia would have help since the first visit of tsirpas in april 19 but we sure took some quite good investment deals . 
  or this ? 
   singapore is nicer and better maintained than denmark ; and much more multicultural . 
  utterly bizarre . 
  is there a specific reason they chose diesel generators ? 
  that 's the theory as i understand it , but is it borne out in practicality ? 
  with the trouble greece has facing these reforms the assumption * has * to be that there are greater underlying problems with the theory than the government just not wanting to implement reforms , right ? 
  i do n't want to be hyperbolic but i 'm struggling to think of a country where the rich do n't face substantially less taxes than the common man , or face considerably more leniency from the tax-man . 
  sounds perfectly reasonable to me . 
  so greece is refusing to make certain cuts to things like pensions which could - in theory - help the economy get back on track ? 
  i know who it is without even asking . 
   actually it worked pretty well in every other country that did it . 
  if you think back to when the crisis began countries like spain , italy or portugal were side by side with the greek on the edge . 
  fast forward to now those countries are off a lot better . 
  okay can you give me a play-by-play of what they did and what greece did n't do because i seriously do n't know . 
   the thing when you are broke is pretty much that you have to make cuts . 
  i get that it is n't easy but how do you think it should work otherwise ? 
  i guess maybe investing in the economy to grow it and then reap the rewards ? 
  austerity has obviously not worked for them . 
  i guess if you could give me a list of where austerity worked and where it did n't worldwide since 2008 we could make a go of it from there . 
   is the eu supposed to finance greece indefinitely because they ca n't make cuts ? 
  we 're supposed to support them because we 're part of a supra-national body that 's supposed to help each other out . 
  we 're in it for the bad times and the good . 
  i ca n't imagine greece has n't pulled itself out of it 's troubles because it did n't * want * to . 
  we need to find whatever the problem is and fix it . 
  if someone could pragmatically explain to me how all these cuts are supposed to help the greek economy get back on track and the creditors get paid that 'd be super , thanks . 
  because it does n't seem to have worked , anywhere . 
  does it ? 
  this is n't obfuscation , this is sheer incompetency . 
  putin may look like a liar , but this man looks like a complete buffoon . 
  the same way anyone ends up in a position of power in the eu : by being a compromise candidate . 
  this woman is unbearable . 
  hold on , really ? 
  yeah but in dublin though weeeeeeooooohhh, 
  goddamn dude , why would anyone require that ? 
  i 've no idea what you 're getting at . 
  i 'm referring to this quote from the article :  juncker is the driving force behind proposals by the commission , the executive arm of the eu , ** that 40,000 syrian and eritrean asylum-seekers who have already arrived in europe ** should be redistributed according to a compulsory system . 
  and asking why there are so many eritreans coming over . 
  i 'd assume it 'd be quite difficult to get from eritrea to the eu . 
   one big-ass islamophobic circlejerk . 
  what forum are some of you people reading ? 
  the immigration question and the ukraine/russia situation are important to people in europe . 
  i 'm not sure what you want to happen . 
  if you do n't like the threads , do n't post in them . 
  the problem is your interpretation of what an agenda is is either so broad as to be able to be applied to anyone with a subjective viewpoint ( i.e everyone ) arguing a point or completely against the principles of the reddit . 
  did they bomb eritrea ? 
  i would imagine the honest abe version of that line goes more like this :  at least 700 people from the uk ** are believed ** to have travelled to support or fight for jihadist organisations in syria and iraq or even this :  at least 700 people from the uk have travelled to syria and iraq, 
  you need evidence to convict them of a crime . 
  how can you prove they joined isis beyond a plane ticket showing a trip to syria ? 
  well , i 'm not disagreeing but it is an historically important battle for any number of reasons . 
  plus it 's a coin . 
  you know * buys * coins ? 
  conservatives . 
  you know what they like ? 
  historical battles . 
  this is exactly what i wanted to watch right now and i did n't even know it . 
  i remember that thread !, 
  it completely changed my understanding of napoleon . 
  i 've rarely felt so wrong about something as i did then . 
  i imagine he 'll simply keep pushing the quota angle , or if what tusk comes back with is a strong enough pitch he 'll jump on that and start pushing it in italy .
