  popular opinion in many of those countries is that they 've been living under english hegemony for several hundred years , so regardless of cameron or blair or whatever oxbridge ivory-tower idiot is currently sitting in power this was a movement that was eventually going to happen . 
  of course that 's not to say that being a part of the uk does n't come with massive benefits , and i say that as a guy who grew up in northern ireland . 
  bishop brennan called it gdansk so sorry intellipols , it 's gdansk . 
  this is more of a visible symbol of them promoting their own energy market as opposed to a symbolic stand against moscow , right ? 
  i ca n't imagine this was done with any thought given to the current political climate . 
  neither was i. i assure you , i 'm not war-hungry ; i 'm terrified of dying in some far off ditch for people who will never know my name . 
  but i want my kids to grow up in an eu where this never happens , and if it does then we can , as one voice , loudly say no . 
  if i have to make sacrifices so this place can become a reality , then it 's no decision at all for me . 
   governments do n't sympathize each other like people in those countries may do . 
  the unique situation of the eu means that it will have to come together more cohesively to protect the interests of it 's members and allies , or those members and allies will simply see no need for taking part in it . 
  this is n't some nonsense appeal-to-emotions as you suggest , this is a very real protection of eu interests on the global theatre , witnessed by other global powers as a willingness of the separate but similar nation states of europe to come together as a whole and represent themselves collectively . 
  it 's a vital check on the aggression of belligerent administrations such as putin 's and , critically , whoever follows him and whoever see 's his actions . 
  it must be shown that europe is willing to make meaningful decisions to protect it 's interests against future agression ; in this case , this means the capability to effectively mount a military campaign rapidly and successively on our doorstep , and the williingness to sanction the russian energy market which , if it had actually been enacted months ago , would in all likelihood have prevented these events from escalating . 
  it would have crippled russia 's economy , yes , but those are the consequences russia would have been aware of when sanctions were threatened and they continued to ignore them . 
  the act of protecting ukraine when it is threatened by a belligerent , oppressive neighbour is not just important for these nation-states because the increasingly more educated and opinionated populace of their citizenry want it , but because it will protect interests of member states in the long-run and deter russia and other pariah nations from similar destabilizing attacks . 
  the thought that we wait until the bear threatens a highly contributing member-state like poland before we take action is absurd and gains us nothing but political ill-will , a continuing ineffectiveness on the national decision-making and military level and a reputation for weakness . 
  none of this has been the result of a populace eager or baying for war , it 's the result of endless months of consistent aggression , lies and victim-shaming on a national level . 
  the putin regime has shown that it is not interested in diplomatic measues after over half a year of extending one hand towards the negotiating table while the other is fomenting a violent uprising in the nation it is prima-face interested in keeping safe . 
  and finally i am not sugessting supplying arms to ukraine . 
  i am advocating for a full boots-on-the-ground policy with a contingent from every able member state and an immediate and thorough restructuring of the eu 's military capabilties to ensure it 's role as a global power , to protect the interests of it 's member-states and allies and to lessen the need for a nato presence and investment in europe . 
  this is just back-breaking merkel , for fuck 's sake . 
  he has made a complete embarassment of you . 
  i know people have been dulled by hearing this again and again for months but the fact of the matter is it 's an absolute embarassment that there is no political strength to offer any military aid to ukraine . 
  of the big 3 only france gets an out on this in my book ; cameron is worried about the scottish independance vote ( for some goddamn reason he 's assumedly hoping it 's still not going to happen ) and the ge next year , and merkel has been made an absolute fool of by putin time and again . 
  for god 's sakes he 's brings his dogs to their meetings just to scare her . 
  the time has come for a complete resturcturing of the eu military mechanism , the structre of it 's standing task forces and it 's rapid deployment capabilities . 
  we are all in this together , we 're sharing the same long-term goals and interests and it 's an important message to putin and who comes after him that this kind of aggression , propaganda and outright victim-shaming will not stand . 
  i suppose if you have nothing worthwhile to say you can always argue apathetically about semantics . 
  your equating rebuffing an illegal , prolonged invasion with a fairy tale is startling . 
   and in its arctic islands they never should have awoken the sleeping moose . 
  ** pax canadia **, 
  so the russian state-controlled media has openly admitted it has troops intervening in the donbas ? 
  honestly how long are we going to allow ourselves to be laughed at here ? 
  to be honest i just want additional boots on the ground to a ) make it clear to putin no-one is buying his narrative or willing to stand by while he continues with his nonsense and b ) to bring a swift end to this debacle in the donbas then the ukrainian people can finally start to move on from the ridiiculous past few months russia has plunged them into . 
  it would be nice to have an empirical source on this but from most accounts , if other nations * do * engage in this nonsense then russia beats them on it like the us beats other countries in military spending . 
  i remember hearing about russia testing uk air defenses when i lived there a few years ago . 
  there 's no * sense * to this . 
  we 're dealing with facts in this thread , not arguing the possibility of misinformation . 
  this really is fascinating to hear about and just goes to show how little i thought i knew about south-east europe . 
   first off , your claim was that europe ca n't solve the problem that people die trying to get here . 
  no , my claim was very clearly spelled out that europe ca n't solve africa 's problems , which i will repeat here :  their problems are africa 's problems ; stable economies and governments , reliable healthcare , transparent and universal justice systems , job opportunities and education . 
  again , you want to deal with the symptoms of the illness , i want to deal with the cause . 
   second , the big countries of europe can take more immigrants due to their own population simply due to their bigger populations and economies being able to integrate more people at once . 
  the interesting number is how many is accepted per capita and by that measure the ones you listed ought to accept a whole lot more than they currently do . 
  shame on them . 
  these nations already accept these immigrants from all accross the eu , all accross africa and all accross the world . 
  europe is a highly-sought destination right now and the citizens and leaders of these countries are already trying to deal with these problems and the fact that these educated , experienced professionals are labelling them * problems * should inform the debate more than you saying `` some countries are bigger than others . '', 
  that does absolutely * nothing * to solve the problem these people face other than let you put down your newspaper and think to yourself `` there , i made one person 's life better '' until tomorrow comes and it happens over again and again . 
   you simply choose not to save them by putting less value on their lives than you do on your percieved notion of the effects that would happen if borders were open . 
  do n't you dare preach to me about the value i place on another person 's life . 
  i know full well the consequences of the position i am advocating and i pursue that position knowing that it is a hard decision and knowing it is the correct one to solve the larger problem at hand . 
  you may be unable to substantiate your arguement through anything other than appeals to emotion but do n't you ever be so dishonest as to try and smear your opposing number 's character because you ca n't accept the choices they are advocating . 
  you are aware that the doctors come here of their own volition and substantiate their living off their own hard work ? 
  the governments in london and berlin are n't snatching educated romanian professionals from their beds . 
  i know it 's a shame that professionals are leaving romania but there 's no reason to turn these people away if they do n't want to go . 
  i know we are all tired of this narrative by now and it has seemed to drag on and on without a change in direction for months , but let 's give this the credit it deserves : * russian troops have been captured in ukraine 's borders . 
  * russian apc convoys have been photgraphed crossing into ukraine . 
  * rebel radio chatter made constant use of russian-military callsigns and names . 
  * russian army veterans crewed the supposed aid convoy . 
  this really , really , really seems like a cold war-era cover up of an honest-to-goodness invasion and we all seem to be bending over backwards not to see it . 
  while i do n't doubt russia has been playing dishonestly since the very beginning and has troops killing people in the donbas , some pictures substantiating kiev 's endless claims would really make this seem much less tedious . 
  that 's not my arguement . 
  you are talking about symptons , i 'm dealing with the * cause * . 
  would you bleed africa dry until every citizen left every home because the situation is better in europe right now ? 
  that does n't work out for either europe or africa in the long run . 
  there are always going to be stories that tug at your heart but that does n't mean you should stop your efforts to deal with the root problem that causes them in lieu of a quick-fix that lets you sleep better at night . 
   if they do n't want the gypsies then they should send the doctors back with them . 
  why ? 
  you can dislike my arguement but the burden is on you to prove your assertion that it is irrelevant is correct . 
  opening the borders would be an economic catastrophe both in the eu destinations that suddenly find themselves submerged in hundreds of thousands of fleeing african migrants and the communities these migrants would abandon back at home . 
  both skilled and unskilled market segments would collapse , the workforce would be shattered and any attempts by local politicians to address issues of state would be thrown into abject chaos . 
  and it * would be * a tidal wave of humanity , not a trickle . 
  why should we ask spain , italy , france and the uk ( and other less-popular destinations ) to bear that burden ? 
  that 's because the only sanctions that matter , those on the russian energy market , have n't been implemented because a ) it would cause a lot of discomfort for several eu member-states and b ) the russian economy would litereally collapse overnight . 
  thanks putin , i guess . 
  they should just build a giant death robot , although it does cost like , 400 more hammers . 
  the doctors tend to contribute significantly more when they arrive . 
  not that i do n't like being offered a spring of wild heather and then cursed in a romance langauge as much as the next guy . 
  frugal and first to drown is so good , god damn . 
  i do n't think you understand my arguement ; africa 's problems wo n't be solved by having less africans in it . 
  there is no outcome for them where an improvement is reached through outside influence as opposed to internal change , and none at all without great hardship . 
  that 's the reality . 
  that 's a meaningless statement ; their problems * are * africa 's problems ; stable economies and governments , reliable healthcare , transparent and universal justice systems , job opportunities and education . 
  it 's just cameron reminding everyone that the uk actually exists just off the shore of rhode island instead of a hop across the channel from france . 
  what does this mean ? 
  could catalonia survive on it 's own from an economic standpoint ? 
  it 's not even close to that simple but he 's appealing to emotion , not reason . 
  assumedly most of the africans on those boats . 
  this is not a problem that europe can solve . 
  stop rubbing your bodies in the path of their missile payload , ukraine , please . 
  it 's potentially damaging future trade aggreements . 
  i seriously do n't care what you think . 
  i downvoted your first response because it was moronic . 
  i 'm downvoting this one because it is moronic . 
  i 'm smart enough to know my country is n't a major regional power and emphasized the countries with the ability to make change . 
  or did you think you * got me * there ? 
  it 's almost like he 's a fucking moron undeserving of his office or something . 
  it 's seriously still the war . 
  frame the arguement as an united us-versus-them struggle , which this absolutely is , and few leaders come off looking bad when compared to vladya . 
  what do i want to see ?
