  there 's nothing `` alleged '' about it , it 's out in the open . 
  ... what ? 
  russia has the largest nazi population in the world , that 's got fuck all to do with what 's going on though . 
  that is what i am saying , yes . 
  welcome to talking to trucidator , an otherwise fairly reasonable fellow , about british politics . 
  i love the emerging trend among redditors to go for americanisms . 
  * `` i 've inferred free speech is under attack !, 
  i 'm in the right to defend it no matter what i say !, 
  '' * * `` that 's not self-determination !, 
  why wo n't you let the people of donbas secede !, 
  long live freedom !, 
  '' * * `` crimea was the purest example of democracy in the world !, 
  the legality of the referendum has nothing to do with it !, 
  the army was there to make sure everyone got to vote !, 
  i 'm trying to think of examples of putin 's administration being accused of funding left-wing extremists . 
  yeah it is a bit , mate . 
  i 'll have you know he makes the best grinders in budapest . 
  oh lord here we go . 
  another throwaway account making light of an anti-russian story . 
  oh wow , i did n't believe you until i searched and found a website haha . 
  no pictures , no video of the day though . 
  that had ** zero ** coverage in the media and nobody i know has even heard of it . 
  if you got some pics to share , let 's see them dude !, 
  well let 's be pragmatic . 
  * i 'm sure sweden , being run by what i presume to be * mostly * intelligent , educated adults , would be aware that acceding to nato would mean that russia would then reorient it 's military towards scandinavia * regardless * of whether a russian ambassador said anything or not . 
  weighing heavy decisions is kind of what the governments of countries do . 
  that being said , russia had a chance to downplay tensions by insisting that sweden had nothing to fear and reach out the hand , but instead they decided to rattle some sabres in what was a pretty embarrassing display . 
  * denmark , with what must be the largest of the nordic navies by quite some distance and already a member of nato , has probably considered the rhetoric incoming from moscow before too . 
  that being said , the ambassador giving the ludicrously specific threat that denmark joining a * defensive military shield designed to shoot-down incoming missiles to stop them killing themselves or their allies * will result in russia targeting danish soldiers and ships with * nuclear missiles * is bush-administration level jingoism and * profoundly * damaging to russia 's relations with denmark and the wider eu . 
  * putin 's aide 's message to finland is unwieldy nonsense and reads like it 's spoken by a man who is n't coached to deal with the press . 
  moscow 's attempt to paint russophobia as a narrative that anyone should pay attention to , let alone be * concerned * about , is pathetically dishonest and self-serving , and adding a specific insult into the bargain seems petty . 
  the idea that finland joining nato would weaken security in europe is strictly a kremlin viewpoint , because moscow wants a fractured and separate europe that is easier to control , rather than a large and unified military body that it has to be concerned about . 
  * the entire attitude towards the batlics though seems completely indefensible . 
  it 's been repeatedly stated that certain members of the kremlin do n't view the baltics as * `` real countries '' * and the idea that latvia , lithuania and estonia are making * themselves * targets ( and lukyanov is careful not to add `` of russia '' ) is ludicrous . 
  the whole point seems moot anyway as the baltics are already part of nato and are some of the loudest spokesmen for a reinforcement of northern and eastern europe , and that 's not likely to change . 
  always an enlightening experience speaking with you , / u/dolcester . 
   it is quite relevant in what way ? 
  take your time in explaining it to us . 
   wow schoking !, 
  yes it is like pretty much anywhere in the west that still has not stop the diaspora to support it . 
  or - stay with me - * you * are being lied to by the russian media . 
  i know that sounds mindblowing , but maybe * the entire rest of the world * is n't wrong on this one . 
   not chinese but `` travelling in china '' that is writting on my flair read better next time and i tought it was clear you were ban of the sub . 
  yup , like most westerners brics banned me for disagreeing with her on something . 
   you are annoying nillbop if not evrywhere where i write a single comment there is seriously no discussion to make here . 
  huh ? 
  i mean , i try to bring levity into my work . 
   i dont care you are not russian nor canadian wich i am who cares ? 
   furthermore i am not talking of the opinion of the ukrainian diaspora . 
  that 's dumb . 
  coverage in canada towards russia is overwhelmingly negative and has been since they invaded ukraine . 
  you being half-russian , half-canadian and ( according to your / r/russia flair ) half-chinese has nothing to do with it . 
  what exactly are they meant to stand up to the eu about ? 
  hardest knuckles in europe . 
  i 'm certain ireland and the uk would be much higher if more of us had n't emigrated to canada and ` straya after the credit crunch . 
  i still see thousands of new irish flood into toronto every month . 
  it 's weird how this is literally a lesson that people have been extremely slow to accept over the years since 9/11 thrust the treatment of muslims by the west into the spotlight . 
  i remember hearing years ago that the london met removed the crucifix on their badges after a complaint by a muslim officer . 
  when i say that 's bananas , that 's not me being a bigot , that 's me calling a spade a fucking spade . 
  undoes in what way exactly ? 
  by allowing the same oligarchs to remain in power and riding a rising oil price while driving off the finance minister who did the hard work because of `` ideological differences '' ? 
  well if he 's jealous perhaps he could ask putin for some tips . 
  having lived in canada for 5 years i 'm gon na have to call you out on that one , hombre . 
  toronto is positively humming with anti-kremlin reports all over the media , and being one of the biggest ukrainian cities on earth anything to do with russia and ukraine gets reported a * lot . 
  and yet they 'll complain in / r/russia about the rest of the world only consuming one brand of media . 
  surely that 's supposed to be * 189 % ? 
  we need the opinion of an insider . 
  where 's / u/vigorous at today ? 
   # 400 per sign sounds a bit ludicrous . 
   first , it 's certainly illegal to ship people by force to a random country it 's illegal to not follow migratory procedures to enter a country . 
  compounding on that , they 're refusing to cooperate with immigration officials . 
  this is a solution . 
  they 're not being shipped to a random country , they 're being shipped to one of several countries that they likely came from . 
  it 's not a nice solution . 
  it 's much , much better than no solution . 
   second , what makes you think that country will accept taking those people who have nothing to do with them ? 
  how can they prove they have nothing to do with them ? 
  if the state is in such a state of disarray that they ca n't control their own immigration/emigration then how will they know who belongs to them and who does n't ? 
  why would n't they transport the emigrants to a neighbouring state that these people are from if they realize they are not their own state ( and therefore have found out where they * are * from ) ? 
  that 's their problem . 
  they * have * to be forced to take accountability . 
  it does n't matter if they * want * to or not , these immigrants will * not * be returned illegally to europe . 
  if they disagree further , who cares ? 
  the immigrants will not be returning illegally to europe . 
   no one does . 
  of course they do . 
  the us is far beyond any other military on earth , with an incredibly defensible position , an enormous economy and a titanic ability to sustain itself in times of war . 
   that 's the reason putin is terrifying . 
  er , okay . 
  i mean , i guess maybe ? 
  if this were / r/worldnews i 'd already be swimming in them . 
  if this were / r/russia i 'd already be banned . 
  i 've got a guy . 
  we 're going to give them citizenship and then leave them on rockall . 
  er , russia does n't have the ability to wage a world war . 
  we managed it . 
  changing signs is cheap . 
  changing a lot of signs ? 
  still cheap . 
   the implication is that by teaching those languages listed you are not teaching the other languages because if you do it is no longer standard .
