  sure think of all the poor children in africa who could go their whole lives without finding a live hand grenade . 
   non military aid ? 
  yes , most certainly . 
  military aid too . 
   it is currently a ukrainian/russian issue . 
  a civil war that turned into russia intervening and supporting pro-russian separatists . 
  it could turn into a conflict involving more than ukraine and russia , if either side want to start a proxy war . 
  no , it 's either  an intra-ukranian issue , or it 's an international conflict which anyone can join in . 
  pick one . 
   in that case it was odd to agree with and quote from / u/frankeh who did use that term . 
  sure . 
   whether or not you think it is tired , it is a very real possibility and discussed by newspapers of whatever opinion across the whole of europe . 
  i 'm not sure why you think it relates to a lack of ability or ideas . 
  because it 's an empty topic that 's never going to happen peddled to generate sales or garner or deflect attention to or from certain issues . 
  sure , that was just me chiming in . 
  why is the uk smaller than poland ? 
  this is so slap-dash it 's crazy . 
  china 's not in russia 's corner : they wo n't give russia the deals they need to replace the eu as it 's primary partner and they 've repeatedly said they wo n't even consider backing russia militarily . 
  they are strictly a neutral party looking out for themselves . 
  russia will never join the eu . 
  the current system awarding votes due to population size would give it undue influence , it 's incredibly unpopular almost universally thanks to it 's actions over the past year , it would introduce an enormous cultural and relgiious upheaval to upset the catholic/protestant/atheist make-up of the eu and it would have recently invaded fellow prospective member ukraine , which itself would have years to go to qualify , similar to russia . 
  the russian economy has not been the target of sanctions ; moscow 's political elite have . 
  the kremlin 's own ban on eu produce such as polish apples has hurt it 's people far more than freezing the assets of putin 's inner circle . 
  the major problem the ruble faced was the declining oil prices , which were not part of the sanctions . 
  if the eu really wanted to damage russia economically they would remove it 's access to swift and sanction the energy export market , which combined would lead to an almost immediate and unavoidable collapse of the russian economy . 
  the us is europe 's ally , and helped fund russia after the collapse of the ussr , like the eu did with many post-soviet states . 
  that tends to get lost in all the jingoism and rhetoric these days . 
  yes but that 's an inconvenient truth . 
  i have n't used the word baddie at all . 
  i 'm saying the brexit is a pointless and tired narrative trotted out to sell papers and deflect attention from a lack of ability or ideas among politicians and held onto by certain folk . 
  the perception of the uk as a baddie does n't factor into my narrative at all , i 'm talking strictly internal media . 
  are n't you one of those pro-brexit guys ? 
  yes russia is wrong to arm separatists to prolong the conflict they started in a peaceful neighbouring state . 
  yes the us and the uk are right to offer aid to the elected government to put down this contra-style insurrection . 
  it 's either an intra-ukranian issue , or it 's an international conflict which anyone can join in . 
  pick one . 
  were they literally executing politicians in red square after the fall of the ussr ? 
  because that 's what they were doing in paris . 
   i 've been saying it for a while . 
  us as the ` baddies ' of the eu is an entirely manufactured affair . 
  yup . 
  trotted out by the media and politicians with no good ideas and perpetuated by certain people ( shout-out to / u/trucidator ) for whatever reason . 
  when the president tries to legislate against protests against him * while they 're protesting , * and then fails , and then orders his police force to open fire on his own citizens , and then abandons his office to flee to his paymaster in moscow , the guilt is pretty obvious to apportion . 
  you 've literally stated that getting yourself downvoted was proof of `` western propaganda '' , then admitted that having different opinions is n't proof of propaganda . 
  then you ignored that , and tried to get everyone to ignore the fact that you could n't prove `` western propaganda '' exists by assuming it did and saying `` it 's very effective because everyone thinks how they are supposed to . '', 
  assumedly how everyone is supposed to think is whatever opinion makes it easy for the kremlin to say they are being persecuted . 
  here 's the real reason everyone is anti-kremlin in regards to their ukrainian ventures : because there has been a wealth of information provided over the past year from worldwide unreleated media outlets from tokyo to riyadh to san francisco which shows moscow 's illegal actions . 
  moscow 's only reponse to this is to cry persecution and to deflect by muddying the water and saying `` yes , we control our state media to push a narrative directly , but you ca n't trust any media so does that matter ? '', 
  which the rest of the world is rightfully scoffing at because media vetting has been a thing since the first caveman convinced his neighbour to lend him his best club . 
  so is flossing teeth prevents plaque build-up , and they 're both equally useful to the situation of russia invading ukraine . 
  he needed to end his sentence and that co-opted actually having a point to finish on . 
  ah yes misusing terms i do n't understand . 
   ok guys , i 'm from uk . 
  well , that did n't take long . 
  instigators of conflicts tend to get negative publicity . 
  playground logic tends not to satisfy on the international stage . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're referencing tabloids or putting research papers in quotation marks considering you seem to be having this arguement with yourself . 
  it 's a country of over 100 million people . 
  if they can find people to govern after the french revolution you can kick a few guys out of office . 
  you kept the same people in power doing the same thing as before . 
  so in your mind stalin was not a paranoid madman who killed his own officers in wartime and was responsible for the deaths of millions upon millions of his own people ? 
  well considering a ) the academics behind these numbers did n't invent them and b ) you 're a pretty heavy bigot , i 'm not worried about you applying critical thinking . 
  no , empirical facts made me pause and ask the question why one paranoid genocidal madman was detested and the other celebrated . 
  that 's probably not as easy for you to parse though . 
  per the results of a referendum , yeah . 
  i imagine it 'll happen eventually , once we sort stop becoming an economic black hole and everything . 
  would n't be a stalin thread without / u/rinnve defending him and calling detractors names . 
  new information coming to light over time , vetting and sourcing of information in history textbooks and curriculums as opposed to what is printed in the media , and sure some changing opinions too . 
  got a source on that poll ? 
  i 'd be interested in reading the circumstances of it , that seems like an absurdly illustrative shift in opinion . 
  this is the problem with contrarianism for contrarianism 's sake ; baffling statements like that . 
  considering the ukranian army is several orders of magnitude greater than the russian contras then their victory is inevitable , albeit long , bloody and drawn out . 
  the only scenario where the contras persist is where russia escalates and continues funneling arms and ammunition and military personnel into ukraine , at which point again , the international community should step in to ensure peace and secure the border from the russian army . 
  you 're right , i appreciate you laying it out for me . 
  i think when someone is responsible for the deaths of tens of millions of his own people and yet revered as a hero that 's a pertinent question to ask . 
  soviet , not russian . 
  he was a georgian , remember . 
  and he 's personally responsible for the [ death of 20-60 million people ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789 ) , whether or not he was responsible for preventing anything . 
  how much better would the ussr have faired with a less insane person in his stead ? 
  i 'll worry about the integrity of the organ of state after the invasion they 're facing has been repelled . 
  the rest of the european post-ussr states have had to clean up their act before they joined the eu . 
  i do n't blame the ukrainian people for the choices of their government in the same manner that i do n't blame the russian people for the decisions of their president . 
  probably so the russians would stop killing their people . 
   when both sides are breaching both this agreement and the previous one , and the nation which started this war continues to funnel arms , armaments , military personnel and guidance to the rebels , by what metric can it be said to have worked ? 
   it is a treaty that the main beligerent , russia , has demonstrated they never intended to honour , therefore it 's of no use to anyone but them . 
  i 'm saying the treaty - both treaties - were worthless from the start , as they only benefited russia 's goals . 
  i 'm repeating myself a lot with you . 
   when both sides are breaching both this agreement and the previous one , and the nation which started this war continues to funnel arms , armaments , military personnel and guidance to the rebels , by what metric can it be said to have worked ? 
  it is a treaty that the main beligerent , russia , has demonstrated they never intended to honour , therefore it 's of no use to anyone but them . 
  ergo  until the international community steps in with military force to end this contra-esque insurgency and secure the border in the east , no peace treaties can work . 
  have russia removed all their arms , armaments and military personnel and ceased providing guidance , training and direction to their contra operation in the donbas ? 
  when both sides are breaching both this agreement and the previous one , and the nation which started this war continues to funnel arms , armaments , military personnel and guidance to the rebels , by what metric can it be said to have worked ? 
  it is a treaty that the main beligerent , russia , has demonstrated they never intended to honour , therefore it 's of no use to anyone but them . 
  thus  until the international community steps in with military force to end this contra-esque insurgency and secure the border in the east , no peace treaties can work . 
  thanks , i thought so !, 
  i 'm going to repeat myself here because my point is very simple . 
   if your arms , armaments , and military personnel personnel remain in a foreign nation lending support , training and direction to the rebellion you fomented to cloak your contra then you are n't sincere in your dealings and should not be treated as such . 
  russia has negative credibility on this issue . 
  an international peacekeeping force is the only proper answer to securing peace for ukraine and closing the bleeding border to russia to ensure they stop their clandestine actions . 
  russia instigated this war by invading crimea and staging a contra-style insurgency in the donbas .
