  membership in the eu provides economic growth , western investment and open movement for it 's people and businesses . 
  nato membership provides that attacks from russia like they 're currently enduring would n't happen . 
  ukraine probably assumed russia would n't invade and cannibalize a former ally and then mount a venomous propaganda campaign against them , and to be honest i do n't think a lot of us assumed they would have either . 
  that 's not cause for sympathy for putin . 
  i guess we agree then !, 
  til in australia trolling means `` i ca n't refute what you 're saying but i 'm too proud to admit it . '', 
   i know , how silly to look at nato 's record in fighting another insurgency when discussing how well it 'll do against this insurgency . 
  allright so , just so we 're clear : you think nato 's fighting the taliban ? 
   if you 're a soldier , i highly recommend you volunteer in ukraine right now . 
  they desperately need people like you . 
  no , being part of a big , rich , successful country/union/military alliance means i get to call for our big , rich , powerful armies to do their jobs . 
  you 're welcome to sign up for the russian military though . 
  i 'm sure their jingoistic rhetoric and unilteral aggression would suit your temperment perfectly . 
  yes god forbid nato be used to help solve problems . 
  within it 's own theatre . 
  i do n't think i 'm going to get an answer at all . 
  things i 've learned about your interpretation of whataboutism : it 's only whataboutism if you say the actual word first , regardless of the merit of what you said before . 
  secondly , you made the arguement that poroshenko was dividing citizens based on ethnic lines , when this has been the * open and stated policy of the russian invasion from day one : to protect the interests of ethnic russians . 
  * your arguement is plainly * absurd . 
  * thirdly , nato is not being used as a divisive tool , nato is being used as a defensive instrument to aspire to * so that russia wo n't be able to invade the ukraine again . 
  * nato will not discriminate their protection based on ethnic grounds , unlike russia which is * explicitly * using it 's military on ethnic grounds , because an attack on any constitutent part of ukraine will trigger article 5 nato protection . 
  finally , it 's weird that that needs to be spelled out for you . 
  i did n't realize it was that hard to find your own sign-off line , but there we go , i guess we 're both just going to repeat what i say seeing as i 'm the only one of us who knows what he 's talking about . 
  anyone else really hesitant to click the image link ? 
  if you brought ukraine into nato you 'd see a sudden shocking evaporation of russian arms , armamenets and military support to ukraine . 
   you ca n't even defeat the taliban , for fuck 's sake . 
  you got me laughing at the sheer absurdity of your arguement . 
  nice one , / u/nowhrmn . 
   as far as australia , oh well . 
  on the plus side , we wo n't have to go to war in ukraine on behalf of people like you . 
  i 'll have to somehow soldier on without your mighty approval . 
   cyborgs improved morale in army what ? 
   and ukrainians finally get themselves non-murderers heroes . 
  * ... what ? 
  russia preventing a former client-state from leaving their sphere of influence will be trumpeted as a victory much as their continued occupation of crimea has been . 
  if putin honestly preferred the position they were in half a decade ago he would n't have invaded and then instigated this prolonged contra-esque insurrection in a non-aggressive neighbour . 
  no no , you 're not getting away from this . 
  here 's the question , answer it :  sorry only small portions of what army are in ukraine ? 
  just so we 're clear . 
  if you believe that rusisa with it 's soviet-era army and endemic corruption is going to go to war with nato then i 've got a lambda next to a 3 to sell you . 
   i 'm not afraid of that at all . 
  i 'd be happy to see australia join nato . 
  we 're a stable country that 's not currently at war and probably wo n't ever be attacked . 
  ukraine is anything but . 
  unfortunately australia will never be a part of nato because they are n't in europe , which is one of the few keypoints outlined in article 10 . 
  which does n't state that ukraine must have ceased all conflicts to join . 
  my point being your arguement is tenuous at best and a much more valid concern for the people currently declaring their intention to join nato than the army invading them . 
  it 's weird that that needs to be spelled out for you . 
  just answer the question , it 's pretty straightforward . 
  * `` i 'm petty and i 'm basing my arguement on my personal idealogy instead of reality . 
  shine on you crazy diamond . 
  a massive state of 40 million people , infrastructure , massive industrialization , huge agrarian lands , goodwill of the people and a huge potential future benefit for us in the eu going forward like poland was when it joined . 
  now if you want to tell me what the bulgaria , estonia , latvia , lithuania , romania , slovakia or slovenia could offer that we needed to place them under such a spotlight ? 
  because they were all much smaller and much less powerful than ukraine when they joined , with just as many problems in many cases , and yet in they got and now enjoy nato protection and offer support to nato . 
  sorry only small portions of what army are in ukraine ? 
  just so we 're clear . 
  you do n't get to threaten to kill someone and then say just kidding a few posts later , that 's absurd behaviour . 
  reality based on what ? 
  because the text on enlargement is right up there and it does n't agree with you . 
  edit : a downvote after 6 seconds . 
  good on you / u/jtalin . 
  good on you . 
  sure you do n't . 
   if ukraine joined nato now , you 'd be in maximum danger of immediate mobilisation against rebel forces , whom russia might end up arming with the very best weapons they have . 
  while i 'm not sure why we 'd be `` at risk '' from mobilization against rebel forces , russia already is supplying the rebels with the good stuff . 
  you think they get tanks and artillery and training to use buks just out of thin air ? 
  the next step is a full-on invasion , which nato presence would protect against . 
  but if you 're afraid of russia sending the pacific fleet down to canberra , well , write your prime minister . 
  ukraine 's democratically elected president decided to go with eu rather than russia , ran his re-election campaign and got voted-in on this promise , and then after one phone call from moscow reneged on his promises which would effect the lives of 40 million of his citizens for decades . 
  the current democratically elected government has decided to `` go with '' the eu rather than russia . 
  i 'm not sure what either of these have to do with :  yes i 'm sure russia is going to torpedo it 's economic relations with eu and nato nations because of it 's own policies driving ukraine to their arms . 
  oh wait no they wo n't , because that 's just blustering . 
  and ukraine is not russia 's backyard anymore than denmark is germany 's backyard . 
  and dear god are you bent ? 
  list out all the time 's that the eu and us has * `` sponsored insurrections into russia . 
  '' * i 'd * really * like to hear the inner workings of your mind on * that . 
  * it should be really educational . 
  you 're basing this on what , again ? 
  yes , there is zero reason for nato troops in that region . 
  some of you people are losing your damn minds . 
  i was n't aware that the russian army was much weaker than the ukrainian one . 
  the paralyzing fear of every question in history being blown utterly to the question of * `` b-b-but do you want war with blank ? 
  '' * do n't worry about blank , / u/nowhrmn , let me worry about blank . 
  so because we do n't trust russia we should make amends for our paranoia while they are rewarded for baseless aggression . 
  article 10 is pretty broad on this :  the parties may , by unanimous agreement , invite any other european state in a position to further the principles of this treaty and to contribute to the security of the north atlantic area to accede to this treaty . 
  any state so invited may become a party to the treaty by depositing its instrument of accession with the government of the united states of america . 
  the government of the united states of america will inform each of the parties of the deposit of each such instrument of accession . 
  which says to me that each situation is treated on it 's own merits . 
  you know , in a way that makes sense ? 
  yes i 'm sure russia is going to torpedo it 's economic relations with eu and nato nations because of it 's own policies driving ukraine to their arms . 
  oh wait no they wo n't , because that 's just blustering . 
  i 'm fairly certain russia is alienating culturally russian ukrainians and culturally ukranian ukranians and culturally ukranian russians by attacking ukraine . 
  this is n't crusader kings 2 . 
  i 'm fairly certain there 'll be a more open interpretation of their situation in crimea considering they are 100 % the victim in the scenario . 
  yes something like that . 
  have you got something like that ? 
  i dunno , i kinda feel like such blatant contextual information should be important . 
  how important ? 
  but * `` we do n't want you in nato , so we 're going to bleed you dry to stop you getting in until we get what we want '' * feels really wrong . 
  well it 's been 8 hours and he still has n't replied but , er , yes ?
