  `` that 's got nothing to do with this shit . '', 
  are you sure you wan na do this ? 
  yanukovych was russia 's paid man . 
  neither the us nor the eu nor any other state was involved in the maidan revolution , which was a peaceful protest despite months of oppression , right up until the point where [ russia 's paid man ordered the berkut to shoot at their own citizens . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euromaidan#snipers_deployed_during_the_ukrainian_revolution ) 40,000 people seeking closer ties with the eu ca n't all be us state department blue-shirts , no matter how much you want them to be . 
   was it russia that broke its promise not to expand towards the other side 's borders ? 
  this promise never existed and there is n't a scrap of paper on earth that says it did . 
  give them the spartan treatment : they 've got one day to create an account on reddit otherwise they get thrown to the ** goddamn wolves . 
  shooty bang-bang time , then . 
  of * course * he should say this and of * course * finland should n't care about asking russia for permission , because * why the fuck should they ? 
  if the us were superimposed onto europe this map would be jet-black . 
   after two years of cc , universities practically throw scholarships at you . 
  where did you ever get * that * idea ? 
  hurrah for the ongoing growth and success of cern . 
  more of these kinds of bodies please . 
  what kind of barbarian does n't use the internet everyday ? 
  seriously ? 
  well considering the obvious colonial links between south america and southern europe i 'd agree with you there , but considering proximity i wonder how you would 've stopped people entering from africa and the near-east . 
   when people connected to the hotspot , the terms and conditions they were asked to sign up to included a `` herod clause '' promising free wi-fi but only if `` the recipient agreed to assign their first born child to us for the duration of eternity '' . 
  six people signed up . 
  this is the stupidest experiment imaginable . 
  i imagine everyone of those people were rolling their eyes so hard when they agreed to that absurd stipulation , it 's so obviously fraudulent . 
  come for the weather and long , sandy beaches !, 
  leave because they 've found you and are deporting you back to africa . 
  i know damn-all about turkey but everytime their inclusion into the eu comes i keep hoping they 'll get in so we can `` get '' istanbul . 
  that is a fucking incredible city . 
  come to ireland and see our tiny fucking fields because gavelkind is * horseshit *, 
  ireland : like england , without the english ireland : like england , with the catholic church for bonus points try and work out which is which . 
  is n't eastern turkey essentially a kurdish-majority region ? 
  so i suppose the important questions ( to me , as someone blindly entering into this debate ) are : 1 . 
  can these nations afford it ? 
  i 'd love for ireland to shore up it 's military , but is it feasible ? 
  if it is , then 2 . 
  where is the money currently going ? 
  into important projects , economic stimulation , ongoing wars or people 's pockets ? 
  i had no idea turkey had such a substantial military presence . 
  absolutely no idea . 
  that 's a pretty good burn , allright . 
  * wooo !, 
  i bet you galloway was one of the dissenters , was n't he ? 
  that seems absurdly high . 
  luckily there 's damn all chance of farage getting elected so this is moot . 
  i do n't follow french politics so i do n't know about le pen . 
  sure , no arguement there . 
  everyday shit like this comes up and europe sits aside and does n't take military action just pisses me the fuck off now . 
  does this imply that the insurgents have access to hardware that they shoul n't , or what ? 
  arbitration is a form of atlernate dispute resolution , it 's outside the courts . 
  e : okay , the article does n't mention arbitration . 
  i 'll have to look this legislation up before i get even more confused . 
  absence of evidence is not evidence of absence . 
  if you know they are n't explicitly bound by any laws that 's one thing , if you are assuming it because of a lack of data that 's another . 
  i 'm going to try and find the governing legislation on this . 
   the whole point of a private court is to circumvent public legal procedure . 
  no , look ; arbitration and in fact almost all forms of adr are private by nature . 
  they * are n't * court cases , they 're an attempt to avoid that . 
  these are n't one liners , i 'm genuinely curious . 
   private courts bound to no legal code where are you getting this from ? 
  so in short you are downvoting me because your jokes are n't funny . 
  wonderful . 
  you can probably afford to shelve the promotion of your political beliefs through clothing in the case of a nation that suffered immensely under regimes practicing those beliefes . 
  i doubt i 'm alone in that . 
  it 's pretty difficult to argue that the hammer-and-sickle symbology was n't popularized under the ussr . 
  what ? 
  why should n't they exist ? 
  [ they do exist , yeah . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/law/2011/nov/04/corporations-powerful-tool-against-governments?guni=article:in%20body%20link ), 
  how about opening the country to trade and investment , improving the quality of life of it 's citizens and letting western culture bleed in , a la japan ? 
  companies can already sue governments . 
  if you do n't see how having to represent 80 million muslims through the mostly christian/secular eu in policy-making is n't a big deal i do n't know what to tell you . 
  yeah considering the arrest this seems like a visible retaliation for the abduction of the estonian counter-intelligence officer . 
  of course , he 's an active agent whereas these two are retired . 
  * token joke about polonium-poisoned mackerel or halibut . 
  a military invasion is not the way to change the mindset of a nation . 
  see for reference ; ireland , ukraine . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  it does n't weaken any military in any practical sense and russia would never assault an eu or nato member . 
  nevermind the fact that the eu continues to appear weak for as long as it does n't take decisive action against beligerent aggression against a sympathetic state . 
  why ? 
  it will be fascinating to read details of these reforms , both as an insight into poroshenko 's mind and to see how likely they are to be implemented before the deadline . 
  also , i flat-out do n't know what kind of reforms ukraine would need to make to draw it inline with eu guidelines , so it 'll be an interesting read to see where they 're at right now . 
  which is what , exactly ? 
  religion is absolutely an issue and it 's idealistic to suggest otherwise . 
  suddenly adding 80 million muslim citizens into the eu would change the face of policy making and legislation dramatically . 
   the border issue has always irked me the wrong way . 
  as if eastern eu does n't border an unstable region , cyprus is a short boat trip from the levant , malta from africa , spain even has exclaves in muslim africa . 
  these other holes in the eu 's castle gates serve as entry points for just as many radical muslims as turkey 's border with greece and bulgaria . 
  the difference is those borders are pre-existing , whereas inclusion of turkey would increase the size of that border , bringing the eu into contact with the endless hotspot of the middle east , with the benefit mainly being turkey 's . 
  if the other issues were solved first this would doubtless be less of a problem , but then again if they were solved it may make turkey even more useful as a stable buffer-zone . 
   i guarantee you if anatolia were under christian greek rule this would n't even be a conversation . 
  it would still be a conversation , but it would be a much , much friendlier one than the one turkey is being forced to have right now . 
  the diplomatic climate will be a lot different by the time 2020 rolls around , you can bank on that . 
  the war will be over and ukraine will have a chance to stabilize and poroshenko will have had a chance to make diplomatic ties with western nations . 
  he would be wise to make use of the time he has in the spotlight over the immediate future to build upon this . 
  a big issue will be where russia will be economically , diplomatically and militarily in 2020 . 
  and whether vladya is still tzar or not . 
  the critical change :  the russian state duma has voted 434-1 to bring in a law to limit foreign ownership of russian media to 20 per cent , writes professor stefan hedlund . 
   in addition to limits on foreign ownership , the law also imposes a ban on media outlets being funded or run by foreign groups or individuals , including russians with dual nationality . 
  as he presented the initiative , lawmaker vadim dengin warned that western media organisations were buying up russian papers in order to sway russians , particularly the younger generation . 
  if russian media were exploding in popularity this would make sense . 
  as it is it seems short-sighted and more damaging to a wobbling russian economy through discouraging foreign investment .
