what the fuck are you warbling on about . 
  the us is by degrees the largest contributor to nato and the de facto head of the organization , with their generals in control of every theatre nato enters . 
  of course they 'd be expected to contribute most . 
  personally i 'd much prefer a combined eu military take action on this as a sign of strength from an involving eu martial force . 
  that seems to be a long-term effort though , although perhaps this crisis will help push it in a more cohesive direction . 
  if you think that russia would actually attack a nato presence i 've got a lambda sign with a 3 next to it to sell you . 
  of course , but he said what he hoped would happen and i 'm responding in kind ; ukraine has made overtures towards joining nato and pending a theoretical invitation from poroshenko for aid against an invading belligerent nation i 'd love for nato and eu boots on the ground to end this conflict swiftly and decisvely . 
  after that , we can start talking to russia about war reparations . 
  would n't * that * be a fine thing . 
  of course it is . 
  just like he uses gas prices as political leverage . 
  i think he 's proven by now he has no answer for the economic problems his economy has been beset by , except doing what he has always done and assume it will get him out of trouble . 
  oh whatever . 
  i 'm so sick of this narrative . 
  speak for yourself . 
  this is what 's been going on for months , now they 've simply got caught . 
  this kind of duplicitous smug-faced savagery should n't be allowed within the borders of europe . 
  lok tar ogar , young one have you come to serve the * rufed * ? 
  i work in toronto and holy crap , every east asian nationality has one ineffable thing in common : they all dump on the filipinos . 
  i 've got no idea why . 
  i 'm from south down , so damn straight . 
  [ we 're actually pretty close on this : according to the who , south korea drinks more than us . 
  according to the oecd , we drink more than them . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption ) surely we can celebrate our commonalities here , rather than our differences ? 
  i for one ask for seoul , the dublin of the east , to raise a glass with me that we may toast each other 's fine love of the grain . 
  holy crap , that 's some fairy tale looking shit there . 
  it speaks volumes that some of the southerners can not only say that abandoning a million irishmen in the north is a good idea but that they can clap their hands to their ears and feign ignorance to what is going on up there . 
  hey , you know what ? 
  we 've had to put up with lunatics in this state trying to kill us for simply being who we are for decades , we 've not been able to rely on our police force for decades , we 've not been able to travel to parts of our own country for decades , and while much of the problem is the two major parties of the state learning to live side-by-side you better * fucking believe * that westminster and the dail have a lot of god - * damn * responsibility in helping sort out the shit that their decisions helped put in place . 
  you do n't have to acknowledge us but do n't you * dare * thumb your noses at us or the loss of futures and loved ones we 've gone through to get where we are today . 
  ulstermun chiming in . 
  the improvement over the past two decades has been remarkable , though to be honest the big movements were made and felt by the end of the 90s , with the past 15 years being norn iron coagulating into it 's current state . 
  the ira ceasefire of 1997 was the big one for me ( and that 's me speaking as a nationalist in a nationalist area ) which did a lot to relieve tensions , even if their unionist counterparts were never as reliable , and the gfa and to a lesser extent the st andrew 's agreement did a lot to create a more balanced state . 
  there 's still a lot of problems ; the psni is in most respects a continuation of the * supremely biased * ruc ( rather than making reforms to make the body more palatable to nationalists they simply hired poles to bring their catholic/protestant quota up to parity ) , our mps are still a bunch of lazy wankshafts and they 're almost all from the hardline parties ( the unionist dup and nationalist sinn fein ) , and there 's still some streets in belfast you would n't walk down with an ireland jersey on ( it 's my experience that the taegs are better about this than the prods ) but the days of bomb threats , shootings , kneecappings and not being able to walk down down the road without being super-nervous about unattended bags are long gone . 
  second . 
  that 's true ; it 's a bizarre case of claiming they are at once standing alone against a gigantic mega-nation while at the same time being supported by all their friends around the world . 
  i 'm currently doped-up to heck on cold-and-flu drugs so i 'm just gon na flat-out ask you to explain some things to me :  \u2022 ireland unit labour costs are competitive with germany 's and the euro is therefore not overvalued vis-a-vis ireland . 
  what 's this mean ? 
  what , uh , what 's that guy on the lower-left doing ? 
  i think anyone would be sympathetic to the victims of land-theft and genocide . 
  the ones i 've met in real life have been lovely people , and their history makes me sympathetic to them . 
  well , not * you * , obviously . 
  but now the important questions : will the missiles have tiny little wings ? 
  personally speaking that 's good to hear . 
  the more i learn about armenia the more i think they deserve more time in the press . 
  as an irishman i have mail-order degrees in religiosity * and * religionomy . 
  there 's no article 9 equivalent to the shanghai 5 as far as i know , i.e no mutual defence clause , so i imagine it was more a political thing than anything else but now , given russia 's growing pariah status and us-or-them trade and diplomatic mentality i would n't be surprised if china is n't so keen on nailing their colours to this mast . 
  parr is actually the one i see most commonly . 
  * it was a fair guesstimation . 
  stay out of this o'neill , you do n't want any of this . 
  god we were a mess . 
  take heed people , this is why you want a centralized power base . 
  personally i blame the vikings for killing boru after the battle of clontarf was won . 
  more specifically i blame * you , the reader !, 
  that 's truely tragic , then . 
  i hope she 'll be able to recover . 
  what could this realistically be about ? 
  protesting some government legislation ? 
  employment issues ? 
  some religious or cultural protest ? 
   also , indians do n't make way for emergency vehicles . 
  wait , does this mean the law/policy is in place there and they simply do n't do it ? 
  it looks like a level from * hitman : turkish delight . 
   it 's pretty cro-magnon - akin to what you 'll see in britain on a friday night this is such a bizarre name-and-shame . 
  i 've been drinking in france , spain and germany and this attitude is prevalent everywhere . 
  i 'm sure the swiss are just as guilty too . 
  last i checked you also had football fans . 
  it would never be admitted . 
  it 's influence considering it 's population and ultranationalist tendencies , never mind corruption and history as a belligerent , would be overwhelming . 
  it 's essentially the same reason turkey will never get in , minus the religious issues . 
  do n't bring your facts into / u/ljaubrey 's white-knighting . 
  him , / u/gangnamstylingonyou , / u/teor , / u/wearebrics ( the desperation of that name saddens me ) , all the / r/russia hometown favourites . 
  then nobody will believe there is a war in ukraine unless there is a live worldwide stream of putin wrestling poroshenko to the death on the streets of kiev with a russian fox news / rt logo in the corner . 
  there is zero chance of this ever occurring . 
  til ireland is more nordic than esti . 
  that and iron worth a damn . 
  i 've the strange urge to bust that open for the souls hiding inside it . 
  cheers for the neat chart . 
  i do n't understand that ; the legality of it is a key part of the issue and explains every participants actions . 
  not legally ; the lease is n't in your name , you are n't paying the bills , and your neighbours do n't recognize it as yours . 
  all you are doing is squatting , that 's why the legal distinction is there . 
  now if russia squats long enough ( and actually starts paying the bills , considering crimea is without water and power ) then people will eventually start to regard the territory as theirs . 
  the sanctions are in place to discourage that from happening and only seem to be increasing while russia investment in the region has been minimal , so we 'll see if the long-term goal is anything other than ensuring the port of sevastopol stays in their hands . 
  i 'm not the kind of person who expects much from a server , so bearing that prejudice in mind yes , that 's been my experience . 
  it does n't sound like you 've ever owned an apartment . 
  it 's not me , but i 'd have no problem doing it because i disagree with calling crimea russian and it 's factually incorrect to do so . 
  i kept looking for dr crane banging his gavel to send the man to death by exile . 
  sure , they 're currently in military control of the region . 
  i 'm not contesting that 's the present state of affairs . 
  i just fired this into google translate so apologies if it 's hard to follow :  serbia aleksandar vucic refused to sign the protocol governing the payment of a debt for russian gas by march next year , in the amount of approximately $ 200 million . 
  vucic has refused to sign a guarantee that the serbian march to return the debt , because he believes that putin 's request inappropriate and unfair , given the fact that russia via the oil industry of serbia is already profiting in serbia . 
   unhappy with the prime minister 's refusal to sign protocol on return of debt in the next four months , putin two days after his visit to serbia , decided to reduce the supply of gas to one third of the total agreed amount . 
   today writes that vucic putin as a reason for refusing to sign a binding document that serbia should repay the debt by march next year , said that russia takes huge profits via nis , allowing the harmful contract for the sale of the company concluded between russia and serbia in 2008 . 
  they have already done something about it by declaring it illegal . 
  the ever-inscreasing economic sanctions imposed on russia are a reflection of this view and a substitute for military action , the aim being that at some point it will no longer be worth the economic , political and diplomatic cost to russia for occupying ukranian territory . 
  you have absolutely zero understanding of international law . 
  neverminding the fact that there is no mechanism in the legislature of ukraine - as the uk allowed in scotland or both the uk and ireland allow for northern ireland - the sovereign owner of the land , to allow a legal exit via referendum , [ a majority of un nations have declared the referendum illegal and not binding . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_referendum,_2014 ), 
  justification has nothing to do with it . 
  a majority of the world views it as illegal and crimea as ukranian .
