  if you 've got something as daily as rt or as amazing as * `` two american marines rape a girl in lviv before they get there '' * then go nuts . 
  `` network defies government on grounds of journalistic impartiality . '', 
  yes , that sounds just as bad as rt. 
  still do n't care . 
  as long as i see my royalties . 
  thanks , some dude i do n't care about 's alt account . 
  okay , going to ignore this one now . 
  each one that i read from you were hypothesis about the future of russia 's economic position , not evidence of that change being at all based in reality today . 
  i do n't think many of us care what putin is satisfied with , none of us recognize crimea as russian , but that 's aside from the point that an attack on joint eu/nato members would bring about the end of russia as it currently exists . 
  * `` that 's my jam . 
  '' * - william shakespeare . 
  100 euros ? 
  how long do we get her for ? 
  well , they ai n't making any more of it . 
  which one ? 
  if i were to tell you that the sky were blue , and you were to tell me that it were green , the lesson would not be to keep an open mind about the coloration of the upper atmosphere , it would be that your position is ludicrous . 
  for those unwilling to click , it 's a short article with a more in-depth video attachment :  `` all companies that operate in the european market - no matter if they are european or not - have to play by our eu rules , '' said margrethe vestager , the competition commissioner who last week opened a similar high-profile case against us internet giant google . 
   eu 's charges against gazprom :  1 . 
  overcharging  2 . 
  restricting sale of gas  3 . 
  blocking rival suppliers, 
  that 's down to how far the competition commissioner is willing to push this and how good she is at persuading others . 
  there 's no legal mechanism for her to enforce this , it essentially comes down to whether the eu will threaten to halt business with or withhold/reduce payment to gazprom until it answers these charges . 
  while that would be the proper thing to do , it seems unlikely . 
  according to the video itself , gazprom will have 12 weeks to respond and if the charges are upheld ( by what body it does n't say ) then the eu can fine gazprom up to 10 % of it 's $ 100 billion global turnover . 
  speculated scenarios wherein within 5 years time russia has already diversified it 's economy / has not diversified it 's economy is not proof of any diversification in it 's economy . 
  that 's the difference between hypothesis and evidence . 
  okay , lay out for me some ukrainian media-sourced bullshit . 
  so despite the fact that you linked the same source article 3 times , in none of those iterations does it give any indication that russia is moving on from it 's crippling overdependance on energy exports brought about by putin 's chumminess with the oligarchs . 
  let 's give poroshenko a chance before we start calling him corrupt . 
  he 's been in power less than a year in a country under siege by russian contras . 
  he 's back !, 
  oh my god it 's adorable the bigot is back on his new account !, 
  stop turning me against sexual equality, 
  `` god created adam and eve , not adam and dougal . '', 
  reporting outright lies in media is propaganda now . 
  what a strong arguement . 
  to british folk , it 's still one of the most trusted news outlets in the world , and for good reason . 
  not reporting bullshit is not the same as reporting bullshit . 
   yes but the beginning of every kremlin apologist 's post . 
  that looks like john oliver in a ridiculous helmet . 
  you 've been ruled by a tzar for 16 years and still worship the ground he walks on despite his relentless stupidity in driving off finance ministers , continued overreliance on oil and gas and his oligarch chums , and destroying russia 's standing in the world . 
  when you 've got your own house in order , * then * you can complain about the country you are invading , okay chum ? 
  irish and english are connected to each other . 
  we had quite a few differences but now we 're getting along fine . 
  not because some random person rolled in and told us to suck up to the british . 
  i am so bloody sick of this persecution complex . 
  i know it 's a very british tradition but i was certain more countries did this anyway . 
  do n't they do this in france ? 
  eitherway , it 's an interesting move . 
  five times . 
  okay , done with the troll now . 
  well heck i mean , not for nothing , but the moderator of / r/russia just posted this :  well , russia did suffer a lot more from nazism than hebrews , so there 's that . 
  if your complaint is that your comment is at the bottom of a thread , then you should start a new thread . 
  if your complaint is that your comment is unpopular and you do n't understand why , perhaps you should try in good faith . 
  that 's fine , it was n't for your benefit . 
  if you were interested you would have googled habsburg :-), 
  i 'm on mobile so i 'll summarize for you instead . 
  you suggested ukraine had no legal claim to its land ( an amazingly stupid thing to say ) and quoted the dissolution of czechoslovakia as what you assumed was corroborating evidence . 
  when i reminded you that by this logic russia would have to give away konigsberg , st petersburg , karelia , chechnya and others , you ride to dodge the point . 
  four times . 
  if anybody thinks fifa is going to take a moral stance on * anything * when sepp * the swedish sceptic tank * blatter is in charge they 're pissing against the wind . 
  you realize that anybody reading this , including you and me , has already read all your earlier quotes , right ? 
  people not agreeing with you does n't mean you ca n't make a comparison , in fact generally the done thing is to whine embarrassingly about the `` hive mind . '', 
  we do have `` large number of our citizens living outside its border '' , it 's called the eu . 
  countries want to join our sphere of influence because we 've got a better reputation for ... 
  doing * everything * than russia . 
  diplomatic relations , rule of law , human rights , personal freedoms and movements , job opportunities , whatever . 
  habsburg spotted !, 
  `` uh hey guys russia 's invasion of ukraine is legal because of czechoslovakia . '', 
  `` wow that sure is some bullshit logic killercroc , by that reasoning russia should be giving half it 's land away . '', 
  `` no because i do n't want to believe that ! '', 
  `` wow killercroc you are n't very good at this . '', 
  `` i know :( '', 
  and this is where i stop talking to the admitted bigot . 
  if you 've not followed the development of the russian petrostate economy over the past 16 years i doubt me pointing you to google will do much to amend your ignorance . 
  that being said , [ here 's a helpful start . 
  get back to me after class . 
  ] ( https://www.google.ca/?gfe_rd=cr&amp;ei=n682vzrz5ozxb8ffgjam&amp;gws_rd=ssl#q=correlation+between+rising+oil+prices+and+the+russian+economy ), 
   that 's not how article 5 works . 
  you ca n't invoke article 5 unless a nato member is directly attacked , and if that member declares war and attacks the subject first then it is n't really going to fly ... and the eu mutual defence clause is n't worth the paper it 's written on . 
  that 's what he said , on top of repeated explicit reference to nato . 
  that 's what i 'm calling him out on . 
  oil prices is literally all that 's improved life in russia . 
  give me a shortlist of positive policy putin has pushed forward , or progressive legislation he 's implemented , or spin how he 's damaged russia 's standing on the world stage worse than bush did to the us with less ability to repair it . 
  he 's presided over a moribund economy and demonstrated zero understanding of the problem ( beyond `` we 'll use our oil ! '' ), 
  or any ability to remedy the problem , his friends are protected and his enemies ruthlessly oppressed just as when he understood the world back in the kgb . 
  he 's allowed the same oligrachs who stepped from political soviet office to private ownership in russia to remain in power and most rumours are that he 's stolen a tidy sum for himself . 
  beyond being a jingoistic sabre-rattler he brings very little to the table . 
  when the arguement is * `` i 've got to be right because i hate the west '' * i do n't really need to . 
  er , i destroyed your arguements , if you could even call your brainwashed proseltyzing `` arguements . '', 
  it was really , really simple . 
  nothing gets people on your side like being a moaning pedant . 
  i suppose if you do n't want to lose an arguement gracefully you can always do what this guy just did . 
  that 's an interesting debate strategy , let 's see if it pays off for him . 
  this arguement was n't exactly great to begin with but by this point i 've no idea what you 're even arguing * for . 
  when i lived in ireland : all the time . 
  living in toronto : what 's an earthworm ? 
  now to become evil and abuse all your secrets !, 
  so these are the anti-trust charges they mentioned earlier , with the full charge sheet expected by as soon as wednesday .
