  this map is so thorough it 's left nobody happy . 
  except estonia , of course . 
  i 'm genuinely interested . 
  someone once told me that , to people who do n't speak english , someone talking in english sounds like a man trying to talk with a mouthful of potatoes . 
  which was fascinating for me because i had no understanding of english as noise as opposed to speech , but something like french could be all `` le boulangerie c'est lestvagine du citee '' or what have you , because i could n't understand it . 
  so now i 'm fascinated by how other countries think other countries sound when they 're talking . 
  i 'm aware this may make me sound crazy . 
  which there is very little of . 
  he 's making a joke about russian invasions , i think . 
   the thing is that , he made fornication legal i do n't think i understand . 
  you mean he legalized prostitution ? 
  is there a german stereotype of how polish talk ? 
  that still makes no fucking sense . 
  do you know what propaganda is ? 
  do you know what it * is n't ? 
  i need james may 's opinion on this . 
  he got downvoted for giving a picture-perfect example of the propaganda the article describes . 
  the existence of redditors mocking a political cartoon is your proof of russian propaganda ? 
  that makes zero fucking sense . 
  i 've never once seen a political cartoon used as proof of russian propaganda . 
  ah yes , i remember that now . 
  certainly seems to have been one of his major failings , looking back on it . 
  like a lot of his presidency the theory was noble but the result was ... unsatisfying . 
  we do n't trust our press because we are aware of their failings , but we use this mistrust to gauge the worth of what they are saying . 
  moscow will tell us to not to trust any media with one hand , and then , utterly unrelated and seemingly unconnected on the other , put out a lavishly funded and utterly scripted product with the sole agenda of saying anything they can to achieve one man 's political agenda . 
  you know that scene in game of thrones where robert is explaining to cersei why 40,000 dothraki are a threat , and he balls up his fist and smashes it into his palm ? 
  it 's that . 
  one army , a real army , united behind one leader with one purpose . 
  considering the generally low hdi in russia and taking at face value ossetian and abhkazian desire to join the rufed , what 's the legitimate reason for doing so ? 
  at what point has the far richer , better-supplied west allowed itself to be out-untouchable 'd in this scenario ? 
  would a just country give us abba ? 
  never . 
  well , at least your skill will be in great demand in future . 
  and it 's not just the invasion of ukraine , but the reaction to the rest of the world 's reaction . 
  the bullying of the baltics , the abduction of the estonian border agent , the sending of the sub into stockholm , the direct warning of finland not to join nato , the constant and unilateral buzzing of european airspace with military aircraft , and the utter lack of opposition to these absurdities and putin 's continued 15-year dictatorship . 
  it 's all irrevocably damaged the world 's image of not just the russian government , but russia in general . 
  the whole what ? 
  i think we 've taken this as far as it can go , fellas . 
  okay , * that * i 've never heard of . 
  the real answer is it evolved from the old systems of aristocrats-becoming-politicians , where they essentially protected themselves as much as they could when they were able to do it without accountability , and what are our modern-day politicians going to do ; actually take a * stand * against corruption ? 
  implied as opposed to actual in many cases . 
  you see anyone prosecuting bush ? 
  hell the first thing that happened to nixon was a big , fat pardon . 
  it 's a shame but even today the allure of great oratory and nationalism can easily override good , hard logic , sensible planning and sound diplomacy . 
  tldr ; erdogan is saruman the white . 
  so out-of-date knock-offs , then . 
  that 's cuz space is space is fascinating . 
  in their defence , they * are * just knock-offs of other countries arms . 
  you ai n't fuck around when it comes to celestial movements . 
  sweet . 
  well hell , reddit is n't free from this . 
  here 's the moderator of / r/russia yesterday :  warning for spreading false information . 
  your information is unverified , based on an estimation of an unqualified source , not to mention highly outdated . 
  further attempts to defame russia will result in a permanent ban . 
  yes that 's right folks . 
  do n't say anything bad about russia . 
  bear in mind i got banned from there for a comment posted * here * ... about my banning from there . 
  this , except unironically . 
  because fuck fifa and sepp blatter , that fat old amoral fuckstain . 
  i 'm northern irish so i 'm covered anyway , but i imagine there 'd always be interest in increased freedom of movement between desirable countries . 
  also the process of acquiring british citizenship takes 6 years last time i checked . 
  that 's a slow-burn problem . 
  things involved in acquiring a visa : * investment of time * investment of effort * investment of capital * stress it 's not in the least bit free . 
   if you support this you must support the uk leaving the eu , do n't be both ignorant * and * melodramatic . 
  flexibility exists everywhere within the eu , and even though this proposal would n't happen framing support for freedom of movement as an anti-eu or anti-uk political narrative is shamelessly asinine . 
   i do n't think canada , australia and new zealand would agree to this as long as the uk is still in the eu . 
  why on earth not ? 
  being an investor gives you decidedly more power than being invested in . 
  the power of deceptive numbers . 
  it 's all the postcolonialism , baby . 
  as a norn ironer , that 's actually adorable . 
  the chinese : a great bunch of lads . 
  if the right things are said , sure . 
  i think it 's fair to say that there 's been some sea change in that time that 's rather thrown the last 15 years into stark relief . 
  those are some astounding mental gymanstics you are doing right now . 
  it would take something like regular russian soldiers occupying ukrainian soil before he could feel validated in requesting - * waaaait a minute *, 
  first they came for the georgians , and i did n't speak out because i was not a georgian . 
  then they came for the ukrainians , and i did n't speak out because i was not a ukrainian . 
  then they came for everyone else , and i came with them because i was / u/doctomoe . 
  he 's just swept up in this cold-war-era-esque view of russia as the invincibile red threat when in reality it 's an aging army run by incompetent old war hawks . 
   so , seriously , do you think a bundeswehr twice the size than now had an actual chance against russia ? 
  do you think a spanish military the size they had under the franco regime has ? 
  do you even consider france to survive more than a day or two ? 
  you are living in a hollywood dreamworld of a russian military that simply does n't exist in reality . 
  you 're a part of the eu and [ you are covered under our mutual defence clause . 
  ] ( http://europa.eu/legislation_summaries/glossary/mutual_defence_en.htm ), 
  unfortunately this government has been allowed to remain in power for 15 years , and before this russia was governed by the endlessly corrupt soviet dictators , many of whom still hold positions of power today . 
  lack of action is also a choice . 
  simply put ; no . 
   technically we would be committed to assist them , but they would n't be to us . 
  so i see no obligation why i/we would support them . 
  the first sentence explains the second . 
  if he moves on finland then the eu would intervene . 
  if he moves on nato members in the eu intervention then article 5 trriggers . 
  it does n't discriminate between attacks on nation-states or their agents . 
  sure we have / u/vigorous and / u/ian56 to do that for us already . 
  well , that 's open for strenuous debate . 
  jesus christ it literally says that . 
  [ per the wiki page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_georgian_war ) :  as the soviet union weakened in early 1991 , the soviet georgia declared independence as the new state of georgia . 
  amidst this backdrop , ** a 1991 -- 1992 war between georgia and separatists in the south ossetia region left parts of that region under de facto russian-backed and internationally unrecognised separatist control .
