  * i 'm not sure why you think the acting head of government would become acting head-of-state , that 's not how it works . 
  the powers are separated for a reason . 
  you do n't believe the maidan happened organically because the eu provides more for it 's members to be successful economically , diplomatically , culturally , legally and provides greater accountability in government , greater human rights protection for it 's citizens and businesses and greater freedom of movement for it 's citizens than russia can offer with it 's energy-export dependant market and endemic corruption ? 
  just like the baltics , poland , heck , all the post-soviet members of the eu have seen ? 
  no , that 's a youtube account . 
  then flair up , baby . 
  volhynia and galicia happened in 1945 . 
  not all ukrainians are nazis , good christ . 
   the eu was not the sole issue of poroshenko 's candidacy ( and nato was not as yet being discussed ) , a majority does not mean other points of view should not be respected , the main pro-russian candidates party ( party of regions ) was not functioning properly after the events of maidan , and the contested donbass region did not vote . 
  the fact that the pro-russian party did so poorly ( it expelled 3 candidates , including the favourite , a month before the elections ) is evidence of the lack of support for it . 
  it was yanukovych 's own party , i 'm not sure why you are trying to qualify it 's performance as `` not functioning properly '' when it had sent the previous president into power . 
  the donbas did not vote because of the russian invasion : [ every eastern region surrounding it voted for poroshenko . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:ukrainian_presidential_election_2014_map.png ) honest inference from that result very obviously shows support for poroshenko even in the east . 
   the reports of polls i could find give values for eu/cu support in march 2014 as 50 % eu , 31 % cu . 
  while nato membership support increased from 30 % in 2008 , to 40 % in april 2014 and 51 % in december 2014 , i imagine support for the cu has rather fallen since then and support for the eu/nato only risen . 
  bare in mind though that while the polls themselves may be legitimate , the moscow times is not exactly an impartial source . 
   nato is a very polarising issue , yes , being against joining nato is now a minority view , but it is not a fringe view . 
  the argument to join nato is one of security , i argue that ukraine voting to join nato now decreases its security by fuelling the russian-backed separatists position . 
  that 's an understandable position . 
  mine is that the numbers show virtually unilaterl support for pro-western policies that have been spun along ethnic lines to show division as being greater than it is , and the only people taking advantage of this excuse for violence will be russia sending more contra-style troops into the east . 
  which , frankly , is not a position that should be allowed . 
  then you do n't get a say in conversations regarding nato . 
   i never claimed the us has sponsored an insurrection into russia . 
   its not worth it . 
  unless you want the eu and us to sponsor yet another insurrection in russia itself . 
  i do n't care about your conspiracy-theory websites . 
  the us had damn-all involvement in ukraine beyond voicing public support for the maidan . 
   why would n't the us/eu support a ukrainian revolution that makes ukraine chose the west instead of of russia ? 
  do you honestly believe that the us/eu were n't doing anything during the revolution in ukraine ? 
  ... are you serious ? 
  it was a pro-eu political movement that their president ran his campaign on - why would they need to take action ? 
  moreso , the fact that you * think * they might have * reason * to take action does n't mean anything . 
  it just means you see conspiracies everywhere . 
   my inner working looks at the world in terms of geopolitics . 
  we just took at piece from russia and we get surprised when they do n't just bow down and take . 
  oh jesus ...  you like democracy ? 
  so how was yanukovych overthrown again ? 
  by an election ? 
  hypocrisy at its finest . 
  jesus christ no ...  i do n't think germany would allow russian troops in denmark even if we `` chose '' to ally with russia , so my point still stands . 
  theres your answer . 
  no no no i 'm not dealing with another crackpot . 
  i 'm done wasting my time and banging my head against that wall . 
   i do n't think i 'm going to get through your thick western viewpoint skull at all no matter what i say . 
  ... you 're from * denmark . 
  cheers . 
  what 's the murderer part of his comment about ? 
   no , look at your original posting , you turned it the other way around . 
  er , what ? 
  my timeline is pretty straightforward , i 'm not sure what you 're reading . 
   and there is simply nothing that suggests otherwise than that yanukovych made those `` promises '' in order to stay in power , not being pressured out of them by putin . 
  ... what ? 
  nothing suggests that he intended to follow through on his * election promsies ? 
  * other than the fact they were his * election promises , * that he ran his election campaign platform on and got elected on , and was working towards until putin personally contacted him ? 
   my pov is strictly from a legal perspective ( law student here ) since i disagree with every turn of events by every side in this very conflict since the beginning of it . 
  yanukovych did not abandon his office . 
  he was being forced out of it . 
  oh god , are we doing this ? 
  i 'm a law grad and a legal professional now . 
  that does n't make either of our opinions more valid . 
  secondly , yanukovych literally fled his office . 
  he abandoned his position with immediate and permanent effect . 
  after ordering his police to open fire upon his citizens , after trying to legislate against their protest against him * while they were protesting . 
  * per the ukranian constitution the interim government then set a date for an election of a new head of state , which was their * sole * purpose as an interim body . 
   and the rada has had no legal grounds for impeachment ( no actual allegations of treason or another crime ) and since they only held a vote which they won by a two-thirds majority not the required three-fourths majority required by the active constitution of 1996 ( in case you did n't know , the measure to reverse the state to the 2004 constitution was not ratified legally speaking ) the impeachment should have not gone trough either way . 
  so basically any vote held by any number of districts would have to be disregarded from the lawmakers pov . 
  the motion was 10 votes short , coming in at 73 % regardless of it 's following the technicalities of the law the support was there . 
  and , regardless , yanukovych had abandoned his office . 
  that 's the main legal issue : the president fled and was no longer able to carry out his duties . 
  he claims it was a coup , which he can claim all the live-long day ( personally , and very obviously to anyone looking at yanukovych 's presidency and the maidan objectively , it was not ) that still wo n't change the fact that he fled . 
   as to your last point i completely agree with what you said , there simply ca n't be any sympathy for putin but i wanted to bring you the mental state of those who support putin and the anti-western movements in ukraine , russia , belarus and kazachstan . 
  just so you know how at least a majority of people in russia feels about the recent events . 
  fair enough . 
  what did llanita even get a rep for ? 
  there 's an enormous focus on american cops right now after ferguson ( and a seemingly endless string of police brutality claims that have been caught on video ) by cnn and the general concensus is that not only is the ability to record police officers a benefit to both the public and the public services themselves , it 's encouraged cops to request and use cameras on their own persons to show their side of the story . 
  in cases where cops wear cameras , claims of police brutality have dropped * starkly . 
  is n't there a * chill your tits * party in spain ? 
  ` cos you guys need to chill dem tits . 
   as soon as you replied , my comment was downvoted . 
  i 'll give you a tip . 
  i 've found a great way to discourage downvoting is to complain about it . 
   you have no clue do you ? 
  the people defending donetsk airport were called cyborgs - by both sides . 
  that was their nickname . 
  yeah that was kind of why i asked about it ? 
   and both sides are murderous . 
  that is very clear . 
  he said ukraine had at last found non-murderous heroes . 
  that sounds a little less bypartisan than `` soldiers killing soldiers . '', 
  op 's post is * about ukrainian politics . 
  see ? 
  even tyrrell 's getting in trouble !, 
   absolutely , russia is the one in the wrong , but russia is n't the one thinking about applying to join nato . 
  er , fair enough i guess ? 
   one day nato may admit ukraine , but trying to bring that about when ukraine is in the midst of a civil war about looking east or west gives ammunition to the russian-backed separatist cause . 
  [ ukraine is almost entirely united behind poroshenko in his pro-eu pro-nato policy . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:ukrainian_presidential_election_2014_map.png ) and not `` oh just the west and kiev '' united , like * every voting district but one * united . 
   events like the recent murders of pro-russian figures in ukraine combined with a `` tyranny of the majority '' style of rule by ukrainian nationalists could sow the seeds of long term violence . 
  a vote for nato membership where it is framed in a negative way , as a `` fuck you '' to russia , would be badly timed . 
  nothing personal , but this is a lot of `` could and would '' that 's based on a reality where there is n't great nationwide support for the position in question .
