  [ 68 ] in december 2008 , an investigation by the associated press revealed that lira tskhovrebova was not an independent activist as she claimed . 
  she was allegedly connected to south ossetian kgb and russian intelligence agency , the fsb . 
  matthew bryza , deputy assistant secretary of state of the united states , also expressed his doubts about tskhovrebova . 
  [ 73 ] [ 74 ] kudos for auctioning off your own integrity , though . 
   ukraine declared it safe to fly despite also claiming that the rebels were armed by russia so how could they possibly know what weapons they had and if it was really safe ? 
  who were you having this argument with ? 
  because it was n't me . 
   you just completely ignored my quote from the article ... because it did n't support your assertion at all ? 
  this conversation is getting to be more work that it 's worth to maintain . 
   conscription is a thing . 
  never said they were commandos just that they were familiar and someone is bound to be trained in a certain aspect of most weaponry . 
  okay so just ignore that conscription was in fact barely a thing and certainly not on the level to support your idea of a civilian militia trained to shoot down gunships and airliners , sure , whatever . 
  i 'll feel free to talk about whatever i like in my next post too . 
   dunno what you mean here . 
  pro-russian was a term in ukrainian politics before any of this happened . 
  not much to do with ethnicity . 
  entirely to do with ethnicity within the context of the russian invasion of ukraine being predicated upon protecting ethnic russians under the spin that they 're under threat from a source that never appeared . 
  entirely to do with separation of ethnicity from politics . 
  what ? 
  no , it did n't . 
  the war started after the russian-backed south ossetians started shelling georgia . 
  it 's explicit about just that . 
  there 's no goal-post moving , you 're just saying what you want to say . 
  ah so it 's showing how they 're doing it ? 
  i was just looking for a summary because it 's an in-depth article and i 'm at the office . 
  they 're only being moved temporarily , mr guardian writer . 
  complaining about the accepted status quo without being able to refute it only serves to make you look like a bit of a bitch . 
  i 'm not sure how else you expect others to take your apologism . 
  [ peruse at your own leisure  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/responsibility_for_the_russo-georgian_war )  a european union investigation claimed that `` open hostilities '' began with a large-scale georgian military operation against tskhinvali on 7 august , but noted that `` a violent conflict had already been going on before in south ossetia '' and the georgian offensive was a `` not proportionate '' response to pre-war south ossetian attacks . 
  the commission could not confirm the claimed attack on russian peacekeepers . 
  the commission further stated that russian citizenship , conferred to the vast part of abkhaz and ossetians can not be considered legally binding , and as a result , the defence of russian citizens living abroad should not have been used as a reason for starting military action by russia . 
  the report stated that further russian advance into georgia proper was unjustified . 
  the report found that all parties involved in the conflict had violated international law . 
   many reports and researchers ( among them independent russian experts ) concluded that the conflict started much earlier than the georgian military operation began on 7 august at 23:35 and that russia was responsible . 
  the relations between georgia and russia deteriorated since vladimir putin 's rise to power in 1999-2000 . 
  south ossetian separatists began attacking the georgian villages in early august 2008 . 
  russia was preparing to go to war with georgia for years before 2008 . 
  some researchers paid attention to the military exercise `` kavkaz 2008 '' , which concluded in early august . 
  during this exercise a written notice entitled `` soldier , know your probable enemy '' ( the enemy was clarified as georgia ) was circulated among the russian participants . 
  russian journalists began arriving in tskhinvali on 2 august to cover a war that had not yet begun . 
  some russian regular troops entered south ossetia before the georgian military operation against tskhinvali began on 7 august . 
   how did you get that i was saying because you worded it to that effect , hence my sheer bafflement and repeatedly asking you if that was what you meant to say . 
   so why did ukraine not consider that russia might have provided the rebels with aa weaponry ? 
  ... what ? 
   pretty much says it all really . 
  says what ? 
  a shoulder-mounted rocket-launcher is n't evidence of buk or any other major aa asset . 
  furthermore , this plane was flying a full 10,000 + feet * lower * than mh17 . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're getting at here . 
   dunno how you are getting that they have zero basic military training considering conscription is active in both ukraine and russia with both countries requiring a year ( maybe 2 ) of military service . 
  so in fact basic military training is almost guaranteed no matter which country they 're from . 
  [ the ukranian military was never more than a partial conscript force , and even that had been greatly reduced since 2000 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_ground_forces#reform ) your idea of a conscripted military explaining the rebels proficiency and armaments in the donbas simply is n't supported by reality . 
   as regards to you implying that no ukrainian citizens are pro-russian or that the clear majority of the crimean population were n't in favour of russia , i am just not going to comment . 
  that 's probably smart of you , considering i did n't imply that . 
  furthermore , the idea that one has to support military seizure by a state in order to identify as a particular ethnicity is beyond preposterous . 
  which was later debunked as white-washing history , hence the multiple sources in wiki . 
  it 's not a holdover , it 's simply a useful term to explain the differences in the economy , society and history of post-soviet nations . 
  it 'll fade as times change and things like the eu become more important to a country 's situation than the ussr was . 
  i appreciate what you 're saying , but i think you 're taking the term too seriously , or maybe you 've just heard it thrown about more than i have . 
  to me eastern european just means `` under soviet influence during the cold war . '', 
  it serves today as an educational term that 's losing relevance as bodies like the eu rise to prominence in the lieu of the ussr/wp and countries like poland become a larger player economically and diplomatically while at the same time being connected to the rest of europe . 
  i 've never heard it used as a derogatory term except by the most jingoistic of idiots . 
  wow this is some serious stuff . 
  now begins the wait for someone smarter than me to make it digestible . 
  well , you do n't hear that very often . 
  i 'm not sure how many times you have to be told that downing helicopters flying at , at most , a few hundred feet above ground is n't proof of aa that can reach just shy of the stratosphere , but the answer is apparently `` at least one more time . '', 
  aside from that , i do n't recall reports of these helicopters being blown out of the sky in droves before the mh17 downing . 
  i 'm not saying they 're not there , but i ca n't speak to what i ca n't recall . 
   not going to start sourcing anything because this is just something i 'm interested in , not something that i have been documenting . 
  if you want to believe that none or not a significant amount of ukrainian military personnel joined the separatists then do but i do n't know why you would think that it would only be civilians that would join . 
  because * why would they join . 
  * the insurgency is a russian-led rebellion involving civilians - by their own admission - with zero to basic military training , and russian soldiers , armaments and coordination . 
  i 've no idea why you think ukrainian soldiers would turn arms on their own country , especially considering none did so in crimea where they simply withdrew at the sight of the russian army . 
   especially considering the welcome russia got in crimea just a few km south . 
   i 'm pretty sure there were videos of ukrainian military who just gave their armoured vehicles to the separatists because of refusing to fight them . 
  i do n't recall half the stuff you 're describing as ever having happened . 
   what is unclear ? 
  pretty straight-forward sentence . 
  it sounds like you are saying that ukraine supplied aa to the rebels , which is so preposterous i assumed it was not your real meaning . 
  ca n't wait until they take out charles so that will can be king instead . 
  then all my buddies in antrim can sing songs about king billy again . 
   heads a single-party government with only 34/179 seats , whose party is smaller than one of the supporting parties , wait , w-what ? 
  hence why everyone who has an opinion on immigration that does n't line up with whatever the guardian is posting is starting to eye the right in a different light . 
  he 's pro-eu , he 's just got reservations and is head of a powerful state so that when he voices these reservations certain other politicians ca n't just talk over him . 
  that said , he 's also the head of a rather anti-eu political party for reasons that do n't really make sense to me . 
  see ; blair , tony . 
  i think labelling blair as a figurehead vastly undersells his responsibility in a lot of stuff his government did . 
  cameron though , much more applicable . 
  i 'd love to know who was behind the apology for bloody sunday . 
  regardless of what else he does , i 'll always appreciate him for that . 
  the cunt . 
  you ca n't not talk about the * `` oh , hello , you 've just caught me at home being a regular dad '' * youtube vids . 
  or the role of * the sun * in securing his election in 2010 . 
  i 'm still agape at their frantic headline printing of lib dem victory just flash in pan something like 6 hours after nick clegg `` won '' the first televised debate . 
  [ seen here for some reason posing like a retarded foreign tourist to make bush jr. look good in a photo . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viktor_orb%c3%a1n#/media/file:orb%c3%a1n_and_bush.jpg ), 
  [ dude looks like he posts here . 
  i imagine eu accession would counter the russian tourism defecit from joining nato ( if such a thing is even within moscow 's power to affect ) , but i do n't see either happening with a * de facto * dictator in power . 
  i heard absolutely zero reports about them using aa before the downing of the flight .
