  but separatists are preventing us from getting near the crash site so we ca n't tell who fired them . 
   despite all this , that trust in ireland has been restored to the point where bond yields are low is still a very good thing . 
  well hurrah !, 
  what is the reason for it , then ? 
  in broad strokes , i mean . 
  truely it will be up to wealthy oxbridge grad a to secure britain 's future by removing it from the eu , and up to wealthy oxbridge grad b to secure britain 's future by cementing it 's place in the eu . 
  that 's completely made-up . 
  might as well have a moan about it then . 
  that 'll get people on my side . 
  allow me to assure you that ukraine will get in before turkey . 
  it 'd be a feather in the cap of a pro-eu campaigner speaking to a pro-eu voter base , certainly . 
  is it even possible to gauge what state the ukrainian economy will be in in 5 yearrs ? 
  nevermind what their leadership will want or human rights record will be by then . 
  you can lie all you want , that only changes the opinions of easily-led russians . 
  you invaded crimea , and stole their land . 
  and now you are helping your slavic brothers kill each other . 
  the only word is shameful . 
  jesus christ , how can we allow this ? 
   at least now you realise that you had no idea that such an overwhelming majority of crimeans actually truly want crimea to be a part of russia . 
  you learnt something today . 
  nope , it was still a farce , and you are still a shill . 
  i 'm sorry that no-one is believing your fairytale , it 's much nicer than the reality . 
  dead slavs and stolen slav land is a shameful burden to bear for your country . 
   well , time will tell wo n't it . 
  if russian people are still not starving within 5 years , would you publicly apologise ? 
  oh dear , did i upset you enough that i need to apologize ? 
  your economy is probably going to collapse from it if you do n't surrender it . 
  i suppose that 's a good thing if you have a very cynical standpoint . 
  at least your tzar can be deposed then after enough of your people have starved . 
  nope , it was a farce and you are a shill . 
  vigorous quotes his own blog yet again . 
  shocking . 
  that was me last winter . 
  it was a bad winter for toronto though , it 's normally not so tricky . 
  i 'm guessing he 's arguing in bad faith and seeking refuge in audacity , because his train of logic is on some bendy freaking tracks . 
  now you 're just changing goalposts . 
  of course deadlier weapons lead to deadlier wars . 
  what i want to know is how that backs up your `` arguement '' that the war will be fought with conscripts , instead of torpedoing that logic entirely . 
   well , ~ 90 % of crimeans voted for joining russia . 
  nobody 's stupid enough to believe your narrative , vladya . 
   this can only ever be a war between russian and ukraine . 
  what a laughable position without any substance . 
  there are certainly a lot more apologists for the belligerents than there were in ww1 . 
  the eu has both gas reserves , member states that have their own supply , and trading partners that can provide alternative sources . 
  the russian economy is in a moribund state and entirely propped up by it 's energy exports . 
  there 's barely even a comparison between which side will be hit hardest . 
  sanctions are in place instead of military action . 
  i hope it 's not too difficult for you to parse why . 
  you are bending over backwards to facilitate your nonsense . 
  the russian military was comprised of soviet-era embarassments in the 2008 invasion of georgia . 
  the uk , france and germany have 3 of the most modern , well-equipped and highly trained militaries in the world . 
  but this is all moot , because this would not result in your trench-warfare fantasy . 
  the invading russian army would be bombed from afar until they pulled out of whichever country they 'd decided to invade this time . 
  i fail to see the correlation between the increased mechanization of modern armies and your future where poor , innocent peasants are dragged kicking-and-screaming from their medieval gutter-homes and placed on the front lines with a battered musket in one hand and a bucket to piss in in the other . 
  you do not have to be hitler to be a head of state engaged in a conflict with another state . 
  no , he does not . 
  but he does imply that it is necessary . 
  i actually had to look this up . 
  that 's the closest term to * craic * i 've yet come across that means something entirely different . 
  you do n't need silly laws and rights when you have glorious han brotherhood . 
  yeah you 're not fooling anyone with that sarcasm tag , buddy . 
  it 's like a giant , terrifying claw trying to seize the continent in it 's grasp . 
  more people should visit it . 
  it 's maybe the most picturesque part of the british isles . 
  it 's just nobody in london gives a shit about it so you never hear much craic on the telly or whatever advertising it . 
   misinterpreting what someone says and then arguing against it does n't make you right . 
   the world is markedly different in terms of globalization . 
  in terms of the uk 's position on the world stage most is the same . 
  okay , you keep trying to backtrack away from this point but i 'm going to hold you to it ; give me an example of a long-lasting economic union without a political one . 
   right , sorry , i forgot that you need everything spelled out and in simple speak . 
  uk not powerful then , uk no longer stamp on other people to get its way , uk still successfully survive . 
  you 're * still * not answering this question , and i imagine it 's because you have absolutely no idea how the uk could project it 's influence beyond a vague reference to uh `` uh ... the city ? '', 
  so i 'll hold you to this one too : how would the uk protect it 's citizens and it 's interests in a world stage inhabited by a markedly more developed china , india , brazil and other players ? 
   lmao , nice qualifier . 
  nothing in that sentence was a qualifier . 
   the uk the harbringer of freetrade miraculously becomes isolationist even though we have just had a huge trade delegation to china ? 
  '' * the harbinger of freetrade * '' ? 
  what does this mean ? 
  sending a delegation to china is indicative of nothing ; china provides a minority of trade for the uk ; the eu provides substantially more imports/exports and it is the eu which the uk is threatening to adopt an isolationist policy towards . 
   international community is mutually exclusive to a european superstate . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
   ah , it seems you do n't understand the meaning of the word ironic . 
  maybe try a dictionary ? 
  ( thats a book that tells you the meaning of words , it 's normally sorted alphabetically . 
  good luck ) you seriously have no arguement at all to substantiate your idiocy . 
  that 's on top of not understanding how me saying `` well you keep dropping the word superstate so you assumedly believe i 'm a big bad man who wants the men in black coats to come and take all your pounds , guineas and close-harmony choirs away '' `` because i was the one who introduced the word superstate to the conversation '' is n't irony . 
  whatever , i 'm dealing with someone who does n't know what his own opinion is . 
  looks like a giant pair of lady robot legs . 
  just report him when he starts with the personal attacks or starts posting baseless horseshit . 
  it 's what i 'm doing . 
  i count 4 . 
  how is it that you are able to post in this forum again when you immediately go back to posting personal attacks ? 
  can you get me source on that ? 
  it 'd be handy the next time / u/vigorous starts spouting his nonsense . 
  it 's completely bizarre . 
  the quote says  `` by organizing such events , estonian power structures are in fact , working on `` hitler-jugendization '' of the younger generation , romanticizing fascist executioners and executioners of nazi crimes for young people '' i ca n't parse any of this , it makes no sense to me . 
  well most of the article is behind a paywall but the quote is attributed to `` the russian embassy , '' which is all the more galling because * that 's the organ of diplomacy for this country . 
   a stupid argument to make , the world is markedly different than it was even 100 years ago . 
  putting aside for a moment the fact that you stumbled over this in your last post by telling me that years from now in the future britain would be protecting it 's interests * `` the same way it has for the last 100 years ... '' * , you are the one who said an economic union did not require a political one . 
  if you can not cite an example then you concede the point as merely your own dismissable opinion .
