   `` the scientific institute for public health and the superior council for health carried out an analysis of the risk and concluded there is no public health danger for the population , '' the statement says . 
  `` the risk of people exposed to contaminated water developing poliomyelitis is extremely limited , given the high level of dilution and the high incidence of vaccination among the population . ''  the health ministry took samples of water and mud from the water purification station , the laan and the dijle on 6 september . 
  all samples were negative for polio virus . 
  just in case anyone was worried . 
  * experienced . 
  so long everyone . 
  i 'm off to the scandinavian cougar caves . 
  remember me well . 
  then i guess russia is just bad at making friends . 
  an immediate show of unity and strength that ca n't be ignored . 
  what 's that you ask ? 
  i 'll tell you : 1 . 
  immediate strong sanctions on the russian oil and gas markets 2 . 
  sanctions on the banking sector and preventing russia from accessing eu and us capital markets 3 . 
  at poroshenko 's invitation , boots on the ground in ukraine in ending the russian-backed insurgency in the form of a coalition force of combined eu nations , with detachments from every state . 
  you mean it 's not held in kyoto ? 
  ** you mean futurama lied to me ?!, 
  pffft , that 's such an interloppery thing to say , * interloper . 
  * you and your interlope-sided arguements . 
   only a psychopath incapable of feeling human emotion would think it is possible for a bureaucratic government to understand `` the feelings of the japanese people '' , what ? 
  it 's a representative democracy . 
   but this detail betrays the complete disregard the japanese government has for its citizens as individual human beings . 
  you 're allowed to be as cynical as you please but do n't expect everyone to agree with you . 
  did n't they recently repeal article 9 though , or make some kind of moves towards maintaining their own military again ? 
  i can remember something like that causing a bit of an uproar . 
  maybe i 'm misremembering the whole thing . 
  japan has generally had a much closer trade and diplomatic relationship with the west than it 's local peers . 
  and they and russia did have that whole ww2 thing between them . 
   aksyonov said he would `` expel from crimea anyone who incites ethnic hatred . '', 
  you think he 's aware of the irony ? 
   well , kyivpost , that 's not a source with an agenda . 
  well , that 's -  everyone i know in crimea is very happy to be re-united with russia . 
  - ironic . 
  we 've actually annexed you too , it just does n't show up well on the map . 
  i think he meant jacques ch ` iraq . 
  * are you chaps talking about hibernia ? 
  this is an opportune time to use their sciences to revive dermot morgan and begin construction of series 4 of father ted . 
  i do n't think you quite understand what you 're saying . 
  this is bizarre . 
  remember ; it 's * not * ethnic cleansing , because iraq and vietnam both happened . 
  yes , well , we all knew what this would look like , did n't we . 
  france and germany really surprised me here , i 've literally never even heard of a frenchman called nathan or a german called ben . 
   when the re-unification of germany was negotiated russia was promised that the west wouldnt try to expand its influence eastwards . 
  no , it was n't . 
  this is one of the most oft-repeated pieces of propaganda in here and there is n't a scrap of paper anywhere on this earth that says that it ever happened . 
   imagine whole ukraine joined eu : russia would have lost important ports and one of its oldest buddies is now hanging with his archenemy . 
  russia would still have a lease on the port and the only thing that says the eu is russia 's archenemy is russia . 
  it 's bizarre for adults to be suggesting this . 
   he has a reason to be pissed and the eu fucked up a little bit : no talks to moscow over ukraine before shit went down . 
  the eu had nothing to do with the euromaidan . 
  hell they had no horse in this race until putin forced the issue into everyone 's spotlight by * invading . 
  allright , 3 points and i 'm done with you . 
  you claimed thaat there was research done on 16 year olds not being given the vote , which there was n't but you claimed to have provided `` elsewhere in the thread . '', 
  the only link you 've provided in the entire thread is [ this ] ( http://berkeley.edu/news/media/releases/2008/10/16_neurolaw.shtml ) , which has nothing at all to support that claim . 
  personal attacks when you 've lost a debate are indicative of an immature mind . 
  in what way ? 
  it 's rather poorer form to make stuff up for the sake of debate . 
  then where 's the research you claimed existed ? 
  that 's equally deplorable . 
   in a letter to ukrainian president petro poroshenko , seen by reuters on tuesday , putin warned that even changing national legislation to prepare for the eu-ukraine trade deal , known as the association agreement , would trigger an immediate response from moscow . 
  this is ** beyond absurd . 
  ** he is attempting to dictate another country 's own laws . 
  the eu and ukraine already accomated him by delaying the implementation of this deal for 15 months . 
  there * can not * be further apepasement after this , merkel , cameron and co. 
  this is flat-out intimdation and i feel like we 're condoning it . 
  yes but now * you are the one who fabricated claims of research to try and debunk it . 
  you do n't need research to substantiate giving someone the right to vote . 
  you are the one who brought it up to back-up your claims . 
  what research has been done on giving 16 year olds the vote ? 
  that 's an opinion , not an arguement . 
  then there 's no problem . 
  to be clear , your fear about allowing 16 year olds to vote is what , exactly ? 
  oh please , you ca n't determine the development of the brain from one person to the next anymore than you can use age as a gauge of maturity : at best it 's a vague guideline . 
  there are adults out there more absurd and immature than any adolescent you 've ever met . 
  those are businesses , not democratic processes . 
  yes , and experienced voters regularly elect politicians that involve them in economy-sapping wars . 
  fear of what people * might * do is not a fair concern . 
  that 's us disregarding the fact that a minority of teens drink-drive and that over-21s are perfectly capable of doing it too . 
  even considering that this will absolutely * not * result in russia adding 80 new warships to it 's navy , it 's incredibly frustrating hearing this while merkel and her peers worry about provoking russia by upgrading europes own militaries . 
  the article is behind a paywall , but here 's the meat of it lifted from [ the atlantic council blog ] ( http://www.atlanticcouncil.org/blogs/natosource/putin-targets-the-baltics-to-discredit-nato ) :  so far , president putin is succeeding . 
  nato is slowly and belatedly getting used to the idea that it must deal with territorial defense against a russian threat . 
  in a year or so , the alliance may have a rapid-reaction force , able to reinforce estonia , latvia and lithuania in a crisis . 
  but nato is hamstrung . 
  most members do not spend enough on defense , and some of the oldest members -- france , italy and germany , in particular -- believe that even defensive moves against russia are `` provocative . '', 
   meanwhile , russia is rearming fast . 
  its military plans involve the early use of battlefield nuclear weapons -- something that is a serious taboo for most nato members . 
   nato 's biggest problem is that it is configured to wage the wrong kind of war . 
  russia does n't fight according to conventional military timetables . 
  it softens up countries that it wants to dominate , using confusing , unpredictable tactics , with an approach that military experts dub `` hybrid warfare . '', 
  this includes trade sanctions , energy cutoffs ( the baltic states import all of their natural gas from russia ) , propaganda , cyberattacks , the targeted use of organized crime , corruption of politicians -- and the incitement of ethnic grievances . 
  nato and the west are n't set up to deal with these threats , which also come with a dose of maskirovka , a word for camouflage and thus a broad program of military deception . 
  the soviet union excelled at this , but modern russia has taken it to a new level . 
   its central feature is deniability . 
  cutting off the gas ? 
  a purely business decision . 
  patriotic russian hackers are acting on their own initiative . 
  russian editors make their own decisions . 
  and those tough , soldierly men stoking ethnic discontent ? 
  who knows -- perhaps they choose to spend their vacation that way . 
  such tactics could all too easily destabilize one or more of the baltic states , forcing a change in government and destroying collective security in europe forever .
