  well , i did n't want to be the one say that * out loud ... *, 
  i mean , right ? 
  what a weird burn . 
  [ the no true scotsman arguement , for those who are wondering why this dude suddenly said those words . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no_true_scotsman ), 
  it 's not , because china in practice is not a planned economy . 
  in the far east . 
  countries have repsonsibilities that walmart tend not to . 
  ** a comprehensive list of historically successful state planned economies : **, 
  damn straight . 
  for a multinational , pretty much experiemental venture like this the esa really has it 's shit together for putting out digestible content . 
  it 's been days . 
  i 'm tired of beating over the same trodden ground . 
  i 'm not interested in continuing this arguement with you anymore . 
   also , please have a poutine for me . 
  there 's this place just west of ossington station i love to go to . 
  i might hit it up tomorrow night just for you !, 
  nobody is setting rferl up as the bbc , but here 's a direct interview from a man who states he spent two months working at internet research in the department tasked with clogging the forums on russia 's municipal websites with pro-kremlin comments . 
  it 's not a random , unsourced article , it 's entirely it 's own thing . 
  he 's either lying or he 's telling the truth . 
  fucking potato bread , ribena and lucozade man . 
  i live in toronto and i ca n't find the first two * anywhere * and ottawa has flat-out * banned * lucozade for having some artificial colours . 
  god , just writing that made me desperate thirsty . 
  ah , you 've added a canadian flair just now . 
  good for you !, 
  and yes , to answer my own question for you ; you are still trying to deflect from the article . 
  god , now i really want some viennetta . 
   if this were an rt article it would n't be seen as deflection but rather as speaking truth . 
  is n't this * also * deflection ? 
  sweet . 
  is n't this deflection ? 
   emma watson huh , i did n't know this . 
  watson is the most english young actress i can think of . 
  * my name is doctor killinger , unt zis is my magic murder bag . 
  grey reaching for some low-hanging fruit there . 
  i remember when he started doing this full time i was really hoping for more science based stuff with a bunch of geo-political videos thrown in . 
  i mean , this is fine on it 's own , but for a long , long time we got nothing and then there were those bloody lord of the ring videos ... 
  really did not expect italy to be the one coming out with this , but my god , can you imagine the summer holiday packages ? 
  norn ironer checking in : yes the public sector is a massive employer here and were i not dosed with the cold in my office i 'd grab you some data . 
  i live in toronto now but i originally came from a little village in south down where everybody was not only on benefits but often hopping the border to claim disability or unemployment down south as well . 
  of course this is n't legal , but historically the peelers do n't come to south down/armagh and regardless it 's very difficult for officers from the two unemployment offices to actually find out they 're getting scammed . 
  it 's a long-standing and detestable culture of settling . 
  going to primary school everyday i 'd say older boys lazing out with their dads in the public square and i 'd ask my dad what they were doing - he 'd always say they were layabouts or , if he was feeling generous , that they were off work sick . 
  those boys were still there in grammer school and university and now that i 'm off working whenever i travel back home sure enough , there 's a bunch of grandads sitting with their sons and grandsons , sunning themselves in the park or on the green . 
  it 's not just scroungers who take the dole of course , though they do make my blood boil . 
  the major employer in south down is a massive call centre in newry that 's famously the most cost-efficient in the uk and is used for everything from setanta sports sales teams to government programs . 
  beyond that work is terrifically scarce . 
  my cousin visited us in toronto two years ago on his honeymoon and told me he planned to work in an airplane factory to support himself and his wife when they got back . 
  the plant closed when they were in the air on his return flight and he 's been unable to get any work since . 
  a lot of small businesses seem to be doing well - new restaurants , hotels ( we 're in a national park region ) and a lithuanian garage near us has got a reputation as the best place to go in the diocese , but beyond that there 's still a huge dearth of available work . 
  before i emmigrated to canada ( my background 's in law ) the last job opening in two weeks that i saw on craigslist was for a shelf-stacker in dunnes stores , a local clothing/food supermarket . 
  i 've an old workmate who sat in on interviews there , and he told me they had over 400 applications for this one job ( bearing in mind we live in the country , so that 's very high ) and he was fielding interviews from everyone from former engineers to doctors to airline pilots , before finally the job was given to a manager 's son . 
  god , it makes me depressed just saying that . 
  the credit crunch hit us hard , sure , but there 's a culture there that needs to be rooted out and gotten rid of sooner or later . 
  oh i do n't doubt that , but that wo n't stop them from beating their heads against the wall . 
  the kremlin operates in a different age than the rest of us , apparently . 
   ukraine 's president petro poroshenko has sacked ihor kolomoisky - the billionaire governor of the key industrial region of dnipropetrovsk . 
   it comes after armed men suspected of links to mr kolomoisky briefly occupied the offices of a state-owned oil firm in the capital kiev . 
   mr kolomoisky was reportedly unhappy after parliament passed legislation aimed at weakening his influence . 
   mr kolomoisky - who is estimated to be worth more than $ 2bn ( # 1.3 bn ) - has been widely credited with helping bring order in dnipropetrovsk and halt the advance of pro-russian rebels further to the east . 
  he is also financing a number of ukrainian battalions fighting the separatists in the donetsk and luhansk region . 
  so he was actually sacked by poroshenko because of fears he had armed men occupy a state building , and there are fears that this could effect the conflict in the east considering his previous influence in the region . 
  is n't this just the logical evolution of an aggressive kremlin that 's been caught publicly funding right-wing , anti-eu parties ? 
  financing your own parties in other states seems like an absurd cold-war fantasy , but everything putin does seems to fit the criteria of a man ill-at-east with the modern era . 
  any source ? 
  that 's massive embezzlement . 
   greater columbia eh ? 
  that 's why they use the term * `` activisits '' * instead of * `` officials '' * or * `` agents . 
  so that 's what / u/vigorous looks like . 
  is he mistaking the un for nato here ? 
  the interviewer does n't seem to pick up on it . 
  i 'd love to meet the thin-skinned douchebag who vomited out that one . 
  well that 's one way to nail your colours to the mast . 
  seconding this . 
  the telegraph is certainly a solid publication but it 's not without it 's prejudices . 
  well i mean , the japanese think you are all handsome , 20-something blonde dudes with granite jawlines and sometimes no eyebrows . 
  some lads do n't get it on the first go around . 
  sure there 's no work out here anyway . 
  i 'm going to do my best to de-escalate myself and cautiously work my way down your post , responding as i go . 
   do read till the end ... m ` kay . 
   you 're confusing my contempt for ukrainian fringe nationalism with a justification of russian actions . 
  but i admit my malicious enjoyment is out of control . 
  i 'll work on it . 
  perhaps . 
  there was a lot of `` thank gods '' and `` justices being dones '' in that last post that made me think otherwise , but i 'll take you at your word here . 
   there are always circumstances to consider , which people who have studied law should know . 
  i condemn the russian annexation , but i do see that there are alleviating circumstances . 
  no , that 's what * everyone * knows , or at least believes they know . 
  people who study the law know what it is and how it is to be applied . 
   i did source . 
  i mentioned the eu fact finding mission on the georgian war for example . 
  it seems more trustworthy and thorough than referring to one article from kyivpost . 
  i did n't . 
  i pointed you to the [ main article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war#cite_note-shelling-38 ) on wikipedia which contains just under 300 cited , sourced articles . 
  the three in particular i referred to on the commencement of hostilities by the russian-backed rebels were from the wall street journal , the guardian and rfrl . 
   i did ... their policemen . 
  that 's true , but keep in mind that this is still georgian land and the georgian government 's long-term goal was putting down a prolonged rebellion that their erstwhile neighbour was backing . 
  the shelling of georgian villages coincided with reports of non-peacekeeping russian military units moving towards the front , so tbilisi tried to respond decisively in securing it 's own country . 
   ukraine never gave rights to the tatars when it still mattered , let that be clear . 
  even dzhemilev admitted that .
