  i could down that all day and be right as rain the next morning . 
  first world problems . 
  wait , did someone tell them about the secret irish sodomy vampires ? 
  it seems to be more a problem with keeping people engaged up to the day of voting , rather than their opinions changing . 
  that being said come on lads , get it done . 
  oh how things change . 
  happy nor-day norway !, 
  if any of you southern cunts say `` all of the north '' i swear to fuck i 'll set the mountain on you . 
  * from the award-winning game of thrones . 
  * *** which totally films here . 
  i 've said it 's meaningless and has been for decades . 
  i do n't see the point of a military alliance if we do n't lend aid when somebody is attacked . 
  that 's super cool . 
  you do n't have to wait that long . 
  40,000 years should do it . 
  spuds for the spud god , baby . 
  a disasterous three-way-tie between the * father ted * theme , something by the dubliners and * one * by u2 . 
  there 's no getting away from that legacy . 
  i love that you put this in front of any actual mozart . 
  it is the highest a man can be , to have written this song . 
  it 's * wannabe . 
  * you brought this on yourselves . 
  this remains the most incredibly weird song lyrically i 've ever seen , and the weirdest video to go with it . 
  right about the time judge dredd starts showing up i just crumble . 
  y is the jon snow of vowels . 
  say circlejerk more . 
  as a northern irishman , he 's not joking ; this might and probably would literally happen . 
  the dup is fucking crazy . 
  as a nationalist northerner , take yer best shot mate , i 'll met ye at the cooley gap . 
  romania thanks you for your choice of colours . 
  god yes , the crusader kings 2 player inside me screams everytime i see that unsexy border . 
  make the border more sexy !, 
  do n't tell / r/russia that . 
  that i can agree with . 
  they wo n't grant them * fugee * stance either , ` cos of reasons . 
  well you 're not saying it in / r/romania either . 
  what 's the problem there ? 
  bookmarking this for when i get out of the office , cheers !, 
  oh god , now i 've got to ask ; how remote is * very * remote ? 
  i wo n't , do n't worry . 
  i wo n't pretend i do n't think he deserved it though . 
  there 's something for me to binge on wikipedia later then !, 
  bulgaria used to control macedonia ? 
  my point from the start was i was sad that romanians had to suffer through decades of cruel and inept soviet occupation and i wish the soviet 's had been turfed out earlier . 
  the rest of your post is equally bafflingly missing anything resembling a point ( `` afghanistan had stronger reasons for invasion '' is such an amazing sentence ) and i 've just been served a tasty lunch , so i 'm done with you after this last piece of illumination :  i 'd have liked them to chuck out the soviets who ended up brutalizing a country and a people for decades is not an [ equivocation , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equivocation ) because there is no double meaning to it . 
  typically solid background work there , champ !, 
  seeya later !, 
  i 've only ever been about my own point here , you 're the one who decided you wanted an argument about unilateral unquestioning support for the united states and then started complaining when you did n't get it . 
  i mean you somehow compare soviet occupied romania to pre-invasion afghanistan . 
  there 's literally no similarities there ; background , major military , infrastructure , organ of state , national sympathy for intervention , post-intervention occupation , post-invervention occupation and rebuilding . 
  it 's such a hilariously juvenile equivocation from someone who clearly does n't know what he 's talking about because all he really wants to do is whine about how under-appreciated the us is while he 's bored . 
  doubly so considering piraeus has been * heavily * invested into by the chinese government . 
  this is n't losing control to a private citizen or company , this is ceding it to another country altogether . 
  this could have vast political , economic , diplomatic and military ramifications in the years to come . 
  making planes and making bank , baby . 
  so context is important except when you want unconditional support for your country , because then you 'll kick up a fuss on the internet ? 
   which is no different than any example i gave . 
  you seem to be projecting with all this ridiculously childish `` breakdown '' talk because you lost your shit when confronted with apples to apples comparisons . 
  you 've done everything you could to avoid actually addressing the point . 
  i just want to make sure you understand the position you are presenting right now , because i 'm starting to think you 've got zero self-awareness : * context is unimportant !, 
  advocation of military intervention means unconditional support for an ongoing foreverwar against all the world , all the time !, 
  this is what being an adult means !!, 
  * i want unilateral , unconditional support of my country , by all peoples of the world , for the remainder of time !, 
  this is such an absurdly adorable position to have i can barely stand it . 
  i 'm sitting here giggling just looking at the words . 
  so it 's mostly a political motivated maneuver then ? 
  it does seem like a very strong signal to send a neighbour in as tense a region as the balkans/se are . 
  i 'm aware i 'm speaking from a point of ignorance here though , maybe it 's less shocking there . 
  i ca n't believe your stance is `` i want unconditional support for my country across all of it 's history '' and you think that 's a reasonable , rational position . 
  it 's like you 've given me this wonderful christmas present . 
  man you 're having some kind of amusing mental breakdown . 
  i do n't know who is presenting these arguments to you but you seem really invested in them . 
   the us did take aggressive action to combat the soviets during the cold war and you bash them for it . 
  * hmmm , * did i ? 
  i 'll take your source on that now !, 
   there is no consistency at all with your view point . 
  my viewpoint is as straightforward as can be . 
  `` it 's really sad that romanians had to suffer under decades of typically malignant and incompetent soviet rule , i wish those darn soviets had been booted out ! '', 
  the fact that you ca n't seem to follow a straightforward opinion makes me think it must be close to your naptime . 
   in any scenario the action taken by the us is wrong . 
  we get it , you 're a self-hating yank , yeesh . 
   vietnam , iraq , afghanistan , cuba ... amerikkkka is an evil aggressive fascist state !, 
   hypothetical war in romania to overthrow a soviet backed government ... wtf why did n't those americans attack and stuff oh , you want unconditional support for the actions of a country for the entirety of history ? 
  pffffttahahahahahahahahahaha, 
  yes , little american teenager , older folks know what a george bush was . 
  well , now you guys have given me something to binge on wikipedia . 
  you 're having an argument with the air . 
  nothing you 've said can change the fact that i wish that the soviet union had been thrown out of romania so that it 's people did n't have to suffer under decades of malign and incompetent soviet rule . 
  now , you can reference afghanistan and iraq all you want because you 're literally under 18 and internet slap-fights are the entirety of your historical nous , but it 's a completely incompetent way of changing somebody 's mind . 
  also , i thought you had left me to my trolling ? 
  now you 're following me to the wrestling reddit too !, 
  am i inside your head already ? 
  ca n't calm those old teenage moodswings eh ? 
  i already said i get it - you 're a bored american teen . 
  you 're not offering me anything new here . 
  it 's just well-trodden contrarianism , i can find that from any schoolkid . 
  i do n't want them anywhere policy discussions though , just like i would n't want children near serious debates . 
  same for you , little dude . 
  i 'd have liked them to chuck out the soviets who ended up brutalizing a country and a people for decades burt . 
  the soviets sucked at running countries on virtually every level .
