  high-five on that one . 
  do not tip . 
  it begins a culture that ends with businesses excusing themselves from paying their employees a livable wage while having the gall to foist the moral burden onto the customer . 
  fuck tipping except in absolutely exceptional circumstances . 
  no , it 's not recognized as sovereign by a majority of the world . 
  i can say your apartment is mine because i 'm bigger than you and i 'm currently squatting in it . 
  it does n't mean your equally big neighbours have to acknowledge me . 
  their attitude does not excuse their behaviour nor should it excuse us ours if we take the wrong stance due to intimidation or lethargy . 
  this is actually how we elect our taoiseach . 
  recall them from ireland next . 
  considering the things they 've said about us we 'll happily see them go . 
  that term is so broad as to be meaningless . 
  beijing is also savvy enough to know in this instance that closer ties with moscow means cooling relations with europe and the us , who are much more valuable trade partners and unlike moscow they are n't engaged in a proxy war based on national pride with these two regions . 
  that 's why china has n't come out in support of russia in any way that has meaning . 
  that art is really good , though . 
  what a weird little man . 
   really please post a proof . 
  i 'm tired of such statements without any proofs . 
  are you braindead ? 
  what proof do you want , exactly ? 
  a signed note from putin saying '' * to whom it may concern i offer my assent to young master nilbop 's arguement ? 
  * '' are you unable to comprehend the prevailing and established socio-economic climate ? 
  do you know anything about the current politico-economic climate ? 
  are you aware of the hundreds of millions and endless man-hours russia had to invest to bring to birth it 's current pipeline infrastructure that depends entirely upon eu custom ? 
  do you know how long it would take to ratify deals with india and china , much farther away from the russian body workforce in the west , and the likely poorer nature of those deals for russia given both state 's history of dealing and russia 's own self-imposed pariah status ? 
  do you know how long it would take to construct pipelines to these nations once those deals had been ratified , or the vastly increased cost and risk given the far less traversible terrain of central asia and the himalayas ? 
  are you aware of russia 's crashing currency , it 's steadily depleting economic reserves brought on by a mix of sanctions and falling oil-prices dictated by us allies in opec , it 's moribund predictions for negative economic growth by both current and past kremlin finance ministers ? 
  dear god , sometimes i do n't know if i 'm dealing with doomsayers , apologists or the ignorant . 
   nuclear energy is n't a solution because of the waste problem oh please , take your mind out of the tabloid rags and walt-disney era storytelling ; nuclear waste has been safely and econmically stored for decades and this process is only going to get cheaper and safer with advancements , not * less * so . 
   and the supply with uranium isotopes explain to me what you * think * this means . 
   and do n't mention a new technology producing more isotopes than needed . 
  it 's like the cold fusion a nice idea , but far from reality . 
  are you simply not aware that there are dozens and dozens of perfectly functioning nuclear plants dotted around the eu right now , at this very moment , as we speak ? 
  we 're not talking about * inventing * some new technology here , we 're talking about the long-overdue investment in a current , fully-tested and fully operating industry and the application of that industry to our benefit . 
  i 'd much rather my tax dollars go towards a plant that aids in the self-supply of energy than go straight to moscow so they can bully more post-soviet states . 
  that was bertie though . 
  this sounds like a teenage forum poster said this , not a fucking adult human being . 
  russia needs the eu as a customer more than the eu needs their supply . 
  neither the deals nor the framework to facilitate similar deals with asia are in place , and they will take time and money to implement . 
  furthermore , moscow wo n't be getting the friend prices from china and india that brussels is good enough to give them now , because thanks to it 's recent actions russia has all but turned into a pariah state and is only getting more and more economically isolated and vulnerable . 
  putin 's response to this , rather than rapproachment , seems to be to bluster and double down on the game of chicken he 's playing with his country 's economy and his citizen 's well-being . 
  let 's see if it pays off . 
  you are right though . 
  energy supply * is and will continue to be * a problem . 
  the answer is a diversification of supplier 's so a belligerent state like russia can never feel like it can hold europe hostage over it 's policies , and an investment in renewables and nuclear energy . 
  the idea that there are n't more nuclear plants around europe because of some uneducated childish fear of us all blowing up is downright absurd . 
  i 'll be very interested in this week 's events . 
  is there any likelihood this could turn into a sustained protest against orban ? 
  it 's flat-out the dumbest policy i 've heard proposed in an eu state . 
  again you seem to frame an arguement as if the uk was a friend demanding everyone address him specially instead of a political union representing 60 million people and , more importantly , whatever the city of london wants them to do . 
  do n't kid yourself - the uk will not leave and will not be allowed to leave , either through applications of carrots or sticks . 
  it 's too important and too central to what the eu is becoming ; it 's biggest military spender , an economic juggernaut , a center of education , and the biggest counterweight to german unilateral influence while france remains politically castrated . 
  your idea of the eu 's ability to punish britain because you feel personally slight by international politics is n't grounded in reality . 
  you vastly overestimate the support for an exit , policies based on an exit and policies based on the threat of of an exit . 
  the groundswell for a brexit simply does n't exist anywhere outside of tabloid headlines and political threats , and by this point most can acknowledge that . 
  and rightly so . 
  the endgame should be the strengthening of the union , not the protection of the city of london . 
  he means the influence brussels has over the uk . 
  the ability to compel it 's member states to comply is a central part of any union worth a damn , and historically the uk has been foremost in pretending they did n't know that when they signed up . 
  you seem to be more offended by the vague idea of the uk negotiating for itself rather than any specific slight and are taking all of this very personally . 
  do n't be so melodramatic , nobody has raised that as serious issue . 
  it 's still a shame no matter who it happens to . 
   you know nothing , cbfw86 . 
  what 's a vatnik ? 
  oh the journey was real , but some of the more wacky skits - like clarkson finding a cow `` roadkill '' - are set up . 
  in fairness i do n't know for definite that the redneck section was faked . 
  you realize that episode , like all of * top gear * , was staged , right ? 
  you 're defending an addiction with no upside . 
  you 'll have to do better than `` it 's healthier than huffing a car exhaust . '', 
  i think it 's fair comment to say this is what can happen when you spend 15 years fomenting an ultranationalist policy and cult of personality . 
  my thoughts are with the fella who got stabbed rather than excusing his attacker , and the message this sends to the community . 
  i would be surprised if there is n't at least one more round of escalation , and i would also be surprised if moscow does n't wait until winter hits europe to threaten energy supply in some way , but yeah , i do n't see the current situation going away anytime soon . 
   `` we respond very simply : we shall not agree to any criteria or conditions , '' he ( lavrov ) said . 
  `` russia is doing more than anyone else to resolve the crisis in ukraine . ''  the eu and the u.s. , which have limited technology exports to russia and curbed the ability of state-run banks to raise funds abroad , have accused putin 's government of providing pro-russian rebels with cash , weapons and fighters . 
  the kremlin denies any involvement in the conflict in eastern ukraine . 
  that 's about the short of it ; nothing has changed in this situation in over a month and there does n't seem to be any urgency from the committed parties to find a solution . 
  it looks like the chaos in the donbas will continue to play out for a while longer . 
  the only other thing worthy of note was russia stating that it may reduce fuel supplies to the eu if ukraine is found to be siphoning it off ( which is understandable from a business perspective , because it 's not their fuel to take and the pipeline goes through ukraine ) , and poroshenko has outright stated that will not occur and that his nation is a safe transit country . 
  second . 
  second . 
  that 's like * literally * the opposite of germany . 
  this guy gets it . 
  i really like this guy . 
  it 's bizarre how the eu sanctions explicitly avoid hitting the russian citizenry and every round of kremlin-dictated bans hurts them most of all . 
  but it wants everybody to * call * them friends . 
  they can blow it out their asses . 
  well it makes a lot more sense in that context . 
  i know admittedly little about the subject but i was under the impression that moldova was more pro-russia than pro-eu . 
  now now , / r/russia will be the * first * to tell you that not * all * ukranians are nazis ... just the ones that speak out against them . 
  do n't worry , we 'll send our drones instead . 
  becoming independent of each other would greatly weaken our trade and bargaining positions , depending upon what exactly it means . 
  good for you lads . 
  that is * extremely * surprising . 
  it 's fucking student 's union . 
  i do n't ask my barman what he thinks about quantum entanglement . 
  people are petty , reactionary , insecure and stupid . 
  that 's weird , it looks like you still typed uk . 
  that and they kept demanding the right to marry their cousins . 
  i respect a homestar runner shout-out as much as the next early-2000s teen but he was probably quoting south park . 
  post that in / r/russia next time you see it just to quell the rampant ukrainians-are-nazis thing going on there .
