  their mod will just demand he source each claim and then ban him anyway . 
  in order to capitalize upon this perception of lithuania i propose a petition to rename lithuania to hashtag lithuania . 
  if you want to show your support for the hashtag lithuania campaign please use the hashtag #lithuania . 
  wow , that 's just creepy . 
  i 'm sympathetic to the plight of most central-east states , considering while nowadays saying * `` east europe '' * generally means * `` east of central/germany-ish and not scandinavian '' * the phrase still carries the stigma of meaning * `` yeah the ussr just fucked us over for decades . 
  '' * i mean if we 're talking geographically then the czech republic , austria , hungary and most of poland are central instead of eastern anyway . 
  in conclusion , * politics . 
  plus there 's those two fuck-off eagles that are guarding king arthur . 
  that is beautiful . 
  you guys are so nervous about this in ireland . 
  me and my buddies used to love just chilling out in our local park or on our crappy , stoney beach with a couple jars , but the polish contingent that normally was down for whatever was always really hesitant about being seen with a beer outdoors . 
  i mean like , do n't litter or anything and you 're good lads . 
  * do n't mention abkhazia !, 
  what 's the deal with the rug fascination , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  i 've heard this referred to repeatedly . 
   most people have moved on from it and in general view ira activity as terrorism . 
  addendum for the north : * the ` ra is still viewed positively by the nationalist community , negatively by the unionist community . 
  * that means the green bits and orange bits , respectively . 
  * it 's really , really best not to talk about politics * at all * with us because the entire system still revolves around this split , but if you do it anyway , be aware of the above . 
  let it go , dude . 
  * inglourious basterds * has assured me this is how germans will realize that i 'm british . 
  wait i mean ir - *** fuck . 
  then it 's high-risk , high-reward . 
  oh no you can totally do the big man down south . 
  hell you can probably do him up here too , just make sure your audience does n't have any visible tattoos . 
  nah it 's just 2 beers that the cia makes the barman pull poorly so the whole thing is just a disaster waiting to happen . 
  and there 's us in the north . 
   i saw a man in london just barge straight through two women who were walking slowly side by side on a foot bridge . 
  i dream of doing this everyday . 
  every . 
  day . 
  the ... * bellamy ? 
  `` give . '', 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm sorry , i want to make sure i 've got you clear here . 
  you want everybody here to believe that * russia , * famously corrupt , famously media-controlling , flooding youtube with fistfights and dashcam-car-crashes * russia , * is n't as violent as america because you have n't heard of sandy hook oblast ? 
  i want you to say those words , so we all know for sure just how foolish you are . 
  we all have seen that lovely little girl shooting to a bus running downhill with a machine gun ; she was wearing googles and ear protection , safety first . 
  meanwhile , next to her there was an obese man shooting a bazooka like it 's the most normal thing in the world . 
  i 'm sure this was a scathing indictment in your head but it came out as incomprehensible gibberish . 
   russians have not reached american violence levels , yet . 
  what 's that based on , exactly ? 
  was n't it also officially never handed over or anything ? 
  the red army just refused to leave ? 
  i 'm sure i heard that somewhere . 
  in all likelihood it 's going to be used as a proxy for the us and other nato states to sell-on to ukraine . 
  i 'd actually like for him not to be a total fuckbasket too . 
  how about putin [ pay belgium back the $ 50 billion he owes them ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20150620-belgium-unblock-frozen-russian-diplomatic-accounts-fm ) before starting any other altruistic investment schemes ? 
  absolutely . 
  the idiot running the kremlin gets away with another show of intimidation and a piece of europe loses it 's dignity again . 
  jesus what i 'd give for a strong leader with a set of balls . 
  :  `` a solution has been found to unblock as a priority accounts for the running of the embassies , and the rest will follow , '' a ministry spokesman told afp , quoting foreign minister didier reynders . 
   accounts held at ing bank by russia 's embassy to belgium as well as the country 's embassies to the european union and nato are among those to be unfrozen first , said the spokesman henrik van de velde . 
   many redditors from / r/ukraina have joined the ranks of ukrainian military - either drafted or volunteered , including some of the moderators . 
  this is when war is closer than you think . 
  jesus , be careful . 
  i 'm trying not to be smug about this , but it 's lovely to see how worried he is about losing the world cup . 
  no surprise really , as long as you pay no heed to - as i 've said - the politicians with no answers and the rag media . 
  yeah , that 's never going to happen . 
   because the rule of the court is against russian federation , not private companies . 
  if for example , an asset of gazprom is seized , then the private shareholders are harmed , among them not just russians , but also foreigners . 
  again though , there 's no protection here against a court ruling . 
  money is owed , and is available for seizure . 
  where does the protection come in ? 
   they can not seize more than what is ` owed ' what is owed amounts to $ 50 billion though . 
  that ca n't be seized , only part of it . 
  the rest must be demanded from the debtor which in this case is the russian state . 
   and they can not go world wide simultaneously . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by this . 
  injunctions can be applied out of jurisdictions in certain circumstances but i 'm not sure how that applies here , because the assets have already been seized . 
  i agree that there is zero chance in getting russia to respect the ruling for seizure . 
  inter did n't win the champion 's league this year . 
  does that help ? 
  you 've only got the * second * best club side in europe . 
  [ x-post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/3aepeh/waterford_whispers_news_highlights_the_number_of/ ) from / r/ireland they 've been appearing on here more and more recently , but for those that do n't know waterford whispers is an irish satirical news website . 
  sometimes though , they post something that just makes you sit down and think . 
  if you are looking for me to conflate open dialogue on sensitive issues for the left with an endorsement of ukip and nigel farage , look elsewhere . 
  that 's not a bad sell . 
  maybe i 'll give them another look next time . 
   russian companies even with state participation are private corporations - their properties can not be arrested . 
  i only know a few exceptions to this . 
  okay i 'm very confused here - you do n't arrest property or chattel , you * seize * them . 
  i assure you under the law as defined by the ica these assets can and will be seized , and it 's perfectly legal to do so . 
  i 'm not sure why you think private enterprise is protected from the rule of law . 
  am i misunderstanding you here ? 
   what can be moved are liquid assets , and some real estate that is not used for diplomatic purposes , that can be liquidated and also brought to russia . 
  okay again , regardless of whatever diplomatic protection you think is accorded to companies like yukos their assets and real-estate * can * be injuncted to prevent their moving and then seized . 
  this is literally the purpose of injunctions - to prevent companies pre-emptively escaping the effects of the court 's ruling . 
  i 've never read * the economist * and i 'll admit part of that reason is born out in op 's post : i think the covers make it look like a cheaply produced tabloid rag . 
  see , i identify as a liberal , but this is absolutely a failing of the modern left worldwide , not just in britain . 
  nowhere is the left allowed a dissenting opinion on issues relating to race , culture or immigration . 
  the entire spectrum has been ceded totally to the political right . 
  if you self-identify as a leftist , you are expected to hold an open-borders policy on immigration and an absolutely accepting position on cultural integration . 
  the serious problems these positions bring can never be addressed within the context of modern left-wing political discourse because they are not accepted to exist at all . 
  anyone who asserts that these problems are important to deal with are instantly tarred as bigots or racists regardless of the content of their message . 
  it 's absolutely absurd . 
  this is why parties like ukip have gained traction recently despite being run by literal racist idiots . 
  move what , exactly ? 
  move russian-based company investments * out * of the ultra-lucrative eu markets for hypothetical reinvestment in the entirely non-symmetrical and entirely more unreliable chinese or indian markets ? 
  i 'm not sure what you think putin 's options are here . 
  that 's what this article is about .
