  i believe that 's how it works , yes . 
  albania is just kicking itself , i 'm sure . 
  when you 're going to cork , you want it to take as long as possible . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 'd be worthwhile to at * least * get one funneled through to warsaw . 
  the glorious legacy of the soviet union lives on . 
  hell , moscow itself is n't great unless you want to go to * hijica hubpropa * or * cahkt-netepohpyr . 
  how likely is it that there will ever be a connection snaking finland and sweden ? 
  i ca n't wait to travel to the beautiful serbian cities of db , ice , trenitalia and eurostar . 
  we should probably get working on building that stuff eastward . 
  if ya got the guts !, 
  did he mean to say miami ? 
  goddamn estonia really bringing it 's game to the table . 
  still , top 4 is pretty good . 
  true , but the point remains that the mistake itself is egregious but understandable . 
  the endless interference and obstruction leading into endless spin , victim-shaming and lies is not . 
  they 've got george lucas hard at work adding starfighters and explosions into the new remastered film clip . 
  quick better politicize human rights policy, 
  oh look ryanair are being cunts again . 
   is n't blaming someone for not closing the airspace over a war zone with active anti-air warfare a natural reaction ? 
  it does n't carry the same weight when it 's coming from the guy who 's holding the smoking rocket launcher . 
  sounds normal to me . 
  a - * bluh-bluh-bluh *, 
   russian troops , earlier this week , moved markers saying `` state border '' 450 metres deeper into georgia from the south ossetia demarcation line . 
  i 'm sorry , i just ca n't stop giggling at this . 
  hope all our greek redditors and their families are safe . 
  also hope this was all just a massive accident or due to the weather , because if it it 's not , hoo boy ... 
  scheduled arson ? 
  there 's been a few things going on outside of whatever 's happening in kenya , mate . 
  it would be nice if london took a hand in this two so we 'd have a good old three-way instead of just these two , but i 'm sure there 's a good reason blah blah buh blah blah, 
  i 'm not trying to equate the two . 
  i 'm saying that your equating them here :  the irish fucked shit up for decades , and yet people did n't see crowds of us at mass and call us scary . 
  was wrong . 
  i mean , yeah , but they 're louder about it than you guys . 
  on the other hand , we 're also rather industrious and have recovered from the recession far better than certain other countries , and our culture and character is entirely more part of the british isles than the med . 
  plus the mediterranean sun would burn our pale , pallid skin . 
  technically western european - the * best kind * of western european . 
  i 'm enjoying the social creep of seeing dutch people complain about being included in central instead of western and the baltics cheerfully baffled about being in central instead of eastern . 
  i bet you could grade these groups in order of perceived prestige and it 'd make for an interesting conversation . 
  i imagine it 'd go something like 1 . 
  western europe 2 . 
  central europe 3 . 
  northern europe . 
  southern europe . 
  eastern europe . 
  that 's complete supposition on my part though . 
  france , belgium and , for some reason , the outer hebrides . 
  i grew up in the north . 
  people absolutely did n't want to come here and there 's still a stigma on the place . 
  when my mum went abroad for college in england ( my dad could n't afford too ) she was refused entry into bars and clubs because with her accent people thought she was with the ` ra . 
  one time her roomates played a `` prank '' on her by calling the peelers and saying they heard her muttering about a bomb . 
  she wanted to become a primary school teacher in york , but ended up doing it back at home instead . 
  that 's from blowing * ourselves * up . 
  just because you 've never come across this stigma does n't mean it never existed . 
  more like * bestern europe . 
  you can barely see it , but there * is * a straight line between belfast and dublin . 
  they did n't forget about us !, 
  another worthwhile entry in this fine tapestry you 've crafted to shill your narrative . 
  wait , what ? 
  you are aware that most sensible people give other countries the benefit of the doubt and only call them out when they 're repeatedly in the news for doing heinous shit like violating civil liberties , stripping citizens of human rights , or outright abducting or murdering people , right ? 
  people generally do n't just call countries out on a whim , it 's because of long-term substantiation of that problem . 
  so when you flippantly state `` is that the intolerant russia ? '', 
  after they allow one prayer service to go ahead , you look like a bit of an idiot , right ? 
  eid o n't believe it . 
  is there anything going on in kenya that would necessitate a vest ? 
  i mean , i think it 's embarrassing to say this is a `` humiliation '' for kenya , but then nairobi news looks like a tabloid rag . 
  * potato-bomb explodes in outrage *, 
  another day-long break , another half-hearted return to bitching that your dictator does n't meddle with his own polls . 
  stellar , thanks . 
  i 'll read it after work . 
  this argument started because you equated shooting down low flying helicopter gunships with the capability to shoot down a plane at 32,000 feet . 
  even shooting down the cargo plane at 21,000 was done with a shoulder mounted rocket , which simply ca n't reach that high . 
  now , as to whether ukraine should have declared a no-fly zone ; yes , they obviously should . 
  still , ca n't pass up a chance to get the word `` russia '' in a headline , journalistic integrity be damned . 
  you know it 's a good conversation when you have to repost something you 've just posted but here we go :  many reports and researchers ( among them independent russian experts ) concluded that the conflict started much earlier than the georgian military operation began on 7 august at 23:35 and that russia was responsible . 
  the relations between georgia and russia deteriorated since vladimir putin 's rise to power in 1999-2000 . 
  south ossetian separatists began attacking the georgian villages in early august 2008 . 
  russia was preparing to go to war with georgia for years before 2008 . 
  some researchers paid attention to the military exercise `` kavkaz 2008 '' , which concluded in early august . 
  during this exercise a written notice entitled `` soldier , know your probable enemy '' ( the enemy was clarified as georgia ) was circulated among the russian participants . 
  russian journalists began arriving in tskhinvali on 2 august to cover a war that had not yet begun . 
  some russian regular troops entered south ossetia before the georgian military operation against tskhinvali began on 7 august . 
  furthermore , you did n't post the * very next paragraph in the article . 
  * the reason you did n't post it is because osce itself disputes the claims of ryan grist and stephen young . 
  per the article :  georgia , and some western diplomats in tbilisi later questioned grist 's objectivity . 
  [ 68 ] [ 71 ] the osce curbed the attempts by the new york times to interview the monitors , saying they would not be publicly engaged in disagreement . 
  [ 3 ] terhi hakala , head of the osce mission to georgia , called the monitors ' claims `` a bit irrelevant . 
  '' [ 68 ] osce deputy spokeswoman virginie coulloudon told the journalists that the organization 's monitors make `` patrol reports '' from the ground `` on a daily basis . '', 
  coulloudon also said that `` the osce is not in a capacity to say who started the war and what happened before the night of [ august ] 7-8 . 
  '' [ 72 ] journalists documented dozens of eyewitnesses ' accounts that confirmed the reports that pro-moscow separatist forces had been shelling the georgian villages before august 7 . 
  the eyewitness accounts are also consistent with a report issued on 5 august 2008 , by a tripartite monitoring group , which included organization for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) observers and representatives of russian peacekeepers in the region . 
  the report , signed by the commander of russian peacekeepers , general marat kulakhmetov , said there was evidence of attacks against ethnic georgian villages in south ossetia . 
  the report also stated that south ossetian separatists were using heavy weapons against the georgian villages , which was prohibited by a 1992 cease-fire agreement . 
  [ 72 ] and of course there 's the paragraph after that , where grist casts doubt on his * own * testimony :  the wall street journal ( wsj ) wrote that in an interview grist acknowledged he crossed through russian lines without authorization on his own initiative to determine the facts , which ultimately cost him his osce job . 
  he was forced to resign from the osce immediately after the war . 
  wsj adds grist remains `` scathing '' about georgian actions before and during the war , but says that some of his comments have been overinterpreted and quotes grist saying `` i have never said there was no provocation by the south ossetians . '', 
  `` what i have said is that the response from the georgian authorities was absolutely disproportionate , '' said ryan grist . 
  [ 68 ] and , heck , just for further context for anybody reading , the paragraph after * that : *  in an interview with the wall street journal , ryan grist said that on 12 august he went to visit a friend in tskhinvali , lira tskhovrebova , who was well connected with the separatist authorities . 
  friends took him to see two top south ossetian officials . 
  on the road to tbilisi grist was stopped by south ossetian militia . 
  he shouted the names of the officials he had just been meeting `` so they would n't shoot '' him .
