  glad we agree . 
   removal of access from swift just increases the chance of a swift rival . 
  this will hurt very badly for russia , but again , it 's basically the most powerful card to play . 
  it will also politicize swift , and will also hurt the other countries part of it . 
  theory from an article which illustrates in exacting detail how the organ could be used to cripple an irrational dictator . 
  that 's what you asked and that 's what i showed you . 
  of course it 's an imperfect method . 
  fears of a rival being shorn up in opposition to the politicization of the body by * china * of all people will not recieve support from india , russia will be crippled , and the west and it 's allies will remain in swift . 
  so if you wish to put your eggs in that basket , feel free . 
  a complete embargo on russia by the eu/us is soo ridiculously unlikely , and even after that the russians would n't be starving . 
  eu countries need russian gas , and including germany . 
  also , what happens when there is n't unanimity ? 
  greece , cyprus , bulgaria , possibly france in the future . 
  all skeptic of any more action . 
  you asked me to show you how it was done , i showed you how . 
  and we did n't even have to risk the life of one soldier . 
  and as you well know the eu is purposefully moving away from dependance on single-suppliers for energy because - hey , hey - of russia 's actions . 
  another stellar win for the putin administration and it 's export-dependant economy . 
   you seem to forget , russia is a large economy with strong international ties . 
  russia is also producing their own food now , which in the stalin era , he allowed them to die . 
  russia is an economy utterly and completely dependant upon exporting energy , it 's largest and by far most lucrative trading partner is the eu . 
  it has worked tirelessly to alienate itself from former allies and trade partners aside from such stalwart resolutes as iran and china , which have publicly said they will not side with russia over the eu or us in trade disputes or any other matter.when the russian economy collapses , the state fails and the organs of state , sustained and hampered at once by endemic corruption , die . 
  and then people start to go hungry . 
  this is what happens when you do n't tackle systemic corruption in every level of your nation . 
  it leaves you with no choice . 
   how though ? 
  putin suddenly comes to his sense and thinks `` oh what a stupid boy i 've been , here you go country i 've been at hybrid war with for over a year , have this place back that the russians value to highly '' nato will not intervene militarily in crimea . 
  the most they 'll do is set up a proxy war with russia , over crimea , and even that is unlikely since ukraine is not in nato . 
  intervening militarily would be the only possible option . 
  it 's not possible to simply starve russia anymore . 
  if you think putin is still making decisions at the point of governmental collapse , or indeed that it 's a functioning state at that point at all , i 've got a lambda next to a 3 to sell you . 
   of course , because kaliningrad is not allowed a choice . 
  oh please , you brought kongisberg up , not me . 
  and you did n't shed a tear when crimea was denied a choice , so i do n't see how a rational man could take at face value your concern for the self-determination of konigsberg either . 
  next year is 2017 , is it ? 
  so when you said there was no irony in decrying propaganda in defense of the kremlin you were ... temporarily insane ? 
  you literally stated  i think the russian economy is still expected to grow next year/year after even with sanctions and similar energy prices . 
  i mean maybe i 'm reading it wrong . 
  well , that * particular * fact does n't fit his narrative , so he chooses to ignore it . 
  you back a regime which lives and breathes propaganda through a state-controlled media outlet on tv , print and new media . 
  the fact that you deny it is funny and pretty interesting . 
  er , okay . 
  increasing sanctions to the point were the russian economy collapses because it 's been incompetently managed for decades , removal of access to swift and the european energy markets to prevent moscow resuscitating it , a strong nato presence in the eastern eu so that moscow can not distract any further from it 's atrocities at home with jingoism and invasions , and then we watch a massive country of disparate peoples eat itself . 
  and then crimea goes back to ukraine , because it was taken illegally . 
  and sure why not , konigsberg goes back to germany so they can have a decent standard of living , why not ? 
  well you 've got 2.5 parties of public-schooled oxbridge grads who are n't interested in changing the system * at all . 
  * that 's the climate the electorate has allowed to happen . 
   propaganda works wonders . 
  the irony . 
   stalin did win wwii nearly by himself . 
  most yanks will say that nuking japan was a good thing . 
  it 's amazing how one short line can be incorrect twice . 
  you 're being an apologist . 
  it 's bluster used by apologists to defer the inevitable and rather tired bluster at that . 
   i realise . 
  the opinion is based on factual information . 
  whereas / u/maltybeverage linked to financial analysis , you linked to opinion based on financial speculation . 
  shocker . 
   oh it is ? 
  my agenda of stopping hyperbole comments ? 
  russia is far far off of collapse , and you know it . 
  pro-kremlin commentator sides with kremlin at all available opportunities , masses stunned . 
  apologists have repeated this ad nauseum with little backing other than their political dictation . 
   the article is n't just opinion . 
  it 's opinion based upon factual analysis . 
  and bloomberg is world renowned organization around economics . 
  you just have biases you need to conform to , i get it . 
  you quoted an opinion piece you numpty . 
  and do n't accuse others of agendas when yours is well known . 
  the nazi administration was rooted out and dismantled , root and stem . 
  the soviet administration was allowed to exist for decades afterwards . 
  that 's the difference in social climate . 
  what , you being intentionally misleading * is n't * a big enough point on it 's own ? 
  in a shocking turn of events it seems likely the russian-backed insurgents shot down the civilian airliner . 
  absolutely nobody predicted this stunning discovery almost as soon as the basic details were out . 
  yes , you are the conspiracy nut . 
  / u/doctomoe 's spiral into piss-drinking conspiracy nut continues unabated . 
  er , the `` best '' `` they '' ( note : your country is included in this too ) have to offer is nuclear obliteration . 
  so you may not want to worry about that , but more intelligent people will . 
  ... back ? 
  plus it 's , y' know , new jersey . 
  give me one teeny , tiny source that even begins to support your idiocy . 
  are you saying the eu has shot missiles at russian soldiers or citizens ? 
  if not then shut up you complete fucking idiot . 
  run my economy better and not worry powerful , richer neighbours with unwarranted invasions . 
  russia 's actions are a threat to these states . 
  in a decision , we pick them over an irrational actor . 
   hundreds of workers are paid around # 500 a month and required to write at least 135 comments per day - or face immediate dismissal  now one former foot soldier has broken ranks to expose the orwellian ` troll factories ' where state-sponsored employees work 12-hour shifts posting pro-putin propaganda on news and social media websites . 
  yep , this is definitely in russia 's best interests . 
  well , that 's neat . 
  you should probably [ look that term up ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cognitive_dissonance ) before you try to apply it next time . 
  how * is * imperial japan these days ? 
  we should help them more because it 's in our interest as a growing organization and its the right thing to do . 
  how 's that ? 
  sorry , it 's hard to see your arguement when a gust of wind just blew it away . 
  speak for yourself . 
  ukraine is clearly in the right in this conflict and russia is clearly in the wrong . 
  our support wo n't change . 
  glad to see my personal policy of ignoring anyone who ends a sentence with '' ... no ? '', 
  continues to pay off .
