  they made their decision , you do n't get to rescind it ,, 
  bad boys 2 alone is going to set relations back like ten years . 
  jesus is there anyway we can just embargo michael bay media ? 
  absolutely . 
  wait till you see this have a massive effect on the 2016 election , particularly if jeb bush or rubio get the vote . 
  i 'd legitimately eat potatoes with every meal if i was n't living in canada right now ( where for some reason they do n't do that ) and , as an ulsterman ( best province ) who grew up in norn iron , we 're all way more arguementative and conscious about revealing anything about our religious or political leanings than everyone down south . 
  i still find it really awkward wearing anything predominantly green because of my time in belfast . 
  also our accent sounds like someone choking a cartoon weasel . 
  also we do actually live in westeros . 
  jesus christ , this is all getting hard to follow . 
  saving this for when i 'm out of the office . 
  that 's a stupid fucking arguement . 
  if you think russia has the capability to sustain a world war scale conflict then i 've got a lambda next to a 3 to sell you . 
  i 'll give you this - you may be on a sinking ship but you 've got no problem nailing your colours to the mast of it . 
  lotta kremlin apologists down voting you , apparently . 
  the eu , which has a mutual defence clause in the lisbon treaty , and which brings into the conflict members which are covered by nato 's article 5 . 
  the benefits of positive diplomacy . 
  lisbon mutual defence clause , which brings in countries with coverage from natos article 5 . 
  they 're a part of the eu and are covered by the mutual defence clause in the lisbon treaty . 
  most of the lisbon members are nato members of nato and thus covered by article 5 at hone and abroad . 
  the benefits of good diplomacy . 
  ... what ? 
  i think it 's the sign of an enlightened society that we trust others to join at their own pace , not just when it makes sense for us . 
  we also rank # 1 in * hustle * and * stick-to-it-iveness . 
  * in all honesty though , as wonderful as this continent is and as close as we 've all become - and the internet and the eu are perfect tools for doing that - until we trust each other enough to become a unified , federal used superstate instead of a loose , often bickering confederation we 'll always be , at best , number2 . 
  enforce a cap on private donations and make political accounts an accessible public record . 
  boom - problem solved * figuratively * forever . 
  why do people do this ? 
  it * never * has the desired effect in a free and reasoned society , and i say that as a norn ironer who 's seen first-hand what the butt-end of reasonable looks like . 
  hopefully nothing will come of this , but regardless , stay safe to all our danish posters . 
  yeah , that 's the kind of shit that 'll get you banished alright . 
  hollandroids . 
  is there any real value to the western sahara besides it 's cultural or historical appeal ? 
  it 's mostly deserted and there 's nothing intrinsically valuable there , right ? 
  or is there ? 
  the dude who painted the mural , joe caslin , is n't gay . 
  who are , as everywhere , the most prolific voters . 
  that said this is one of those highly public keystone issues that younger voters * tend * to be more engaged in , so we 'll see . 
  that 's the stuff . 
   great , the same professional publications that 3 or 4 years ago were saying that greece is heading for a full recovery are saying that romania is doing great . 
  well , that 's just dandy . 
  i 'm going to start ignoring you if you keep spouting ignorance like this . 
  nevermind that * that 's wrong , * these bodies ( there are over 80 sources , not just 3 or 4 ) did n't vouchsafe greece in ... 2011 ( i 'll assume you meant 2008 ) , the greek situation was due to unique and endemic corruption where they would , in essence , literally make up their accounts . 
  assumedly you are n't doing this in romania . 
  the rest of your post is just you having a moan and frankly i do n't even know what your arguement is . 
  regardless of the current state of romania and why you believe it to be `` catastrophic '' , it is empirical fact borne out by endless reels of data ( and repeatedly sourced and cited among professional publications in the above users link ) that it 's improved massively from what it once was and is continuing to improve . 
  there are still massive problems . 
  of course there are . 
  that 's not going to change until the people in power change or change themselves . 
  oh my god , you were one of those dudes hounding / u/walt _ ua over that picture of an unexploded missile in his apartment block . 
  and then you link us * to * that arguement . 
  like seriously , you wonder why people do n't take you seriously when you provide your petty little tete-a-tete as proof of this phantom body of * `` western '' * propaganda ? 
  i assume that 's romanian for `` i agree . '', 
  poland is the poster boy , certainly , but the rest are being compelled by a mix of eu policy and grass-roots desire for change which , we can only assume , is brought on by the ease of travel bringing to light how it 's done in other less corrupt nations . 
   russians showed incredible restraint in their dealings with tatars , considering how ruthless and murderous tatars behaved towards slavs . 
  just like they showed incredible restraint towards germans in the 20th century , who likewise now expect to be viewed as unfortunate victims . 
  gon na have to ask you what you mean . 
  that 's actually a pretty good line , i 'm gon na steal that . 
  lithumania 's running wild !, 
   the ottoman empire was a stunning example of pre-modern multiculturalism was it really ? 
  i 'd honestly be interested in hearing more about that . 
  i 'm not sure how an empirical , recorded event like this can be termed inaccurate . 
  the reason it was not officially termed a genocide before was purely a diplomatic affair . 
  it does set an important precedent for such a major body to recognize the genocide as such , though . 
  for years the issue was tacitly avoided in deference to turkey . 
  one could assume that erdogan 's rise to power and anti-western approach may have given people the impetus to push for this though . 
  could i suggest perhaps a robot-dinosaur ? 
  so you come into a thread about moscow banning an american movie , and your big pr idea is to ask for the blanket banning of all american movies ? 
  i mean i 'd say you were doing it facetiously but this is the guy who 's been telling people for a year to get rid of their usd and buy gold because `` it 's coming . '', 
  yech . 
  it 's a * really * pretty face , though . 
  which is correct , legally it is n't . 
  it 's hard to argue with them . 
  they 're literally being forced at gunpoint to submit to foreign occupiers . 
  that 's a sympathetic plight . 
  they do n't have sarcasm over there , huh ? 
  that 's kind of the point . 
   by doing so , you tarnish the likes of people such as james connolly , oscar wilde and other socialists who have greatly improved the lives of working people and contributed so much to society . 
  i 've not developed a strong opinion either way on this issue but that is some grade a hyperbole right there . 
  thanks . 
  there 's no `` east '' to go to . 
  there 's no equivalent organization to apply to . 
  you either gain admittance to the eu or you do n't , or perhaps work out some kind of * special relationship * compromise package . 
  you asked him to provide proof of french reparations , which he did . 
  nobody here is contesting that it was n't a genocide - it was . 
  now the graceful thing to do here would be to concede the point and de-escalate this pointless arguement . 
  shoulda made it a giant robot . 
  turks love statues of giant robots . 
  yeah but the * west * is where the real media control is at . 
  the west referring to up to a hundred countries depending on how pissy the putin administration is feeling on any given day . 
  the problem there is the interpretation between why you have these things and why others would infer you have them . 
  it 's a bit different for us in countries that never faced in large soviet presence , but i imagine in post-soviet states the implication that you support the former regime is a lot more validated . 
  possession of nazi symbols voices your support for a violent , suppressive regime that murdered millions of people . 
  same for soviet symbols . 
  not saying that means they should be banned , just saying that 's what possession of these things says about your personally or the organization that has them . 
  got ta control all that potassium . 
  we 're all lessened by your loss . 
  and idiotic comments like this make rational people ignore everything else you say . 
  i have , that 's why i am . 
  stuff like this ?
