  but for investment from the west it would have been even worse off . 
  it 's army disintegrated with rogues selling off armaments left right and centre , it 's economy was a disaster , and the best politician they got out of it was a kgb colonel who failed to diversify the economy of the country with the greatest natural resources on earth . 
  the west was under no obligation to offer the loser of the cold war anything . 
  they were given a hand for increased dialogue and cooperation , which they then spat upon with militaristic jingoism , which they now complain about . 
   it 's like a mobster saying `` i could have taken everything from you , stripped you of every possession , but chose to spare a pair of pants , be grateful '' - except that mobster at least is n't really expecting you to be grateful . 
  russia was , and is , owed nothing . 
  it 's former allies and satellites detest it . 
  it 's resources are under-utilized . 
  it 's government is run by * vors * and kgb colonels , just like it was under the ussr . 
  the soviet union self-destructed ; russia was not robbed , it through it 's clothes to the wind . 
  the idea of russian exceptionalism is staggeringly arrogant . 
  you were virtually a failed state - rapproachment with a former enemy is something a rational person should be grateful for . 
   everyone have agreed to introduce russia into security counsel not out of the goodness of their hearts , but simply because they were scared of the consequences of not doing so . 
  see what i mean ? 
  this does n't gel with your idea of `` mobsters robbing russia '' at all . 
  nato could have quite easily dismantled what remained of the rufed after the fall of the soviet union , when your generals and politicians were busy fighting and robbing each other and the country at large . 
  they did n't , because they are better than you . 
  they sought stable , successful partners , not idiotic ideas of empires , buffer states and border lands . 
  there 's a reason west germany was superior to east germany in every way . 
  there 's a reason poland is doing so much better under the eu than under the warsaw pact . 
  you were , and are , no threat . 
  the sooner you realize your impotence the better . 
   soviet union collapse was pretty bad and messy as it was . 
  it crippled you . 
  it could have been a lot worse , and looking at what 's become of russia it probably should have been . 
  who put orange shit on the lembas bread ? 
  `` where should we have the capital ? '', 
  `` belgra * aaaaaagh - '' * `` well , he 's dead . 
  anyone else ? '', 
  `` yeah uh , i 'd like to suggest zagre * aaaaargh - '' * `` bucharest it is . 
  next topic - what 's our national dish ? '', 
  holy roman empires , batman !, 
  ca n't we just elect one champion from each nation and have them set policy via massive royal rumble style brawl ? 
  pointing heavily towards does not mean there 's no hard evidence . 
  you 've never heard of the terms of conviction `` balance of probabilities '' or even more forgivingly `` beyond reasonable doubt '' ? 
  the dude is * beloved * over here . 
  he seriously knows his business . 
  * bon chance !, 
   ukraine is being raped by russia as we speak . 
  the west is deeply concerned . 
  i 'm just saying because it cost us literally nothing to take russia 's closest ally from them . 
  they leapt into our arms willingly , and moscow was powerless to stop them . 
  is n't that kind of embarrassing for them ? 
   obviously , that 's not in anybodies best interest . 
  the west does n't want russia lashing out . 
  i 'm not sure why the west would be concerned about an unhappy , outdated and systemically corrupt regional military . 
  perhaps you 're confusing who you 're talking about for someone with force projection or a modern military . 
   again , internet bravado is one thing , the situation on the ground is a bit different . 
  agreed , that 's why you 're so easily dismissed . 
   no , moscow is lying to give the western leaders an out . 
  this way the west can pussyfoot around without doing anything substantial , while russia takes what they want . 
  wow . 
  is that why we took ukraine from them so easily ? 
   nobody actually believes russia when they say that . 
  it just makes it much easier for western leaders to pretend that nothing is happening , which is what they want to do in the first place . 
  no argument there . 
  it 's just baffling considering we could easily cripple russia economically and militarily almost overnight with zero recourse from the kremlin . 
  it would be quite funny to see starved and penniless citizens literally eating putin alive for what they did to him , would n't it ? 
   let 's wrap it up : i provide you with an official statement of ` levada ' itself where they firmly state that poll results are correct ( and go miles to explain in details why is it so ) . 
  you provided me with a link in russian where you told me they said that their most recent poll is correct . 
  i provided you with a link with a statement from levada that putin had disrupted their attempts to tell him that he is substantially less popular than report 3 times . 
  i 'm not disputing that the most recent poll is accurate . 
  i 'm stating putin directly tampers with the polls and the distribution of them , as levada themselves reports . 
   while you share an anecdote you do n't know what anecdote means . 
  here 's a hint ; what i linked was a direct quote . 
   while you share an anecdote from a wikipedia article which directly quotes [ the russian source . 
  ] ( http://magazines.russ.ru/nz/2003/5/levin.html ) apparently you do n't know how citations work either . 
  i 'm starting to realize i 'm talking to a high schooler . 
   stating that putin dislikes hearing stuff and a heartful proclamation on the matters of truth . 
  yup , that hurt your pride so you post nonsense instead of accepting the simple fact that your dictator interferes with his own popularity polls . 
  because he 's , y' know , a dictator . 
  who controls his own media and image . 
   dou you by any chance own an arm-chair ? 
  i probably own a lot of stuff you do n't . 
   i would humbly suggest you pay a visit to a physician , this probably hurts . 
  if you ca n't admit you were wrong for engaging in personal attacks because of your own pride , perhaps you should n't be trying to have discussions with people at all . 
  that 's strange , because moscow is wetting it 's pants anytime anyone says that and is insisting that they are n't , almost like they 're afraid of something . 
  are you saying moscow is lying because they 're afraid ? 
  i thought there were n't any russian tanks in eastern ukraine ? 
  are you saying there are ? 
  no , * not nice * is invading . 
  offering you a seat on a council specifically designed to foster closer ties with you is nice . 
  i 'm not sure if you 've just got an overinflated sense of what the kremlin is entitled to or if you 're too young to know your history , but i 've no idea what you expect from this relationship . 
  what 's do be done ? 
  to my understanding the uk has been giving some form of payment or other to calais to help deal with the problem , but the mayor and local politicians would rather use it as a political rallying point than deal with the problem . 
  mine , aka the ulster accent , aka that nasally belfast twang that james nesbitt has . 
  also cork , because fuck 's sake , it 's cork . 
   it 's a conflict without a winner . 
  russia loses a contemporary war , and there will be no nuclear exchange . 
  it 's absurd that you think otherwise , but then again stalin was allowed to abuse his nation and others when hitler was utterly uprooted and nazism destroyed , leaving a much better germany , so i guess that 's our lesson for the future . 
   calls by internet tough guys on reddit . 
  meanwhile , actual leaders know what 's up . 
  apologist apologizes for dictatorship , no-one cares . 
  hence the calls for intervention , hence the world leaving russia and it 's kgb colonel dictator in the past where his cold war ideology belongs . 
  well to be honest until the eu is a more united , federal body the constituent parts will be more cautious about standing up to bullies like putin , even if it damages them at home . 
  i mean have the details of the investigation ever come to light yet ? 
  i do n't see any way that they do n't point heavily towards the russian soldiers-cum-rebels . 
   nato would never dare using force against russia over a non member . 
  they are not stupid . 
  russian bluster .
