  * exasperated hand motions *, 
  * cabers tossed . 
  for fuck 's sake / u/samartae is a troll . 
  how is that not blatantly obvious from the first thing that he says ? 
  what did you expect him to say ? 
  `` oh my word , now i see how wrong i was all along ? '', 
  good luck waiting for * that . 
  take off the tinfoil hat beavis . 
  grabbing this for later . 
   supporters of the 1999 nato bombing of yugoslavia have argued that the bombing brought to an end the ethnic cleansing of kosovo 's albanian population , and that it hastened ( or caused ) the downfall of slobodan milo\u0161evi\u0107 's government , which they saw as responsible for the international isolation of yugoslavia , many war crimes , and gross human rights violations . 
  sounds good what 's the arguement against  others view the action as of dubious legality oh well it sounds like the unsc resolution on libya must have been really restrictive according to you right  the resolution formed the legal basis for military intervention in the libyan civil war , demanding `` an immediate ceasefire '' and authorizing the international community to establish a no-fly zone and to use all means necessary short of foreign occupation to protect civilians oh, 
  damn those un-mandated interventions , damn them to hell, 
  / u/sarmatae is a true believer in what he posts , looking at his post history . 
  have they ever requested this before ? 
  actually , has * any * large body ever formally requested turkey withdraw from cyprus before ? 
  did not know that . 
  kind of regret naming him now . 
  while i do n't pay attention to mod drama ( and do n't know anything about the mod in question ) , i 'm going to assume you 're talking about / u/davidreiss666 , or however that name was spelled ? 
  i think he got removed a week or so ago when the whole kerfuffle about one of the mod candidates being a extreme-right greater-serbia type came to light . 
  edit : there 's a downvote , so i guess he saw my comment ? 
  replace `` right-wing '' with `` extremist '' if you prefer . 
  i do n't know anything about the party 's internal funding accounts , so i wo n't comment on them . 
  oh , a lot of right-wing political groups across the eu member-states have been found to have received major funding and backing from the kremlin . 
  well yeah , but he 's been lying for over a year now , we need to keep thinking of more entertaining ways to say it so people do n't get war-weary . 
  yeah i do n't think this is getting enough attention . 
  this is flat-out history-rewriting , we-didn ` t-do-anything-wrong dictator speak . 
  that 's fine , my point is equally incoherent . 
  i suppose you could think of mao as a version of hitler that simply never went to war . 
  i imagine had mao taken more lives than just those of his own countrymen he 'd be more vilified than he currently is . 
  history 's written by the victors and all that though , and the ccp is there because he was there . 
  russia would be the largest , most populous country in any alliance solely with the eu member-states and would seek to wield the influence that the us currently does in nato , while adding umpteen problems to the mix with an aggressive , autocratic government and systemically corrupt organ of state , not to mention the moribund economy . 
  in nato they would be forced to act as a partner given the pre-existing relationship between the eu states and the presence of the us preventing it from expanding it 's influence to the detriment of others . 
  `` there must have been some greater reason for why we went through all that '' is always an option to those who 've lived through unjust suffering . 
  and i think you are overplaying the uniformity of the admiration for mao somewhat . 
  praise super allah . 
  it 's staggering how incredibly poor the putin regime is at diplomacy . 
  this is bush administration level ultranationalism . 
  we did , sorry . 
  the inky-black tendrils of the dail reach far and deep . 
  dude , what better place for an impromptu hasselhoff karaoke jam than the * beach ? 
  everything i 've ever been told is a goddamned lie . 
  germany after hitler , the soviet union was there to help germany out too . 
  you were silent about mao and hitler though . 
  you might get hit by an asteroid today . 
  they will regardless , though . 
  because that would make moscow a partner instead of an overlord , and that 's not the message they are being funded to promulgate ? 
  `` parts of france have a castle-density to rival wales '' - that might be one of the strangest choices of taglines i 've ever seen . 
  exactly . 
  the tournament has long since become an absurd farce and financial black hole for almost every country who invests in it , leaving them saddled with enormous , empty stadiums that they 'll struggle to use or just outright tear-down , while a few fifa higher-ups fill up their back accounts . 
  there 's been a stain on the world cup for a long time . 
  i 'd council caution - while the us would look a bit silly if the outcome of this investigation is anything less than a cancellation of at * least * one world cup award , that measure is still unprecedented in the modern era and would have massive reprecussions for re-hosting it and , at least in russia , for the large ( ? ), 
  fan base for football . 
  that said , i still think removing both hosts from the wcs is the right move . 
  or the *** hms did you just spill my pint ? 
  no joke , danmark ai n't fucking around . 
  can i just say i think this is cool ? 
  i love seeing cooperative stuff like this - a bunch of european militaries working together peacefully for self protection , and with help from our allies ( cheers america , canada and turkey ! ) . 
  i just think this is really rad . 
  like , * [ quorn ? 
  can somebody break down this video ? 
  i 'm stuck in the office and ca n't watch it . 
  transnistria is small and isolated , i 'm not terribly sure what they could do considering ukraine ( and presumably romania ) would block any attempts to reinforce them . 
  agreed , it 's a very practical political move . 
  positive diplomatic reinforcement can go a long , long way . 
  it 's interesting insomuch that this is definitively a decision made by a non-pro-russian ukraine . 
  if it 's indicative of how ukraine is going to define itself politically going forward , i.e. 
  increased ties and integration with it 's eastern and central european neighbours like romania and poland respectively , well , that 'll be a very interesting path to watch unfold . 
  while we all call it holland too , or more accurately * `` lads , budget flights to amsterdam ? 
  '' * , the netherlands has a pretty cool name in gaelic : *** an \u00cdsilt\u00edr . 
   that seems like a loaded title . 
  it totally is , but in their defense it is * possible * to infer one from the other . 
  just not particularly wise . 
  so about alsace, 
  pretty metal , dog . 
  i mean i do n't know what else to tell you dude . 
  you 're arguing patriotism and burying your head in the sand like you do everytime you slink out of / r/russia , so there 's not really a lot of point in talking to you . 
  so i wo n't !, 
  i just had a warming feeling in my stomach when i remembered this woman is dead . 
  how do you say * for the emperor !!, 
  * in german ? 
   you never wrote something intelligent each time we had a debate ironic statement is ironic . 
   did you read my comment ? 
  your power is boycotting thats it and that end here nothing else  and that 's more than enough to take the cup away from a little footballing minnow like russia . 
  if you guys were better at the game or had a better economy then people would be more interested in investing in the world cup when it 's hosted there , but that 's a problem for your tzar to take care of   conacaf has only two western countries wich are u.s and canada ( completely worthless ) good luck getting the approval of the caribeean and the central american states . 
   you might want to confuse with conmebol you are absolutely right !, 
  when i said `` western '' i should have said uefa ( the best , biggest and richest teams in the world ) , concacaf ( the richest and most powerful nation in the world , as well as the rest of north and central america ) * and * conmebol ( two of the best teams in the world ) . 
  thanks for reminding me !, 
  yes , all three of these western organizations . 
  the sponsors care about what uefa and concacaf want because - let 's face it - we 're richer than you and they 've already started pulling out of qatar , and heck , qatar are n't even invading their neighbours like russia is . 
  conmebol will follow the richer organizations and the sponsors - oh , unless you think the mighty and powerful brics can prevent that !, 
   considering that 100 % of those nations have not put sanctions on russia and that they all have a huge good relation with russia its a safe bet that they wont follow you again  sorry like they did previously it just goes to show how poor russia is at diplomacy that you think `` not putting sanctions on russia '' is `` huge good relations . '', 
  it 's very cute  we 're the big money leagues . 
  nobody cares about little old russia and it 's ... what , 3 , 4 football teams ? 
  i 'm sure you guys are very proud of them . 
  i mean , nobody else has heard of them and you 're so bad at promoting your leagues because of the lack of talent and endemic corruption , but that 's cool , nobody would watch it anyway  so in short - uefa , concacaf and conmebol are football . 
  nobody will watch a world cup with friendless , warmongering , corrupt russia playing syria and north korea in an empty stadium in omsk . 
  but still , enjoy it !, 
  you guys really know how to run things successfully over there !, 
   i just think that based on your criteria it is going to be hard to find a suitable host country that does not have a significant amount of blood on its hands . 
  even the most cynical or apologetic person has to draw the line at endemic corruption and bribery and unilateral aggression against a peaceful neighbour from an - * at best * - third-tier football country .
