  to observe the referendum , which osce refused . 
  but they send military observers to gather intelligence on the military ? 
  of course they turned those away . 
  [ they did n't refuse it for no reason , fella , includng the invading army 's inability to guarantee their safety ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_referendum,_2014#osce_and_un_absence ) . 
  the osce are an independant body . 
  you ca n't accuse them of `` gathering intelligence on the military '' for use by some nebulous opposing force just because yours is the military under the spotlight this time . 
   `` if you stay with me , i 'll give you cheaper prices than usual . '', 
  is a threat according to you ? 
  that is so wrong i have no way of addressing it . 
  do n't be pathetic , if you are so dense as not to be able to recognize energy politicking and outright threats as coercion i 'm done talking with you , because then you 're just lying to yourself as well as me . 
   according to that , any trade deal is coercion according to you , including the ukraine-eu association agreement . 
  no , the eu does not supply ukraine with energy and did not repeatedly threaten to and then act on shutting it off . 
  this is aside from literally buying yanukovych to right pro-russian policy . 
  this is n't up for debate . 
  i feel dirty just deigning to respond to this nonsense . 
  from * what ? 
  * thanos of fucking titan ? 
  you 're making me weirdly hyped for a work of public engineering . 
  you 'd still throw it into her if there was nothing on the telly . 
  i actually looked this up and dang , it looks like you guys are in a pickle :  the route is mostly ordinary road , but there are plans to convert it into a motorway or expressway , in poland called s8 and s61 . 
  the via baltica attracted great controversy in 2007 , as its planned new express road was to take it through several areas in poland of great natural value . 
  most controversial was the august\u00f3w bypass , which would take the route through the wetlands of the rospuda valley , the last area of its kind remaining in europe , [ citation needed ] and an area protected by eu law as part of the european natura 2000 network . 
  in july 2007 polish prime minister jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski halted work on the bypass after the european commission applied for an immediate injunction . 
  [ 2 ] the polish environment minister jan szyszko had agreed to the route , despite receiving on 2007-02-28 a warning from the european commission that poland would be fined for going ahead with the route . 
  campaigners have proposed an alternative , cheaper route . 
  `` people other than me getting money is obviously evidence of shady deals being done where i ca n't see them . '', 
   what history had shown is that the time we had ridiculously little military spending also was the most propserous timespan , and the longest time we have had peace in written history within our borders . 
  i do n't begrudge you that , but my point still stands . 
   the problem with that idea is that german interests are not british interests are not french interests ( and , for that matter , are not cypriot interests ) , and heightened military cohesion would eventually lead to troops fighting wars for other eu countries against their people 's best interests . 
  this is why it 's important to compromise if we are going to continue with the eu . 
  it 's important that we have a military capable of protecting our interests , but one that is used with appreciable nous . 
  getting there is a tricky path , asbolutely , but it * is * necessary to get there if the eu is going to continue . 
  obviously military growth should go hand-in-hand with evolve diplomatic measures between member-states ( and abroad ) and evolving policy initiatives . 
   now , how you are going to explain to a population that their sons return in body bags because for some reason someone in brussles dislikes a people 's right to self-determination in one case , but not another one ... you will have to make some kind of propaganda narrative , give them a bogeyman ... 
  i know , it 's a harsh reality . 
  why should a son of scotland die because an english prime minister tells him to go to war ? 
  we should a free man from wexford die because the ard ri has said so ? 
  see , here 's my belief , and i think it 's one of the eu 's strengths ; an increasingly educated and contented citizenry will be more understanding of the needs of the supranational body and more willing to enter into the defence of the different parts of it for reasons beyond nationalistic jingoism . 
  as one of the most prosperous and educated parts of the world i think most europeans understand and will continue to understand the need for unity and protection of all member-states because it 's a hallmark of an open enlightened , successful people . 
  that 's the long-term goal , anyway . 
   go ask the greeks :p . yes , well ... * ahem *  you are aware that germany , in fact , is considered a `` screwdriver-nation '' ? 
  i had n't actually heard that specific term before but yes , i think we 're all aware of germany 's fearsome technological and military potential . 
  that 's why the idea of the big 3 nations is so central to the eu 's continued function in my mind ; while you can frustrate each other with your policy differences , you also act as an important and frankly reassuring check on each other , for the benefit of the citizens of all the eu . 
  they 're small and politically , economically and militarily toothless . 
  while the netherlands are hardly on the level of germany or the uk the same just ca n't be said of them . 
  i 'm confused , what does that have to do with this ? 
  overly simplistic analogies are fine for the classroom but not for the real world . 
  a critical part of a modern nation is a well-trained , equipped and effective military to protect itself and it 's interests . 
  the matter of fact is that history shows and logic dictates that if you are not willing or not able to protect those interests then they will be lost to someone who is . 
  the obvious example today is russia . 
  it 's in the eu 's long-term interests to open up ties with ukraine ; it 's a large nation of over 40 million with a large manufacturing industry in the east and a lot of room for economic growth and investment , and on top of this it 's got historical ties to europe , is christian and is making overtures towards us . 
  aiding ukraine and allowing it to apply for the process of incorporation into the eu would show the world that we are unified in our goals and willing to protect our interests , and in particular show a beligerent , economically unstable and politcally jingoistic russia run on nationalistic rhetoric that it can not bully it 's neighbours simply because it believes them to be in it 's sphere of influence . 
  now obviously i 've made a leap from talking about germany to talking about the eu , and i want to acknowledge both that they are not the same and that it is not and should not be germany 's burden to police the eu 's interests . 
  that being said , a heightened sense of military cohesion between the eu , led by the big 3 that drive it only help europe 's aims in the long run . 
  the problem with europe 's military software/hardware versus a system like aegis is well-known and owing to a lack of cohesion and a uniform military policy , and this is something the evolving eu should seek to address . 
  and i know german 's have a particular hang-up over their military , which honestly surprises me with how universal your sentiment is over the issue . 
  i ca n't think of another nation in history so cautious about it 's future power-projection because of it 's actions in the past and that 's an admirable trait . 
  that being said , i doubt that many still fear that merkel will lead a nuclear-powered fourth reich out from the dark heart of europe . 
  what power projection does tuvalu have ? 
  that 's the quickest strawman i 've ever seen built . 
  like , just active protest or more serious things like unions and such ? 
  it 's really quite depressing . 
  spending some time in / r/russia , everyone seems to eat this shit up . 
  it 's the most-fabricated us-versus-them mentality i 've ever seen . 
  that 's a shame . 
  anyone clued up on this sort of thing want to give us the cliff notes on how staying there would affect google and facebook ? 
   http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/nato-s-eastward-expansion-did-the-west-break-its-promise-to-moscow-a-663315.html in that very article :  however , the numerous agreements and treaties of the day contained not a single word about nato expansion in eastern europe . 
   maybe you should n't from a moral standpoint , but russian interests were threatened by west not honoring their assurances and trying to turn ukraine from a buffer state into a country under its influence , and they acted upon it . 
  no , you can not invade a country because they seek to join a club you can not be a part of . 
  if that is seriously your best validation for it then no wonder russia is so ostracized . 
  ukraine is entitled to seek a future with anyone it wants . 
  the eu offers a better economic future in the long run than russia , whose sole ability to coerce governments to remain `` under it 's influence '' seems to be armed invasion . 
  nevermind the false equivalncy of russia , a former world power dependant upon energy exports , and `` the west '' , an agglomoration of dozens and dozens of sovereign nations with their own interests . 
  russia is consistently the one playing the us-versus-them politicking game . 
  the eu 's crime in this is being to accomodating . 
  the idea that we 'd stall the agreement with ukraine for over a year so the vor can attempt to further destabilize it is abhorrent to me . 
  we gain nothing from it and look weak . 
  yeah , i 've worked with a lot of finns , swedes and danes before actually and they 've all used the term in the negative sense because the term is strictly designed to describe the debilitating effects upon a neighbour by a beligerent foreign power imposing cultural and policy reform . 
   belarus is getting the cheapest gas prices from all the countries russia is supplying . 
  if the prices are increasing , it might just be for non-political reasons . 
  is gazprom supposed to supply ukraine with free gas ? 
  [ russia is in fact and has been for years providing ukraine with cheap gas . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gazprom#sales ) hence , economic coercion . 
  [ then , it threatens to amend the price or cut-off the supply . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gazprom#price_disputes ) hence , * further * economic coercion . 
   emphasis on stated . 
  we 'll take * your * word on it then , over the elected representative heads of sovereign nations . 
   you 're now completely ignoring the spiegel article . 
  what , you mean the one that flat-out says :  however , the numerous agreements and treaties of the day contained not a single word about nato expansion in eastern europe . 
  that article ? 
   the article obviously states that russians turned away military observers , not referendum observers , which were n't dispatched at all . 
  the statement is pretty clear :  uninvited osce military observers attempted to enter the region four times but were turned away , sometimes after warning shots were fired , [ 95 ] [ 96 ] which was another reason given for not dispatching referendum observers . 
  so all observers were welcome , except those who actually intended to appear . 
   which of these can be classified as economic coercion : 1 . i 'll give you cheaper prices if you stay with me . 
  ( russia ) 2 . i 'll impose sanctions if you do n't do what i tell you . 
  ( eu ) both ? 
  you do realize this , do n't you ? 
  and considering russia has been doing one for decades and bases their foreign policy around that i 'd say you do n't have a leg to stand on . 
   agreed . 
  which is why the west should n't have given assurances to russia which it could n't keep .
