  if you are protestant/unionist ( i.e. 
  `` closer ties '' with westminster ) you vote for the dup ( or * very * rarely the uup ) . 
  the split is almost entirely sectarian ; other platforms are couched or put on the back-burner . 
  there is no other economic or sociological element at play . 
  it 's the port-town where the russians will be trained on the mistrals . 
  i have no idea why they call it an intervention . 
  * `` conservative governments remain dissappointed the poors have yet to pull themselves up by their bootstraps . 
  piracy ? 
  what 's that ? 
  * he said , ass-coveringly . 
  i 'm surprised germany rates so high on the fun index , and portugal so low . 
  as a side note , all 5 of our coasters are terrible . 
  there 's no fun to be had at a place with a name like mosney . 
  do you think i 'm attacking your arguement ? 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm adding my own two-cents on top of it . 
  you 've gotten very aggressive and personal for no reason . 
  my point with bringing up the ship is that it 's not an instant game-changer for the russian navy , it would be a different matter if france had sold them an aircraft carrier with the ability to extend their sphere of influence considerably . 
  a few points 1 . 
  witholding a sale after it 's been paid for is an enormous breach of trust and after the current climate on russia cooled people will still remember that france broke their word on a billion dollar sale . 
  russia will still be there in 10 years and countries will still want to do business with them . 
  from what more knowledgeable redditors have told me it 's an amphibious assault ship , not a power projector . 
  that 's putting an extremely large amount of trust in the city . 
  hear-fucking-hear . 
  good , i 'm glad at least one of the big three is standing beside the dutch . 
  although it is telling that putin was ignoring his calls ; if cameron had better relations with france and germany , i 'm sure he 'd be taken more seriously . 
  so in the long run , with the advent of rising powers like china , india , brazil and assuming putin has n't collapsed their economy , russia joining the us as superpowers , shifting the direction of power in the world away from the smaller european nations , england 's plan to retain it 's power , interests and frankly relevance is ... what ? 
  an ultra-reliance on the city and assuming no other financial centers will overtake it ? 
  as opposed to giving some power to fellow members of europe ? 
  as a citizen growing up in northern ireland , i find this terror of letting a larger body have a say in how you are run extremely hypocritical . 
  `` why ? '', 
  - everyone . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  are you seriously kidding me with this horseshit ? 
  this old wives tale ? 
  the fucking ira ?!, 
  a few german agents in a goddamn * paramilitary organization * that amounted to nothing and you accuse the nation of * collaborating with the nazis ?!, 
  * i 've asked mods to ban you and i encourage anyone pissed off by this moron 's actions to do the same . 
  you 've already got banned from / r/worldnews and / r/russia for this shit . 
  let 's make it three for three you disgusting creep . 
  yes . 
  moving on . 
  agreed , she is in danger of being seen to be overly soft or even an enabler towards russia which is not the stance the eu should be taking on this . 
  70 years ago after several years of a total war economy , not in 2014 after a few months of an insurrection your side has instigated with the assurances of a powerful state behind you . 
  there are rules of war to deal with situations like this . 
  i 'd like to believe most western countries would respect them . 
  i 'm still waiting for you to defend your lies about ireland hosting nazi 's in world war 2 : today , forty per cent of russia wants real war with ukraine . 
  - gleb pavlovsky by vigorousin europe [ -- ] vigorous [ s ] -15 points 1 day ago * ireland stayed out of the war . 
  i think you can spare us the hillary clinton-speak analogies or at least give them to somebody else to post . 
  did n't ireland host nazis on its territory ? 
  trying to make up for that now with a little weak putin demonization ? 
  lol permalinksavecontextfull comments ( 9 ) reportgive gold cough it up , shitheel . 
  i 'm sorry , but in most countries this would n't happen . 
  in the other half of ukraine this would n't happen . 
  this is a bunch of thugs running around with guns with a promise of a get-out-of-jail-free card in their back pocket . 
  jesus christ , it is ? 
  it 's the most well-known example of a propaganda mouthpiece i can think of . 
  the only reason i assumed it functioned was because russians watched it at home . 
  no , defend your nonsense point about ireland hosting nazis . 
  i want to hear you defend your bigoted jingoistic propaganda for once . 
  and you brought his nationality into it you tabloid-journalist-level guttersnipe , i 've already reported you for it . 
  i 'm surprised you can type so well , bent over backwards like that . 
  no , you would n't . 
  you 'd come to the same conclusion that everyone else has : it was the russian-trained and russian-supplied separatists . 
  i 'm done talking to you . 
  i 've also lodged a complaint about your behaviour and reccomend anyone who has issue with your poor conduct in this thread do the same . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2b1hrk/russia_today_london_correspondent_resigns_in/ the noose is tightening , shill . 
   i have n't claimed that any eu states could n't put in place their own human rights regime . 
  my point is that the uk can , not that others ca n't . 
   i 've not said that the uk 's tradition of human rights is the reason it should leave the echr . 
  i 've used it as a reason why the uk does not need to be in the echr . 
  then these are just your own half-argued opinions and you should n't be surprised when people dismiss them . 
   read guideline 2 of the r/europe rules and guidelines . 
  downvoting is not for posts you disagree with . 
  this is very clear . 
  please stop downvoting posts you disagree with . 
  thanks in advance . 
  you seem to be intentionally and constantly misrepresenting this guideline . 
  people are allowed to disagree with and dismiss your posts through downvoting . 
  that 's not up for debate . 
  that 's not the intention of the rule , to protect you from criticism whenever you moan . 
  they can find fault with your arguement for any number of reasons that do n't involve disliking you personally . 
  you are simply going to have to put on your big boy pants and deal with that . 
  no , they did n't . 
   there is not a continuum between the laws of greece today and the laws of the greek city states . 
  besides , i am not arguing that a long tradition in human rights is a reason why a country should draft rights legislation for other countries . 
  i am simply saying that it is one of the reasons why the uk can put in place legislation for itself . 
  then that 's not a strong arguement as most eu states could make it and thus the downvotes are justified . 
  my interpretation of course . 
   this is a strawman , i 've not said exceptional : i wrote `` proud tradition of liberties . 
  given that you yourself has said that the uk has an admirable history of rights , which is substantially equivalent , i find it very odd that you would argue with me on this point . 
  there is a difference between commending a country for a respectable human rights record and trying to inflate that record as a reason for withdrawal from a progressive hr organ in which we are uncomfortable with not holding all the reins . 
   as mentioned before , it is against community guidelines to downvote unpopular opinions . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` dismissible '' here . 
  it sounds like something you do n't like . 
  the fact that others also downvoted me too , shows what am echo chamber this place is . 
  i know what `` primacy '' means . 
   as mentioned , please check community guidelines . 
  the purpose of the downvote button is not for you to criticise opinions you disagree with . 
  you are misunderstanding the rules .
