  i just want to deal with the point of a member-state `` stepping up '' to counterbalance german influence if the uk leaves . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  there 's an enormous gulf between the uk , france and germany as far as economy , military spending and sphere of influence goes and the next nation-states down the ladder . 
  italy or spain literally do not have the power to defy german interests as effectively as the uk or france do . 
  they should abide by the ruling of course . 
  on a related note , this article and source are partisan horseshit . 
  c'mon man , the hell did belgium ever do to you ? 
  jesus christ did you ever get lit the fuck up . 
  the other dude blatantly knows more about this than you think you do . 
  just quietly stop your typing dude , your hole is only getting deeper and deeper . 
  ah , so the hot topic / u/vigorous ' bosses at the kremlin handed down to him today was `` isolate russia policy . '', 
  at least it 's a change from showing he does n't understand how politics work and calling hilary clinton a neocon nazi . 
  i mean , * right * ? 
  are you kidding me, 
  `` well he was on an episode of the simpsons . '', 
  you say that now but just wait until the reds are marching their kremlinwagons through paris and then all the pinkos in europe will come crying for our * ohgodicantevenfinish *, 
  you did n't present facts . 
  you said names and assumed everyone held the same opinion as you and therefore would follow your opinion on a different topic too . 
  you also claimed you worked in the gas pipeline industry whenever you tried to argue from authority on that point , too : http://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/27gxxu/putin_is_now_doing_oil_deals_with_iraq_shows_how/ci0v8tj?context=3, 
  i was gon na be clever and say `` anything but * finnegans wake * '' but * ulysses * is really the only answer . 
  it 's the most wonderfully re-readable book i 've ever read . 
  not dismissing anyone else 's reccomendations of course , angela 's ashes is a work of art too , but too depressing for me . 
  i 'm at work , what is this ? 
  and now you 've sent me off on a wiki binge to find out what powers these various dudes have . 
  those people are either dead , imprisoned , exiled or in the case of kasparov , not in politics . 
  i was kind of hoping you were going to tell me of the `` many '' that were still alive . 
  i 'm assuming good faith . 
  list 'em , particularly the ones in prominent political roles . 
  50,000 is an enormous number for a civil protest . 
  you 've literally never seen anyone presented as an alternative to putin because that narrative is n't allowed to circulate in russian media , and who else is going to be regularly bringing it up ? 
  he brought his dog to meetings with angela merkel because he knew she was terrified of them . 
  there 's not an inch of him that is n't a cunt . 
  ... anyone ? 
  you 're buying into the illusion all dictators permeate their country with : only i could rule . 
  what a cartoon putin has asked his government to become . 
  goddamn tablet . 
  it displayed enormous coordination and communication problems and an over-reliance on aged , soviet-era machinery . 
  i mean this was a massive * thing * that people quickly forget because * burhur , * tanks . 
  yep . 
  this is some gonzo shit . 
  boom , got it in one . 
  also determines whether you can get far in politics or not . 
  eh , i 'll get round to it later . 
  which they 'll never use . 
  and incredibly outdated and shown up as having endless problems in * georgia * of all places ? 
  i 'd call anything that connects in a very deliberate manner putin to the concept of a warmonger and in particular the war in ukraine as criticism . 
  i 'm not sure how blurry the line between that and propaganda gets , but it does n't have to be one or the other . 
  i just believe it leans heavily to one as opposed to the other . 
   i 'm sorry , but this just comes across as cheap anti-russian propaganda . 
  this is a very weak refrain that people should be embarrassed about resorting to . 
  it 's depicting a dictatorial president who is currently engaged in unilateral invasions of two neighbouring countries . 
  he is absolutely fair game for criticism . 
  i swear , the yanks did n't complain this much after people gave them shit for iraq . 
  so what 's the point of this and why are n't we restructuring the debt * so that this will work ? 
  did that whole debt-restructuring thing get sorted out yet ? 
  i think the analogy got away from you somewhere . 
  furthermore , it would force people to deal with the state of the middle east which , frankly , is n't tenable , and has n't been since the allies partitioned it after world war 2 . 
  iraq as a state does n't and has never made sense . 
  the borders need to be redrawn , or they 'll just keep on trying to redraw themselves . 
  you 're constantly moaning about the us ' contribution to nato every time you appear , so lets be very , very clear about this . 
  nato is a us force-projection implement . 
  it contributes * massively * to america 's superpower status and is infinitely more valuable to washington than literally * any * amount of invested dollars or dead americans it demands . 
  with it , you 've got your soldiers in virtually every corner of the earth and have the assistance of the major developed nations on earth and , [ last time i checked , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supreme_headquarters_allied_powers_europe#supreme_allied_commander_europe_.28saceur.29 ) saceur has never been a non-american general . 
  so yes , you will , each and every time , contribute most of the manpower , resources and casualties to your nations force projection umbrella , and you will stop fucking moaning about it like a petulant child in every thread you appear in . 
  thoughts and wishes with the people injured and their families . 
  everything about this sounds just horrible . 
  that 's such a bafflingly arrogant stance to take i 'm amazed he had the balls to say it . 
  this is the least surprising graph i 've ever seen . 
  i assumed bayern was just `` that thing that announcers said before bayern munich played . '', 
   bad prejudice  oktoberfest , dirndl , lederhosn , alcoholics i do n't understand . 
  let me break it down for you as a northern irishman : since the 2008 recession norn iron was hit particularly hard and a lot of people lost their jobs . 
  after a while of realizing this state of affairs was n't going away anytime soon , some bored and angry cuntbags started causing trouble under the banner that they were representing nationalism . 
  these wankshafts are n't part of any organ that is or was formerly related to the ira or it 's splinters . 
  they 're just unemployed shitbirds who are n't happy with their lives and think their community will band behind their attempted murder of innocents , which of course nobody does . 
  hence the universal condemnation that big ger echoes :  sinn fein leader , gerry adams td , said that those behind the attacks `` are enemies of peace , political progress and irish unity . '', 
  do n't say this in / r/russia if you value your sanity . 
  if you 've ever wondered what an ultranationalist fascist enclave would look like online , there it is . 
  let me extrapolate form your statement : will greece make enough money when they put up reforms ? 
  really though , yes . 
  in northern ireland the nationalist community only got equal representation after decades of bloody troubles . 
  this fostered international interest , broke the unionist stranglehold on governance , and brought westminster and even washington to the bargaining table to make sure a deal was made . 
  yes , the process was predicated on an end to the violence , but people had to show they were willing to kill and die in order to change the status quo . 
  that 's a universal sentiment . 
  it 's not a popular thought that violence is necessary for national-level change but , sorry , it is . 
  they say a lot about the french . 
  i mean , to me it 's the sound nightcrawler makes . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
   eritrean translators are deliberately mistranslating the testimonies of refugees during their hearings , according to dissidents ' groups in germany . 
  some are even intimidating them into hiding human rights abuses . 
   `` he asked us , ` wait , where 's the part where i was tortured in prison ? ', 
  and we said , ` that 's not in here . ', 
  he was completely horrified , '' rut bahta , co-founder of the frankfurt-based eritrean dissident network united4eritrea , said she has a few stories along these lines . 
   her group , which provides support for new arrivals from eritrea , often has to retranslate into tigrinya the transcripts of their asylum hearings , which the authorities only provide in german . 
  it 's at this point , bahta said , many find out that the state-assigned translators had mistranslated or omitted major details . 
   `` he could n't believe it at first - we had to get a third person to translate , '' bahta told dw . 
  `` he 'd been through countries like sudan and libya , where no one ever asked him what happened to him . 
  this was his first time in europe , and he thought everything would be done properly now . 
  he was utterly shocked - disappointed in the institution . '', 
   bahta thinks there is only one explanation for what she sees as deliberate misdirection . 
  she and many eritreans in germany are convinced that some of the translators assigned to asylum seekers in germany are either loyal to eritrea 's repressive regime or even on its payroll .
