  it 's their country . 
  it 's why nato does n't invade russia even though it 's stripping away the rights of it 's citizens in the name of nationalist protection policies . 
   impartial observers who operate from the west . 
  for goodness sake the findings of the osce are literally open to everyone everywhere . 
  it was * created * as a forum for international impartiality and communication during the cold war . 
  russia has availed of the services several times . 
  but now you are discrediting a renowned , impartial organization because it suits your political aims . 
   ukraine gets cheaper prices for siding with russia . 
  both sides benefit . 
  why should russia keep giving cheaper prices to ukraine if they turn their back to them ? 
  eu and ukraine can benefit , while russia has no benefit and is even at a loss for providing cheaper prices than profitable ? 
  that 's in no way economic coercion . 
  that 's called a mutually beneficial deal . 
  it is . 
  it 's incredibly , absurdly , * offensively * disengenuous to believe otherwise and i wo n't entertain your nonsensical idea that it is n't anymore . 
  it 's beyond stupid . 
  it 's done . 
   how exactly did they buy him off he was literally paid and gifted by moscow to pass policies and press for legislation that favoured moscow 's needs . 
   how exactly did they buy him off ? 
  besides , if ukrainians wanted to oust yanukovych they could have done it themselves ** they did . 
  **  without the support of the west and western threats to impose sanctions if internal politics are n't changed what sanctions ?!, 
  i 'm literally citing examples of how your assertions are wrong and you are ignoring them and reiterating the same nonsense as if we were n't having a discussion . 
  i 'm not going to sit here and talk to a wall all day . 
  yet another reason to hate sepp `` fuck you , yes * you * '' blatter . 
  you think that the army that was exposed as extremely outdated when fighting * georgia * can hold back the ultra-modern , highly-trained and highly-equipped forces of the uk , france and germany ? 
  nevermind the other states and an endless guerilla opposition from the occupied baltics ? 
  nevermind that russia lacks air superiority ? 
  nevermind that america would get involved anyway ? 
  i mean what is this opinion ? 
  the real world does n't work like a game of civ . 
   russia 's child-protection ombudsman has linked moscow 's decision to suspend participation in the future leaders exchange program ( flex ) to a gay american couple that established guardianship over a russian high-school student who was in the united states for the program . 
   pavel astakhov said on twitter on october 1 that washington had violated its obligation to return russian students to their country when `` a russian teen stayed behind in the united states . '', 
   he also told russia 's tass state news agency that `` a u.s. homosexual couple '' had illegally established `` guardianship '' over a boy whose mother is in russia . 
   but the u.s. administrator of the program said the events described by astakhov occurred after the child had completed the exchange program and that the student 's host family in flex was not a same-sex couple , as russian officials have implied . 
   russian president vladimir putin signed a law banning the adoption of russian children by u.s. families in 2012 , as tension with washington mounted in his third term . 
  this is the kind of petty shit that only hurts the russian people . 
  knock it off with this stupid shit . 
   and the west broke the memo first by supporting the protesters , threatening sanctions to yanukovych and dealing with ( according to ukrainian constitution ) illegal interim govt of ukraine . 
  i 've shown you how you are wrong and cited sources on it . 
  russia has tried to manipulate ukraine through energy politics , displays of force and outright purchase of ukranian polticians since the failure of the ussr . 
  that is literally it . 
  you are making poor excuses for a needless invasion of your neighbour , and those excuses still do n't in anyway make sense in reality . 
   second , the west should n't have given assurances it could n't keep -- such as nato non-expansion . 
  it did n't . 
   you claimed that russians turned away osce , which is a blatant lie it did . 
   if only osce did n't refuse to monitor the referendum , we would have known whether it really was a sham or not . 
  if you , * defending the invasion * , have to say this , what does that say about the referendum ? 
  ** if the ukranian people really wanted to join russia , why could n't the referendum wait ? 
  why did n't the referendum offer an option to maintain the status quo ? 
  **  i see no mention of `` inability to guarantee their safety '' mentioned in the article . 
   uninvited osce military observers attempted to enter the region four times but were turned away , ** sometimes after warning shots were fired , [ 95 ] [ 96 ] which was another reason given for not dispatching referendum observers ** they were literally shooting at impartial observers . 
  that 's like a big red sign saying `` we 're probably the bad guys , here . '', 
   let 's say the were n't gathering intelligence . 
  they 're impartial observers . 
  * who would they be gathering it for ?? 
  *  explain to me how giving someone cheaper prices is coercion . 
  okay , if you are really admitting you lack the brainpower to work this one out , i 'll explain it like i would to a highschool politics student . 
  you are offering them discounts to keep ensure they do as you wish . 
  when they pass pro-eu legislation , or make policy movements that you do n't agree with , you threaten to increase the price , which you know they ca n't afford , threaten to shut it off , resulting in death , or actually shut it off , resulting in death . 
  i know you know this , and i know you are only saying you do n't because we are talking about russia doing it . 
  if we were talking about the us playing energy politics , i 'm sure i 'd find you an expert . 
  duplicity like this is why russian posters are losing face on these forums . 
   how dare russia practice u.s. style lobbying ? 
  okay so i 'm irish and we have n't bought any presidents off like complete fucking scumbags . 
  now defend buying off another president to pass legislation against his people 's wishes without mentioning the fucking us . 
  i do n't give a single shit about the us . 
  defend your point or concede you ca n't . 
   where the russia ( ussr ) border has been pushed back and where russias border needs to be in order to have any chance at being a super power is pretty much west of the baltics because otherwise it wo n't be able to defend itself if russia finally decides to go fishing and start a war with nato . 
  this is the nonsense that really gets to me . 
  europe is one of the most peaceful and stable areas on the planet . 
  the only reason to think you need to invade peaceful neighbours is because you are mentally and ecnonomically weak . 
  aside from the fact that nato far outclasses russia militarily even if moscow marchest troops right back up to warsaw . 
  the only way an * actual * war ends is n't with the baltics somehow securing the russian homeland , it 's with an outright nato victory or mutual nuclear devastation . 
  there 's no throne here . 
   ussr would n't have been dissolved if moscow was n't given assurances that nato wo n't expand to russian borders . 
  the ussr was moribund and you are deluding yourself if you believe it could have survived . 
   that deal was broken by the west , which means its void there was no deal . 
  you can keep saying there was , that wo n't make it so . 
  i 'm not sure what you gain by claiming this non-existant deal is void . 
  ukraine is not a province of russia that moscow can decide to take back because it feels slighted . 
  i feel like this is all any russian ever really argues . 
   which in turn means russia can seek to regain its influence over ukraine . 
  ukraine was and is a sovereign nation and it 's bordering on untermenschian nazism to assume their opinions do n't matter and your imperialist designs hold primacy over their sovereign rights . 
  speaking as an irishman who grew up in northern ireland , it 's pretty horrendous to suggest they do . 
   the west should n't have given promises it could n't keep and it should n't have meddled in internal politics of ukraine , which is exactly what prompted russia to react the way it did . 
  in what way did the eu , which was n't involved in the ukranian crisis until russia invaded , `` meddle in it 's internal politics '' ? 
  it was n't the eu paying yanukovch off . 
  it was n't the eu invading crimea . 
  it 's not the eu backing a rebellion and talking about the creationg of `` novorossiya '' at the expense of the ukranian people . 
   russia is a sovereign nation . 
  why do n't you take their word for it ? 
  how about the rest of the world that sides with russia ? 
  [ next to nobody is siding with russia . 
  most are siding against them . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_general_assembly_resolution_68/39 )  just because something is not written down and legally binding does n't mean you 're not supposed to honor it . 
  i feel like i keep coming back to russia breaking the [ 1994 budapest memorandum on that point ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1994_budapest_memorandum ) , and again pointing to the fact that these countries are * asking to join nato as protection from russia . 
  *  there is a big difference between referendum observers and military observers . 
  no one in their right mind would invite foreign observers to examine their military during war time . 
  this distinction does absolutely nothing to help validate the sham referendum . 
   but referendum observers were invited by russians .
