   more than 100,000 migrants have crossed the mediterranean so far this year , most of them landing in italy , greece and malta who say their eu partners should share more of the burden . 
   `` if you do n't want to take the 40,000 you are not fit to be called europe , '' added renzi . 
   britain , hungary and other newer east european member states have balked at quotas due to growing opposition to increased migration at home . 
  i do n't think this is a terribly unreasonable stance . 
  i 'd like to know what the hold-up is ; i feel like italy , spain and greece are unfairly burdened by this issue and i 'd like to know what the reason for rejecting the sum of 40,000 is . 
  it 's not a terribly large amount to bear . 
  that said , i 've been an advocate of taking a harder stance on illegal immigrants , and i 'd like to know why there are so many eritreans in particular coming over . 
  i know that country is one of umpteen african dictatorships , but what 's going on there right now ? 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable to understand that countries at the frontline of the immigration question are more sensitive to these issues than those that are more removed . 
   so , say you 're a medical crew when you have a dying patient who is partly to blame you just leave him to die in the streets because #no #responsability ? 
  why would a medical crew leave a person to die because of a hashtag . 
   there 's that little problem that most of it is out of their hands and in troika hands right now , since the troika has all the money . 
  i 'm sure they 'd love to move forward but until there 's an agreement , the other options are all just even worse . 
  what exactly are they waiting on ? 
   default , exit the euro , crash europe 's economy . 
  the arrogance here is that the troika has repeatedly rejected perfectly good and workable deals that meet all their demands . 
  what , why ? 
  why are you trying to conflate the democratic process with a fucking bank . 
  it 's a bank . 
  no matter how impassioned your soapbox rant is the bank cares about cash and we all rely on it to care about cash . 
  that 's the point of the bank . 
  yeah i kind of expected this to be you guys too . 
   that was n't the current government . 
  this is n't the schoolyard , the state takes responsibility for the actions of the state . 
  end of discussion . 
  if you do n't , people know not just not to trust you , but to be distrustful of the entire line of your nation 's governance . 
   the problem is that the troika is very obviously not willing to cooperate , as they rejected offers despite them meeting demands . 
  the troika has lent greece money which greece has failed to pay back on time . 
  they renegotiated and greece failed to meet those repayments too . 
  the onus is on greece . 
  this is n't a problem of * someone else 's * making . 
   we ca n't look at what greece 's government used to do and use that against the current one . 
  what, 
   victim blamming , much ? 
  i fail to see how syriza is/was responsible for greece 's situation , sorry nobody is saying syriza is personally responsible . 
  what people are saying is that greece 's problems are of it 's own making - that means syriza 's predecessor 's in government have been complicity in contributing to the current state of affairs . 
  as the head of government syriza needs to take responsibility and set a course for setting things to rights . 
  the big job is n't all glamour and prestige , it 's also about taking your lumps and moving forward . 
   and if the country blows up in social unrest they wo n't have much of those , money , wo n't they ? 
  not to be callous , but several deals have already been cut and all we 're hearing is how athens ca n't meet even those . 
  these are greece 's problems , greece needs to find an answer . 
  a hindu ran over my puppy when i was 7 : i edit : oh god i feel bad that you did n't respond i was just kidding, 
  no , that 'd be sepp himself . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's purely anecdotal of course but we had a recent sikh celebration in downtown toronto where the city funded a day in their honour . 
  something like 80 % of the funding went to a soup kitchen they wanted to set up in yonge/dundas square . 
  dudes are awesome . 
  jesus , that 's horrible . 
  you do realize that 's a * bad * thing ? 
  the reason the uk 's unwritten constitution is the way it is is because it evolved over time into something akin to a constitution instead of arising from a major conflict or popular movement that necessitated it 's creation , so that there 's a lot more archaic law and policy in there than in other moderns states . 
  no branch of government should be able to operate unchecked , that 's why most states have a written constitution to limit their powers . 
  haha , you said it , / u/streicheleinheit !, 
  as / u/kdelta said , part of the point of a constitution is to put a check on the influence of each branch of government . 
  there are old , byzantine laws held over from previous ages everywhere . 
  there 's a law saying it 's legal to shoot a welshman within the walls of chester if it 's after midnight . 
  that does n't mean anyone does it or that it is even actually * legal * to do so . 
  it 's not indicative of anything other than people love creating far too many laws . 
  because you need her , britain . 
  your guilty conscience may move you to vote liberal , but deep down you long for a cold-hearted conservative to lower taxes , brutalize criminals , and *** rule you like a king . 
  *** that 's why she did this , to save you from yourselves . 
  now , if you 'll excuse me , i have a city to run . 
  i 'm downvoting myself in protest . 
  i 'm sure somali women have also been surprised by the difficulty they 're having in raping gigantic nordic men . 
  cheers , that 's a useful bunch of links for next time this comes up . 
  equating neo-nazism with irish republicanism is so absurd i can barely parse it in my mind , and i say that as an ulsterman . 
  where 'd the whole latvian-potato thing come about ? 
  i thought that was our thing . 
  he says , unsure if he feels offended or embarrassed with himself . 
  the narrative that moscow is pushing against ukraine for allowing neo-nazi battalions to defend their country from russian invasion while allowing the largest neo-nazi community in the world to grow within their own borders . 
   most of the world 's members of the ira are from ireland but what does that mean on it 's own ? 
  should us irish not be allowed to criticise other terrorist organisations because we have one of our own ? 
  ( again , i was n't even criticising what 's going on in ukraine , i was only saying that this sub would be torture if some of the pro-russians were neo-nazis . ), 
  the ira is an illegal paramilitary organization in both the uk and ireland . 
  the irish people and government do not `` have them . '', 
  the analogy does not hold water . 
  this entire conflict is so fucking difficult to keep abreast of and the media is absolutely not helping . 
  why would most small businesses be against the eu ? 
  what does that mean in this context ? 
  matt damon . 
  you are failing to carry this argument . 
  if you listen very carefully you can hear speaker 6 's mum washing potatoes in the kitchen sink . 
  he 's definitely got a very strong accent . 
   i 'm saying could you imagine if the pro-russians fighting in ukraine were using nazi symbolism like some of the ukrainian fighters have done ? 
  this sub would never hear the end of it . 
  if the invading army were neo-nazis instead of a battalion of the defenders ? 
  yeah , no shit that 'd be treated differently . 
   also is n't the russian government incredibly anti-nazi with similar laws , if not even stricter , to germany about banning the use of nazi symbolism and them taking huge pride in defeating them ? 
  so what are you even getting at when you say russia has more nazis ? 
  i 'm saying russia , and the ultranationalist putin regime in particular , [ has empirically the largest amount of neo-nazis on earth . 
  ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/nightline/story?id=3718255&amp;page=1#.ucdbiaa4sui ) this has been bandied around here a lot and yet kremlin-apologists still seek to push the narrative that in an ultranationalist dictatorship the scourge of nazism is somehow unknown . 
  you 're right , they 're probably not doing it to anyone else . 
  i politely disagree . 
  are we saying child exploitation now instead of `` paedo ring '' ? 
  taxi drivers protest by refusing to drive taxis . 
  everyone takes uber instead . 
  you are aware they have been publicly shown to be doing this , right ? 
  there 's no question of `` if '' they 're doing it , the question is `` how much '' are they doing . 
  it is . 
  in particular the city of london is . 
  that 's why cameron 's so back and forth on it .
