  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/queen_elizabeth-class_aircraft_carrier ), 
  god knows i think we 'd all feel better and take the diplomatic efforts more seriously if there were eu boots on the ground in there and we were n't just trusting the belligerents not to break their words . 
  do n't let the facts get in the way of the media selling page-clicks and papers . 
  i 'm pretty sure only france and the uk have the * really * big ships . 
  i think you 've misunderstood what we 're talking about here . 
  putin 's sat there looking at these results going * `` hey guys , i think something smells fishy here ... '' *, 
  a surprisingly positive development . 
  i imagine his arguement was that it was * ethnically * slovenian and he wanted it to be * ethnically * german . 
  maybe it 's a continental thing, 
  jesus christ , the jump between mortality rates for prisoners held by east europeans/russians and the japanese and east europeans/russians held by the germans , and everyone else is ** stark . 
  ** i often forget how brutally non-japanese were treated by japan . 
  that 's uh , that 's a noteworthy performance . 
  these have been great . 
  we should do a weekly * what the nazis thought of your pows * feature . 
  ... did this sound like a stronger platform for opposition to run in his head or something ? 
  seriously , this feels ludicrously misjudged . 
  that 's not true with an increasingly educate citizenry , though . 
  look at the failure of the kremlin 's attempts to deflect from its invasion of ukraine . 
  surely there 's no one better to judge the shape of potatoes and potatoe-shaped ladies . 
  yeah , that 's what i thought . 
  learn to do your homework next time you get into an arguement so you do n't look like such a child . 
  it was dissapointing to see a line of questioning start in good faith and end in this . 
  see you . 
  i feel like i 'm dealing with a petulant teenager who 's too proud to recognize he knows nothing about a topic he thought he prided himself in . 
  i 'll tell you what , i 'll grab a couple of articles about bartending and then address you as if you know nothing about your chosen profession for a couple of hours , before throwing a fit and linking gifs of monty python movies , allright ? 
  is that where belgium keeps all their atoms ? 
  ... what ? 
  look you 're clearly not familiar with the background to this situation , why this program was put into place or why it 's such a divisive topic between the two communities . 
  i appreciate you want to give your own opinion , but you 're talking with somebody who has grown up with and followed this topic for an extensive period of time . 
  you do n't strike me as someone who 's done more than a few minutes research into this . 
  i said 20 % in deference to the fact that when i said 30 % , you for some reason decided to correct me by saying  i think you mean 20 % ... 
  if you do n't know anything about the background in the country then do n't act surprised when your promotion to attract 50 % of the community limps to the post with less than half that a decade later before being ushered out by politicians who set themselves against the interests of that group . 
  jesus , that 's gruesome . 
  if you 're unwilling to deal with the context of the situation then you 'll end up with a lot of failed proposals . 
  it failed and was ushered out at the behest of unionist politicians who were unhappy to see even the final 30 % of staff come from catholic backgrounds . 
  nationalist leaders were understandably unhappy with the change . 
  per your own article :  sdlp assembly member alex attwood said he understood the issue had been difficult for unionists , but that there was `` every justification for continuing the policy '' . 
   he said the patten commission had recommended that `` 50-50 recruitment remain in place for 10 years at least '' . 
   `` this is not sectarianism , this is a positive discrimination measure approved by the european authorities in terms of a critical public service after years of conflict , '' he added . 
   `` people recognise that getting policing right was crucial for moving northern ireland forward and getting the number of catholics in the police right was crucial as part of that strategy . '', 
   sinn fein 's policing spokesman alex maskey said he `` rejects totally '' the move . 
   `` clearly progress has been made in relation to policing , but that has been slow and painstaking ; collectively we still have some way to travel yet , '' he said . 
   `` i welcome that more people across the community have been willing to give the psni a chance in recent times . 
   `` however , the onus remains on the police to engage with communities , build confidence within communities and the composition of the police is an essential element of this process . '', 
   removal of the policy due to people not wanting it  as other sources have said part of the reason why it remains at 30 % was because catholics were hesitant in joining . 
  the fact that people want the policy removes shows that this is n't the case and that the psni is n't open to discrimination on the level it was in the ruc . 
  where catholics made up 8 % . 
  this makes zero sense . 
  how does the absolute and abject failure to promote and sustain an equality policy mean the movement has been successful ? 
   george hamilton was appointed chief constable after a panel of 19 members 9 of whom were specifically catholic approved his application to the role . 
  he 's even served in wales and england . 
  great . 
  that 's not unusual . 
   i 've already addressed the issue of polish people . 
  there were lots of applicants because polish people are all over the uk and tend to work for a living . 
  however , very few got into the psni as shown in my previous sources . 
  i 'm sorry but you can claim all you want that the psni are the same as the ruc but you are talking complete shit . 
  you seem to be latching onto some angle of this arguement that i 'm not seeing . 
  the psni failed to attract the people it was meant to attract and represent following the patten commission , and attempted to allay the low numbers with recruiting non-national catholics . 
  that 's pretty much the story here . 
  excellent stuff . 
  what 's made singapore so attractive ? 
  i 'd assumed it had been a desirable place to do business for a while . 
  which one would assume means less investor confidence in hong kong , right ? 
  or can some financial professional correct me on that ? 
  increased trade along the intermarium only makes sense . 
  awesome , cheers !, 
  well in fairness that 's the second best answer they could 've given . 
  the 50/50 quota , and the rebranding of the ruc as the psni , was a part of good friday to ensure the nationalist community were fairly accomodated for and represented in their police service . 
  the lack of outreach to the community to effect that end , the lack of removal of officers against whom particularly strong complaints were made , and the hiring of the polish citizens were all workarounds specifically to avoid addressing that problem . 
  that 's what your mom said . 
  is that terry crews, 
  poland is a world leader in both potatoe-shaped old ladies and tensile basket strength . 
  you 're giving the mail way too much credit . 
  here 's how 'd they actually report it :  eu * scrubsidies * keep poland afloat : why your plumber is * laughing * at you, 
  poles are catholics , that 's the point . 
  the intention behing instituting the 50/50 enlistment policy was to fill a body with catholic nationalists that historically , uniformly discriminated against them to give them representation in what is supposed to be their police force . 
  the en masse enlistment of polish immigrants is a purposeful side-stepping of that issue by a body that is n't ( or was n't ) ineerested in change . 
  because the people who made the ruc the problem it was were n't removed after it became the psni who still treated the nationalist community as undesirables and rather than changing their poisonous atmosphere and engaging in proper outreach to the catholic community to make their 50 % catholic enlistment quota they hired polish immigrants to make up the numbers . 
  ... getting the ruc and psni confused ? 
  i 'm not sure how your anecdotal evidence is supposed to trump mine . 
  that 's ... quite a bold proclamation to make . 
  i 'm glad that 's the case , but it 's not been that way for everyone . 
  see now it 's strange he was n't able to say that . 
  the peelers wo n't care . 
  the psni is still very much the ruc , which pretty much means it 's a bunch of loyalists ( with some poles added in to bring them up to their 50 % catholic enlistment quota ) with a fortress ulster hyper-conservative mentality . 
  i 've got bad news for you . 
  it 's almost at like there 's a war on or something . 
  absolutely zero clue . 
  what ? 
  ** what ?!, 
  ** * why do n't we have a goddamn underwater rugby team ?!, 
  what 's that loud sound outside ? 
  oh , it 's just your high horse . 
  i do n't think anyone of us are surprised anymore . 
  tired of this news , sure , but that does n't mean we still should n't be angry . 
  for those who do n't want to click :  pro-russian rebels have shelled ukrainian army positions east of the key city of mariupol in breach of a ceasefire deal , the bbc has witnessed . 
   ** our correspondent was with ukrainian troops when they came under heavy fire moments after a team of international monitors left the area . 
  **  ** this comes a day after the us accused russia of sending more troops to the region . 
  ** moscow denies any involvement .
