  who said * that ? 
  * i said it was n't happening at a level where it 's a problem . 
   fresh out of university , you 'll earn more in western europe than someone with 10 years experience in eastern europe . 
  if you speak the language , if you 've got the cash to set yourself up there , if you 've got no commitments at home , and if you want to go at all . 
   source is the yearly doctor statistics of the german medical association ( bundes\u00e4rztekammer ) , the central organisation in the system of medical self-administration in germany . 
  via a mandatory membership in their medical association , every doctor in germany is part of the german medical association . 
  cheers , i 'll check that up later . 
  easy now . 
  sidewalk 's fer regular walkin ' . 
  not fancy walkin ' . 
  i legitimately did not even notice / r/europe used flairs until you just called attention to it . 
  certain people have been chomping at the bit to remove their countries from the eu for years by now , and they 're taking their chance now to reach their goal . 
  some people just are n't happy unless they can put their own family arms over the door . 
  oh come on now with this . 
  with the freedom of travel , growth of interconnectivity , growth of language education and growth of the internet we 're all closer together than we 've literally ever been at any point in history . 
  there 's an indiegogo to help out with greek debt for goodness sake . 
  what we 're seeing here is a wake-up call that conservatives still exist and are using the current political climate to try and assert themselves , and far-right nationalism - which always rears it 's head in times of crisis as people cling to what they know - is by nature divisive to an international organization . 
  the left is partly to blame for this too in my opinion - we 've been too lenient on russia , too unfair on dealing with immigration , and who the fuck knows what anyone is thinking about greek debt - but this kind of thing * happens . 
  * it will always happen . 
  it did n't show it 's face so much for the past 2 decades as we enjoyed a prolonged period of smooth sailing , peace and general universal enrichment . 
  now that there 's trouble people squabble . 
  that 's why it 's important that we make sure we have the right people in power who will keep the ship righted and the eu and it 's member-states heading in the right direction . 
   if doctors do n't pack up , why are there so many eastern european doctors in germany ? 
  without committing to a broader answer which i 'd have to research , those do n't seem terribly large at all considering the distance they 'd have to travel to get to germany for a drastically increased wage . 
  there are drastically more than 2000 doctors in poland . 
  what 's the source on that , by the way ? 
  i 'm not attacking you , i just want to do some reading . 
  it 's indicative of a spate of sedate , weak leaders who have grown to accustomed to peace and prosperity and the gentle sabre-rattling against fellow member-states to shoo away problems at home . 
  now that we need skilled , firm leadership to deal with serious problems ( the greek crisis , immigration sharing and quoats , putin 's reverse of direction towards autocratic militarism ) we find our elected officials do n't know how to comprehend them , nevermind deal with them . 
  there are people on this board who will tell you the uk and austria should exit the eu with absolutely zero thought beyond their own prosperity and no notion of how small states are meant to retain relevancy in a world of - not just emerging , but newly emerged - superpowers , fading great powers intent on militarism , and a us that principally - and correctly - cares for itself . 
  i 'm just so * tired * of hearing this short-sighted , conservative * nonsense * about sovereignty - which is apparently something that you can farm out to your village council , and then your county , and then your regional ( hi , uk ! ), 
  and then national capitals , but ohhh , going to brussels is a step too far !, 
  these people are just so tiresomely detached from reality . 
  west slavs , best slavs ? 
  okay so what 's stopping everyone from doing this ? 
  because this sounds sensible . 
  okay , so is he right about the debt thing or not ? 
  yes or no ? 
  nobody 's giving us plebs anything close to a straight answer on this . 
  i mean , is this a big deal ? 
  is n't what greece needs right now a government that will take the bull by the horns , make the hard choices and push through these reforms no matter what ? 
  is n't this the time for their fdr or whatever ? 
  i 'm not attacking anyone here , this is just my - probably flawed - understanding of what needs to happen . 
   my guess is that the term `` foreigner '' is associated with `` richer than me '' in romania huh , i never thought of that . 
  it 's quite the opposite around here . 
  i mean , this bares repeating . 
  i 've heard the baffling story that poland and the baltics are losing all their educated people because of the eu 's freedom of movement , but that 's simply not true . 
  doctors do n't pack up and quit their established jobs in gdansk for a chance at getting a different one in droitwich . 
  labourers do that . 
  and half of them send money home anyway . 
  i mean of course , i absolutely want greece in the eu . 
  but i 'm also completely fucking lost in this whole situation because everybody 's slinging shit at everybody else and i just want it all to be over . 
  okay \u2022 explain your previous post because it makes zero sense . 
  nato has never `` dropped '' a nation and ukraine was never in nato . 
  \u2022 the fact that sweden would not be able to stand alone against russia is a reason ** for ** joining nato , not against it . 
  \u2022 russia has so far annexed one province and is tormenting a contra-style insurgency in the donbas . 
  i 'm not sure how this somehow becomes ukraine being `` lost '' and the same happening in sweden . 
  aw well shucks , thank you very much, 
  he 's just a kid who 's too proud to admit he 's in the wrong . 
  it 's like watching a character who belongs on * the office . 
  so you admit you were wrong and do n't know what you are talking about ? 
  glad we can all agree that you were wrong and i was right , and now the whole forum can read this and agree with us !, 
  good for you to be so humble !, 
  ... are you feeling okay ? 
  you told me the lease on sevastopol expired . 
  you had 30 minutes to back it up , and you did n't . 
  so i 'll give you another chance - *** give me a source to back up your claims that the lease on sevastopol expired , or admit you were completely wrong . 
  *** i am 10,000 % sure you will not be able to provide a single shred of proof . 
  nonetheless , i eagerly await you proving me wrong and that you are n't just writing cheques you ca n't cash . 
  er ... no , it did n't ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  yeah he 's kind of bending over backwards to argue with himself and i 've no idea why . 
  it 's not `` wanting something for less '' it 's `` honouring the deal you brokered before you invaded the country and took illegal possession of the base we were leasing you '' which was an entirely political deal . 
  well i mean if you do n't understand a word do n't use it , i guess ? 
  [ among other stuff , yeah . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_litvinenko#cooperation_with_spanish_authorities ) another shining chapter in europe failing to stand up for itself . 
  itt people using yahoo clickbait as proof that the subreddit has become a russophobic hellpocket . 
  the entire situation ? 
  like , all of it ? 
  from begining to end ? 
  from the original deal to the current state of affairs ? 
  ireland is the land of wind and ghosts . 
  what is this `` air coniditioning '' of which you speak ? 
  well , that 's when batman gets you . 
  i can , but i do n't know the context as it relates to steaks . 
  first they take eurovision , then they take the under 21s ... where does it end stockholm ? 
  where ? 
  god yeah , i can see war fatigue hitting hard in that case . 
  it must be much more frustrating now , i imagine , with all the mud-flinging going about on such a large scale . 
  how do they get there ? 
  i 've literally no idea . 
  afaik ukraine controls the only land border , right ? 
  which probably makes it all the more infuriating for their citizens . 
  sorry , which war ? 
  chechnya ? 
  did that effect the average person so much ? 
  i suppose it 's just depressing to see your government 's efforts are having no effect where they need them too . 
  nato and russi were in a period of rapprochement not so long ago , this has all got to seem very unnecessary and unfair to the average citizen . 
  oh good lord come on now . 
  there are more actual russians posting in here than in / r/russia .
