  the bit that is n't on elland road is wonderful . 
  there we are , then . 
  you 've clearly never been up north . 
  i appreciate your calm and level-headed reason but it 's not going to pierce my greasey film of leeds-hate . 
  startlingly close to the truth , however . 
  no it is n't . 
  jesus what the * fuck . 
  * see it 's shit like this that makes people hate leeds utd . 
  see it 's shit like this that makes me a republican . 
  how anyone can ever cheer for an inbred bunch of self-entitled cuntbags to rule over everybody just because they said so and because they wave at you from their high house is just * beyond * me . 
  that still makes no sense . 
  the majority of the sanctions are enacted solely on private individuals in the moscow elite and have zero effect on the public . 
  propagandistic or ignorant accusations of russophobia are getting as tiring as the endless torrent of whataboutisms that we all got tired of from moscow this time * last * year . 
  that would be absolutely unacceptable . 
  any moral body would * increase * the pressure to the point where a decisive end could be brought to this farce , rather than letting the status quo perpetuate and certainly not even consider cowtowing to an incompetent dictator . 
  that 's true , but there 's little reason to lie about this particular meeting and even less to gain , particularly when the narrative is that a state is * not * asking russia for * blank . 
  buchanan was gay ? 
  i seriously never knew that . 
  you do n't hear it bandied about much . 
  i knew he never took a wife , at least . 
  lessened influence on the world and european stages springs instantly to mind , increasingly exponentially as time passes . 
  i have no idea what you 're trying to argue . 
  more or less , yes , although i 'd argue that this is n't a problem for * russia , * this is due to putin 's ego and his own incompetence . 
  the fact that russia 's economy is n't umpteen times more valuable than it currently is and has been under the entirety of putin 's tenure is down exclusively to him disagreeing with and then driving off his finance ministers . 
  wavey gravey , man . 
  those are just the irish descendants . 
  i live in constant terror of this enormous event that the media is * terrified * will never come to pass . 
   daily defamed by thousands of nato agents . 
  some of you people are losing your damn minds . 
  well , i mean , the mod in / r/russia banned people for accusing him of war-crimes . 
  it 's a huge shame , but they 're two small countries distanced from europe that are in a prolonged conflict and tied through necessity to their neighbours in either turkey , russia or other , and though i 'd love for the eu to take a hand in helping this conflict come to a peaceful conclusion there seems to be little support for the cause . 
  people do n't even officially refer to the armenian genocide as a genocide out of deference to turkey . 
  serious question - is albania a power in the region relative to the other balkan states ? 
  my knowledge of the situation in south east europe is next to nothing . 
  well i mean , yeah ? 
  well as part of the * united kingdom of blafah and habladah * it 's hard to look past [ ** oliver cromwell , lord protector of the commonwealth ** ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oliver_cromwell ) who attached biblical pages to the cannonballs so we had something to read as he sent every irish person he could find on our way to hell . 
  i 'm an extremely moderate guy as far as nationalist republicanism goes and have long argued with my more hardline friends about the benefits for northern ireland brought by the uk , but i 'd have a hard time looking myself in the mirror if i blew an opportunity to choke that fucker to death with my bare hands . 
  as far as irish rulers go ? 
  off the top of my head , probably [ diarmait mac murchada ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diarmait_mac_murchada ) , the dumbass who invited the normans over to wexford in the first place and had a penchant for eating the skin off the faces of his enemies . 
  one of the dubs will probably tell you about bertie ahern or whatever , i dunno , modern irish politics bores the balls off me . 
  i 'm so tired of this narrative . 
  it 's never going to happen . 
  that 's a little sad . 
  i get what you 're saying , i guess it would just help if i knew what `` minua pikkusen hirvittaa '' means . 
  i ca n't translate it . 
  i 'm still confused . 
  that was fucking hilarious . 
  oh for god 's sake do n't bite on the troll account . 
  you should probably stop using the word `` totalitarian '' if you do n't know what it means . 
  for instance , there is nothing `` totalitarian '' about imprisoning foreign military personnel within the borders of your own country for the express purpose of destabilizing it , as moscow has sent into ukraine . 
  if you 'd refuse to practice that , you 'd be a very bad leader . 
  of course if / u/anarchisto is just referring to citizens voicing their pro-kremlin opinions , then their rights to free speech should be protected . 
  but do n't let that common sense response get into the way of you jumping to conclusions and making ridiculously broad sweeping statements . 
  i 'd hate for you to have to stop the flow of easy rhetoric . 
  in that case then of course there 's no need to take action against citizens because of their opinion . 
  unfortunately russia has done much to tarnish it 's credibility in these situations in the past year , ranging from funding political parties to leading armed insurrections . 
  foreign agents should be punished for attempting to destabilize an eu member state . 
  i 'm not sure why you would think this should n't be the case , unless i am misunderstanding you . 
  considering the eu 's specialization i assume this is the long-awaited announcement of the bio-titan . 
  as long as she does n't get fed to brock lesnar she `` s up for anything . 
  true . 
  their goal is destabilization and weakening of the eu , because they realize that the eu , as opposed to it 's individual , easily dominated member states , will be the dominating force in the region , not it . 
  to pragmatic federalists like myself , this is why the putin regime presents the largest external threat to the eu . 
  it 's hard to argue with simple necessity . 
  unfortunately all a lot of people hear to this very day is `` both countries had massive debt , why 's ireland recovering so fast ? '', 
  yeah there 's a lot of unrepeatable circumstances involved in this scenario . 
  still , ai n't gon na complain about it . 
  which was foolish , considering japan had openly attacked russia in the past and the red army was not shy about it 's desire for vengeance on that front . 
  that 's really why it 's necessary for the eu to a ) become a more cohesive federation and b ) act more unilterally in protecting it 's interests . 
  despite being given an enormous amount of good faith in this situation moscow has repeatedly shown it 's not interested in factoring in the interests of major or minor partners into it 's actions , so there 's no point in pursuing a bilateral strategy . 
  acting that way just facilitates putin 's strategy . 
  brussels just needs to put forward simple goals and move clearly and unilterally towards them to resolve this situation , and put the blinkers on for the rufed for a while . 
  did estonia get any support from the eu on this ? 
  it seems completely bizarre to me that more has n't been made of it . 
  a pretty good start for european unity . 
  here 's to moving forward under the auspices of brotherhood , trade and mutual defence . 
  you must love may 4th . 
  see this is why scientists are the best . 
  one country can absolutely instigate a global conflict . 
  the us could take on half the militaries on earth . 
  russia could attack a nato state and trigger article 5 . 
  it 's entirely possible . 
  now this was a fun read . 
  alternately , but with equal prestige , all empresses to be called europa and all emperors to be called nilbop . 
  she 's hooked into a fucking golden throne or lazarus pit or fucking * something * i 'll tell you what . 
  he was one of the defining politicians of the 19th century and , more importantly , one of the most recognizable characters from * civ * , so he 's allright in my book . 
  a nice reminder that we are in fact in the 21st century , or as i 'd like to call it the * do what you feel like century , * which is a refreshing change from the * do what we say century . 
  yep . 
  it 's easy to miss us , all tucked away down there . 
  there is [ no qualification ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda ) on propaganda that it must state that it applies to everyone and/or will apply forever . 
  even indulging you , under that interpretation there is no difference between what he stated and what you did , and yet according to you only his statement was propaganda . 
  it 's nonsense . 
  he stated an opinion , you posted propaganda because you peddled misinformation to influence opinions . 
  end of . 
  one person saying he believes crimea will remain part of ukraine is not propaganda . 
  you stating that everyone believes crimea will remain under russian occupation * is * propaganda . 
  the difference is n't hard to see , mate . 
   even a complete embargo on russia by g8 countries will work for a limited time . 
  it will work , of course , it will hurt the russian economy a lot more . 
  i 'm not sure if you ended up wording this just as you intended but uh , sure .
