  i 'm just incredibly sleep-deprived right now . 
  yeah , while he 's technically correct , which hermes conrad assures me is the best kind of correct , he 's being a poor politician about it . 
  presumably because he 's a poor politician ? 
  i think it 's fairly unreasonable to state our problem is with an entire people or culture rather than their ruling - hopelessly jingoistic and peerlessly corrupt - political elite . 
  the problem is , like many eastern european countries , russia has been ruled by corrupt , autocratic , ultranationalistic administrations for so long that it 's hard to say in good faith that it 's not what the people want . 
  it 's hard to look at the leaders of the past 100 years and state that the long-term trend of ultranationalistic gangster-presidents is not , at the very least , what the people of russia are willing to tolerate . 
  the fact that this is coming at their own short-and-long-term expense administratively , diplomatically and economically without massive protests is baffling , considering smaller , less-populous and equally ( or formerly ) corrupt states in eastern europe have experienced massive changes or at the least organic public protests over time . 
  yet russia 's reticence to address the myriad of problems caused not just by the putin regime but it 's preferred style of ruling administration has led to a country with woefully underutilized resources , moribundly mismanaged economies , endemic corruption and - apparently - utter voter apathy . 
  the * every sperm is sacred * policy pays off yet again . 
  * taps nose and smiles knowingly * politics . 
  because why should they stop being cunts now ? 
  sure it 's probably best if you just walk away . 
  you 've never been able to stand the fact that the soviet union butchered tens of thousands of civilians and sent the survivors to live as prisoners , so i rather imagine you ca n't face criticism of the history of your country at all . 
  i know you come from / r/russia where lying about what the other guy is doing is par for the course , but do n't lie . 
  here 's what i said , way back at the start :  there 's not much `` deserving '' about it ; the russians came in , massacred or expelled the civilian population , and took their land for ethnic russians . 
  you 've since repeatedly lied that i said * `` you came here first arguing that the expulsion of the germans was not true '' * while i was linking you to articles * about * it . 
  and about the soviet union 's typically barbaric treatment of civilians re : slaughtering them in the tens of thousands . 
  and i 'm not sure what you 're trying to do listing ussr-dominated poland as another user of civilian interment and labour camps , not that one existing excuses the other in the least . 
  i live in toronto and i can tell you they get along great . 
  i think you are confused about my complaint - the agreement was to expel the germans * humanely . 
  * the ussr sent civilians to interment and labour camps . 
  that was the soviet union 's decisions , that was * not * agreed on in potsdam . 
  and secondly , these were the * infirm , * the ones that could n't flee from the red army , which had killed tens of thousands of civilians and would go on to kill tens of thousands more . 
  * both * of these were decisions made by the soviet union , and nobody else . 
  they 're broke ? 
  so all that money from the eu and the imf , that 's gone now ? 
  and even worse , they 're selling these things to the russians ? 
  i mean geez , apparently you know that it 's being done on the personal infantry level , that 's crazy . 
  their airforce , their armoured divisions , their artillery - they 've sold that all because these bankers , shoe-repairmen and used-car-salesman in a little bit of the east have got aks ? 
  the allies agreed to `` forceful but humane '' expulsion of civilians . 
  [ the soviet union sent them to internment and labour camps . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_and_expulsion_of_germans_ ( 1944 % e2 % 80 % 9350 ) #cite _ note-11 ) these were the civilians who could n't flee from the advancing red army , [ which was massacring civilians in the thousands  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evacuation_of_east_prussia )  the evacuation , which had been delayed for months , was initiated due to fear of the red army advances during the east prussian offensive . 
  some parts of the evacuation were planned as a military necessity , operation hannibal being the most important military operation involved in the evacuation . 
  however , many refugees took to the roads on their own because of reported soviet atrocities against germans in the areas under soviet control . 
  both spurious and factual accounts of soviet atrocities were disseminated through the official news and propaganda outlets of the third reich and by rumors that swept through the military and civilian populations . 
   despite having detailed evacuation plans for some areas , authorities of the third reich , including the gauleiter of east prussia , erich koch , delayed action until january 20 , when it was too late for an orderly evacuation , and the civil services were eventually overwhelmed by the huge number of those wishing to evacuate . 
  coupled with the panic caused by the speed of the soviet advance , civilians caught in the middle of combat , and the bitter winter weather , many thousands of refugees died during the evacuation period . 
  the soviets took complete control of east prussia in may 1945 . 
  a large part of the german civil population of about 2.5 million managed to evacuate , though about 25,000 -- 30,000 [ 2 ] [ 3 ] were killed during the soviet offensive. , [ 4 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] in may 1945 soviet authorities registered 193,000 germans in east prussia but an estimated number of 800,000 managed to return after the end of military actions , [ 8 ] most of whom were later forcibly expelled by the soviet and polish authorities . 
  the polish census of 1950 indicated that 164,000 of the former german population remained in southern east prussia . 
  [ 9 ] most later emigrated to germany . 
  explain . 
  the war is unwinnable ? 
  control of the land was decided . 
  what the ussr then did was entirely on them . 
  we 're not hiring right now but check back in the summer . 
  if the queen took a piss in it , it can be in eurovision . 
  there 's not much `` deserving '' about it ; the russians came in , massacred or expelled the civilian population , and took their land for ethnic russians . 
  well , i 'm calling a cunt a cunt but sure , that 's about it . 
  no , you can of course say whatever you like to ukrainian posters . 
  i , in my infinite , almighty powers that i have , will allow you to do so . 
  so long as you sacrifice one quart of grain and a newborn ox to my name every turn of the moon . 
  there 's a thread in / r/ireland about making sure his wiki article is kept updated in case anyone tries to edit it . 
  that 's where we 're at with this story . 
  * `` i 'll make fun of a refugee , that 'll show everyone i 'm right . 
  being in the minority does not mean everybody who disagrees with you is one massive circlejerk daisychain . 
  take this info and use it well , my son . 
  paging / u/vigorous to the thread . 
   you mean current draft service recruits vs ex-recruits . 
  i mean professional soldiers versus butchers , bakers and candlestick-makers . 
   was n't like russia supposed to invade any moment ? 
  you 're attempting to use fear of a russian invasion as an ameliorating factor for the insurrection 's actions in shooting down the plane ? 
  that 's an interesting tactic . 
  but of course it 's nonsense . 
  while there has been much made of russia 's invasion in crimea and insurrection in the donbas by both the government and media on both sides , if kiev believed it was in danger from a land-invasion it would mobilize for total war , which would mean an end to foreign aid and an end to the osce coming and an end to media coverage . 
  it has n't done this because it , as well as the rest of us , understand the difference between potential-threat and imminent threat . 
  and also , the russians are unlikely to invade from the west . 
  as this plane was . 
  which they had known about from the western border , and yet somehow only was shot down over rebel-held territory . 
   except the person to who it is attributed ( strelkov/girkin ) a month prior to that stated that the only social media account he has was in the antikvar forum . 
  so it is unknown who publishes under strelkov_info . 
  btw girkin left ukraine since last summer , but the messages in the account keep coming ( mostly reposts from other sources ) . 
  aside from the fact that i 'll trust images and claims of the rebels taking responsibility posted hours before the rest of the world even became * aware * of the crash as their doing , i 'll ask you for a source for strelkov 's claims , although i probably would n't trust the rebel 's word either way . 
  their credibility in this is not high . 
   as i stated above , those images are tainted by sbu claim about the buk number 312 which was claimed to be russian , but resulted to be ukrainian and just being evacuated . 
  again you can say whatever you like . 
  the buk was pictured in rebel hands in rebel territory being transported to russia . 
  they had the means and the mindset ( and there 's proof of them claiming responsibility after the fact ) for shooting down the plane . 
  discussion ends . 
   because ukrainian army advanced in that pocket . 
  `` you can stand over there , but these several dozen yards are far too dangerous . '', 
  nevermind the fact that the ua was explicitly not assaulting the area that the plane came down in , because they wanted the osce to get to it before the rebels could pillage it . 
  but of course , the rebels pillaged with the site and we saw russians using the id and credit cards of the dead . 
   why not just execute a couple of scapegoats then and be done with it ? 
  oh good lord . 
  the americans bitched less than you lot when they got this treatment for invading iraq . 
   i 'd say it 's 50/50 which is wrong . 
  you are comparing an untrained militia - people who are described as literal farmers and labourers - to professional soldiers . 
  you are also disregarding - rather purposefully , i imagine - the fact that the ua had no reason to be wary of any air support because the rebels did n't have any , whereas the rebels had every reason to . 
  the ratio is 95/5 . 
   what are the probabilities ? 
  do n't know and do n't want to know . 
  again , 95/5 . 
  nevermind the fact that the rebels posted pictures on social media of the crash , claiming responsibility for it , and taunting the ua with threats to `` keep clear of our skies '' , there were later images of a rebel-held buk in the region being transported towards the russian border . 
  and * then * we get into the rebels suspicious activity * after * the crash , including forcing the osce and independent investigators to wait for days hundreds of yards from the crash site while they acted without oversight upon it . 
  the simplest conclusion from all of this is that the rebels were at fault and that moscow is running coverage for their actions . 
  any other outcome given the context and evidence available is and always was not only unlikely , but absurd . 
  i used to work in a starbucks in the business district of toronto . 
  i 'd serve people 12 shots of espresso , daily . 
  the dudes ( or dudettes ) were aware of the health risk , but joked that it was worth it for their salary ( and it probably was ) .
