  quick , use a blanket statement before it can be used against you !!, 
  the correct answer is that while you are entitled to your opinion , if it 's blatantly silly and runs contrary to established fact , you can expect to be called on it . 
  it 's a good job for your country 's economy you are n't in power then . 
  several people have suggested that russia is trying to divide the eu by focusing on one or two of the smaller eastern states and making life difficult for them , such as poland and estonia and finland . 
  wait this is n't something you can just * deny * ; volume received is down by 20 % , this is something that you can empirically measure . 
  it was virtually meaningless until the cold war began . 
  nato was essentially a anti-ussr organization and it 's now primarily an anti-russia one , on top of protecting american ( and it 's allies , if time permits ) interests . 
   so they should have been caught with their pants down ? 
  what does this mean ? 
   if you want a war criminal go after that man . 
  he bombed grozny to smithereens after presiding over the privatisation of the state and the cannibalisation of the military . 
  one being a war criminal does not excuse the other . 
   please dont fuck this up for us cameron , if anyone can mess it up , it 's mr bullingdon . 
  let me quote the * very next line of that article * , before yet another russian poster feels he can make a vague reference to this report and convince everyone russia 's hands were clean in georgia :  however , the attack followed months of provocation , and both sides violated international law , the report said . 
   russia said the report delivered an `` unequivocal answer '' on the question of who started the conflict . 
   but georgia said the investigation proved that russia had been preparing for war all along . 
   very good illustration of anti-russian bias in western press . 
  you are coming off like a cartoon character by this point . 
  it 's a book review blogsite for one , and russia ' aging demographic is n't a secret for another . 
  furthermore , the depressed and apathetic picture she paints of the average russian person is completely in line with what people on these very forums answer when you ask them about things like the apathy of the voting blocks , the corruption of those in power , why those in power at the fall of the ussr are still there , and so on . 
  not everything you do n't like is baseless , wicked criticism designed to lay your image of your country low . 
  somtimes you just have to take your medicine . 
  so russia , what 's it feel like to have your own personal iraq and the decade of ill-will that 's going to follow from it ? 
  i have no idea why giving ukraine or georgia nato membership is supposed to be `` a horror scenario '' for europeans . 
  by all accounts they are the states that need protection from aggression the most . 
  more like norstralia . 
  cus of the criminals . 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  why , though ? 
  this entire article reads like conspiracy-theory wish-fulfillment . 
  how about , for a change of pace , you answer the question . 
  i get that you are an englishman obsessed with how pretty your border looks but the fact of the matter is that a majority of scottish ( and irish ) people never recognized themselves as british and they have the right to self-determination . 
  you do n't get to deny that to them no matter how much you bitch and moan about losing the north sea oil fields or how you 'll have to change your flag . 
  i 'm calling a bunch of english people out for demonizing the scots because their borders wo n't be so pretty . 
  i 'm positively giddy . 
  catch yourself on . 
  no , no . 
  he found an article in an evening paper . 
  that 's an open-and-shut case . 
  oh , well , i 'll trust your anecdotal evidence then . 
  stung you that time , did i ? 
  i feel like you are waiting for someone to gasp at that . 
  he 's , quite rightly , attacking the nonsense posters here are spouting about the scottish people 's vote , framing it as a break-up about `` their '' , the complainers , country , and saying it is about money instead of self determination . 
  a lot of you people are embarrassing yourselves with this sentiment . 
  yes , all those make believe people that said that . 
  oh jesus christ yeah , no kidding . 
  nick clegg absolutely * destroyed * any integrity his party had gained by entering into power with a party whose policies so oppose his own . 
  mind you , there is absolutely no-one in any of the major parties i 'd vote for anyway , so well done oxbridge . 
  it 's actually just a souvenir one of their paras found when he was on holiday . 
  you 'll never believe where he was . 
  in the * western * world ? 
  the effect is ten times as pronounced in india and china with additional social and cultural/racial stigmas attached . 
  but i aggree that this number is far too high . 
  his opinion is just as valid as hers , she just has a national platform . 
  of course , neither should be listened to when actually making the decision . 
  it 's almost like the problems run deeper than the worth of their votes in a devolved government or something . 
  if the guy were even more ruthless and effective than putin he would have assumed more prominence by now . 
  the only indespensible man in the tzardom is the tzar , after all . 
  people say this but until we sanction the gas * and * oil markets we 're just giving him new ground to plant more trees in . 
  i think either is frankly galling considering it is entirely obviously political posturing . 
  i rather hope lithuania politely tells them to get stuffed . 
  at least the unchecked corruption endemic in fifa is embarassing the people responsible for it now instead of just pissing off the fans . 
  that would surprise me . 
  the problem is it 's almost entirely english people who identify in this manner because the united kingdom was and is an english hegemony . 
  considering how absurd the thought of having charles for king feels she may likely be the last reigning monarch . 
  then again the royal family is a big tourist draw for britland and if they can just keep their moronic inbred opinions to themselves and not get in the way of the real world they can probably survive . 
  hey , english press people : they do n't want her to be the fucking queen of scotland . 
  yes , the unchecked free market and private industry is all about collectivism . 
  more people working for each other and less working for themselves . 
  i know it 's not that simple in practice but i got ta say , it makes sense to me . 
  sound bunch of lads . 
  sorry , sorry , what is this in relation to ? 
  i feel like i 'm missing something critical here and i thought i was up to date on this whole conflict . 
  speaking as a man who grew up about 10 miles east of newry , there 's few things more annoying than a properly thick belfast townie in full tracksuit regalia trying to intimidate you by snorting out some nasally nonsense in his guttural rodent-speak . 
  few things that is , other than cork . 
  brugian , obviously . 
  or belgian in some areas . 
  dublin would be wonderful as a beautiful , lifeless mausoleum to a dead civilization , and maybe in some far future where our nuclear-scarred earth is bereft of human influence and the land is tilled by rabbits that will be the case , but unfortunately as of right now it 's full of fucking dubs . 
  that 's a healthy damn term . 
  all hail the celtic aibo . 
  the inference being he is ... arguing to improve trade relations with azerbaijan ? 
  until we see actual consequences from this it does n't seem to be a derivation from the norm . 
  because the point of a defence force is not to defend the bit that pays more * extra hard . 
  * if your country has a larger , stronger economy coupled with a larger population of course it will be expected to contribute more . 
  to do anything else would be disengenuous . 
  the message needs to be pronounced enough that it reaches a leader who has built his regime upon a playground-esque image of alpha maleness , and severe enough that it causes him to abandon or at the least rethink his policies that are based upon this stance . 
  to me this means there are two options that will reach him : 1 . 
  sanctioning the russian energy market . 
  boots on the ground in ukraine . 
  both of these are huge bluff-calling moves and frankly it 's past time for that to happen . 
  construction still pays well in certain regions . 
  if you speak a second language , move to that country . 
  if you do n't , move to dublin . 
   investors have moved into eurozone government bonds as tensions over ukraine have prompted a flight to safety pretty much the thrust of the entire article . 
   the north sea oil would belong to scotland under the convention on the law of the sea . 
  that seems like a massive issue on it 's own , i 'm surprised there has n't been more to-do over it . 
  let 's be clear about this ; the reason they might lose territory on their own island is because of their open and honest approach to human rights and respect for the rule of law . 
  if scotland does become independant ( as i believe it will by this point ) , has there been much firm debate on the status of the north sea oil reserves and the uk 's trident nuclear deterrent stationed in scotland ? 
  40-60 is not even close to an even split . 
  the uk is a nation of nations , not a single country .
