  there 's nothing in your post that 's not already been addressed . 
  yeah , i 'm at the office and i do n't have time to go digging . 
  gim me what you got . 
  okay , throw me a source and let me work from there . 
  a military union of the eu is one of the best ideas that will never happen within our lifetime . 
  i know saying * `` freedom '' * in inverted commas is meant to be a really stinging insult because half of this website are either americans or living in america , but nato did n't intervene in the balkans to deliver freedom , nato intervened in the balkans to stop the genocide of hundreds of thousands of people . 
  i ca n't believe we 're having this argument in the year of our lord 2015 . 
  saber-rattling . 
  putin simply is not dumb or brave enough to breach international law to seize french or belgian assets . 
  aside from the official response ( which would be literally incalculable at this point ) the capital flight from moscow would be * immense . 
  this is such a baffling understanding of what is actually going on . 
  yeah i 've got to say , watching / u/watergeuzen argue with those two was shocking . 
  i get that their pride has been stung right now but they seem to have literally zero understanding of how legal procedure or diplomacy works . 
  the idea that a russian court can be coerced or bribed into allowing putin to seize random assets in retaliation is preposterous . 
  not only would he not be brave enough to do this , it would very directly into a massive escalation of action taken against his state . 
  i 'm not surprised seeing this from / u/dolcester because he 's one of the / r/russia true-believers , but i assumed / u/ivanmedved knew better . 
  jesus that spray looks lethal edit : holy balls she drags him back in while his friend is trying to pull him outside, 
  the pepper in his eyes , for one . 
  there 's a barcode on the side of the statue that you can scan with your smartphone . 
  explains the whole thing . 
  there 's nothing the englishman working class loved more than dying for a german monarch . 
  the first half of your post answered the second . 
  if only there were some way to have prevented it, 
  starting the weekend early are you mate ? 
  you 're welcome . 
  shit son , that 's just the catholicism . 
  that is really interesting news . 
  it 's shocking how disconnected some parts of europe is from the rest of it , particularly in the central and east . 
  that 's refreshing to see after all this . 
  and before the soviets deported them to siberia the tatars lived there , and with them the turks . 
  the law of sovereignty stands , and putin breached it . 
  had he waited rather than instigating an armed conflict , or even sat down at the negotiating table , then crimea would likely have seceded peacefully if that is what they really wanted . 
  now that will never happen , and his actions will have reprecussions for international disarmament , international re-armament , russian trade and diplomacy for likely decades to come . 
  an invasion is a ludicrous reaction , and people do n't forget them for generations , particularly when the invader is a former ally stabbing you in the back . 
  well they 're without a doubt the coldest they 've been since the fall of the ussr and russia 's disastrous 90s , but before that my knowledge ends . 
  it 's nice to hear that central and the east in particular are taking strong steps to diversify their energy supply , although i still think most of our answers lie in more nuclear power rather than a continued reliance on gas . 
  that rationale for what constitutes a threat is preposterous to rational actors . 
  they have an existing sizeable border with 3 ( technically 4 ) eu states , an existing long-term lease on sevastopol and i 'm not sure how the distant accession of ukraine to the eu is supposed to impact the russian economy , certainly not in a manner that can not be solved at the negotiating table like equals . 
  the people 's opinion - and they can be ethnically russian and linguistically russian while happily living elsewhere than russia - have nothing to do with the breach of the law of sovereignty . 
  bribing or coercing a president to act against the wishes of his people to the point where a previously content populace is clogging the streets of the capital in the tens of thousands is n't a palatable rationale either . 
  ukraine 's turn westward is predicated upon it 's own economic , legal and political desires . 
  russia 's assertion that it should have a say in this matter through the means of open invasion and covert insurrection is not only amoral and draconically imperialistic , but a concern for the rest of russia 's neighbours who have enjoyed setting their own policies without moscow 's say-so . 
  the sanctions are explicitly placed against the political elite and large corporations like rosneft and novatek . 
  this is honestly the kind of post that would get me interested in learning more about military tech races and why people are excited about them . 
  the idea that he 'd attack ukraine because it wanted to join the eu is not at all appeasing . 
  if he 's willing to attack an aspirant member-state that does n't sit well with existing member-states . 
  that 's putting aside the multitude of reasons for why that rationale is flimsy ( the eu does not have any military obligations beyond the task forces , the reason ukraine and other post-soviet states are turning towards it are because of russia 's poor economic and military policies , etc ) . 
  georgia 's appeal to nato is a bit baffling considering [ at the same time russia had accepted nato 's oustretched hand and was seeking rapprochment through the nato-russia council . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato%e2%80%93russia_relations#nato.e2.80.93russia_council ), 
  sooner or later a giant rock is going to hit this planet and if we do n't have the tech to get it off it or weather endless winter we 're all fucked anyway . 
  it 's * the times , * if they could they 'd just be saying * `` london , and ancillary undesirable territories ... '' *, 
  i just hope someone does something about that terrible planet of the apes . 
  anyway shush , here 's an article by charlie brooker . 
  sure i 'll - * waaaaaaait a minute !, 
   not proportionate , it says it there in your bolded text . 
  a disproportionate response is still a response , not an instigation . 
  there 's nothing else in the rest of your text that has n't already been addressed . 
  you ca n't see it but i 'm hitting the downvote button with the fury of a thousand burning suns . 
  really , * really * hardcore anti-semites ? 
  yeah , that was completely unnecessary . 
  and i to yours . 
  per the opening two paragraphs of / u/orion4321 's [ linked article  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/responsibility_for_the_russo-georgian_war )  a european union investigation claimed that `` open hostilities '' began with a large-scale georgian military operation against tskhinvali on 7 august , but noted that ** `` a violent conflict had already been going on before in south ossetia '' and georgian offensive was a `` not proportionate '' response to pre-war south ossetian attacks . 
  ** the commission could not confirm the claimed attack on russian peacekeepers . 
  the commission further stated that russian citizenship , conferred to the vast part of abkhaz and ossetians can not be considered legally binding , and as a result , the defence of russian citizens living abroad should not have been used as a reason for starting military action by russia . 
  ** the report stated that further russian advance into georgia proper was unjustified . 
  ** the report found that all parties involved in the conflict had violated international law . 
  [ citation needed ]  ** many reports and researchers ( among them independent russian experts ) concluded that the conflict started much earlier than the georgian military operation began on 7 august at 23:35 and that russia was responsible . 
  ** the relations between georgia and russia deteriorated since vladimir putin 's rise to power in 1999-2000 . 
  ** south ossetian separatists began attacking the georgian villages in early august 2008 . 
  russia was preparing to go to war with georgia for years before 2008 . 
  some researchers paid attention to the military exercise `` kavkaz 2008 '' , which concluded in early august . 
  during this exercise a written notice entitled `` soldier , know your probable enemy '' ( the enemy was clarified as georgia ) was circulated among the russian participants . 
  russian journalists began arriving in tskhinvali on 2 august to cover a war that had not yet begun . 
  some russian regular troops entered south ossetia before the georgian military operation against tskhinvali began on 7 august . 
  i 've repeated this elsewhere , but that 's since been discredited for whitewashing history and it 's now widely agreed that the russian-backed rebels instigated the conflict . 
  for anyone interested , [ per the wiki article  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war )  as the soviet union weakened in early 1991 , the republic of georgia declared its independence . 
  amidst this backdrop , a 1991 -- 1992 war between georgia and separatists in the south ossetia region left parts of that region ** under de facto russian-backed and internationally unrecognised separatist control . 
  ** after the war was halted , a joint peacekeeping force of georgian , russian and ossetian troops was stationed in the region . 
  meanwhile , a similar situation developed during 1992 -- 1993 in the georgian region of abkhazia . 
  after a prolonged lull , relations between georgia and russia began to worsen drastically in april 2008 . 
  ** ossetian separatists began shelling georgian villages on 1 august , with a sporadic response from georgian peacekeepers in the region . 
  ** the georgian army moved to south ossetia on 7 august to defend civilians and restore order . 
  [ 30 ] most of tskhinvali , south ossetia 's capital , was recaptured in hours . 
  georgia later said it was also responding to russia moving non-peacekeeping units into the country . 
  no , it 's open-fact that the russian-backed rebels instigated the conflict . 
  a report blaming georgia post-war has since been roundly criticized for white washing history . 
  for anyone interested , [ per the wiki article  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war )  as the soviet union weakened in early 1991 , the republic of georgia declared its independence . 
  amidst this backdrop , a 1991 -- 1992 war between georgia and separatists in the south ossetia region left parts of that region ** under de facto russian-backed and internationally unrecognised separatist control . 
  ** after the war was halted , a joint peacekeeping force of georgian , russian and ossetian troops was stationed in the region . 
  meanwhile , a similar situation developed during 1992 -- 1993 in the georgian region of abkhazia . 
  after a prolonged lull , relations between georgia and russia began to worsen drastically in april 2008 . 
  ** ossetian separatists began shelling georgian villages on 1 august , with a sporadic response from georgian peacekeepers in the region . 
  ** the georgian army moved to south ossetia on 7 august to defend civilians and restore order . 
  [ 30 ] most of tskhinvali , south ossetia 's capital , was recaptured in hours . 
  georgia later said it was also responding to russia moving non-peacekeeping units into the country . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to call swedish reactions to this as bullshit . 
  in his defence , as evidenced by it 's history , deterring russia is not nato 's sole purpose , although it is/was without doubt the central one . 
  damn that un-mandated invervention , damn it to hell, 
  of course . 
  can you imagine a modern , sitting government backing down over this because of explicit external threats ?
