  source : i do that . 
   considering how russia 's economy has been modernized and diversified thanks to putin , we should see how it reacts . 
  considering what now ? 
  this is a really cool article . 
  the baltics are a set of countries that i 'm always learning more about on this subreddit . 
  thanks !, 
  well heck , that 's a really nice gesture . 
  for real though eu is like the most inaccessible game ever . 
  i think their presence alone is the main deterrent . 
  the us is n't like the un wherein they 'll pull troops out of a conflict zone ; an attack on a country hosting american troops is a virtually unthinkable statement of aggression . 
  for certain purposes it 's tantamount to attacking american soil . 
  `` what about the people we do n't know about ? '', 
  `` well , we do n't know about them . '', 
  uh-huh . 
  you 're not making any sense . 
  you 're talking about putting black and tans on the notes and saying churchill ordered british cities put to the torch . 
  and then there 's this whole thing . 
  maybe stick to either being the guy who uses jackeen or being the guy who makes fun of others for saying `` youse . '', 
  one or the other . 
  you ca n't handle both , their power is too fierce for you . 
  so when i asked what you meant by this  it is not 100 years since the man our neighbours currently plan to put on a five pound note commanded his dogs to set our cities - ostensibly , their cities too - ablaze . 
  and you answered with this  ... 
  the black and tans ? 
  are you 12 and havent gotten there in history class yet , or a jackeen unconcerned with the rest of the country ? 
  you actually meant to say this ? 
   since the man our neighbours currently plan to put on a five pound note the man winston churchill , `` a hero of the entire free world '' . 
  so they 're putting the black and tans on their 5 pound note , that 's what you 're saying ? 
  cork is going to be a goddamn ruin come friday . 
  [ fascim : a form of radical authoritarian nationalism , influenced by national syndicalism . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fascism ) that 's it perfectly . 
  what would you call what 's happening ? 
  sweet . 
  go for it . 
  the shit-slinging will be glorious and it 's not like they 'll abandon the world 's financial capital for fucking * moskva . 
   it is not 100 years since the man our neighbours currently plan to put on a five pound note commanded his dogs to set our cities - ostensibly , their cities too - ablaze . 
  what are you on about with this ? 
  yeah , that works . 
  we were * de facto * neutral long before that . 
  we are not constitutionally obligated to be neutral . 
  hope this helps . 
   regardless of russia actions as an agent provocateur , we should be above using the threat of force to keep minorities in a particular state . 
  jesus christ , what an absurd point to drag out of nowhere . 
  and now we see the fault of cloaking subjectivism in objectivism . 
  an informal policy of neutrality that 's useful only as long as it suits us and no farther . 
  of course i am and yes i believe it would . 
  and it 's about time . 
  i like them all , but there was a really great lithuanian garage near us when i lived back at home and that guy was the best , cheapest and most polite mechanic i ever met , so i 'll give my vote to lithuania . 
  am i alone in seeing a difference in `` the forceful change or overthrow of the consitutional order '' and talking about the country some illegal foreigners have told you you 're no longer a part of ? 
  i live in toronto now . 
  i 'd just wait for the massive ukrainian population to massacre them . 
  that is awesome . 
  ~ ~ islam ~ ~ the emperor is the light !, 
  man this just makes me feel sad . 
  give an inch , lose an arm - what we know about the putin administration . 
  lest we all forget about this poor bastard . 
   `` six months have passed since the abduction of estonian police officer eston kohver by the russian security services on estonian territory , in violation of international law , '' notes the statement by the european union external action spokesperson . 
   `` he continues to be illegally detained in lefortovo prison in moscow . 
  he does not receive adequate legal aid , has been deprived of the right of fair proceedings and has been ordered to undergo unfounded psychiatric examination , the details of which remain unknown , '' it continues . 
   `` despite repeated requests , the russian authorities have failed to resolve the issue . 
  the eu calls for immediate release of mr kohver and his safe return to estonia , '' the statement concludes . 
  haha , no it was n't . 
  that squirrel 's got a piece !, 
  that 's the right response . 
  still , a fun gesture of support . 
  i do n't care whether he cares or not . 
  i 'm saying he 's going to be the poster boy for tyrannical autocrats the likes of which reagan wishes he faced during the cold war . 
  he 's going to become a walking punchline in literature and mass media , it does n't matter if he * likes * it or not . 
  haha wow , just noticing that . 
  the only political scene i can compare us to is backstage at the wwe . 
  we 've got a devolved government up here , and the majority party are a bunch of batshit insane conservative unionists . 
  whose elite , legitimately , seem to be composed of self-hating closet gays . 
  swear to god this guy has no idea how much of a cartoon he is going to become after his death . 
  sanction the whiskey exports . 
  no wait , that 's too harsh . 
  sanction the whisky exports . 
  i 'll tell you why , because sooner or later a giant fuck-off meteor is going to come spiralling straight down on o'connell street and if we 're not colonizing other planets by that point then we 're all fucked . 
  we call it bryan , actually . 
  * it 's the russian media pushing the `` with us or against us '' narrative . 
  it 's russia vs `` the west '' every time you open a russian article or opinion piece . 
  it 's not often you see those `` western '' nations ( which depending on the day can include anything from japan to saudi arabia ) forfeit sovreignty for the pleasure of describing themselves as an enormous , vague umbrella-body . 
  * to suggest that there are no russian troops in ukraine is to have your opinion dismissed by rational people as either wilfully ignorant or downright dishonest . 
  nevermind the fact that russian troops are openly occupying crimea , russian regular soldiers have been killed in the donbas , and a wealth of photographic evidence and testimony exists that there is at least * some * amount of russian soldiery and military hardware present there , on top of recent evidence showing russia is actually firing upon ukraine ( or allowing the insurgency to fire ) from within russian borders . 
  * there is an enormous inability of kremlin cheerleaders and sympathisers to disentangle their sense of identity , and indeed their sense of * russia * , from that of the current russian government . 
  if one is viewed to be anti-putin , / r/russia will trip over itself to call you anti-russian and a russophobe , which is utterly shameless and disengenuous . 
  * furthermore , only kremlin apologists and sympathizers are dragging other conflicts into the discussion of this one . 
  not even conflicts that directly fed into this one ( as , of course , the invasion of the formerly peaceful ukraine and it 's continued occupation was completely unprovoked ) but utterly without merit arguements such as the us invaded vietnam to counter soviet aggression there . 
  one action does not excuse the other . 
  shall we next call back to the winter war , or the great northern war , to argue that russia should respect swedish claims and gift spb back to stockholm and konigsberg to berlin ? 
  westerners are happy to let the conflict speak for itself , because it 's so laughably obvious who is at fault and why . 
  libya is a [ un-sanctioned intervention , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1973 ) and i do n't even know what you 're talking about with yemen , pakistan and nigeria . 
  * hot shots !, 
  i believe that was technically * maffachufetts . 
  do you know their cats do n't have tails ? 
  barbarians . 
  this poster needs to extricate his sense of russian identity from that of the russian government . 
  wow , they really restrained themselves there . 
   why ? 
  the uk and france did n't bother to explain it either , and i 'm not here for your amusement you tosser . 
  because you ca n't , because you do n't know what you are talking about , because the uk and france did n't invade `` lybia '' , you complete idiot . 
  you 're not making any sense .
