  you find a more palatable lie preferable to the truth . 
  that 's your own failing . 
  you * just * realized this ? 
  * potato explodes in shock *, 
  as a northerner , i love that you 've decided to describe our situation as england * `` dragging us along . 
  look at all that deep red . 
  that makes me , the uneducated reader , feel naturally cautious !, 
  it 's what i assume the bigger states in the us are like , except with extra hundreds of years of baggage that for some reason 20-30 year olds today are unwilling to let go of . 
  it 's a complicated question and i sure as fuck know i 'm confused by what 's been going on , but it 's nice to know that we 'd all prefer to err on the side of grace towards our fellow man . 
  yeah i 'd probably run off if i realized i was an amoral apologist without a real arguement too . 
   wow . 
  good thing i 'm old enough to remember that exact platitude being used to justify a military invasion in iraq not often you 'll hear someone brag about being at least 15 , but if that 's all you 've got then go for it . 
   materiel assistance of `` moderate '' rebels in syria oh so now you * do n't * want anyone to act on isis , got it . 
   and a bombing campaign in libya damn that un-mandated intervention , damn it to hell . 
  okay , so now you 've used up all 3 of the russian apologist talking points . 
  have you got anything of substance ? 
   hey , off-topic but while we 're on the subject of bad decisions , how about a wager ? 
  you know that armed confrontation between ukraine 's right sector militants and ukrainian police yesterday ? 
  what do you want to bet that within 12 months those brave patriots will be putting licensed nato ammunition into the bodies of government officials while r/europe sits around wondering why it trusted the guys with black sun armbands to spread democracy and western ideals ? 
  want to bet i can get you to say that ukraine is a country entirely composed of neo-nazis if i tweak your nipples hard enough , or do you think you can hide your true beliefs better than that ? 
   here 's a self-indulgent quote of my own : the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  see , here 's the thing : your position is so flimsy that i was surprised that i could refute it with an incredibly old , incredibly well-known philosophical point . 
  you 're literally resting your entire arguement on a quote from the fucking * aeneid . 
  wow , he 's going for it . 
   the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing . 
   who said anything about the average afghani ? 
  it has to do with the military defeat of your adversary . 
  plenty of wars have been won at horrific costs . 
  er , however you 'd care to frame it , the result is the same . 
   to the russians or chinese ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'd hate to repeat myself but er , yeah . 
  yeah it is . 
  it 's so weird seeing a situation that i can overturn with an edmund burke quote but by god , / u/winturkey 's arguement is so flimsy and amoral it 's given me just that opportunity . 
  i 'll be happy to answer but first though , just for kicks , tell me what it 's got to do with russia invading more of georgia . 
  i mean , if you want to know the answer i 'm sure you can dig up some old post that i 've made you 've apparently become obsessed with , because my opinion wo n't have changed , but humour me and convince me you 're acting in good faith and not just trying to attack another redditor . 
  go for it , buddy . 
  there is an * awful * lot of people burying their head in their sands , just like happens everytime a belligerent starts causing trouble on peaceful borders . 
  people need to realize it 's allright to be scared , but it 's not allright to let that fear dictate policy , or advocate sloth or inaction . 
   and in afghanistan they were using shit 30-40 years out of date and still forced us out and the soviets before us . 
  if you want to post the invasion and occupation of afghanistan as a win for the average afghani well , good luck with that . 
   the overwhelming majority of nato is in absolutely no position to start talking about `` debilitated and outdated military forces '' . 
  er , yeah . 
  yeah it is . 
   remind me , is ukraine in nato yet ? 
  nice to see you 've been paying attention to the conversation , big guy . 
  that 's the answer , though . 
  we 're not doing it for us , except as a promotion of the kind of the values we stand for and the kind of world we want to live in . 
  i 'm on mobile so sadly i wo n't be able to quote you , so i 'll just number my responses accordingly . 
  yes , conflating pragmatism with humanitarianism is a shocking concept for you , i see . 
  no , that 's just you trying to spin apologism . 
  and now the apologist has collapsed in on itself . 
  if you do n't understand what mad is , that 's cool . 
  lots of people do n't understand stuff . 
  i agree with you , i just think taking a stronger , definitive and universal stance on illegal immigration will reduce the burden on the frontline states in particular and the stress on all of us in general . 
  i 'm northern irish , actually , not that that either supports or detracts from the problem with the political nature of this issue . 
  see what i fucking mean ? 
   internet bravado is one thing , real world is another . 
  painting the difference between apologism and reality is n't bravado , it 's pragmatism . 
   the people actually making the decisions know that , and disagree with you . 
  i love that the arguement for `` why are n't we intervening ? '', 
  is '' ... i 'm an apologist for russia , and our politicians have n't committed * yet . 
  * '' that 's an incredibly strong arguement . 
   they smashed the georgians , and routed them in a matter of days . 
  and this is your demonstration of the fearless russian army dying for georgia ? 
  are you sure you do n't want a minute to go back and edit that post ? 
   russia can take the rest of the world down with them . 
  no it really , * really * ca n't . 
   russia is about 100x more powerful than you seem to think they are . 
  a war with russia would not be like the u.s. vs iraq , millions would die on both sides . 
  and russia will not back down . 
  from their perspective , they 've been backing down since 1991 and they 've had enough . 
  they 'll fight to the end . 
  their is no `` their . '', 
  the `` their '' in your arguement is putin , and that 's his narrative you 're pushing . 
  russians do n't want to die for georgia , especially in a war they know they ca n't win . 
  they 're hopelessly outgunned and they know it 's not a war worth fighting , so they 'll pull back to a position that wont have the world gunning for them . 
   not that you 'd mind , you seem disturbingly eager for war . 
  look at that damn nazi , arguing for intervention in the * xteenth * year of illegal invasion and occupation . 
  what a nazi . 
  not like me . 
  the guy who wants that situation to continue . 
  edit : oh you 're just somebody 's alt account . 
  well who gives a fuck what you say then ? 
   which obviously never happened in georgia . 
  russia does whatever they want , and nato does n't want any part of that mess , as is logical . 
  no point in seeking out conflict with russia . 
  so you are the problem then , good to know . 
  there 'd be no conflict . 
  russia is hilariously and embarassingly outgunned and will be for decades , and they know that . 
  they 'll run back off because no russian 's want to die so putin can annex a part of georgia . 
  end of story , a stand for human rights is made in the face of apologists and a dictatorship . 
  everybody wins easily . 
   i 'd say that georgia is far more important to russia then to nato . 
  probably not more important than a bunch of dead russians , which is what georgia would cost them . 
   russians actually died over georgia , nato troops did n't . 
  oh please , the little nation of georgia scared them , did it ? 
  nato 's mere mention should have them all shitting themselves uncontrollably . 
   and what happened when the allies stopped appeasing germany ? 
  did the germans just roll over , or did the world plunge into the bloodiest conflict to date ?
