   btw , if we were to go by that utterly imbecilic `` source '' of yours and only include as victims people that suffered direct deaths from military intervention , we 'd have to dramatically revise the death toll of the holocaust and disregard events like the holodomor altogether . 
  now you 're just off in space . 
  we get it , you do n't know what sources are . 
  it 's cool . 
  lots of people do n't know stuff . 
  the one that stopped a genocide ? 
  yeah that one , why do you ask ? 
  edit : oh fuck it you 're a 2 hour old account , i do n't give a fuck what you think . 
  not only [ was it not ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casualties_of_the_iraq_war#iraqi_civilian_casualties ) , your link deals with the entire `` war on terror '' waged by the us in all theatres including afghanistan , iraq , pakistan and elsewhere . 
  but i mean shit let 's twist the truth i mean fuck it , everyone else is doing it , right ? 
  [ yeah , here 's why you should n't listen to that guy . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casualties_of_the_iraq_war#iraqi_civilian_casualties ), 
  the number that just gets bigger and bigger every time . 
  and it 's doing this for purely political reasons , because nato 's humanitarian intervention in the balkans is one of russia 's main sources of political capital to defend it 's invasion of ukraine . 
  honestly , if anyone but a kgb colonel had risen to power in the kremlin , we would n't have this horseshit . 
  english language country , with a reputation for treating migrants better than france once they actually get into the country ,, 
  yeah , okay , bye now . 
  no offence but you 've not convinced me you understand what you 're saying . 
  do you want to explain what you just said to me , because those just sound like words . 
  do you have a full and complete understanding of what those are and how fair and reasonable they were ? 
  it 's not about `` pretending '' to be one people or even `` being '' one ; this is the oldest , most culturally and historically prominent and diverse continent on earth . 
  it 's about * trying * to be one . 
  because as it 's been told to me they 're trying to foist the debt from themselves onto the public of the eu . 
  nevermind the fact that i 'd much rather see a private bank fail than a * nation . 
   doubt that . 
  eu will collapse add it should . 
  back to russia with you , vlad . 
  the fact that some of you upvoted this is fucking terrifying . 
  i have no idea what the fuck is going on anymore . 
  the complaint is that the terms would mean they would never be able to pay back the debt . 
  i do n't think that 's an unreasonable complaint . 
  you deal in good faith , not to take advantage of a fellow member-state or it 's organs . 
   russians have been flying around for the last ten years , i remember stories just starting of you guys flying your bombers near british air-space 10 years ago when the madeleine mccann story broke , and we were all shocked at how unusual and provocative it was and assumed you guys would just stop . 
  you did n't . 
   and americans have been flying around russian border for the last twenty years . 
  have they ? 
   on friday , a mig-29 fighter jet went down in southern russia but the pilot ejected safely . 
  another mig-29 crashed in southern russia on june 4 , its crew of two bailing out safely . 
   also on june 4 , a su-34 bomber ran off the runway upon landing in the southwestern voronezh region and overturned . 
  the two crew members were unhurt in the accident , which the defense ministry said at the time was caused by a failure of the plane 's breaking parachute . 
   on june 8 , a tu-95 , a large four-engine bomber , ran off the runway in the far east and several russian crew members were injured . 
  the cause was believed to have been a fire in one of the engines . 
  what is going on ? 
  is this just indicative of the kremlin trying to sabre-rattle with an outdated military or is there more going on here ? 
  i 'd prefer european solidarity to actually * mean something . 
  * i 'd rather live in * that * europe . 
  i 'm sick of not understanding what the fucking problem is so i 'm just going to assume it 's a combination of the following : * proud politicians not wanting to lose face - fuckbags . 
  * private bankers not wanting to write-off debt - fuckbags . 
  i 'm sick to the teeth of not being told why this is dragging on and on ** when we all want the same fucking result . 
  does that go hand-in-hand with the referendum for whether crimea will be absorbed into the union ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  this is symptomatic of our approach towards immigrants across the continent , from calais to the med , and yet calls for a stronger , unified approach towards illegal immigrants fall on deaf ears . 
  it 's useless hypocrisy . 
  that ca n't be allowed , right ? 
  there 's got to be certain requirements for these positions . 
  i do n't want my mechanic thinking he can fill my petrol engine with diesel because god told him it 'd be allright , and i do n't want a national minister for science believing that evolution is a lie because of the way bumblebee 's wings work . 
  well said . 
  it 's nice that we 're able to keep level heads in a time of crisis . 
  apart from us , apparently . 
  i would like to assume both our national and international governments and bodies are being more realistic about what can and can not be repaid , even if it does translate into political spin . 
  this is fine as a gift as long as we say it 's a gift now . 
  we ca n't suddenly decide they have to pay it back 10 years from now if we do n't want a repeat of what 's happening in athens now . 
  let 's not get hyperbolic . 
  anybody put into the situation the greeks have found themselves in , with the prospects before them as they are , could potentially resort to violence . 
  there 's always going to be a few bad eggs in any crowd , and tensions just lead them to react violently . 
   we also have the world 's biggest wine barrel with a volume of 1.7 million liters ( it 's obviously not actually filled with wine , it houses a restaurant ) that is amazing . 
  admirable policy . 
   that 's fine , but the methods by which you do that have their own costs ; risked lives , money spent , products unsold/sold lower , credibility staked , etc. 
  well yes , that 's the point of the sanctions - to make the continued aggression in ukraine unsustainable for moscow after a point . 
  it 's a method of opposition that involves no military force or intervention but still announces the eu 's stance on the issue . 
  the idea that an action has cost is n't one that needs to be announced . 
   he 's got personal biases about russia whose sentiments are pretty recent - - not like a mccain or a kennedy being irish - - he 's a polish american , and not an average pole , either . 
  wait , what ? 
  what 's this mean ? 
  ... germans drink wine ? 
  and in weather news this morning , someone 's cast ultima over germany . 
  different medias who do n't differ on their portrayal of putin and russia and who are largely owned by the same conglomerates . 
  the dude gets portrayed reprehensibly from san francisco to riyadh to tokyo because what he does is reprehensible . 
  some outlets take advantage of that to embellish for their own agenda , but if putin did n't give them grist for the mill then they would n't just be randomly attacking him . 
  young people vote liberal . 
  crusty jugglers . 
  i appreciate the show of solidarity with the other subreddits we all go to . 
  it 's not terribly surprising - the media has been tarring and feathering the greek government since this fiasco began and most of us still have no clue what the fuck is actually going on . 
  yes i hear there 's so many giant polish doctors in them they 've had to seal them into the walls like it 's fucking * attack on titan . 
  that 's cool dude . 
  i 've got friends from around the continent i 'd have never had if the eu never existed . 
  it 's one of the benefits of the unique nature of the continent . 
  i 'm talking about quotas for taking the strain off front-line countries and being tougher on deporting illegals . 
  i do n't know what the fuck are you on about ,, 
  but ... it was n't . 
  wait , are you german or irish or a german living in ireland or an irishman living in germany ? 
  everytime i see you the flair has shifted between the two . 
   travel in europe is always short distance . 
  if 3857 doctors from romania are in germany , how many are in switzerland , austria , france , benelux , the uk , sweden , ireland ? 
  all of them offer way higher salaries than romania . 
  and by plane , they are all just a few hours away . 
  germany is viewed as the prime destination by most immigrants though , and if there 's only 50 from estonia there how many reach switzerland ? 
  or ireland ? 
  they 've got well-paying , prestigious jobs at home and are now more in demand . 
   saying that there is no brain drain is just wrong .
