   also , russia does have interest in the football , qatar , less so . 
  every country has an interest in this to some degrees . 
  sure , russia is a bigger footballing nation than qatar . 
  of course , if you and i made our own football team * we 'd * be a bigger footballing nation than qatar . 
  neither of these countries were given the wc for their contributions to the game . 
  er , the `` western '' countries - uefa and concacaf ? 
  we have * all * the power . 
  we have * all * the big teams , all the best-performing nations , all the most profitable leagues , all the biggest crowds , all the fastest-selling merch . 
  ai n't nobody lining up for lokomotiv moskow jersies . 
  and both of those organizations have talked about boycotting because of russia 's endless problems with corruption . 
  and if we do the world cup wo n't be held at all , because * nobody * is going to pay to see russia play eritrea in the final , and no sponsors are going to pay to have their name attached to something only poor people see . 
  and if this were 10 years ago and the us had gotten the world cup , we 'd be having this conversation . 
  so now that you know that , you 'll start cheering to remove it from russia , because you 're approaching this impartially and not with an agenda , right ? 
  they will , geez already . 
  you have a very low bar for `` brainwashing . '', 
  when you go to the movies do you complain about being `` brainwashed '' into cheering for the avengers ? 
  in your defence , you are n't run by a cabal of crazy gangsters . 
  as far as i know . 
  that 's an amazing picture to head the article with . 
  well that conversation turned to shit fast . 
  shots fired by the guy with the burt reynolds username, 
  you 've got nothing so i ` monna just copy and paste my last post :  sounds like someone 's trying to avoid saying `` yeah you got me , libya was a bad example , all my examples were us-led and recent , and i 'm too proud to admit i 'm wrong . '', 
    that 's okay little guy , the main thing is that the two of us will know . 
  sounds like someone 's trying to avoid saying * `` yeah you got me , libya was a bad example , all my examples were us-led and recent , and i 'm too proud to admit i 'm wrong . 
  '' * that 's okay little guy , the main thing is that the two of * us * will know . 
  sure that works too . 
  you want to stalk me anywhere else now that you 're all salty from losing your little argument ? 
  i 'm going to / r/squaredcircle later , you like rasslin ' ? 
   i gave several , you cherry picked one and tried to make an excuse for it . 
  a very bad one . 
  all the examples fit his criteria perfectly . 
  it was terrible . 
  yes , let 's try and rally people behind opposing a un-mandated intervention to prevent humanitarian catastrophes . 
  go for it . 
   this is exactly what european nations did . 
   no , only iraq and the uk along with many european nation supported it with troops . 
  you really want to have it both ways do n't you . 
  wrong . 
  it 's weird how certain posters like to forget america provides 9/10ths of the military might of nato when it suits their flaccid arguments . 
  actually , no - go ahead and list the coalition of the willing while we 're here . 
  let 's see who took part in your flagship arguement . 
  go on ahead . 
  you gave a bad example and got called on it ? 
  all of your examples of european intervention were us-led ? 
  they were al within the past 2 decades ? 
  i mean every nation on earth has been interfering in every other nation since people realized rocks beat skulls . 
  i suppose for some people like yourself this is a new revelation ? 
  damn that un mandated libyan intervention , damn it to hell, 
  i 'd rather we be able to protect ourselves and our interests in a world with 1 existing and 2/3 rising superpowers , as fell as fading yet still militaristic autocracies like russia . 
  i 'm from northern ireland chief . 
  you seriously think russia would escalate a war based on the world cup ? 
  to be honest i 'm of the opinion that a ) russia 's aggression should not be rewarded with neutrality and b ) this farcical war has dragged on for long enough so with kiev 's invitation put nato or eu boots on the ground and end this ridiculous contra-style attack quickly so ukraine can rebuild it 's people 's lives . 
  and my point is that it 's so early that we do n't know whether there will be any crimes he is charged for , nevermind where they are brought . 
  but with a multinational body like fifa , it would be pretty easy to nail blatter with something that american courts can seize jurisdiction with . 
  you vote tory , this is the kind of shit you can expect . 
  i 'm curious as to why you think they ca n't prosecute him at all , nevermind at this early stage . 
  assuming no stuttering you can get through every chapter telltale ever put out in 2 hours . 
  considering zero charges have currently been brought , the jurisdiction details are * `` no jurisdictional restrictions apply . 
  i know , i 'm saying i do n't think his name would carry the heft to influence people to make these changes anymore . 
  blatter 's name if it 's not toxic from this process already could very soon be that way . 
  i would n't imagine he 's got the clout anymore to nominate anybody . 
  this does n't feel like he 's stepping down , this feels like he 's being forced to abdicate . 
  because every single one of his lieutenants that think they will face serious jail time are going to cut deals to bring sepp down , and he knows it . 
  too little , too late . 
  i hope he slips in the shower . 
  i will state - even as a norn ironer who has not had amazing relations with the british constabulary in my area of the country - i 've always appreciated the history their policies were based on . 
  i 'm so glad someone else feels the need to bring this up . 
  it 's constantly overlooked that the anglo-normans were invited over by a pissed-off petty king . 
  arrow feathered from our own plumage and all that . 
  ca n't tell you that . 
  captain vimes 'd go spare . 
  i 'd agree certainly that there is a level of accountability to be had on the part of the general voting populace who have supported not just putin but such a long line of autocratic and generally corrupt and incompetent leaders for such an admirably long stretch of time , but given the nature and effect of dictatorships upon their populaces i 'm not nearly confident enough to say how much . 
  and then there 's the fact that raising this issue at all has other 's reducing my argument to `` all russians are bad , '' which is frustrating . 
  do n't be so reductionist . 
  i 'm making an observation based on the political history of the country which is based - in part - turn on the history of it 's citizenry . 
  i 'm assigning a level of accountability to the russian citizenry due to an extended history of either political apathy or support for ultranationalist autocrats with varying degrees of incompetency in office . 
  they then spend the vast majority of the show praising germany engineering and saying how lovely germany is in general , though . 
  certainly in the uk and ireland jokes based around stereotyping other countries are treated as low-brow and crass . 
  i imagine it 's the same with most places too . 
  favouriting this for later . 
  if you need an example for something to be dead on arrival , you will be able to refer to asylum seekers . 
  gallows humour folks . 
  i have n't slept in a day and a half . 
  every time i see one of these `` what if the icecaps melted ? '', 
  i look to see if the polar ice has somehow forced the caspian sea to flood russia and kazakhstan and then change the title in my head to what if the icecaps melted ?!? 
  i honestly had no idea that brown moses had a website . 
  while i respect the man and his work , is his site as reliable as his history would dictate ? 
  i dunno , the [ wiki page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war ) states that the russian-backed rebels opened fire first ( emphasis mine ) . 
   as the soviet union weakened in early 1991 , the republic of georgia declared its independence . 
  amidst this backdrop , a 1991 -- 1992 war between georgia and separatists in the south ossetia region left parts of that region under de facto russian-backed and internationally unrecognised separatist control . 
  after the war was halted , a joint peacekeeping force of georgian , russian and ossetian troops was stationed in the region . 
  meanwhile , a similar situation developed during 1992 -- 1993 in the georgian region of abkhazia . 
  after a prolonged lull , relations between georgia and russia began to worsen drastically in april 2008 . 
  ** ossetian separatists began shelling georgian villages on 1 august , with a sporadic response from georgian peacekeepers in the region . 
  ** the georgian army moved to south ossetia on 7 august to defend civilians and restore order . 
  [ 34 ] most of tskhinvali , south ossetia 's capital , was recaptured in hours . 
  georgia later said it was also responding to russia moving non-peacekeeping units into the country . 
  regardless of the technicality of that issue , it 's hard to say russia did n't put pressure on the entire war to come about . 
  unrelated topic - i only realized semyon was actually a russian name after watching * daredevil . 
  * i 've got no reason for bringing this up .
