  hold on - are you seriously telling me you think children go to elementary school to learn their * native language ? 
  *  wrong . 
  you merely need to look at immigrant families keep your story straight . 
  this is what you said :  what if a person wishes to simply stay in his or her country , own a small little shop and do local trade which is in none of the above languages ? 
  what you are arguing - from what i can understand - conflicts with itself and makes zero sense . 
  it 's not really that hard . 
  people change signs all the time . 
   yeah except when your 5 years old beginning school you have no idea where you will be going to . 
  he will now have more options than he did before . 
  also , over here at least , we do n't start language education at 5 . 
   what if a person wishes to simply stay in his or her country , own a small little shop and do local trade which is in none of the above languages ? 
  clearly , learning foreign languages would prevent them from doing this . 
   how will he or she do this if the language is not taught ? 
  by speaking their language . 
  you do n't want the greatest hockey team in history ? 
  the us is the most developed nation in the world . 
  mere population does n't factor into it when you 've got the wealthiest economy , the most modern military ( which is by itself enormous ) a comprehensive list of allied states and endless diplomacy and treaties weighted in your favour . 
  having more citizens just do n't compete . 
  `` you can speak to people in all these huge countries with all the jobs and money that you will be going to . '', 
  britain can not bear the eleven pents per street sign . 
  nobody cares about size . 
  we care about bargaining power , trade , and the ability to protect our interests . 
  together we are a superpower , individually china , the us and even russia can set their terms on issues like energy - and that 's only going to become a bigger problem in the future . 
   the shop owner , muslim convert ** jean-baptiste michalon ** this dude 's name is french as all * shit . 
  * if he was english his name would be archibald battersly-smythe . 
  if he were irish he 'd be patrick cormac o'driscoll . 
   accountability for what ? 
  you 're not even sure they 're from that country !, 
  their country ( that being * x * north african state ) is a known major source of illegal immigrants . 
  take account for your own citizens or they will be shipped back to you to take care of without discussion . 
   `` yes , i 'm british '' . 
  `` no you 're not , and if you do n't tell me where you 're from you 're on the next boat regardless of where it 's going , so make sure your next answer is a good one . '', 
   but where ? 
  wherever the next major ship of identified illegal migrants is going . 
  if you do n't cooperate then you do n't get an input in where that is . 
  ronaldo , maybe ? 
  is that likely to happen anytime soon ? 
  and it 's unlikely to either , right ? 
  my understanding is that while it see 's itself as more european than it 's neighbours or allies , armenia is strongly dependant upon it 's alliance with russia for security and diplomacy . 
  that 's close to art . 
  japan looks useful to have around . 
  we could invite them in and give them turkey 's spot . 
   which is fine and dandy until you get them there and the country does n't accept them . 
  what 're they gon na do ? 
  at some point you have to force accountability . 
   they deliberately do n't talk and destroy anything which could identify their origin . 
  they want to be stuck in an eu camp . 
  if they seek refugee status they must provide * some * form of identity , false or otherwise . 
  if they 're straight illegal immigrants who wo n't cooperate then they get forcibly removed on the next boat regardless of destination . 
   i do n't either , because most of them are struggling at the moment . 
  a statement like that would burn bridges and they 've got a lot of oil . 
  if you could point me to a time when most north african states were n't struggling from a corruption or migrant standpoint i suppose i could use that to draw comparisons . 
   it would also be hypocritical of us to dump migrants on another continent because they do n't belong on ours ; and we think that 's where they 're from . 
  i do n't see why , it 's a very straightforward principle . 
  one good fallout from this whole crisis has at least been the spotlight shone on our collective need to diversify our fuel sources . 
  it 's dovetailed - at least in some areas - with a growing emphasis on renewables , but frankly i still think nuclear 's the answer at least in the medium term . 
  it 's not impossible to discern where they are from , and heck , if they lie and say they are from somewhere else then they can be shipped there . 
  what language they use , what name they give , the groups they travel with , whatever papers they have . 
  it wo n't be easy , but it needs to be addressed and this is a start . 
  i do n't imagine there 's going to be a lot of resistance from individual north african states when the eu formally says `` we 're shipping these people back to you because they 're probably yours . '', 
  considering they wo n't be able to * stop * it without force and * that * would not be a good idea for them . 
  sure it 's not ideal , but if we do n't start tightening up on this and holding the african states to account for their part of the responsibility then it 's never going to get better . 
  the dude is english , the show is american . 
   are you insane ? 
  i do not speak russian , why the fuck would i know how many antiwar movies they made ? 
  you 're taking my point rather too literally . 
   america has a thank the troops parade before their god dam football games . 
  and vince mcmahon has * salute the troops * wrestling matches . 
  that 's not the same . 
   they have hundreds of military museums around their country and yes , children are allowed in . 
  children are allowed into every museum . 
  almost every nation has military museums . 
  almost every nation has a military history . 
  what 's the problem ? 
   double standards and propaganda . 
  the american way !, 
  er , i see . 
   get that flair off you you 're a disgrace to this country . 
   the financial union elements , however , look relatively weak , unfortunately despite the fact it should really be a priority , that 's probably not going to change anytime soon . 
  ... i could n't figure out how to do the little squiggly line under the c . _ . 
  how many anti-war protests/movies/tv shows/public debates have you seen in russia and how many military parades have you seen marching down times square ? 
  the fact that both have recently engaged in warfare does not equate the military 's position in their respective cultures . 
  i think he meant to say * `` rains all the time , every day , and the sheep have gotten loose again . 
  if they wo n't help us determine where they came from then they 'll get no input into where they are going . 
  in case anyone 's confused as to who `` maddie '' is , here 's [ all you need to know ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disappearance_of_madeleine_mccann ) about the last 10 years of anglo-portuguese * relacions . 
  perhaps make foreign aid dependant upon cooperation with repatriation of migrants then . 
  if they deny to cooperate though i 'm cold enough to be satisfied with shipping them back to their major port town and then leaving them there . 
  do n't show your class pleb it 's spelt ribena . 
  the problem is the issue is small enough to avoid the funding increase it needs yet visible enough to be a useful platform for dishonest or desperate politicians . 
  will you ignore the troll , please ? 
  he 's very obviously just baiting french posters . 
  it 's the eu 's problem , and the answer is stricter controls . 
  calais should not become a shanty town for desperate migrants , the eu 's version of the us/mexico border . 
  round 'em up and ship 'em back home if they 're not legal or have n't been granted refugee status , and if they have then ship 'em to where they 're supposed to be . 
  and then reduce the intake of migrants overall and help spain , italy and greece keep the borders controlled . 
  who exactly asks for illegal immigrants and refugees ? 
  well , how else are they gon na catch the reds ? 
  it 's nice to see we share the same stereotypes no matter where we come from . 
  i dunno , i think skyscrapers makes a city look modern . 
  i 'm living in toronto atm and i think it 's got a beautifully busy skyline .
