rofl . . but srsly , i think the only serious language for porn is english . 
  ive listened to it in other language , and theres something not right about any of them . 
  oh dear , this thread will get interesting . 
  hehehe i see . 
  i guess i was just aiming to write a more universal word than just writing schobbe ... but , glad someone shares my appreciation for it as well , 
  i know for sure most people ( specially furriners ) ca n't drink it , but i in fact do like it . 
  ( maybe because first time i got drunk w my wife was at an ebbelwoiwirdschaft , and drank tons of that stuff ), 
  yes , frankfurt is quite underestimated . 
  people think is a ghetto hole where you get mugged often and zombie junkies walk around mindlessly ( the 2nd part is true though ) . 
  even before i could understand it , german porn already sounded horrible . 
  once i could hear what they were really saying i was like dafuq ? 
  did he just called her a dirty pig ? 
  why u hatin ' ? 
  well , i dont know why someone would teach nazi ideology to their kids . 
  i dont know whether it 's illegal to keep it , but i know bragging about it would be a good way to ostracize yourself from society , unless , you live in sachsen or mecklenburg-vorpommen , with all the npd supporters . 
  i dont see it as limiting freedom of speech . 
  the law is quite clear . 
  everything is allowed , except that nazi shit . 
  i think he 's means how nazi stuff is banned , like the mein kampf book . 
  german porn sounds horrible . . it 's so demeaning !, 
  and drinking !, 
  brindis is a `` germanismo '', 
  thanks for the website , i 'll check it out !, 
  im not german lol . . just an adopted and well received frankfurter bubsche ... 
  i see ... for science , i 'll have to acquire some of that beer, 
  go on ... 
  * quite civilized country * very good food that suffers from the cliche `` its only pig and potatoes '' ( i say , problem ? ), 
  * awesome beer * awesome fu\u00dfball environment , when you support the right team in the right city ( forza sge ! ), 
  * the newer generations sadly still carry teh sack of bricks of ww2 , where its `` bad '' to feel proud of being german , cuz too much nationalism , and/or criticizing minorities who refuse to integrate . 
  * not all germany is beer . 
  frankfurt 's traditional drink is apfelwein . 
  yeah , me too . 
  apparently frankfurt and its metro area had a lot of amis for many decades til they closed the bases . 
  some coworkers who live for example in darmstadt , tell me how the economy went down after tehy left . 
  not make english as european language , but it 's a very useful language to communicate with others , when you do n't know the local language , as well as being a business language . 
  like it or not , americans and the brits have made english teh language to go for it , and in many countries or companies , english is not even a competitive advantage any more , it 's a must . 
  at least in business professions ( i.e. 
  the investment banking business of frankfurt ) , without english , you can only get so far careerwise . 
  specially here in frankfurt . 
  a lot of amis have lived here for decades , and still they do n't speak a lick of german . 
  some still wan na follow example and come here , but the rules have changed considerably ... jetzt reicht es nicht , nur ami zu sein, 
  a lot of amis are like that , but they do n't seem to leave !!, 
  are you serious ? 
  that sounds more out of scorn against the language , than objectively learning a language just for the universal use of it . 
  around 10 years ago i was travelling around eastern europe , and realized that most people could talk some german instead of english . 
  sadly back then i did n't speak any . 
  if i could have , i would have communicated in german . 
  i 'm not saying that everyone must learn english , that 'd be silly and cocky , but i do n't see why would people not learn it when it clearly has some advantages ( as the advantage of learning more than 1 language ) just because of some pride issue . 
  i see . 
  assuming from your flair , that you are from sweden , is it the same case ? 
  american english instead of british ? 
  dubbing , not only in germany , but dubbing in general , when will it stop my god . 
  one of the things my wife and i do when going to the netherlands is sometimes spending hours in the hotel watching tv , why ? 
  because it 's not dubbed !!!!, 
  so we catch up on some itv or bbc, 
  why would you consider learning english a humilliating thing ? 
  english is not my native language either , but when i learned it , i never thought of `` i am kneeling in front of my american masters '' . 
  unfortunately it is the way the world works . 
  if you know english , it will be beneficial to you no matter what , rather than being something that depreciates your own culture . 
  i see , thanks for clarifying !, 
  so bottom line is , they want no english-language homogenization . 
  any other language , but english, 
  you know what weirds me out the most . 
  i thought germans would learn british english , just because of geography , but most ( of the young ones ) learn american english . 
  i know some older people learned the british way , but it is just weird . 
  is like in mexico ( which was my case ) , schools that teach british english ( spelling and pronunciation ) , when the closest anglo-speaking neighbor speaks ami . 
  i do agree though , here in germany i see a lot of expats ( brits and amis ) who even take it to some ignorant pride , that they have lived so long in germany without learning the language , like oh wow , you 're so cool for being so ignorant . 
  in my case ( mex-am ) , i didnt wan na be the bl\u00f6de ami that just speaks english , so i forced myself to learn german as well , as fast as possible, 
  hahaha , touche, 
  you are right , i should have written language . 
  my point is , the business nature of catalan or galician can not be compared to the major business languages worldwide . 
  the fact is , if the catalans decided to learn english it would be quite beneficial , instead of fighting to death why catalan is the shitzorz , which , we all know , they also take their language as one of the greatest inventions ever . 
  all languages are important of course , there 's no lesser languge , but world and businesswise , there are . 
  sadly the registry was n't translated to german , spanish or italian =( i see your point , and i do n't believe english is superior either , but hey , it makes it easier for the whole world . 
  must be a pride thing . 
  french do n't wan na learn english . 
  spaniards either do n't care , ca n't , or they are busy trying to justify their dialects ( catalan or galician ) . 
  i remember watching a generalitat de catalunya video where kids were saying `` yea catalan is a very important business language like english or german '' , i was like `` spaniard pls , why dont you learn english instead ? '', 
  of course !, 
  for the almighty french , only their language is worthy !, 
  spain and france have an aversion against english , srsly . 
  i work in compliance dept for a bank , and we have to look up some info in commercial registries and govt registries from different countries . 
  most of the countries will have english translated websites and info , except of course , espa\u00f1a and france . 
  pakistan , confirming being one of the worst shitholes on earth, 
  sounds very reasonable . 
  having people living in countries for more than 10 years that do n't speak the language is ridiculous . 
  sadly it wo n't be affected enough to put a stop to the nsa in europe . 
  at most merkel will get a `` my bad '' ( but i ca n't tell you why , its classified ) . 
  and the roma are doing a lot to stop those negative myths , right ? 
  as whiny as the amis too . 
  i was a member when i first moved to germany , then never visited it again . 
  full of entitled expats, 
  moving to germany is very challenging , without a visa ( job , marriage ) it 's kinda hard to stay just because . 
  rules are very different , the language is very very important , if you wan na have a competitive advantage jobwise . 
  eh , good ? 
  toytown is full of whiny amis bitching all the time about how different germany is , yet they do n't seem to hate it thaat much that they wan na leave , interesting . 
  holland !, 
  hehe , i like the way you think . 
  i agree though , nobody has to live near the freakin airport . 
  for real things , like its happening in this area ( i dont live there luckily ) , where the streams from the planes are knocking down tiles of the houses , and people are having schlafst\u00f6rung , something must be done .
