  otoh , like the idiots who voted in the east against the walls to contain the rivers because it would damage the ` view ' of their tiny towns , yea , they should be ignored and just do things to keep a town safe . 
  big problem here in the rhein-main area . 
  people who live near the airport , and now the fuckin military bases doing night exercises with their choppers near wiesbaden . 
  sadly the politicians wo n't say no to fraport 's money , and well , nobody can stop the amis apparently, 
  i guess germania for germany , but some countries might not like it much :p, 
  i 'm referring for mexico , central and south america . 
  not spain , italy or portugal . 
  i 'm actually not with the problem , i like germany , and i 'm planning on staying ( heck , last week i ordered a mettigel for a colleague 's birthday , how german is that ? 
  lol ) . 
  but from my friends and acquaintances , some from brazil , dominican republic , colombia , and also some people from spain . 
  i 'm of course not saying all of them , but the problems they have , are very similar ( specially , specially weather ), 
  mhhhh i can say , from the point of view of my fellow latinos , germany is very very difficult to integrate to . 
  dude , i 'm all in for the mutant baby squirrels, 
  the local is more of a copy and paste website i think . 
  i do n't consider them a serious source either . 
  such a wonderful culture that should be respected huh . 
  sorry to say , but the gypsies are losing credibility here, 
  i was dissapoint with frisian tea , supposed to be super strong and whatevs . 
  doesnt eve get close to a cup of tetleys or barrys, 
  pumpernickel is delicious , with pflaumenmuss, 
  better than in germany at least :p, 
  stop taking 3 hour lunch breaks !, 
  beautiful country . 
  people are very very welcoming and friendly . 
  awesome cheese and for me the best dairy and sweets in europe . 
  i could od with liter of chocolate vla and some roomboter cake . 
  also , dutch speak every freakin language imaginable . 
  if you want real chinese food in europe , amsterdam is the place ( or indonesian food ) . 
  also , texel beer , one of the best beers i 've ever had . 
  studied in maastricht as student exchange , it was fun, 
  as much as i like gaudi , i think this time , it will look outdated , like modern outdated . 
  tacos, 
  plus , if she learns german , she could get an ausbildung and maybe not clean toilets , and do something else . 
  yea of course for some people it is hard to learn a language , but still , that does n't mean they should n't make an effort . 
  in this case , as you think , it 's more of a macho issue disguised in cultural tradition , which is bs . 
  they live now in a land where men and women have equal rights , whats he thinks in this case means jack, 
  that 's stupid , of course they have to learn german !, 
  specially when the argument against is some bs patriarchal issue, 
  rofl . . my wife is a frankfurter m\u00e4dsche ' and before i moved here permanently , we 'd go to the ciderhouses to eat and get drunk . 
  i admit to it , the first 3-4 glasses were kinda nasty , but then we got drunk , and i ended up drinking 16 glasses . 
  i guess after getting shitfaced with it , you get used to it lol . 
  i like it , a lot , sauergespritze oder pur when its that good . 
  hop hop hop , schobbe in de kopp \u00fcbrigens : i like handk\u00e4s ' too , mit musik, 
  i 'm not german :p but i happily live here , and enjoy the beerssss . . 
  although , i live in frankfurt , i will have a glass of cold apfelwein before a beer, 
  i had the chance to try the whole selection , what a kickass beer . 
  aww i dont think we can get andechs in frankfurt :( maybe at a specialty store , but not in the supermarket . 
  some deli stores though bring teegerneseer a lot , got ta buy a case !, 
  there 's too many beers to even thing of the best beer . 
  i guess the best beer depending on the kind : / for a pils , licher export . 
  a kristall wei\u00dfbier i 'd go for paulaner , a doppelbock , definitely karolus der starke . 
  a bayerisches helles i 'd go for teegerneseer hell . 
  yea locally i 'd go for licher as well , but the export , the pils tastes a little meh . 
  i loved the texels beer when i went to the island , skuumkoppe was delicious, 
  wtf , that the bundesamt f\u00fcr vergassungsschutz is aware of this ... mir fehlen die worte -_-, 
  its all about election bs and bundesliga !, 
  sadly :(, 
  yes , i hate that , the typical rants at pubs ... 
  yup . 
  one thing is having difficulties learniing the language . 
  while at the german course , i was with some older people that had difficulties , but they were still trying , and hard . 
  indeed a conscious effort is needed to not give a crap about learning the language , and i have a special beef against amis who do n't learn the language , because in their country , they complain all the time about the people not learning ` murkin ' . 
  it is often that i walk thru frankfurt and hear an ami `` dang it , they do n't speak english in that store !, 
  '' , and probably they have been living here for more than 5 years ... es ist schade ... \u00fcbrigens , ich bin auch ami !, 
  yea but not from expats ... first thing they 're gon na complain about is `` nobody speaks english in this darn country '', 
  well to be honest expats ( brits and amis ) complain all the time about living in european countries . 
  here in germany the brits do n't complain as much as the murcans , at least they learn german , while some americans express with ignorant pride , that they 've lived here for 10 years and do n't speak a lick of the language . 
  ( i remember another american commenting in this forum living in france for 10 years or more and also not speaking french ), 
  i do n't see the `` cultural genocide '' issue by forcing people to integrate learn the language and culture . 
  i am an immigrant in germany and i forced myself to learn the language quickly and learn the customs . 
  i feel but removed from my roots or that my national identity was taking away by learning and adapting . 
  otoh , the fusion of the good sides of each cultures is always a positive input in society, 
  forced integration could work in european countries as they are not as big as let say the usa . 
  it should be more enforced , you do n't learn the language , guess what we do n't let you stay or give you benefits if you do n't get your language certificate by this time . 
  also constant supervision from government authorities , but then that would entail a big workforce and budget : /, 
  but corruption is not only from the parties , corruption is often part of the culture as well ( i am born in mexico , i know corruption , and i hate it as well ) . 
  so it does n't matter how much of a honest party takes power , when all the citizens are still used to bribes and things like that . . 
  i do n't hate greece , i do hate their corrupt practices from politicians , institutions and citizens ... they got ta get that sh!t together and stop the fakelaki, 
  prague is an amazing city !, 
  edit : also , the original budweiser comes from the czech republic !, 
  ( i was in ceske budejovice by accident lol ), 
  well if they actually spoke german ... schwizerd\u00fctsch ai n't no german amigos, 
  or just a regular plate of [ grie so\u00df ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/gr%c3%bcne_sauce ), 
  is not that is completely impossible buuuuttt , the parking on the street is expensive ( u need a debit card or a cc with chip ) , the parkhaus is also a little expensive , the bycicle riders dont really give a f #ck about the red lights for the cars ... still amsterdam is one of my favorite cities . 
  next time i go flying , or with the train !, 
  tip : never ever go to amsterdam with a car , i learned the hard way . 
  russia is defo not the beacon of human rights , but at least they got something right . 
  finally a european country standing up against the american bullies . . 
  its bringing the country down sadly, 
  and that 's the problem with the forever guilt trip that was taught worlwide and in germany , that germans ca n't even demand better conditions in their country for their own benefit , because omg the germans are feeling too nationalistic !, 
  i 've been in germany for 2 years now ( mexican-american ) , and the problems from the turkish community are not very different from the latinos in usa . 
  the issues zemilkman describes were noticeable even for me in a short amount of time . 
  it is incredible for me to notice , that i speak a better german ( which i 've only studied for less than a year ) than the turks being born here . 
  as soon as some integration is demanded , suddenly all the minorities take out their race cards and again , the germans with their ghosts feel bad about it and say , no ok , forget about it . 
  this guilt trip is also detrimental to a fully integration of all immigrants to germany . 
  if you ca n't cut the mustard ( learn german , get a job soon , if you dont have skills , get schulung ) then you ca n't work , period ... we 're not talking about mass deportations here , but definitely something can be done . 
  i lived that through my german integration course . 
  all these enclaves ( turks , serbo-croats , indians ) have very good people , of course , it 's an undeniable fact , but the others come here to exploit the system . 
  they go to the course , they stop going , they fail the exam . 
  they go again to the auslanderbeh\u00f6rde to get another chance , same cycle repeated for years .
