i 'm not sure how much you know of early us history , but we did the same thing . 
  the thirteen colonies organized themselves into a confederacy with separate currency , armies , laws ... 
  it was a shit show that fell apart under it 's own bureaucracy and politics . 
  thr french were papists ... fighting for the protestants . 
  they fought as the other super power and wanted to keep the empire weak . 
  make austria great again !, 
  sweden alone was responsible for the razing of 15,000 villages , 3,000 towns , and 1,500 villages probably misquoting wikipedia . . 
  lion of the north was n't an original idea though ... 
  most of the dead are from starvation , disease , and war crimes . 
  armies of the period lived off the land , aka `` everything you own is now mine . 
  including your daughter , she 's lovely '' mecklenburg was fully sacked , almost all of the ~ 40,000 citizens were murdered . 
  primary source quotes at the time viewed it as a good thing with healthy doses of gott mit uns , the periods `` allah akbar '', 
  this is n't new , and ( should be ) unrelated to terrorism . 
  i remember my american dad going go a conference in the 90s where a consultant did a presentation about physical security and told a story where he was hired to break into a server room to `` steal information '' . 
  he took advantage of people doing what you described . 
  it 's aimed at preventing theft , not stopping aks ... 
  `` provide soldiers and taxes , or die '', 
  this is rich . 
  does op not understand his own history ? 
  and mosul and return them to iraqi and syrian control ? 
  what was the stat - 24 % agreed with charlie hebdo ? 
  those 24 % can go jump off a cliff and incompatible with western culture . 
  my life took a different path , but i was talking to navy recruiters after 9/11 up until i got married . 
  i 'm just going to tell myself that reddit is young and naive and ca n't accept information that a sizeable amount of people want to murder you . 
  we already are at war . 
  maybe it 's time the west stops being afraid of getting involved . 
  i understand how you feel . 
  9/11 happened when i was in school , but both of my employers during my career lost staff at 9/11 . 
  my first year on the job i was in a meeting . 
  someone asked for papers to be sent over because paper copies were required . 
  the guy from new york had to tell us `` they were incinerated , we need to make new ones '' . 
  i spent six years wanting to join the army . 
  news of vengeance against the taliban and al qaeda cheer me up . 
  iraq was a mistake , but if we had ignored afghanistan i know i would have been livid . 
  when the boston bombing happened i did n't get any work done . 
  that particular hotel is a featured hotel that my company uses and i stayed there on business . 
  i slept there - i walked those streets . 
  coworkers took the day off . 
  it felt so real to me , as if i was personally affected . 
  fuck the taliban . 
  my marriage is the only thing that kept me from serving . 
  i knee jerk when i read any poo-poo ` ing of 9/11 . 
  i can tell you exactly what i was doing when it happened and who i was with . 
  i spent the next 6 years flirting with joining the army . 
  10 years later i was at work and had someone tell me `` we ca n't get you the documents because they were incinerated '' . 
  both companies i 've worked for commemorates their dead on the anniversary . 
  fuck the taliban , i 'm over joyed that they were forced back to pakistan where they came from . 
  iraq is compartmentalized as a separate issue from 9/11 . 
  yet we cheer for russia shooting at them . 
  not everyone is pacifist , even though reddit tends to be ... do you want safety ? 
  get nato involved . 
  let these private armies understand that they are subject to the same annihilation that a country is subject to . 
  why is this response not higher than the ones with made up stats ? 
  gallup polled multiple communities . 
  a sizeable minority want to kill you , or support someone else to do it . 
  ah yes - appeasement . 
  9/11 <  iraq . 
  isis has borders - they want to exist as a nation . 
  they have a de facto country . 
  if they want to be big boys , they can play by the rules . 
  as an american , seeing the general consensus of `` good , served her right '' is eye opening . 
  i feel like i 'm in your shoes about american gun rights , which despite the pundits and reddit top comments is a third rail issue to take on in the states . 
  very interesting . 
  do n't mind if i lurk ... 
  this would be 100 % legal in the us . 
  you have to show that the speech is imminent and actionable . 
  kill white people is legal . 
  kill that white person tomorrow is not . 
  . . she operated the clinton foundation while secretary of state and algeria paid the foundation a multi million dollar bribe so that state would take them off the terror watch list . 
  haben means to have and du hast ( mich ) means you have me . 
  du hasst ( mich ) means you hate me . 
  the lyrics translate loosely to wedding vows . 
  so the play on words combined with the subtle nein !, 
  gives the song a double meaning . 
  americans said the same thing about jfk , catholicism , and loyalty to the pope . 
  1960s america had an absolute view on separation of church and state . 
  make a snarky comment . 
  and then learn something . 
  thanks reddit . 
   the turkish minister of foreign affairs did not mention , during the aforementioned inteview , the complications which the mention of the reinstatement of the death penalty by the president of the country , teyip erdogan , caused to the the turkish request for the extradition of the eight officers , as did the suspension of the european human rights agreement within the framework of a declaration of a state of emergency , which was decided by the turkish government . 
  that is a very long sentence ... 
  nato is an american anti soviet alliance . 
  we blew up 85 syrian civilians . 
  progress !, 
   then we win i 'm not sure your adversary cares . 
  you 're at war . 
  there are a lot more lone wolves inspired by isis ... 
  the us is only a problem if you 're black - they will try to save your life from imminent toy truck danger by shooting you . 
  r/turkey says that erdogan claims that any country harboring a sympathizer ( i.e. , gulen ) is at war with turkey . 
  gulen lives in pennsylvania , usa . 
  is this your move , erdogan ? 
  ( kerry says `` prove it was him '' ), 
  with turkey , it 's different . 
  coups in turkey seem to be a constitutional right , so trying to enforce that right lends legitimacy and automatically reduced the president 's legitimacy . 
  rip the people celebrating the coup caught on camera ? 
  given that the soldiers are conscripts , will the individual men of the rebelling divisions be held responsible ? 
  american soldiers are expected to not comply with an unlawful order ( among other things ) . 
  does turkey have anything similar ? 
  source ? 
  ( curious ),
