  even then , i think they would know it was in the mediterranean , that it was half greek , and that they speak weird there ... none of which are * wrong * , but it 's not much . 
  we 're occupying the north half they rely on tourism and banking the south half is in the eu they started drilling for oil , i think ? 
  of course we threatened them with something stupid i just realized i know very little about cyprus . 
  since i 'm on my phone now i will edit this to be longer later . 
  check out the other link in this subreddit about turkey , our pm announced a new so-called democratisation package which is a big step in the wrong direction in the wrong hands . 
  re the other things , i do n't think turkey deserves a place in the eu not only because of the law and governing but because the people have a very different minfset and the `` european '' part is only maximum 30 % of the people . 
  it 's true , the military tended to be a little too coup-happy and this government decided to get rid of all the generals and high-ranking officials . 
  it was likely that a coup was being planned but the government could n't find enough evidence so they fabricated some , and jailed too many officials . 
  sadly in this country you ca n't assume good intent . 
   if you have money you can have education in any language akp changes the barrier so that they will get the most chairs again it 's a hate crime if you speak against the government more money for the building sector we do n't recognize armenians , alevis and lgbt same old . 
  i can feel the democracy from here edit : but of course if these were done properly it would definitely be great . 
  it 's just not enough , and i do n't trust akp with anything . 
  he said there would be more `` packages '' , i wonder what they will have, 
  like the the eu gives a single shit about us anymore ? 
  not that we 're worth it . 
  especially not after what happened a few hours ago . . 
  so many inaccurate comments here , but i wo n't even bother with them . 
  some of you also seem to think turkey is trying desperately to get in the european club . 
  in reality i 'd say 95 % of europe wants us out and 85 % of turkey does not want to be in so i do n't even know what turkey has a bid for . 
  obviously it would be cool to get it , but i hope we wo n't . 
  there is n't enough infrastructure , the economy will probably get worse until then ( and if it does n't , then it will happen because of the olympics ) , and the government will find some way to profit more off of it . 
  if we must host something it should be about football or basketball since most people do n't know or care about other sports . 
  we will have to make arenas for sports nobody does , and they will never be used , our country is not good with this sort of thing . 
  90 % will say the last sportive thing they did was in high school . 
  also one of the ( many ) reasons greece is doing so bad is their olympics , we do n't need to go voluntarily to our grave . 
  this will probably be the opening ceremony : national anthem , kids reciting poems , mehter marches and idiocy about 1453 , ottomans and more ottomans , a terrible concert ( serdar orta\u00e7 ? 
  ( : ) , the end . 
  the only reason i can think of that they would do it is because it would be in a `` muslim country for the first time '' , or some bs about connecting asia and europe . 
  if it is decided that istanbul wins i will be very disappointed . 
  the money will be taken from us with some sort of `` olympic tax '' , probably added on petrol , and it 's 1.94 $ / l already , and i could go on for a long time about this optional rant : our [ introductory video ] ( http://webtv.hurriyet.com.tr/4/51856/0/1/iste-2020-olimpiyatlari-icin-istanbul-un-tanitim-filmi.aspx ) is stupid . 
  rihanna , really , when we have all sorts of traditional music or pop artists ? 
  do n't we have our own coffee ? 
  how is this a good advertisement when we have a marathon happening in the city every year and it 's not mentioned , or no sportsmen in the country ? 
  do we drink tea at bars ? 
  when this is the sort of thing made by the people responsible i do n't even want to think about how bad the actual thing will be especially if akp or something like them are still the government in 2020 . 
  ( and why do they make a video like this when their latest plan is gender-separated swimming pools ? ), 
  then why do you say he is bulgarian ? 
  i ca n't reply to all you said because my phone is a piece of crap , but our biased education is why we are taught the altaic language hypothesis as fact . 
  most linguists do n't agree with it anymore . 
  that is the italian flag, 
  black people seem generally better off in society than what you just described , though . 
  which parties do they vote for , generally ? 
  a better plan might have been put in effect and have worked , but kohl 's original idea was a bit prejudiced and racist . 
  i wonder why he did n't mention it to anyone else ( or maybe he did and got shot down ? ), 
  were/are the immigrants that bad , though ? 
  they are rarely in the news over here . 
  we 're not all trying to immigrate ... some of you make it sound like we 're an invading horde of violent muslims . 
  seriously ? 
  also the assumption that every short-hairy-thick eyebrows type person is turkish . 
  or that we 're all practicing muslims , and we all support genocide . 
  the one i see most is that we hate greeks . 
  it has n't been true for a long time . 
  now we just try to pass on our failures as greek , like erdogan and atilla tas , 
  turkish desserts , definitely . 
  ( you should try the one made out of chicken breasts . . ) even baklava is n't as good out there even though everyone knows about it . 
  also it 's like nobody uses eggplants much . 
  maybe i 'm biased but eggplant is the best vegetable for . . anything . 
  i miss bacon and anything made with pork , obviously . 
  cheese is hard to get if it 's not made near your area . 
  it does n't bother me so much that i ca n't find these in turkey than not being able to find good bread or yogurt in other places . 
  yours is n't yogurt , it 's white salty jelly . 
  no fat and no cream in it . 
  i could go on forever about food . 
  drop the d\u00f6ner and eat some be\u011fendi , people , it even includes kebap !, 
  simit is also delicious , basically a sesame pretzel and nobody makes it . 
  seriously ? 
  mara\u015f dondurma is a much better invention than kebap in this weather . 
  not the same nation really . 
  almost nothing remains from the ottomans in modern times . 
  the people have died out , the language has changed . 
  only buildings , some music and some poetry remains . 
  even the culture is very different . 
  this is why turkey did n't accept the blames and debts of the ottomans . 
  the whole reason why we are now turkey and not ottoman-state is because everyone started over with everything after ww1 . 
  well yeah , but as i said , including the ottomans would n't be fair . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  there are many different opinions , but there are two types of people who went there . 
  the first are the ones who were told to go to the `` baby nation '' to help develop its economy etc. , but people think the turkish government finances the whole country so they are stereotyped as lazy opportunists . 
  the second kind are the rich people , their only difference is that they went there to retire or live an easy life so they are seen negatively , while the first sort had honest intentions . 
  still , most people may not agree , this is just what i observed . 
  we could write pages about the ottomans , but after 1920 i think it 's either the 1980 military coup or when we started to send `` settlers '' to cyprus . 
  ^ ^ not ^ ^ counting ^ ^ akp, 
  even if we do n't get rid of him soon , many people have gotten over their prejudices and seen that people are n't less human just because they are kurdish , lgbt or have different political views , and i think that is just as important in the long term . 
  kim satar ki ? 
  even then , the percentage is low . 
  the only place i can think that would be close is izmir , since in other places there was a huge migration from the more religious east of the country to the west which is still continuing . 
  23 % religious people in turkey seems fairly odd . 
   i suspect the wide support for turkish accession is n't totally unrelated to this . 
  what ? 
  our government loves to use twitter . . 
  sometimes i wonder if they 're actually getting anything done , when they 're wondering who broke [ the watering hose ] ( http://www.itusozluk.com/image/belediyenin-onundeki-fiskiyeyi-kim-kirdi_294264.jpg ) in front of the municipality or just writing [ in alien languages ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1dgq2oo.png ) . 
  the second one is the eu minister, 
  there are less pirates than i thought , and there seems to be only one other turk who actually lives in turkey . 
  also ,  turks are not european . 
  just because they have control of constantinople means nothing . 
  they do not even belong in asia minor , that is greek land , and turks came here as invading hordes from central asia . 
  let 's try that again :  european americans do not belong in america . 
  just because they have control of america means nothing . 
  they do not even belong in america , that is native land , and americans came here as invading hordes from europe . 
  i 'm not offended , but whoever you are , you need a better argument .
