  guess who does n't support that ? 
  not the kemalists . 
  and we 're back to the start . 
  what i am starting to get very curious about is , who are the people or sources you based your opinion of kemalists from ? 
  no , i do n't know what you mean . 
  `` fellow genociders '' implies more than one person , so discounting hitler i do n't see who else . 
  what i mean is , after the issue was settled and especially after around the time cyprus entered the eu , leaders had a responsibility to withdraw the military . 
  keeping them there is antagonistic . 
  turkey wanted oil money like everyone else on the planet . 
  turkmens also lived there as a bonus justification . 
  tbh it 's better that we do n't have even more problematic land to deal with today . 
  and what you said just makes it more the fault of the british . 
  i mean officials too . 
  yeah . . when you jail their parties . 
  guess who is the latest to do so ? 
  yi\u011fit bulut will revive our economy with the power of hair products and telekinesis , of course . 
  i have full faith that with the aid of our mega robots we will take over the region . 
  finally , the mystery of who broke g\u00f6k\u00e7ek 's water fountain will be solved and we will enter an age of peace . 
  however , the day binali learns to write properly may never come . 
  the letter \u011f will combine its powers with those of cloud computing and triumph over him . 
   fellow genociders etc who do you even mean . 
  syria : right now . 
  iraq : in 2007 . 
  cyprus : everyone after 1974 . 
  if you are talking about the mosul problem , i hope you are n't actually defending british imperialism . 
  also it was resolved peacefully . 
   that 's not what they say i live with them . 
  i grew up in a military area . 
  whoever you talked to on reddit , they do n't represent them , if that 's the impression you have . 
  while they do have some problems , those are different than the ones you think they have . 
  kurds = / = pkk . 
  i do n't give a fuck if they have their own country or not but the topic is not my opinion . 
  nobody is happy with the current situation . 
  people are open to dialogue with normal kurds in normal processes ( aka in parliament ) , not to terrorists . 
  he supplied both sides with stuff to balance them out . 
  you 'll have to excuse me if i think balance politics are less warmongering behavior than invading syria , iraq , cyprus . 
  the `` kemalists '' ( and this refers to about half of the chp voter base , which makes 15 % of the whole country , you should know ) would prefer it if we were not in syria at all . 
  they believe ypg is the sibling of pkk , which is not too wrong . 
  you ca n't say they are unrelated . 
  the occupied islands thing is bullshit imo but whatever . 
  just what do you suggest with regard to the pkk ? 
  nobody on either side is open to dialogue . 
  the way to solve the issue might have been through the hdp but that option is no longer available . 
  you ca n't ignore a hostile terrorist organization operating inside your borders . 
  warmongering ? 
  you 're misusing the word . 
  in fact i think he is among the most involved with our neighbors ' businesses . 
  if erdo\u011fan ruled in place of \u0130n\u00f6n\u00fc we 'd have joined ww2 the first chance he got . 
  [ more info ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2017/06/15/spying-prison-term-prompts-huge-protests-in-turkey ), 
  if only you had read the article . 
  they are not in a foreign country . 
  things were very different in 2009 . 
  also , if you ask any average turk , they 'll say `` the crisis was tangential to us '' , they wo n't even know about that . 
  some things are unavoidable . 
  and yes , of course a base year is required to set price levels , but anyone who took an econ 101 class knows they should n't pick a crisis year . 
  as you said , they could have picked any year , then why the only year with negative growth ? 
  ^ ^ ^ edit : ^ ^ ^ happy ^ ^ ^ cake ^ ^ ^ day, 
  what i mean has little to do with numbers we can see from sites . 
  behind the scenes , very `` interesting '' things happen to give the impression that everything 's alright , then we get things like the greek crisis . 
  for now , they see the growth is slowing down , but they ca n't have that made public , so they change calculation methods . 
   they 're not making things appear larger or smaller . 
  the numbers are just what they are . 
  i can see you 're not familiar with turkish statistics . 
  the numbers are what they want them to be . 
  i wish the site would tell us if this was the recalculated version . 
  it was last updated in 2015 , when the new methods were announced late in 2016 . 
  also i think you 're kind of missing the point . 
  i 'm not saying the economy is n't much larger than in 2009 , that 's a given , but i 'm saying t\u00dc\u0130k is making the growth seem much more than it actually is because they need everyone to expect ( and believe ) a certain growth when the reality is the growth has slowed down . 
  yes , of course it does . 
  btw your link does n't work because our statistics pages generally ca n't be linked ( it 's a huge pain , in addition to their unreliability ) but i can imagine what it says if you 're referring to gdp . 
  look at the growth after 2009 , even factoring in the post-crisis rebounding , that just does n't seem possible in context . 
  not even in the early 2000s did we have that kind of growth . 
  well it 's right there that it says 2009 = 100 and you can look up the numbers for the last few years . 
  i might write a bit more when i get on a computer, 
  that 's because they calculated it by taking 2009 as a base year when we contracted by about 4.7 % after the crisis . 
  so in reality it grew but not that much . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://tuik.gov.tr/prehaberbultenleri.do?id=24567 ) is the source for this news , firstly . 
  my problems with this are mostly summarized [ here ] ( http://www.mahfiegilmez.com/2016/12/gsyh-hesaplamas-degisti-kisi-basna.html ) but it 's in turkish . 
  in the last table , eski seri is the old way of calculation , yeni seri is the new one which moves around some things ( it 's not just using 2009 as a base year , the calculation methods are different . ), 
  as you can see there 's quite a difference . 
  the new method is n't all bad , but it should 've been better . 
  also , this growth does n't really translate to better quality of life or employment , but that 's a whole other topic . 
  ( i 'm still on mobile but it looks like i 'll get home way too late to write more . ), 
  as you probably know muslims fast from dawn to sunset in the lunar month of ramazan , which we are in right now . 
  the meal when they break their fast is called iftar . 
  here 's the [ wiki page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iftar ) just in case . 
  makes sense then, 
  if they were praying before iftar then what 's with the empty glasses ? 
  either they were n't fasting or the picture was taken much later for show . 
  they 're definitely rarer , but i 'd say at least one third of that percentage are of the first sort . 
  i see them sometimes , at least 10 a day if i 'm going out . 
  that 's accepted because it 's not real life . 
  imagine a book character , you might like them in the book but hate them if you met them . 
  also the people producing these shows are generally not the conservative ones . 
  the exported serials are even more likely to be like that . 
  and for example the serials that are exported to europe are n't all the same as the ones to arab countries . 
  all sorts are shown within turkey . 
  what do you mean by kissing ? 
  everyone kisses , it 's accepted , and in the context of the show it 's different from kissing in the middle of the street . 
  some people get angry about sex scenes sometimes , and i think a few times scenarists were pressured to make a couple marry .
