i see that no one has bothered to poll in bulgaria . 
  quite correctly , since support for the restoration of monarchy would be within the polls ' margin of error, 
   as a precondition for possible reunification , and only insofar as to say they would n't try to change it by force . 
  incorrect . 
  you can read the treaty [ here ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/treaty_of_warsaw_of_1970 ) and you can see that germany abandoned any claims against poland and promised not to make such claims in the future . 
   i would indeed seriously suggest returning the stolen territory to germany , and yes , i would call it illegitimate for as long as it 's held by poland . 
  and how is that going to happen ? 
  presuming that not a total hypocrite , this would mean giving a large polish inhabited territory to germany , which population most likely does n't want to become part of germany . 
  also , the great majority of germans do n't want the territory back . 
  i find it strange that you would consider it illegitimate even in germany does n't want it back . 
  also i 'm curious about whether when there are no germans left of those who were expelled after wwii , would it still be illegitimate for poland to hold the territory ? 
  because by this logic you could declare most borders would be illegitimate . 
  germany had already agreed to recognize the german-polish border in 1970 . 
  as for validating ethnic cleansing , this is a most dubious argument . 
  many changes in borders have involved ethnic cleansing and there obviously must be some time limit to trying to correct such past wrongs . 
  at some point you ca n't continue claiming that the former inhabitants have more legitimacy than the former inhabitants ( or most likely their descendants ) . 
  in any case , your position seems unsustainable . 
  i doubt that you would seriously suggest returning the territory to germany , so are they going to remain illegitimate in perpetuity ? 
  why do you consider poland holding those territories illegitimate in light of multiple treaties signed on the subject , most importantly the german-polish border treaty , especially article 2 and 3 ? 
  well , no government in the world ( including , most importantly , the german one ) does so , germany certainly does n't want it back and you 'll find that this is not at all a popular opinion here . 
  far from making this opinion more respectable , your holding it causes instead considerable doubts about your judgement and knowledge about the subject in question . 
  germany lost any moral right to holding eastern prussia after using it to provoke wwii and then for using it as forward base for its genocidal invasion of poland and the ussr . 
  the local population should n't have been expelled of course , but it 's understandable considering the situation after wwii . 
  incidentally , if northern east prussia had not been given to the ussr , it would have been given to poland instead and the german population would still have been expelled , as it happened to the ten million germans living in the rest of the so called `` recovered territories '' . 
  but for some reason no one considers poland 's possession of those territories illegitimate . 
  sixty million are a fantasy of solzhenitsyn . 
  the opening of soviet archives show that the ten million figure is far closer to the truth . 
  according from the report , the shells fired from west-south west . 
  yasne is almost directly due south , so it certainly could n't have come from there . 
  an interesting concept , but marred by the dreadful bias of the journalist . 
  the way she was polite and attentive in turkey , albania and bosnia but was deliberately provocative in serbia and bulgaria was disgusting . 
  are you serious ? 
  the embassy has obviously made this demand and yet you continue harping on about how russia is trying to turn europeans against turkey . 
  in reality , russia does n't need to do this at all - the turkish government is doing this quite well on its own , with this demand and others like it . 
  why exactly would the us have to worry what other countries think of their leaders ? 
  it 's not as if any country would actually allow this to affect their relations with the us . 
  and while i do n't know about denmark , in my country us diplomats have frequently intervened directly into internal politics . 
  it seems certain that there is reason to be concerned about what the us government thinks about our leaders . 
  this tactic about scaring europe with russia got old more than twenty years ago . 
   furthermore , few other countries have to worry about how their elected leader would be perceived by other countries . 
  i would say that a very large number of countries definitely have to worry how their elected leader would be perceived by the us . 
  and there are often real consequences for electing the `` wrong '' leader . 
  in comparison , people in other countries complaining about who the us elects has no consequence whatsoever . 
  today is the 140th anniversary of the april uprising which was crushed with enormous brutality by the ottomans . 
  this is probably fake . 
  it 's not supported by any serious source and the idea that individuals could be distinguished in this way is absurd . 
  also , why would the militsiya need this when all soviet citizens had internal passports with this information ? 
   the nazis had basically entered the country when the bulgarian government was given the option to join or fight . 
  bulgaria joined . 
  i mean i even said how the bulgarians fought in greece and serbia for the nazis . 
  the bulgarian government was pro-german well before that . 
  bulgaria even created its own [ anti-semitic laws ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_for_protection_of_the_nation ) before becoming a german ally . 
   i am sceptical the soviets punished their soldiers , bulgaria wasnt more special than romania or poland to them . 
  bulgaria had even joined ww1 on the opposite side so i dont see ground for sympathy to develop . 
  even many of the soldiers who participated in rapes in germany were executed . 
  in bulgaria the policy was far harsher . 
  and you 're completely wrong about bulgaria being no different from romania or poland . 
  bulgaria had not participated in the war against the ussr and had not resisted the soviet occupation . 
  and there is of course the fact that the soviet army was greeted far more warmly in bulgaria than in most other eastern european countries , plus there is the effect of the historical ties to consider . 
   it is an aggressive move , but a move that is called for . 
  russia has over and over again proven to be irrational . 
  absolutely nothing has shown that russia would be willing to attack western countries with nuclear weapons unless attacked first . 
  it 's irrational anti-russian propaganda to claim otherwise . 
   the russian people have been easily brain-washed by the government blaming everything on the west . 
  strange how that propaganda had never any effect until all nato and eu began condemning russia and imposing sanctions . 
  crazy view ? 
  as far as i know russia is hated and has always ( well , at least the last seventy years ) been in denmark and most other western european countries , so why should the russians like you ? 
  what 's surprising is for how long there was no reciprocation to this and the russians actually liked the eu . 
   the nazis invaded bulgaria false , bulgaria joined the nazis as allies . 
  there was no german invasion . 
   it was more them invading , raping and killing not really . 
  the soviet army was better behaved in bulgaria than in any other of the east european countries . 
  the few cases of violence against the civilian population were punished extremely harshly , including with summary executions . 
   i mean one side makes missiles called shield and the other sword . 
  if you had any clue about nuclear war strategy , you would have known that a country that has a shield against nuclear attack can launch a nuclear attack without fearing retaliation , completely upsetting the principle of mutually assured destruction , which is what largely prevented a war between 1945 and 1991 . 
  so in fact building a missile shield is an extremely aggressive move in the current circumstances . 
  the idea that the russia is different from the west has been cultivated in western countries for centuries without any interruption ( perhaps excluding wwii and the early part of the 1990s ) . 
  to blame the ussr and especially putin for this is ridiculous . 
   shopska salad is serbian . 
  [ balkan tourist ] ( https://books.google.bg/books?id=hywabgaaqbaj&amp;pg=pa451&amp;redir_esc=y#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false ) is also serbian , 
  there would be no unification without march 3rd . 
   1873 - count ignatiev lobbies for a special tribunal for the founder of the bulgarian internal revolutionary organisation in light of the false statements you 've made below , i would be interested in a source . 
   also , this war was not an act of kindness - bulgaria paid russia for its troubles . 
  far less than anything russia had lost in the prosecution of the war . 
  and this is discounting the human loses . 
   1885 - after the bulgarian unification russian diplomats convince serbia to invade bulgaria at a time when most of the bulgarian army was station near the ottoman border . 
  false , this was austria-hungary . 
  russia opposed the serbian invasion . 
   1908 - bulgaria declares independence from the ottoman empire ; in order to have them accept this , bulgaria is forced to pay russia 82m franks . 
  the payment was in return for russia forcing the ottomans to give up on the debts owed by bulgaria , also bulgaria never actually paid anything . 
   1913 - russia sides with serbia in the balkan wars not quite . 
  russia sided with the side that had been attacked first ( after warning that they would do so ) . 
   such as the rebranding of `` old bulgarian '' ( the language of the first and second bulgarian empires ) to `` old church slavonic '' . 
  very few scholars outside bulgaria would agree with the `` old bulgarian '' interpretation , not just russian ones . 
   the `` influence in the media '' section would have been much shorter if they simply listed the media which are not influenced by russia . 
  seriously , there are only a few of them . 
  the vast majority of media in bulgaria are strongly pro-american and anti-russian , you 'd have to be completely self deluded to think otherwise . 
  if russia is influencing most media , they 're doing a very bad job on this . 
  as for the media listed in this article , its influence is insignificant . 
  there is little interest in russian language media , ataka is a very minor political party and duma is perpetually struggling to survive .
