  an open call to extermination gets upvoted . 
  classical [ / r/europe ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe ) ... 
  actually merci is so common in bulgarian that it has nearly replaced the native word in colloquial usage . 
   historical circassian homeland is divided into 1 krai and 3 republics , and some parts of it is now included into a krai and a republic . 
  circassians are a minority inside the historical circassia , while just having a republic of their own and two shared republics with mountain turks , and that only republics is at the danger of being included into the krasnodar krai , and ethnic russians from the ukraine are resettling into that republic . 
  in all of these the russian proportion of the proportion of the population is declining , while the circassian is growing . 
  as for merging adygea in the krasnodar kray , the idea of merging federal subjects has been abandoned for several years and never affected republic , but only regions with lesser autonomy . 
  in any case , this has little to do with the preservation of the circassian language . 
  as far as i 'm aware , circassian is still the native language of nearly all circassians and is transmitted without interruption to the next generation , a situation about which most minority languages in western europe can only dream off . 
  for an obvious example , the vast majority of those who are projected to learn basque , are going to learn it only as a second language , use it little and most likely wo n't teach their children to speak it . 
   and russian federation is preventing return of circassians via various ways . 
  i doubt that there are many countries that would allows someone to immigrate because his ancestors lived there 150 years ago . 
   and where non-chechens were targets for warlords since they lack of clan support unlike chechens . 
  finally a bit of honesty about what kind of country the independent chechnya was . 
  is circassian really endangered ( or at least endangered in its homeland ) ? 
  not whitewashing the ottoman empire is not anti-turkism , it 's historical accuracy . 
  if bulgaria was actually ultra-nationalist , we would n't have accepted the eu quota or force the migrants to stay until their applications are processed rather than sending them on like the other balkan are doing . 
  not coincidentally , the bulgarian president vetoed the new election law that would have sharply limited voting abroad ( which mostly happens in turkey and is strongly manipulated by the turkish government ) . 
  i wonder whether there will be more payment for turkey 's agreement and what it will be . 
  it 's not perplexing when you consider that turkey 's patron the us is pushing hard for this . 
  and of course a huge new market for eu goods and lots of cheap labour to be exploited , so all the corporations are behind it . 
  the fact that the turkish government supports the party is true in any case , high ranking members have openly campaigned for dost . 
  except that he was n't talking about the party not being registered . 
  which would not make any sense in any case , seeing that the party was registered at the end of july : http://www.novinite.com/articles/175679/bulgarian+supreme+court+of+cassation+gives+the+green+light+to+registration+of+dost+party++%c2%a0, 
  yeah , otherwise the british would have taken it after the 1917 revolution and it would be now part of canada , 
   no shame . 
  these two are saying this and getting ready to make a government on the backs of the ethnic turkish party . 
  hundreds of busses with voters will come from turkey next week and the party of these two ( bsp ) relies on it to make a government . 
  your information is somewhat out of date . 
  turkey no longer supports dps , the two times coalition partner of bsp . 
  they now back dost which is friendly with the reformer 's block . 
   bulgaria 's problem is that its gon na reelect the communists ( bsp ) for the 6th time in the last 25years . 
  then we gon na ask why are we the poorest in the eu . 
  bulgaria has been ruled by economically right-wing parties for 18 out out of these 25 years . 
  for four of the other seven year bsp ruled with two parties and carried out right-wing economic policies ( that 's when the current flat tax was passed ) . 
  the last time a government supported by bsp was in power it was headed by a an economically right-wing economist . 
  so i 'm somewhat doubtful that one can blame bulgaria 's problems mostly on socialist ( no one of importance has supported communist policies since 1990 ) policies . 
  the report was not written by sarkozy . 
  the part that was taken from latvia ( which was smaller than the whole abrene district ) * was * mostly russian - about 85 % . 
  see [ here ] ( http://www.zagarins.net/jg/jg23/jg23_balodis.htm ) ( the diagram near the bottom ) . 
   russia was not affected by the stalin 's manmade famine , neither was belarus , because it was a genocide against ukrainians . 
  armed russian guards prevented fleeing ukrainians entering russia or belarus . 
  and no , cossacks were mixed ethnicity , who was probably more ukrainian , than russian . 
  cossackia was actually recognized as a separate ethnicity https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/captive_nations . 
  false . 
  the don area , kuban and parts of the volga basin were also affected by the famine . 
  as for the cossacks , they were a mixed population , but most identified as russians . 
  regarding the captive nations this was a political stunt , which had nothing to do with actual ethnology or linguistics . 
   `` in kharkiv , for example , the percentage of pupils enrolled in russian-language schools increased from 20 for 1932-3 school year to 39 by 1933-4 . 
  in kherson in the same period registration in russian schools grew from zero to 30 per cent . 
  it was charged that ` national-fascists , trotskyites and spies ... had attempted to push out the russian language from the curriculum of schools in order to prevent the ukrainian people from mastering the rich treasures of russian culture ' . 
  in 1938 russian was [ officially ] introduced as a compulsory subject from the second class onward , the number of hours devoted to the study of russian was greatly increased , and russian culture and literature courses were introduced '' so in two overhelmingly russian speaking cities the proportion of russian schools became slightly less underrepresented . 
  and in 1938 the de-facto official language of the country became a compulsory school subject . 
  neither of these measures can even remotely be considered persecution of the ukrainian language . 
  i 'm not a catalan nationalist , but i also think that you 're a xenophobe . 
  if you had said that this was typical eta behavior , this would be one thing , but what you actually said at least implies that all basques are terrorist . 
  large regions in russia were affected , so certainly many russians died . 
  and any cossacks are also russian by ethnicity . 
  and what ukrainian schools were closed ? 
  school ducation remained overwhelmingly ukrainian in the ukraine until the 1950s . 
  many russians also died during the famine which also affected southern russia . 
  the poor ones . 
  cmon , this whole situation beautifully shows how russia 's population loses it 's internal moral barriers . 
  how has russia lost its moral barriers if their actions caused a huge backlash ? 
  if that was actually true for the referendum , it would have passed with 99 % of the vote . 
  nothing weird actually . 
  the bulgarians in albania are right next to macedonia where most people until the 1940 were considered and considered themselves bulgarians . 
  the accusative and dative are used only for pronouns ( for example : \u043a\u043e\u0439-\u043a\u043e\u0433\u043e-\u043a\u043e\u043c\u0443 ) and as you can see the dative is nearly obsolete . 
  nouns only use nominative and vocative and the later is nearly obsolete , except in the case of masculine personal names . 
  this would be rather momchilgrad which unlike kardzhali actually has a turkish majority, 
   til taking territories by breaching international law `` makes sense '' if you have imported your own people into these territories . 
  this argument would make a lot more sense if the russians in crimea had arrived during the period between the occupation and the referendum - ie in violation of international law , rather than in most cases their ancestors arriving there decades or over a century earlier when crimea was undisputed part of russia/ussr . 
  relatively recent to what ? 
  the crimea has been russian since 1783 . 
  this is longer than most land borders existing today . 
  and russians have been the largest ethnic group there since at least wwi , which is longer than many groups in eastern europe , the balkans or the middle east . 
  also , there is no such thing as rights reserved to ethnic groups . 
  bulgarian has an additional vowel ( \u044a - pronounced similar to the english a in about ) , while it lacks two consonants that serbo-croatian has ( \u0107 and \u0111 ) . 
  another major difference is that nearly all consonant can be palatalized , but never word finally or before another consonant . 
  bulgarian also does n't have a syllabic r or a pitch accent . 
  downvoted for not including bulgarian . 
  especially considering how many minor languages they did include . 
   right , so when people present their opinions as facts and others dispute that , they are nazi apologists . 
  how did it go again `` everyone i do n't like is hitler '' ? 
  no , but people who think that people resisting the nazis should have been persecuted as if they were acting in a normal country with a normal government very much are . 
   aside from that , no , killing combattants while not wearing a uniform is illegal under international law . 
  the end . 
  false . 
  it is not illegal to fight without uniforms as long as [ certain requirements ] ( http://avalon.law.yale.edu/20th_century/hague04.asp ) are fulfilled . 
  incidentally , invading neutral countries * is * against international law . 
  i 'm frankly surprised by the number of nazi apologists who 've moved out of the woodwork to complain that the german occupation troops were not treated kindly by the local population . 
  unless you somehow imagine that the nazi occupation was lawful , it is ridiculous to attempt to use normal laws to defend the occupiers . 
  funny , but a lot of these are a joke , with the real etymology being very different . 
  for example \u0417\u0430\u0432\u0435\u0442 may also mean a place sheltered from the winds . 
  there would n't be enough place on the map . 
  when bsp and dps was last in power , they supported all anti-russian sanctions and enthusiastically so . 
   i want to see it demilitarized !, 
  would you agree for the baltic states be demilitarized as well ? 
  this would the only possible fair agreement for the demilitarization of kaliningrad oblast . 
  the part in russia contains the arkhangelsk and murmansk oblasts and the republics of karelia and komi .
