  genetically bulgarians are between the northern slavs and the greeks and other mediterranean people . 
  this sentence does n't at all sound like bulgarian . 
  it is somewhat irksome that while jeremic talks constantly about the western balkans , the title is about the balkans as a whole which is not the same thing . 
   its pomaks . 
  most of them are either killed or forced to flee to ottoman empire . 
  since at those times religious identity were far more important than your ethnical identity , so they were treated like turks , which means either massacred or forced to flee . 
  there arent much pomaks left in bulgaria now . 
  they either live in turkey or greece ( west thrace ) and mostly assimilated to turkish identity . 
  there were about three hundred thousand pomaks , according to a survey in the 1980s . 
  they are in fact the majority in several districts , including nearly everywhere before the balkan wars . 
  they certainly were not treated like turks and it 's not as if turks were massacred en masse either in bulgaria . 
  your information about them seems to be as distorted with propaganda as the rest of your knowledge about bulgaria . 
  the hungarian revolution was crushed by a romanian intervention . 
  there is practically no `` mongol '' admixture in bulgaria ( and the ancient bulgars , from what little is known about them , were n't exactly mongoloid either ) . 
  and bulgarians while not as white as northern europeans are not generally as dark as southern europeans either . 
  yes , but croatian had additional letters added to be able to written in the latin alphabet . 
  while all the macedonians who identified only as bulgarians in the 19th century can apparently be ignored . 
  only in turkey are turks considered the same thing as turkic peoples . 
  they most certainly are not . 
  also the bulgars did not come from the khazar khaganate , they fled after it conquered their previous homeland . 
  as for the supposed cuman ancestry of the first rulers of the second bulgarian kingdom , not only it is uncertain , but they were certainly not foreign by the time the kingdom was founded . 
   indeed , though iirc they 're being aggressively converted by orthodox priests . 
  it 's a shame , i 'd rather that the country secularize than do this . 
  if they want to convert to orthododoxy , why would it be a shame ? 
  you 're not claiming they 're being forced to convert ? 
  there was no such persecution during the balkan wars around ruse . 
  perhaps you mean the 1877-78 war ? 
  in any case , there certainly were n't hundreds of thousands of deaths - this is simply impossible considering the demographics of the region . 
  so if the routes for supplies were nonexistent , how exactly could an evacuation be carried out ? 
   the issue has n't been entirely settled in international law mostly because of hostile countries like russia wanting to avoid the persecuted indigenous peoples in its territory from getting any rights . 
  there is also the minor fact that your so called interpretation would hand over the americas to the natives , just to name the most obvious example not involving russia . 
  there is also the fact that the idea that some people could live in a certain territory for over a century and still have less rights due to their ethnicity is in stark contradiction to the modern concept of human rights . 
  there is the additional facts that there is no established cut-off point up to which original ownership is to be considered . 
  after all , there are very few places in which any group can claim to have lived there first . 
  even in the crimea , the tatars only arrived in the 13th century . 
   but really in your bright mind you would hand over estonia to russia if russia imported its people to estonia , who then would demand a right to self-determination over the minority estonians ? 
  because such a world view would be sickening . 
  vast areas of the had their demographic composition change over the last few centuries , many times by means we would consider today unjust . 
  this does n't mean that it would be a good idea to attempt to revert the effects of these changes . 
  frankly the idea that the opinion of today 's inhabitants have to be ignored in favor of centuries old claims * is * sickening . 
  as for estonia , their ability to disregard the opinion of the russian immigrants is based on their settlement happening after the establishment of international law prohibiting settlement in an occupied area and a dubious interpretation to regard the soviet era settlement in this way . 
  note however that even your country has been forced to accept that the russians settled before 1940 have the same rights as the ethnic estonians . 
  do you have any reputable source for your interpretation of who has the right of self-determination or is it just wishful thinking based on your hatred of russia ? 
  you ca n't seriously argue that people who have lived for such a long time in a region do not have the same rights as the indigenous inhabitants . 
  the russian people are as much as locals as the crimean tatars . 
  no international law exists which would treat them differently from the previous inhabitants . 
  i 'm not counting of course the russian troops occupying crimea , just the russians resident there . 
  the russians living in the crimea are not invaders since none of them are over 230 years old . 
  they 're not switching back to the arabic alphabet , though . 
  if he wanted to save his empire he would have easily crushed all independence movements ( in fact he would not have allowed them to arise in the first place ) . 
  as far as i know they have n't even proven that he ordered the january attacks in latvia and lithuania . 
   yeah okay but if you held stalin responsible for the famines of the soviet collectivization ( the non-deliberate ones too ) you add millions and millions more . 
  this figure includes the estimates of the famine . 
  similar to how the crimean tatars boycotted the referendum . 
  obviously the referendum suggested here is under fair conditions - where the russian troops will not be interfering ( not that they did so during so during the last referendum ) and the russian media is not putin 's media . 
  and the residency question can also be solved . 
  the problem is that ukraine could only agree on a referendum where it 's their army enforcing control and their propaganda bombarding crimea , since this is the only way they could win . 
  this is true to an extent , though keep in mind that this populism had its roots in the development in bulgaria after 1878 where peasants in bulgaria were neglected despite being the great majority of the population , being seen by the elites of the country as a resource to be squeezed in peacetime to support industrialization and armament and as canon fodder during war . 
  after those elites had let bulgaria into two disastrous wars , it was not surprising that they were rejected and replaced by people like stamboliyski who promised far ranging reforms to improve the lives of the peasant class . 
  yes , it is . 
  see my post explaining why . 
  stamboliyski was not a commie . 
  he was an agrarian , representing the peasant smallholders , then the majority of the population . 
  as such he could hardly find much common ground with the communist party . 
  he was in fact in conflict with the communists by the end of his government and they refused to support the rebellion which broke out after he was overthrown . 
  how dare you lie like that ? 
  did you really think that no bulgarian would come here to expose your ridiculous falsehoods ? 
  stamboliyski , who persecuted the communists , a marxist ? 
  did you forget that the communists [ refused to join the rebellion that broke after the coup ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aleksandar_stamboliyski#the_coup_d.e2.80.99.c3.a9tat_of_9_june_1923_and_the_murder_of_stamboliyski ) , which ensured its failure ? 
  collaborationist ? 
  with whom exactly ? 
  as for him being authoritarian , you seem to have overlooked that he was democratically elected , very much unlike the coupists who overthrew him . 
  as for his brutal murder , how can you call it execution for treason ? 
  stamboliyski had not committed any acts of treason , and even if he had , he did not face any trial . 
  he was [ simply tortured and murdered ] ( https://books.google.bg/books?id=togxvhtlxg4c&amp;pg=pa1721&amp;dq=stamboliyski+14.+june+farm+hand&amp;hl=en&amp;ei=82z9tiz5msmj4qaf572bbg&amp;sa=x&amp;oi=book_result&amp;ct=result&amp;redir_esc=y#v=snippet&amp;q=stamboliyski%20%20farm&amp;f=false ) by a bunch of bandits without any judicial process . 
  as happened to many of those attempted to bring down the bloody regime of aleksander tsankov , the destroyer of bulgarian democracy and who terrorized the country for three years . 
  and what celebration ? 
  there is of course no official celebration of this coup , since stamboliyski is generally regarded positively in modern bulgaria for his efforts to recover bulgaria from the disaster of the first world war and improve the life of rural bulgarians . 
  he is certainly criticized for many of his controversial decisions , but very few would agree that the people who replaced him were not far worse . 
  stamboliyski might have abused the political system to win more power , but as i said already he was democratic elected . 
  he did not destroy the opposition or drown the country in blood like his successor did.the only people celebrating are the far-right , like you , who are quick to accuse of being communist anyone who is n't an extreme nationalist or to the left of the center . 
  you should be ashamed for spreading false information like this . 
  they also tried to poison him with dihydrogen monoxide . 
  you 're assuming that the kind of reforms the eu were pushing would actually improve living standards in ukraine , or at least it would do so in less than about 15 to 20 years . 
  judging by the experience in my country , it is quite possible it would not . 
  you 're also forgetting that russian has also been hurt by sanctions imposed due to the war . 
  why are you assuming that ukraine would have experienced better economic growth than russia ? 
  it certainly did n't happen after the orange revolution . 
  also , even if economic growth was higher ( and had led to higher living standards , which is not necessarily the same ) , it would be dampened by the strongly anti-russian attitude of the post-maidan government . 
  no one wants to take example from someone who obviously hates you . 
  when you were invading soviet territory , imprisoning the local population in camps and assisting the german blockade of leningrad , were you also on the good side ? 
  your country lost any moral high ground it might have had when it turned from regaining its lots lands into assisting the german efforts to destroy the soviets . 
  your country 's existence seems to be an argument against this . 
  look up the russia : nato military budget ratio before making such jokes . 
  why is he speaking in swedish ? 
  did the real mannerheim also preferably spoke in swedish ? 
  he was a dictator . 
  there was certainly something to witnesses , there is no doubt that organ harvesting happened . 
  the only question is how widespread it was and that is difficult to check , considering how most witnesses are unlikely to be willing to talk . 
  `` he said there were `` compelling indications '' that `` a few individuals were killed with the intention of extracting their organs '' by kla fighters . '',
