  our government has finally grown a resemblance of a spine !, 
  now only if they can prove that this was n't a fluke and throw out some of the more high ranking turkish agents masquerading as diplomats . 
  someone has been nostalgic about the good old days of the cold war and has invented a new version of the fulda gap , though that at least had some credibility . 
  incidentally , the lithuanian minority in the region is insignificant ( about six thousand from a total population of 120 thousand ) . 
  if the russians were to attempt to use the ethnic situation in their favor , they would have more luck in playing up the historically belorussian ancestry of a large part of the local population . 
  but even this is quite far-fetched . 
  the goryani were an extremely minor movement whose importance has been greatly exaggerated ( especially the armed resistance part ) . 
  there was little opposition against the communist regime because it was far too popular . 
  not in bulgaria , were the communist party was often the second strongest party during the time it was allowed to operate legally and had organized a rather significant resistance movement for an axis country . 
  this is an absurd exaggeration of well . 
  the people executed by the `` people 's court '' had supported the pre-1944 regime of bulgaria ( of course most had little or any responsibility for the crimes of that regime ) , this has nothing to do with whether they were willing to express they thought . 
  also you seem to forger that the regime before 1944 also persecuted people who were willing to express thoughts the regime disliked . 
  he was executed by the imro ( which at this point was more of a terrorist organization than a revolutionary one ) , but it 's obvious that they were just carrying out orders either of new [ prime minister ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aleksandar_tsankov ) ( called the bloody professor for his rule of terror ) or the bulgarian king himself . 
  also , note that stambolyiski opposed bulgaria 's participation in wwi , which lead to a catastrophic defeat and the above mentioned catastrophic peace treaty which the prime minister at the time has absolutely no choice but to sign ( bulgaria was occupied by entente troops ) . 
  his murder is supposed to have been motivated by him signing the [ treaty of ni\u0161 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_ni%c5%a1_%281923%29 ) which would have required bulgaria to help in the persecution of imro . 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  there is absolutely no evidence that that any communists except the actual arsonist ( who was dutch , not bulgarian ) was involved in the reichstag fire . 
  the attempt to prove the involvment of the communists , either german or international ( chief among them dimitrov ) ended in complete fiasco and there is still a widely supported version that the nazis were responsible for the arson themselves , since they were the once who benefited from it . 
   rayko aleksiev who was beaten to death by the current unesco director-general 's father in november 1944 , but was only sentenced in march 1945 . 
  this was suggested as a possible explanation for aleksiev 's death , but there is no actual evidence it happened and it is unlikely , considering where bokov 's location at the time of the murder . 
  i find this attitude far more understandable than being a loyal communist while the communists where in power and then becoming a passionate anti-communist . 
  the baltic tribe that resisted christianity was destroyed and replaced by germans . 
  it had nothing do with the pre-1945 inhabitants of east prussia . 
  he 's correct . 
  for example , a former komsomol ( communist youth organization ) activist is the president of bulgaria . 
   except for a ** few compact areas ** , most them were ethnically cleansed during the first balkan war . 
  this is an unusual way to refer to what is pretty much entire are of the southern rhodopes which is still predominantly , if not overwhelmingly muslim . 
  as it was before the balkan wars , unlike the rest of the territory taken from the ottoman empire . 
  so your claims about massive ethnic cleansing seems to be at best significantly exaggerated . 
  no , under the principle of innocent passage peaceful traffic ca n't be hindered even when traveling through foreign territorial waters . 
  this seems a strange decision since elbl\u0105g is hardly a significant port ( for example , it 's not on [ this fairly extensive list ] ( http://www.marinetraffic.com/en/ais/index/ports/all/page:1/flag:pl/per_page:20 ) ) and it 's so shallow that only ships with a [ draft of less than 1.5 m ] ( http://www.polfracht.pl/polfracht/psal/localinf/elb/portelb1.htm ) can use it . 
  this attitude makes me even more likely to vote for him . 
  leaving aside the fact that that serfdom was abolished in russia in 1861 , `` freedom '' in bulgaria meant little when for most bulgarians neither life nor property were secure under a system where they had no protection or recourse against the depredation of the capricious government ( especially the local one ) or any powerful muslim subject of the empire . 
  for example , the behavior of the circassians who were settled in bulgaria and the inability ( or unwillingness ) of the ottoman administration to rein them in is considered one of the main reasons for the april uprising . 
  what has this to do with russia ? 
  this is a minister in the pro-western government calling for further eu integration . 
  the us and eu stooge borisov choosing another candidate because plevneliev was too anti-russian ? 
  tell your fantasies elsewhere where there is no one to contradict . 
  you can be certain that all the anti-russian statements plevneliev made were on the instigation of borisov , so that he could avoid making them himself . 
   now show me one romanian from hungary , ukraine , serbia or bulgaria who does n't speak the local language . 
  there is the difference in scale to consider . 
  romanian minorities in neighboring countries are much smaller and less concentrated than hungarian ones in romania . 
  for example , while i doubt that many romanian speakers in bulgaria do n't know bulgarian ( though that was n't uncommon in the past ) , many turks - a much bigger minority - ca n't speak bulgarian . 
  i agree with you . 
  unfortunately we ca n't afford to be neutral with turkey as a neighbor . 
  yes , i 'm not surprised that former nazi collaborators have this absurd view . 
  and if you 're going to make comparisons with the ss , make it with their equivalent in the ussr , the nkvd . 
  that at least at makes sense , though the nkvd do n't even come close to the ss in terms of the death toll . 
  it 's not , since israel is there . 
  not one mention of the crimes commited by the supporters of bandera !, 
  but what else can one expect from a columnist with the kiiv post . 
  and he claim that russia has protested the removal of statues of lenin and especially to stalin is completely wrong . 
  what russia has protested has been the removal or vandalism of monuments honoring the red army . 
   everyday language in southern serbia ie western bulgarian , 
   there 's a house in ossetia who 's entrance was blocked by cooked of turret of georgian tank . 
  they cut a passage through , but removing that turret was too expensive . 
  it 's still there . 
  evidence ? 
   more facts : russian forces assembled for drills right in the time and place where `` georgians attacked first '' . 
  so did the georgians . 
   it was a provocation ran by ossetian proxies . 
  they indiscriminately shelled georgian village til the point georgians had to respond . 
  and again , the georgians were also constantly shelling before the start of the war . 
  if ukraine is very lucky , they might have a chance in 20 years . 
  ukraine 's pm is either an idiot or a liar . 
  still , it does n't mean he was senile . 
   during his trial he was just saying how the court was not legal . 
  the court was n't actually legal . 
  i do n't think there 's much dispute about this . 
  the soviet occupation of bulgaria ended in 1947 . 
  if anyone was controlling the church it would have been the local communists . 
  how much they controlled it is debatable considering that the bulgarian church often had disagreements with the russian even then . 
  as for the patriarch of georgia , he 's the same person who joined a demonstration against the soviet rule and then denied the russian claims about atrocities in south ossetia . 
  if he 's really a kgb agent , he 's doing a very bad job of being an agent . 
  the bulgarian church has its own bad history with the ecumenical patriarchy , no need to invent bizarre conspiracy . 
  and the idea that the georgian and antioch churches are allies of russia is even more ridiculous . 
  the conflict in donbass does n't actually benefit russia : 1 . 
  russia is required to subsidize the donbass area . 
  large number of refugees have entered russia due to the conflict 3 . 
  the imposition of sanctions due to the conflict 4 . 
  loss of russian influence due to the separation of the most pro-russian part of ukraine . 
  and as for further conflicts , outside of ridiculous paranoia about the baltic states , there is no chance of any further conflicts . 
  and engaging in war in ukraine will not be benefiting anyone . 
  i have a suspicion that this was just an excuse to deny a donation from a president he dislikes . 
   also whilst we 're at it why do n't we mention all the opposition journalists who get bumped off on a regular basis and the fsb agents who got caught planting bombs under apartment buildings . 
  explosives which failed to explode when tested . 
  but this part is usually omitted . 
  since ukraine needs good relations with western europe , including netherlands , far more than they need good relations with you , perhaps your country should start on improving relations by giving back the stolen paintings . 
  the countries covered by nato 's collective security are the countries actually in nato . 
  nato has no business engaging in foreign wars . 
  have you actually read the [ budapest memorandum ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/ukraine._memorandum_on_security_assurances ) ? 
  it contains no guarantees that us and the uk would provide security to ukraine . 
  stop spreading bs . 
  nope . 
  they are only obliged not to infringe on ukraine 's territorial integrity themselves . 
  also they must not interfere in ukraine 's internal affairs , which they violated when they helped overthrow yanukovich . 
   we only ask for the majority albanian areas back , nothing else ( even though it will never happen ) . 
  no you do n't . 
  unless cities like [ podgorica , novi pazar , leskovac , skopje , bitola , ohrid and ioannina ] ( https://turkeymacedonia.files.wordpress.com/2010/08/greater-albania.gif ) are secretly albanian . 
  this is true of nearly all of the ethnic groups in the world , but it 's not actually true about most of the slavs .
