  of course proving this happens in large numbers in large numbers is difficult what with the intimidation of witnesses , but there is no doubt that it happened . 
  http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/kosovo-liberation-army-organ-trafficking-report the only disputed question is the scale on which organ theft happened . 
  the organ theft in kosovo actually happened , unlike the massacres caused by vucic , which you invented here on the spot for a nice bit of whataboutism . 
  what is cahors ? 
  these are ethnic turks . 
  because he was traveling in an obviously non-military plane and the air defense was very reluctant to shoot airspace violators after the kal 007 incident . 
  and in the presence of british troops !, 
  a free and fair referendum already implies this . 
  and this has been proposed by russian opposition figures , who presumably oppose those laws . 
  no , the real reason a free and fair referendum is impossible is because no foreign observers would be able to attend , because ukraine will never allow them to attend . 
  and this is because ukraine could never support a referendum since they know very well that they can not win it . 
  bulgarian is south slavic . 
   when we are in war there should be no way that citizens intentionally or unintentionally provide information , intel and/or other directly to agressor . 
  in light of this , when can we expect ukraine to close its border with russia and impose a travel ban on ukrainians visiting russians , as well as russians visiting ukraine ? 
  seems like a legend . 
  he is supposed to have achieved a much better glide ratio ( length traveled divided by descent ) than a modern glider while using eagle wings ? 
  not possible . 
  and i suppose they 're tired of australia full stop . 
  is there actually any evidence that this was done on his orders ? 
  if there , why has n't lithuania attempted to indict him ? 
   ** what a deluded statement ** . 
  stalin and his rule was much worse than hitler could have ever been . 
  the `` victory '' of one power over another brought millions of deaths , and then brought misery and pain over half of europe for decades . 
  and the cold war . 
  back to you . 
  are you seriously going to claim that what happened in eastern europe was worse than generalplan ost ? 
  the bolsheviks lost the only [ fair election ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_constituent_assembly_election,_1917 ) held after the october revolution . 
  and they received a lower percentage than the nazis received in 1932 . 
   nazis would have lost the war even without soviet push into europe , western allies would defeat them sooner or later . 
  so nazis would never '' win '' regardless , even if they defeated soviets on the eastern front . 
  perhaps , though it would have involved usage of multiple nuclear bombs and the nazis would have the opportunity to kill many more millions , perhaps tens of millions . 
  and it 's always possible that they would have given up on fighting a germany that controlled nearly all of europe , it was not a matter of life or death for them . 
  from what i read here , the opinion of the bornholmers was divided about the soviets and most soviet troops were not involved in crimes . 
  so i do n't think it 's entirely fair to dismiss them as `` conquerors '' . 
  incidentally your source does not mention lots of group rapes . 
  the german did not have plans to exterminate and enslave the population of western europe . 
  if you ignore everyone but the jews killed in the holocaust and accept the speculative figures that were popularized during the cold war , yes but not if the accurate figures are compared . 
  let 's not forget them , but let 's not exaggerate either . 
  the victims of stalin 's regime were between 10 and 14 million in thirty years ( see , for example the `` black book of communism '' , hardly a pro-soviet source ) . 
  hitler on the other caused the deaths of between 20 and 25 million in six years and he came nowhere near to completing his plans . 
  i note that lithuania still exists , which it would not have done if the nazis had won . 
  hitler would have started a war anyway . 
  he was after all bitter about chamberlain preventing a war in 1938 , no way he would have passed up an opportunity to invade poland in 1939 . 
  the poles by the way did not want the ussr to send any troops on their territory , so if the soviets did not `` start a war '' , the result would have been the german conquest of the whole of poland , followed more than likely by the conquest of the baltic states, 
   tsarist russia liberated us from the ottoman empire , pursuing its interests in the balkans true . 
  but when in world history has anyone liberated another country for altruistic motives ? 
  at least russia 's interests included an independent bulgaria , while the interests of the other great powers required bulgaria remaining under ottoman rule . 
  and of course , tens of thousands of russian soldiers died during the war and many were probably motivated by the idea that they were fighting to liberate their slavic brothers . 
  this should n't be forgotten or denied . 
   ( and later backed serbia attacking us after the unification of 1885 ) . 
  this at least is wrong . 
  at the time austria was a serbian client state and it was they who stopped the bulgarian advance after the victory of slivnitsa . 
  russia opposed the serbian invasion . 
   russia deserves every ill brought to them by history and more . 
  would you be willing to apply the same criteria to your country , considering that your country 's armies invaded the ussr without any reason , where they became notorious for their brutality ? 
   and destroy soviet positions and infrastructure that was used against finland in the first place . 
  nice euphemism for seizing soviet territory ( the same territory which finland had already attempted to seize during the russian civil war ) while helping the nazis . 
  i suppose sending the local civilian population to concentration camps , where a large proportion of them died , also counts as `` destroying soviet positions and infrastructure '' . 
  also keep in mind the great effort by the polish state to assimilate these minorities after wwii . 
  source ? 
  i 'm sure you can provide plenty of sources about the long history and present day existence of eastern orthodox and greek catholic ethnic poles . 
  poles as in citizens of poland ? 
  yes and i suspect this is how the discrepancy arose . 
  poles as ethnic poles ? 
  not really , considering that there were n't any before the censuses and there are n't any today . 
  the orthodox living today in poland are ethnic ukrainians and belorussians . 
  not sure if you 're sarcastic or not , but vilnius region was definitely majority polish ( and the main minorities were belarussians and jews , not lithuanians ) . 
  the rest of the voivodeships who were east of today 's border were not majority polish . 
  the census was manipulated . 
  many ukrainians and belarussians were recorded as poles . 
  this is why there suddenly appeared orthodox poles in this census ( tarnopol voivodship was 54 % greek catholic and only 36 % roman catholic in the 1931 census ) . 
  according to a polish historian , the poles were actually a minority in nowogr\u00f3dek voivodship , with belarussians and ukrainians forming a majority of about 58 % . 
  if you 're going to post a story from behind a paywall , you should provide the full text of the article in the comment section . 
  no information about the estonian ss units committing war crimes . 
  however , estonian volunteer police battalions were raised starting from 1941 and they guarded concentration camps and were employed in counterpartisan operations in russia , belorussia and poland , were they committed substantial war crimes ( for example , the 288th estonian police battalion burned down 30 belorussian villages ) . 
  these police battalions were later merged with the newly raised ss divisions , so they were almost certainly war criminals among the estonian ss troops . 
  [ ahem . 
  your country 's constitution completely prohibits such laws . 
  by your logic , the us refuses to acknowledge genocides . 
  how many of the arrested were from russia ? 
  and often the german soldiers did it on their own initiative , since punishment for crimes against civilians had been abolished and they were indoctrinated to consider the slavs subhuman . 
  no wonder they were fighting so hard once they were losing the war . 
   then we have conflicting maps . 
  as you see , that whole region was serbian speaking territory . 
  the difference is that your map was made by a serbian ethnographer , while the one szkwarek linked to was made by a french one . 
  and nearly all maps published by neutral researchers agree with him . 
  i should also mention that modern serbian ethnographers do n't really agree with the assertion that western bulgaria was actually serbian . 
   as for macedonian nation , they 're a mix of serbians and bulgarians . 
  before vuk karadzic 's language reform , serbian language was very similar to bulgarian - thus macedonians have a language closer to modern bulgarian , while in fact it is a mix of bulgarian and pre-reform serbian . 
  this might have been true of the official language that existed at the time , but not of the spoken language on which karadzic based his reform . 
  the modern humans had not even left africa at the time and you are claiming that the circassians were already living in circassia ? 
   sochi has been inhabited for more than a hundred thousand years , by circassians and their ancestors . 
  at this point it 's rather obvious that arguing with you is pointless . 
  nationalist mythomania from smaller nations is not especially more interesting than that from big nations . 
  your figure would mean that more muslims died or fled bulgaria than lived there in the first place . 
  in reality , the number of muslims who fled bulgaria was about 130 thousand ( r. j. crampton , * bulgaria * ) . 
   now nobody needs to be a nationalist ( i 'm not a nationalist either ) to say sochi was a circassian city since it was the last circassian capital and been circassian since the beginning of the history . 
  sochi was not even a city before the circassians were expelled from there . 
  it would be the same as to call new york a native american city . 
  as for the united states , most of its territory used to be native american land .
