  it 's amusing that the author had to resort to singling out volgin , probably the only popular personality to speak in favor of russia and whose shows have been halved as an evidence of russian influence . 
  and the fact that author thinks that opposite viewpoints are heard on bulgarian television ( far less often than the author implies ) is somehow a sign of russian influence says a lot about the objectivity and aims of this article . 
  the stripes mean that the language is not a majority in the region but occurs intermittently . 
  and regarding the slavic minority , it 's undeniable that they are substantial number of speakers in the region . 
  for example , slavic speakers were [ estimated to be 64 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/florina_%28regional_unit%29#demographics ) of the rual population in florina prefecture ( 16 % of the total ) in the 1990 and i doubt they have vanished since then . 
  there are also substantial slavic speaking populations in pella and kastoria . 
  i do n't think the truth can harm you . 
  and the fact that the romanian word is not descended from the latin mundus , but originates from a word with the same meaning as those used in slavic languages , seems to make it much more likely that slavic influence was more important here than latin . 
  also russian is not the only slavic language and most likely the one that influenced romanian most . 
  perhaps you should be more suspicious of bulgarophiles , 
   ataka underperformed during the last elections , but prior to that it used to get more than 10 % of the vote . 
  when bsp and dps were in power together , the country had a very pro-russian policy , especially under parvanov who was elected with the votes of bsp and the dps electorate . 
  ataka seem to have declined since it ceased being an ultra-nationalist party and became mainly a pro-russian one . 
  this is mostly a coincidence , but it shows that russian influence has been little help for them . 
  as for bsp and dps , can you actually show an important decision they made against the interests of the us or the eu ? 
   it is precisely the decision by other parties to exclude ethnic turks , that is leading to the encapsulation . 
  if other parties were open to ethnic minorities , people would love for them , as nobody likes the current feudal-like system that dps is promoting . 
  even in kardzhali , which is predominantly turkish , gerb and bsp have only ethnic bulgarians . 
  other parties do n't exclude turks , it is simply the fact that few turks have a chance outside of the dps due to their total dominance in predominantly turkish areas . 
  as for kardzhali , it has a bulgarian population of about 40 % . 
  why should they be unrepresented ( since it 's obvious that the dps majority there could n't care less about them ) ? 
  so you accuse me of believing in rumors , then propose a conspiracy theory based mainly on rumors . 
  but even if mestan felt threatened , his choice of refuge is highly suggestive - and not suggestive in any direction you would like . 
   not without sanction . 
  mestan has been regularly fined for daring to speak in turkish . 
  source ? 
  and has he actually paid any of the fines ? 
   do you know the fellow in this picture ? 
  that 's right , he is the leader of a political party represented in parliament , and he is not even hiding his obvious ties with the kremlin . 
  russia has one openly pro-russian party ( ataka ) that is not even hiding its true nature , and two others ( bsp and dps ) that are not so obvious but still back russia in key moments . 
  russia has tremendous influence in the country , and to deny that is closing your eyes to the truth . 
  a political party that barely entered parliament and is not taken seriously by any of the other parties . 
  yes , we should panic already . 
  as for the dps and bsp , whenever they have been in power since 2001 , they have never failed to support the pro-american side when necessary . 
  at best you could claim that the bsp has occasionally tried to play a policy of balance between the west and russia , but they 've never chosen russia when forced to choose . 
  and if russia has tremendous influence in the country , then they 've been wasting it completely considering how they never get their way on anything important and how bulgaria has become the closest us `` ally '' in the region . 
   you claim that turks have the same rights , and yet you declare their participation in the political process unconstitutional . 
  are ethnic minorities supposed to stay out of parliament ? 
  if you are going to judge a political party to be unconstitutional based on the ethnic composition of its members , then are parties that are exclusively composed of ethnic bulgarians , also unconstitutional , or does that label apply only to ethnic turks ? 
  the constitution is very clear about parties based on ethnicity not being permitted . 
  this however does n't prevent at all participation in politics . 
  in fact turkish participation in politics would be greater if other parties had the incentive of competing for their votes rather than giving them up due to the power of dps . 
  as for dps , it 's not the exclusivity of their membership , but rather that this is a party that is dedicated solely to the interests of one ethnic group . 
  considering the past behavior of the turkish authorities in connection with these exile organizations , such a behavior is not surprising at all , but i guess you 're not going to accept anything that does n't fit your preconceived notions . 
  as for mestan , believe what you will , but there is no doubt that his first instinct was to [ run to the turkish embassy ] ( http://www.dnevnik.bg/bulgaria/2016/01/07/2681442_versiiata_na_mestan_za_prestoia_mu_v_turskoto_posolstvo/ ) . 
  or that erdogan tried to call borisov about mestan in the [ middle of the night ] ( https://www.24chasa.bg/article/5210340 ) . 
  even ignoring all the additional information about the activities of the turkish diplomats , this should lead to a very obvious conclusion ,  we need a party that will be a true defender of minority rights in bulgaria . 
  i wonder what minority rights exactly need to be defended in bulgaria . 
  the right to use mother language in manifestations is certainly not one of them , considering how often the prohibition to use them is blatantly disregarded without any sanction . 
   you only focus on turkish and american interference , but you never address russian interference in the country . 
  why is that ? 
  because russian interference is minimal in comparison with us , eu and turkish interference . 
  the prime minister does n't consult the russian ambassador before every important decision like he does with the us ambassador , the bulgarian economy is mostly oriented to the eu and bulgaria is subject to myriad eu regulations , not to mention eu monitoring . 
  and turkey has multiple ways of influencing bulgaria , starting from the dominance of their media among ethnic turks , their control of the organizations of the exiled bulgarian turks and finally their diplomats who all too ready to openly interfere in bulgarian internal affairs . 
  russia has absolutely nothing that is even remotely comparable . 
   turks in bulgaria are secular minded people and they do not support erdogan or the ottoman empire . 
  all they want is to live in a pro-western country that respects human rights , and to be treated as equal citizens rather than being relegated to second class people who have no say in the politics and governance of their country . 
  the bulgarian turks have these rights now . 
  however there are some among them who seem to think that they deserve to have a disproportional , even leading role in the governance of bulgaria . 
  chief amongst them are dogan , mestan and their followers in the unconstitutional mrf . 
  these are the people who are mainly responsible for the ethnic tension in the country . 
   i am not a supporter of erdogan , and no i am not going anywhere . 
  if you have a problem with that , you are more than welcome to go join mother russia . 
  if you 're not a supporter , then you should n't support his protege mestan either . 
  especially considering the kind of [ measures ] ( http://www.standartnews.com/balgariya-politika/136_natiskani_za_dost_kato_pri_vazroditelniya_protses-323199.html ) erdogan has been using to build mestan 's new party . 
  nice to see that you 've run out of arguments so that you 're resorting to straw-man attacks . 
  of course it 's always possible that you 're ignorant enough to not understand that diplomats have certain standards of conduct which they must uphold or risk expulsion . 
  or perhaps you think that turkish diplomats are actually colonial governors and may do whatever they like on the other hand you are giving a very good impression of the turkish nationalists ataka likes to straw-man , what with your boundless arrogance ( `` we will ensure '' ?! ) . 
  and perhaps you could explain how exactly we can be natural allies with an ultra-nationalist turkey that is still nostalgic and unrepentant about its ottoman past . 
  this seems more like the profile of a natural enemy , which is what most bulgarians consider your favorite country . 
  and nice joke about the bsp and dps being pro-russian though , what with them being leading a staunchly pro-american government when they were in power . 
  the idea that being exposed as pro-russian will destroy them is almost as funny , as is the idea that you can eliminate pro-russian feelings in bulgaria this easily ( especially when you consider what that if people with your kind of thinking became more influential , there would be a natural pro-russian reaction ) . 
   the guy is basically saying that the eu will fall apart , and that russia is going to take over . 
  if one did not know who he is , one would think he is a spokesperson of the kremlin as he uses the same talking points that putin does . 
  the absurdity of it all is that none of the electorate that supported his party would ever take a pro-putin stance ever . 
  i see that you do n't like painful , but true information like the fact that the whole eu project is in serious trouble , even if it would be obvious to any one who has followed the news over the last two years . 
  easier to blame the messenger , i guess . 
   if bulgaria had any spine it would first throw away the pro-russian agents that the secret service is full of and that have been blatantly interfering in the internal affairs of the country , and using it as their trojan horse in the eu and nato . 
  the pro-russian element is so strong in parties like ataka , bsp , and dps , that those parties would rather defend the national interests of moscow rather than their own country as became evident during the south stream project ; in fact they would gladly allow bulgaria become a danubian principality of the russian federation . 
  the fantasy world you live in must be quite an interesting place , containing so much that is absent in the real world , like a bulgaria that is not a us satellite , a bulgarian mainstream party that is not pro-american and one where the threat of a russian invasion is actually real and not just the ravings of people like plevneliev . 
   as for the allegation that mestan is an islamist close to erdogan , one only needs to look at him and his family , in order to see how ridiculous such an allegation is . 
  he is a very secular person . 
  you 're the first one to call mestan an islamist . 
  he 's not an islamist . 
  however he is certainly a person whose first instinct is to run to erdogan for help . 
   bulgaria needs to cut its ties with russia once and for all , and it needs to be firmly embedded in the structures of the eu and nato . 
  yes , i 'm sure that it 's annoying you that your real homeland ( either one ) is not fully in control of bulgaria . 
   they see it as having a fairly corrupt/unfriendly government an american who has actually extensive connections to the balkans is unlikely to consider bulgaria anything but a consistently slavishly pro-american country , for the last twenty years at least . 
  why do n't you switch to a turkish or american flag ? 
  mestan is the foreign agent and the last thing that bulgaria needs is for erdogan to have him as his lackey leading the main turkish ethnic party in the country . 
  dogan is taking the common sense position . 
  considering that the vast majority of ethnic bulgarians would take the side of russia in a russian-turkish conflict , it is very unwise for a leader of a party that is supposed to be primarily concerned with the interests of the turkish minority in bulgaria ( rather than with being erdogan 's bulgarian spokesman ) to make such inflammatory statements as mestan did . 
  i would also advise you to learn the meaning of a word before using it . 
  for example , `` nationalist '' is a ridiculous exaggeration in this context , since any self-respecting country would throw out diplomats who have interfering as blatantly in its internal affairs as so many turkish diplomats have done since december ( i 'm not going to dignify the preposterous accusation of dogan being a russian agent with a response ) . 
  the fact that bulgaria has taken so long to do so and has expelled only a minor diplomat shows how pervasive is the influence of turkey even today . 
  keep in mind that i 'm no fan of dogan either . 
  he is indeed hideously corrupt and deeply involved in organized crime and the mrf has played a negative role in bulgarian politics and inter-ethnic relations under his leadership . 
  but sometimes one has to take the lesser evil . 
  plus , mrf being weakened by a strife between dogan and mestan can only be good in the long term . 
  wow !,
