no they did n't , check the [ article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lehi_\\ ( group \\ ) ) , it 's fucked up : `` israel granted a general amnesty to lehi members on 14 february 1949 . 
  in 1980 , israel instituted a military decoration in `` award for activity in the struggle for the establishment of israel , '' the lehi ribbon . 
  former lehi leader yitzhak shamir became prime minister of israel in 1983 . '', 
  convenient is n't it ? 
  hard to know , i 'm guessing we 'll never quite be sure . 
  seems like they escorted it out . 
  they ordered media to stay 10km away and restricted the airzone , possibly to give secure passage out to sea . 
  it is . 
  reports say that the incident levels are back to cold war levels , whilst it was considerably lower for many years . 
  the perfect weapon . 
  woul n't want to have safety now would we ? 
  that why we keep using gaz so that our families can cash in on our life insurance . 
  i 'd buy that sweet norwegian oil . 
  if the ukrainian government requested it , could we ( the eu ) go there to support them ? 
  we do have battlegroups on standby for these kinds of missions . 
  putin is russia , if you ask putin . 
  if you oppose russia , well sorry to tell you but you 're a fascist . 
  depends on the french this time . 
  we could , though i bet people would cry out in the media about it . 
  getting a work visa is no problem for you though . 
  sell the mistral to the swedish navy , we need that shit . 
  not only safe , they where authorized by both ukranian and russian state in beforehand , as with evry civilian flight that passes through . 
  do n't forget that they 're a part of the future development , brazil could probably rid it of many american dependencies with it 's huge airplane industry . 
  it 's dc too . 
  i guess the logic is that these people would rather stay in germany then , given those two options . 
  i 'd protect you even if we 're not in nato !, 
  well , smoking weed is not a basic human right for starters . 
  yep , just that there are more gangs around these days , escalating and complicating the turf-wars . 
  used to be , now they have new rivals in the american influenced youth out in the segregated high-immigration low-employment areas , `` g\u00e5rdstensalliansen '' is/was one of these . 
  mostly composed of young males from the lower class . 
  what are you , a sauce wizard ? 
  ^ ^ will ^ ^ do . 
  gon na have to try this one !, 
  typical german !, 
  rocket fuel is another story . 
  i 'd get the fuck out of there if that thing had real missiles on top . 
  that 's correct , yes . 
  no , gtfo . 
  there could be secondary charges intended for rescue personnel , do n't approach incidents to photograph either . 
  sure , there 's no denying which religion they adhere to , and what sort of rule they 'd want to impose on others . 
  sure , he could have bought them the time they needed to get ready as well . 
  well , they want to be the islamic state , let 's not legitimize their rule by calling them a state . 
  they probably started planning for this back when the paris attacks went down , maybe salah abdelsalam was a scapegoat that let himself get found once they where ready , a distraction . 
  my guess is that belgium got too close for comfort , the daesh extremists where forced into a corner and so they activated their sleeper cells in the country en masse . 
  `` go out with a boom '' rather than getting caught like salah abdeslam . 
  the latest in biological warfare . 
  can . . can i into eesti ? 
  hockey , the one true sport for resolving conflicts between nations . . 
  you have to ask the guys on the other side of the fence . 
  i need a new phone , i 'd like to support your economy , i hope nokia brings us yet another indestructible finnish brick that can take a bit of drunken mistakes . 
  it used to be that way . 
  there are if you count finnish people too . 
  what ? 
  people have said that forever about immigrants . 
  the current problem is housing and numbers , this year some 15k flats/houses will be completed , that 's one or two weeks of immigration at this rate . 
  now the first generation will probably have a hard time finding work , but the next generation born here will go to swedish schools from the beginning , and thus get a better chance to contribute . 
  people do n't opt for unemployment , social democracy and decent welfare is nice but life here is far from fun at `` the bottom '' . 
  sweden . 
  favourite : norway least favourite : russia ( kaliningrad oblast ), 
  they took our jerbs . 
  $ 10 is lunch money in sweden . 
  it 's almost as if different architectural designs appeal to different people . 
  in stockholm and further south it 's rather nice , 17-20c towards the peak of summer i 'd estimate , ofc depends on depth , weather and so on . 
  one of the best things i know is to swim in a lake during swedish summer , it 's the very definition of refreshing , at least to me . 
  always suspect the danes . 
  you guys deserved it though , brilliant playing . 
  and my axe !, 
  7/10/2016 `` iceland wins the eurocup '', 
  i never stated that it was an ethnicity , though it 's wrong to assume people that went viking mainly raped and pillaged . 
  with the many widespread trade routes they established i 'd say you can assume most where merchants , however these acts are not mutually exclusive . 
  that 's the ` ol christian disinformation about vikings . . 
  some certainly did , not a majority though . 
  that 's not what it implies . 
  if people are inefficient and costly in the workforce because of automation , who 's gon na buy what the robots produce for us ? 
  even capitalism will grind to a halt when people stop trading . 
  `` if machines produce everything we need , the outcome will depend on how things are distributed . '' - stephen hawking . 
  foreign opponents interested in our capability to recover from such loss of infrastructure . 
  and people with tin foil hats . 
  little brother , i 'm not sure that 's something to brag about . 
  i think they 're allowed as headwear . 
  we should , after we annex you once again little brother . 
  same in sweden , hell the entire north is pretty leftist . 
  indeed . 
  oh , alright !, 
  i thought it was similar to our [ day-fine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/day-fine ) system . 
  ignore me . 
  this makes sense . 
  hello fellow rap-metal fan . 
  he applied for asylumn under a false identity and got his request denied . 
  [ source . 
  akp will never come for the turks , they did come for the armenians though . 
  well , it 's not a matter of opinion really . 
  seems someone never got the news , he got his asylumn application denied . 
  like all the afghans did . 
  much appreciated , i 'd rather we got some of the good parts , happy drunk people perhaps ? 
  appreciated !, 
  this is what the alt-right wants you to believe . 
  in swedish `` kuk '' means dick , so i obviously assumed that they where known as europes `` small dicks '' . 
  once they 're here , artillery is just as important . . luckily the k9 thunder does n't seem all too expensive these days , if we got some 30-40 of those like finland we 'd at least have enough to field artillery in the northen and southern parts of the country . 
  but my guess is that getting a new long range sam system is what our military is prioritizing , hawk from the 60 's just wo n't cut it any more .
