  there is some overlap but you are dramatically overstating it . 
  other agencies have their own budgets and programs for the stuff they do in space . 
  and apollo was not `` a subset of the missile race '' . 
  where are you getting this ? 
  yes , there is some overlap , which is unavoidable since the tech is largely the same . 
  but you 're significantly overstating it again . 
  there are tons of good books out there about the space race . 
  maybe you should check out amazon . 
  and no esa money goes to the `` military industrial complex '' ? 
  are you high ? 
  how many big aerospace companies do you think there are in europe ? 
  the esa and euro militaries are using the same contractors . 
  nasa contracting boeing is funding the `` military industrial complex '' while the esa contracting dassault is for the good of mankind ? 
  and every other language . 
  so the world 's 2nd most powerful military and vast natural resources count for nothing ? 
  there 's more to international influence than just gdp . 
  i like finland , but they are n't relevant . 
  none of the nordic countries are very relevant , actually . 
   the esa is already the second best funded space organisation on the planet after only nasa . 
  actually the russians spend a bit more . 
  nasa - [ $ 18 billion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_nasa ) ( other agencies bring to the total to $ 40 billion according to [ oced ] ( http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/economics/the-space-economy-at-a-glance-2014_9789264217294-en ) ... we spend more on space exploration than every other country combined . ), 
  russian federal space agency - [ $ 5.6 billion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_federal_space_agency ) esa - [ $ 5.5 billion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_space_agency ) apollo , iss , and the shuttle each cost more than $ 100 billion . 
  humans have n't been beyond leo since apollo . 
  you 're almost starting from scratch . 
  there 's absolutely no way you 're building a freaking moonbase on the esa 's current budget . 
  what are the odds of the esa getting the massive funding increase necessary for such a project ? 
  i do n't know how that works . 
   belgian mining companies and intelligence services also continued to destroy congo well into the last century . 
  belgian companies mining in congo sold us the uranium we needed to nuke japan . 
  the bigger the bureaucracy , the bigger the waste . 
  it happens in every country . 
  i know most people here love the idea of a unified europe , but this is a legitimate drawback . 
   it 's no secret that america has a problem with education . 
  that must be why we lag so far behind europe in aerospace , consumer technology , medical research , etc. ... oh wait ... 
  like the eu does n't have any dumbass high-level bureaucrats ? 
   just no . 
  i said above : `` chinese is so easy , even chinese children can speak it . '', 
  to make a point . 
  same applies here . 
  a native speaker can not judge the difficulty of his language . 
  most people in the world speak a language that uses an alphabet , with the latin alphabet being the most common . 
  a number of languages relatively closely related to english ( spanish , portuguese , french , etc ) have hundreds of millions of speakers over several continents . 
  i get what you 're saying . 
  but the fact is that english is much easier to learn than chinese for the vast majority of the world 's population . 
  france has a vibrant competitive pistol shooting community . 
  source : i 'm a competitive shooter and follow the world class shooters , many of whom come from france . 
   not a republican or something , [ an opinion poll surveying reactions to the national security agency surveillance revelations finds republicans and democrats almost identically divided over whether leaker edward snowden is a `` traitor '' or a `` hero '' -- but with republicans far less trusting of the administration in the affair ... seventy percent of republicans called mass electronic surveillance unacceptable , a view shared with just 46 percent of democrats . 
  ] ( http://cnsnews.com/news/article/patrick-goodenough/americans-divided-over-snowden-republicans-far-more-skeptical-mass ) republicans are n't the kitten-strangling monsters reddit would lead you to believe . 
  because we have the most hilarious banter ? 
   what if every time someone mentions the u.s. , or , say , eisenhower , people would start talking about cointelpro or mk ultra ? 
  first of all , people do bring up bad the the us has done almost every time the us is mentioned . 
  second , neither of those things is comparable to mass murdering your own population . 
  the guy you 're replying to is a literal communist . 
  he has a very warped view of the ussr . 
  i think the dominance of american media has a lot to do with it as well . 
  well that 's pretty fucked up . 
   only 3 % of all births in britain are to british pakistanis parents but they make up one third of children with genetic disorders . 
   you think some french or german wants to die for finland !? 
  wake up !, 
  no one joins nato for the french and german protection, 
  shocking that a brit thinks that british english is superior . 
  let me guess , you prefer soccer to american football as well ? 
  its interesting that sweden is above the usa . 
  thats the fucking administrative budget . 
  who gives a shit who is paying the secretaries in brussels ? 
  of course the only european country that is n't a bunch of pussies is n't nato, 
   i am sure those 1500 greek soldiers were deeply concerned with piongyang 's aggression my grandfather served with greeks in korea . 
  he said they were highly motivated to kill commies and were top-notch enthusiastic soldiers . 
  he had a soft spot for greeks for he rest of his life . 
  military tech has evolved a lot since the days when you could convert a sewing machine factory into a bomb factory in a few weeks . 
  military industry needs to be in place way before the bullets start flying . 
  that 's why the `` we have no real threats '' excuse is bullshit . 
  you have no idea what threats you 'll face in the future , and you ca n't pull a top-rate army out of your ass . 
  it takes years of investment . 
  the british and french are helpless without the us . 
  you could n't even handle libya 's shitty air defense network until the usaf took it out . 
  then you ran out of bombs a few weeks later . 
  and that conflict was just air raids against a third-world african nation . 
  russia would eat the british and french armed forces for lunch . 
  the people who do make the decisions do n't want to be voted out of office . 
   glorious country i thought it was portugal day ? 
  so when europe does something stupid its america 's fault ? 
  is there anything that is n't america 's fault in your eyes ? 
  yes but but still better than much of the arab world by leaps and bounds . 
  it 's probably the reason it stuck in my mind , but i 've also read ceaser 's commentaries . 
  great tv series though . 
  thats a very small part of the country that 's autonomous from the rest of indonesia, 
  he only mentioned 2 by name . 
  indonesia is a secular state as well, 
  supermajority ? 
  do you know how rare those are in the us congress ? 
  that should n't be the standard . 
   good luck closing gitmo with the republican congress democrats had a stranglehold on congress for the first 2 years of obama 's presidency and will have had control of at least 1 chamber of congress for 6 of his 8 years . 
  its not really lip service . 
  nato + rok , japan , and australia really are america 's closest allies . 
  if he was talking about uzbekistan or mongolia or something then he would be talking out of his ass . 
  [ nope . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/database/indicator/1/ ), 
   is this thread being brigaded , or has / r/europe [ 1 ] suddenly decided it loves ttip now ? 
  all the comments defending ttip are downvoted below the threshold .
