  grave concerns . 
   if someone could live with machine translation . 
  google translate work not does well as think do you . 
  no way . 
  if anyone dredges up that tea i 'm going to boston to throw it the right the fuck back in the harbor . 
  [ murica ] ( http://assets.vg247.com/current//2014/08/george_washington_xbox360_robot-1152x597.jpg ), 
   had we lost the revolution . 
  we would have had a second go at it a few years later . 
  independence was inevitable . 
  if everyone has to learn english anyway , why do n't people just raise their kids bilingually ? 
  are most swedes not fluent enough ? 
  it would save so many hours of time in school that could be spent on other subjects . 
   mother jones definitely has a point of view that 's an understatement . 
  right-wing sites like briebart get most of the hate on reddit , but mother jones is just as terrible . 
  we have no connections to ukraine . 
  why would we ? 
  i 'm talking about nato members . 
  did n't the armed forces actually return unused money to the government last year ? 
  despite the fact they have critical shortages of spare parts and other items . 
  [ german soldiers reacting to the news they 're getting upgraded brooms ] ( http://adiosnirvana.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/german_celebration_a.jpg ), 
  i bet there are some welshmen that will give the sheep a home, 
  that has nothing to do with what i said . 
  if i made a douchey comment about saving europe or the marshall plan or something maybe your reply would make sense . 
  but i said nothing of the sort . 
   the us simply does n't have the means to compete with china we still have nearly double their gdp , infinitely more soft power , a much , much stronger military , and way more allies ( even without europe ) . 
  we have way better education , extensive coasts on two oceans , we get almost all of our fossil fuels either domestically or from our vassal canada , we have 3 times the arable land of china , we have way better infrastructure , we absolutely own the world 's oceans , etc. 
  if it ever happens , china is decades away from passing the us . 
  they have major demographic problems ( much worse than europe 's ) . 
  in 20 years the average age of a chinese citizen will be over 60 . 
  they will also have millions of sexually frustrated bachelors due to the preference for having boys over girls . 
  they also have massive potential bubbles in their economy and a totalitarian government ( they tend not to last a terribly long time ) . 
  people will retort `` china 's gdp is projected to pass america 's in x years '' . 
  well , that 's possible . 
  but projections are often wrong . 
  they have to successfully overcome a bunch of hurdles if they 're going to meet those rosy projections . 
  and even if they do , total gdp is only one piece of the puzzle . 
  the us will be the world 's top superpower until we 're all worm food . 
  and `` the west '' is a bloc . 
  being relatively united benefits all of us . 
  people who get butthurt over the us leading that bloc are like little kids on a football team who get whiny over not being team captain . 
  america being top dog is hugely beneficial for europe compared to the alternatives . 
  and what about germany/ussr and china/japan in ww2 ? 
   that china and the us will never actually go to war . 
  people should stop saying that because its not true . 
  countries who were each other 's biggest trading partner have gone to war before and they will again . 
  [ germany and the ussr signed a huge tract pact in 1940 , practically on the eve of operation barbarossa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german%e2%80%93soviet_commercial_agreement_ ( 1940 ) ) . 
  can you guess which country was ukraine 's biggest trading partner when russia invaded ? 
  is n't there a mutual defense clause in the eu ? 
  your women are fucking hot . 
   speaking english has never had any prestige at all english is very much a prestige language in much of the world . 
  i know from personal experience its that way in southeast asia , and that 's not the only region . 
   no one cares , it 's the language of business , not culture . 
  oh yeah , i forgot how everyone watches french movies and listens to french music . 
  a strong europe is good for the us . 
  the us did n't invoke article v. every member of nato unanimously decided to do so . 
  french surrender jokes have been around since long before 2003 . 
  `` cheese eating surrender monkeys '' came from a simpsons episode in 1995 . 
  he did n't call the people disagreeing with him racists . 
  he 'd be a lousy democrat . 
  if an equivalent percentage of the us showed up at a protest , it would be nearly 7 million people . 
  36 million for china . 
  i wish everyone in / r/europe could type in their accent . 
  maybe if we armed it with broomsticks instead of missiles you 'd like it better ? 
   it 's just an archaism of our government that needs sorted . 
  like having a monarch ? 
  [ better than swedes ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/5/4116/4923748223_f29703ffc3_z.jpg ), 
  because they had very recently lost the biggest war in world history to that point . 
  due to its resources germany will always be a major power in europe , except in the immediate aftermath of losing massive wars . 
  true , but greece is weak compared to germany and that has n't made relations any easier . 
  after reading this thread and the balkans circus in the serbia thread , i 'm very glad my country has giant oceans on either side and only 2 neighbors . 
  it * is * much cheaper . 
  even if they were made in equal numbers the f-35 would be cheaper . 
  we 're buying nearly 2,500 over 40 years . 
  any 21st century jet produced in those numbers would be the most expensive weapons project ever . 
  the problems with the f-35 are way overblown and the dollar figures thrown around are misleading as hell . 
  leftwing bloggers and journalists and others who despise military spending love tearing these projects to shreds . 
  its great for clickbait too . 
  same thing happened in the european media over the typhoon . 
  reddit is full of left-wing americans and people who love being able to take a pot shot at the us , so it gets eaten up here . 
  they will be cheaper than the eurofighter typhoon and the french rafale . 
  the dollar figures for the entire project are massive because we 're buying at least 2,400 of them over 40 years . 
   we ( eu ) are the # 1 economy the eu 's economy is only very slightly bigger while having more than twice the population ( and 28 countries ) . 
   and soon enough military too . 
  hahaha, 
  and george bush and the jooz orchestrated 9/11 right ? 
  if it had gone through , i think its much more likely it would have been a territory rather than a full state . 
  they also made extensive efforts to buy greenland . 
  those islands had a lot of strategic value during the cold war . 
  yet another category where we 're # 1 . 
  we have more arable land than the entire eu . 
  also more than russia and canada combined . 
   cyc\u00f3w ( tit-town ) i would like to visit, 
  fuck off with your self-hating bullshit . 
   pro tip for other countries : do n't elect populists . 
  the only thing they 're good at is soundbites . 
  warren/sanders 2016 !, 
  sorry , i had to . 
  we would certainly do something . 
  we would prepare to defend poland . 
  its not america 's job to defend every country on earth .
