  i 'm no expert . 
  i 'm just trying to get people to understand that criticizing the patriots based on the performance of the early generation in 1991 is n't valid at this point . 
  something to keep in mind when comparing western tech vs russian tech is that western stuff ( especially american stuff ) is under a microscope while our knowledge of russian tech is largely limited to what they choose to release . 
  there are plenty of [ pictures ] ( http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--mp_ywzp6--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/fedyv6fim14je21ywkiz.gif ) and [ videos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnoxfa-h5dk ) out there of russian anti-air systems failing badly . 
  it just does n't become click-bait all over the internet like when something goes wrong with american equipment . 
  spending billions is much easier when its being injected into the local economy . 
  are they putting much emphasis on increasing domestic capability to build military hardware ? 
  they also have mig-29s that were manufactured in the communist days and su-22s which have n't been made since 1990 . 
  i did n't mean to imply that * all * of their aircraft are old com-bloc stuff , nor am i trying to shit on poland which is a country i admire . 
  i 'm just saying that they will need new fighters soon as much of the current fleet is reaching the end of its life . 
  that should be a way higher priority than something like a mistral which u/toastlove was suggesting . 
  if they want to increase their participation in coalition activities , that 's cool . 
  but it needs to be secondary to defense of the homeland . 
  there are just too many things that are a higher priority to upgrade . 
  poland is going to need some new fighters soon , and they 're expensive as fuck . 
  you should n't be buying billion dollar amphibious assault ships when you 're still flying aircraft manufactured in the communist days . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_poland i can understand poles wanting to invest their money in being prepared to defend their country if necessary . 
  they 've spent a lot of their history being occupied . 
  under what circumstances would poland want to project power overseas ? 
  he did push for a ban of ar-15s . 
  that 's like trying to ban hamburgers and baseball . 
  claiming that anti-ballistic missile defense has advanced hugely since 1991 is not a ridiculous claim . 
  in fact , its ridiculous to claim otherwise . 
  do you honestly think they have n't advanced since the first time they were deployed 24 years ago ? 
  it was 19-fucking-91 . 
  1991-version patriots are to abms what ww1 biplanes are to fighter jets . 
  its like criticizing the ipad because the apple ii sucked . 
   the patriot missile battery at dhahran had been in operation for 100 hours , by which time the system 's internal clock had drifted by one-third of a second . 
  due to the missile 's speed this was equivalent to a miss distance of 600 meters . 
  it happened once in 1991 and was fixed the next day . 
  hitting missiles with other missiles was almost science fiction level technology when the patriots first saw action . 
  the bugs from 1991 are completely irrelevant when discussion the 2015 version . 
  that article is still 12 years old . 
  upgrades on it have been continuous . 
  hitting a missile with another missile is fucking hard . 
  has any other system been tested to nearly that extent and done better ? 
  i 'm not too familiar with any other country 's abm systems , but i ca n't imagine anyone doing it better . 
  we 've invested more in anti-missile tech than any other country could dream of . 
  that quote is about the first gulf war nearly 25 years ago . 
  ballistic missile defense was still in its infancy at that point . 
  that was the first time it had ever been used . 
  the system has been upgraded massively since then . 
  and what 's wrong with a fuck-ton of eagles and flags ? 
  are you some kind of communist or something ? 
   no , the german military is not a real military anymore . 
  after 1945 we basically had no reason to even keep a single soldier except for show . 
  if the soviets invaded , germany would have fallen in one week , and then get nuked by nato , or get nuked by the soviets first and then invaded . 
  our military was never created to fight . 
  it 's main assignment was : creating a cheep workforce ( zivildienst ) or `` brainwashing the population '' ( b\u00fcrger in uniform ) the west german army was huge and well equipped throughout the cold war . 
  it was n't for show . 
   also our military has no lack of funds , it 's just absolutely incompetent . 
  some weeks ago our marine was aiming for a drone , but nearly hit some south african fisher boat . 
  the armed forces of every country have a lot of incompetence , inefficiency , and wastefulness . 
  that 's what huge government bureaucracies do best . 
  ask a soldier from any country . 
  the problem is that germany largely rejects hard power . 
  germany accepts the role of leading the eu economically and politically but they have no desire to lead militarily . 
  as much as germans bitch about the us they 're happy to cede that role to us . 
  even left-wingers in america often support gun rights . 
  they even have a subreddit / r/liberalgunowners, 
  you ca n't be a major player if you ca n't even agree to extend sanctions . 
  armed tourists is n't a euphemism in america . 
  i bring a gun on vacation and i 'm no soldier . 
   i can bet you two donkeys i 'm going to start wagering donkeys, 
   his presentation , later published as a monograph titled `` life is like a chicken coop ladder '' , uses folkspeech , customs , material culture , and so forth seeking to demonstrate an anal-erotic fixation of german national character . 
  haha, 
  how often do you eat frog meat ? 
  their security would be in the hands of the us and russia . 
  i was being sarcastic, 
  yeah , ameican patriotism is just like german nationalism, 
  have you seen / r/anormaldayinrussia ? 
  i also wondered where germans got the reputation for making extreme porn with poo and stuff . 
  you can do it !, 
  '' ] ( http://rocketscheerleaders.com/rockets/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/151012f-5498-jbp_0800.jpg ), 
  what about crappy food and love of queues and tea ? 
  that english men love them ? 
  [ americans are not that much fatter than the other anglo countries ] ( http://www.oecd.org/els/health-systems/obesity-update-2014.pdf ) . 
  its actually [ black people who skew the numbers and make us look so fat ] ( http://commonhealth.wbur.org/2012/11/why-are-four-out-of-five-black-women-obese ) . 
  [ only 11 % of americans lack health insurance ] ( http://time.com/3639785/uninsured-obamacare-record/ ) . 
  that 's not as good as zero , and the system needs reformed badly , but its absolutely nothing like internet europeans think . 
  we do love guns , but we do n't think that 's a negative . 
  except for some commies among us . 
  we actually are genuinely patriotic , so that one is accurate . 
  but i think sometimes people fail to differentiate between the nationalism of the old world which is inextricably linked to religion and ethnicity , and american patriotism which is a bit different . 
  or cultural sensitivity training and gender inclusion seminars for the soldiers . 
   6 billion dollars are more than most eu nations most other eu armies are also in pathetic condition . 
  plus you pay soldiers more than most , have a long coastline whereas many other countries are landlocked , and you do n't get the benefits of nato membership ( free surplus american gear , american bases helping to secure the country , partnerships like the eurofighter program , shared intelligence , etc ), 
  that fact that it does n't rain skittles and m&m s is a disgrace . 
  its also disgraceful that i do n't have a pet dragon that shits gold . 
  almost as disgraceful as the fact that i 'm not dating a supermodel . 
  edit : the deleted post i replied to was swede who said its disgraceful to spend money on an army in this day and age . 
  it becomes a problem when 25 to 27 of the 28 nato members start to think like that . 
   our people suffer from lack of healthcare and unsteady retirement because we divert spending to military purposes , while you live comfortably . 
  the us spends more per person on healthcare than almost anyone . 
  lack of funds is n't the problem . 
   the european union is the strongest super-power on the planet . 
  the gdps of the eu and us are very close and the us will pass the eu shortly as we 've been growing at a much faster rate than the eu for years . 
  we also have a much , much more capable military than the entire eu combined . 
  when has the usa ever denied crimes against the natives ? 
  congress and the president officially apologized , its taught in every school , and there are countless memorials around the country .
