  [ here 's the suomi moon rock ] ( http://www.collectspace.com/resources/goodwill/finland01.jpg ), 
  [ according to wiki it was displayed when this photo was taken in 2012 ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:moon_regolith_in_moscow.jpg ) . 
  who knows if its still on display . 
  ingrates . 
  it would be much easier to annex canada . 
   one of the few advantages us has over eu we have a lot of advantages over the eu, 
  yeah , some people are commies . 
  you mean american ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.nba.com/blazers/media/arvydassabonis3.jpg ), 
   us republicans and their attitudes towards black people . 
  you think half the country is racist ? 
  do the words actually catch on ? 
  seems silly to me . 
  languages borrowing words from is each other is a phenomenon as old as speech . 
  its especially silly since i assume its mainly aimed at english , itself full of french loanwords . 
   the lobbying you mentioned earlier , it 's the same thing as in the us . 
  but bigger because it reflects our combined economies . 
  eu and us gdps are very close . 
  us will pass the eu soon since our growth rate is much better . 
  of course . 
  where do you think communists come from ? 
  finland confirmed as third world, 
  what about sweden democrats ? 
  are n't they right-wing ? 
  why are people voting for them ? 
  i was replying to you , not myself . 
  you gave the impression that these parties are no big deal . 
  so its basically like american redditors ? 
  / r/politics is so far disconnected from mainstream american politics its absurd . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweden_democrats#electoral_results going from years of negligible support to 50 mps and vote totals that double or triple every election seems like kind of a big deal . 
  and ukip being the first 3rd party in over a century to win a nation-wide election in the uk . 
  i also wonder if people dismissing them like you are is actually helping to fuel their rise . 
   where did you get this from ? 
  are n't eurosceptic parties exploding in popularity ? 
  particularly in important countries like the uk and france . 
  i mean i do n't see parties running on integration doubling/tripling their voters . 
  edit : i 'm not taking a position . 
  i do n't care one way or the other . 
  just curious . 
  this sub is wildly in favor of a united europe , but is n't euroscepticism far more popular than federalization in the real world ? 
   for the common ukrainians it wasn \u00b4 t about eu or russia in it \u00b4 s core . 
  it was about their own system . 
  us has been using a carrot with pakistan . 
  what do you think ? 
  has that played out well ? 
  it has , actually . 
  if it was n't in america 's interests they 'd be cut off . 
   what difference does this time-line make ? 
  reasons were pretty much the same . 
  because its not the 1840s anymore ? 
  that 's like asking why is n't slavery or an absolute monarchy ok in 2015 . 
  times change . 
  russia 's carrot did n't work because eu alignment/membership was even more valuable . 
  america is the wealthiest country in the world , no one can offer a bigger carrot than us . 
  and the mexican-american war was 165 years ago . 
   let \u00b4 s say that mexico would like to form a military ally with russia . 
  what do you think , what would usa think about it ? 
  how would the usa act towards it ? 
  we 'd stop it with a carrot , not a stick . 
  look how badly they 've brainwashed you comrade !, 
  russian vacationers inbound . 
  you speak russian huh ? 
  are you feeling oppressed by the polish government ? 
  putin can come save you . 
  if someone says something racist , go ahead an call them out . 
  but this is almost a witch hunt . 
  i think they should be found guilty first, 
  this wo n't be a popular statement here , but europe needs a healthy right-wing . 
  it seems like you have every type of leftist under the sun , but then the right side of the spectrum is just center-right and full-retard right with nothing in between . 
  but i 'm far from an expert on european politics . 
  the cavour would be considered an amphibious assault ship in american parlance . 
  its smaller than the wasp-class and america-class which are n't considered ( or at least are n't referred to as ) aircraft carriers due to small size . 
  i just brainfarted on the age of the charles de gaulle i guess . 
  the problem is n't lacking military ability , its lacking the will . 
  how popular would it have been to intervene in those places ? 
  i wish i knew romanian so i could read his post history . 
  i bet its hilarious . 
   nato is definitely not an equal partnership . 
  your country 's entire gdp is one-third of america 's military budget . 
  no shit its not equal . 
  agreed . 
  just pointing out that western armies also rely heavily on cold war era equipment . 
   except all of those have had very sizeable and expensive upgrades applied to them . 
  the same can not be said of russia 's equipment . 
  that 's just completely wrong . 
  russia has upgraded many of their t-72s just for one example . 
   i 'm assuming you mean fixed wing . 
  you must be thinking of russia 's single aircraft carrier . 
  because britain currently has 1 stovl invincible class aircraft carrier and 1 undergoing sea trials . 
  as well as this france spain and italy have 1 each all that are able to launch/land fixed-wing aircraft . 
  perhaps it is you that needs to do the research mmm ? 
  your navies do n't mean shit in a land war with russia . 
   yet they have all received sizeable and extensive upgrade programs . 
  i do not classify modernised equipment as soviet era if it has been upgraded , as pretty much every european armies equipment has . 
  as has russia 's . 
   define `` lots of state of the art stuff '' , because as far as i am aware `` lots '' is equivalent to barely anything and `` stuff '' means a handle full of fighters , 3 destroyers and a couple of submarines . 
  just google `` russia military modernization '' . 
  they just deployed brand new ballistics missiles in kaliningrad that are better than anything europe has . 
  they have a 5th gen fighter ready to enter production , and they 're unveiling a brand new tank in a few days . 
   if its about pay then you should know profession armies ( russia is conscript ) are far more disciplined and capable many of their troops are lousy conscripts .
