  few had it 10-20 years ago but its becoming more and more common for men . 
  honestly as a young single man i do n't even know how long maternity leave typically is . 
   it 's more the result of incompetence by opposition parties , economic circumstances , and widespread electoral fraud coupled with corruption , bribery , and complete control and censoring of the media . 
  sounds like obama 's rise . 
  every half-decent job in america has it, 
  just because its not a legal requirement does n't mean every decent job does n't have it . 
  unless you plan on working at mcdonald 's part-time you 'll have maternity leave , paid vacation , healthcare , etc. 
  how much is that in real money ? 
  edit : $ 455m, 
   so it 's going to be more free its american . 
  of course its free . 
  murica gets a large majority of its oil from north american sources . 
  at least we have a history of being a great power instead of being someone else 's bitch for the last 250 years . 
  it is kind of crazy that those two little breakaway `` states '' have more active tanks than the uk or germany , even if they are supplied by russia . 
  denmark should n't be expected to have a huge arsenal , but does n't mean european countries should n't take a hard look at their military situation and improve if needed . 
  and most countries probably do need improvement . 
  no one thinks denmark needs to be able to go toe-to-toe with russia . 
  why `` as a lithuanian '' ? 
  in the sense of `` as a guy from a country that knows what the underside of russia 's boot is like '' ? 
   yep , because every nato country should have the same equipment as a giant militaristic nation . 
  if a giant militaristic nation is right next to you and acting aggressively it would be wise to be prepared for the worst case scenario . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i did n't know that about estonia . 
  but it should be noted that lots of countries have minor border disputes . 
  hell , maybe even * most * countries . 
  half of nato countries have border disputes with each other . 
  denmark/canada , turkey/greece , spain/uk , even the usa and canada disagree on some minor waterways and islands . 
  but none of those compare to the situation in ukraine . 
  yes , but iraqi tanks were un-upgraded t-72s and even older t-55s operated by shit tank crews . 
  russia has several thousand t-90s , with the brand new armatas currently entering production . 
  they also have thousands of heavily upgraded t-72s . 
  we 're also ignoring the skill , training , and leadership factors . 
  my coworker was in the first gulf war in a tank . 
  he swears that they could have swapped tanks with the iraqis and still dominated them . 
  he might be exaggerating , but skilled crews certainly were undoubtedly a huge difference against iraq . 
  the russians will be much better trained than the iraqis ( although probably still not up to american/uk standards ) . 
  and numbers do matter . 
  the germans had better tanks than the western allies in wwii . 
  did n't help them much in the face of vastly larger numbers . 
  the usa , russia , and china each have many thousands of tanks . 
  europe is sitting at the children 's table by comparison . 
  their armies are geared towards participation in small/moderate sized conflicts far away . 
  they are n't prepared for a large-scale war in europe . 
  which is ironic because europe 's history is dominated by such conflicts . 
  that 's more than every nato member except the usa ( and maybe france , not sure ) . 
  [ british army has just 227 tanks left after spending cuts ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/british-army-has-just-227-tanks-left-after-spending-cuts-1442463 ) i think germany will have more than 300 in 2017-2018 if they do n't cancel the plan to refurbish 100 tanks they had in storage ( which they probably will cancel if the situation in ukraine settles down by then ) . 
  are you really that ignorant of history ? 
  there was infinitely more to the cold war than just the us and russia not being friends . 
  of course they matter , and they 've changed dramatically since the 60s . 
  you 're taking an event completely out of context . 
  as much as hack writers use the phrase `` new cold war '' , its simply not . 
  we 're no longer locked in an existential conflict of ideologies and superpowers . 
  the world is n't the same as it was during the time of bay of pigs . 
  its not the cold war anymore . 
  you ca n't join nato in a day . 
  russia would just take another chunk of land . 
  i hope this is n't rude , but were they deported there in the soviet days ? 
  its because of american preeminence in movies , video games , the internet , etc. 
  mostly hollywood and the internet i think . 
  also , america 's gdp was 30 % to 50 % of the global economy for much of the 20th century ( and is still at about 25 % ) which made it dominate in business ( thus important for schools to teach ) . 
  i also like goldwater . 
  your acquaintance should know that barry goldwater was a huge admirer of native americans and was a major support of native rights in the senate . 
  http://archive.azcentral.com/specials/special25/articles/1203goldwater4.html http://archive.azcentral.com/specials/special25/articles/1203goldwater2.html http://www.gettyimages.com/detail/news-photo/native-american-robert-tree-cody-plays-the-flute-at-the-news-photo/52026452, 
   i would like to learn spanish , but i 've been getting lazier and lazier . 
  you 're half-spanish already, 
   i know people who deny what the natives endured was a genocide . 
  i doubt they were americans or canadians . 
  i 've never heard anyone deny it here . 
  there might be a handful of conspiratard types or something . 
  that 's retarded . 
  no one denies crimes against natives . 
  compete with america ? 
  hahahaha . 
  good luck , europoors . 
   the vast majority of criticism of patriots is based on a version that will be delivered to poland . 
  maybe in poland , but not in this thread, 
  yeah , if it works as advertised . 
  all of russia 's gear sounds amazing if you go by the info they release . 
  in 1990-91 the patriots were hyped up as if they were god 's own right hand . 
  then they fell flat on their face in actual real-world combat . 
  it took years of major upgrades and several generations to get it to where it is now . 
  you can admire the s-400 specs all you want ( and it does have very cool capabilities ) , but no one knows how they 'll do if truly tested in real combat . 
  modern american stealth ( f-22 / f-35 ) vs modern russian air defense ( s-400 ) would be very interesting . 
  but we do n't know how it will go . 
  hopefully american intelligence knows more about countering russian capabilities as they do my porn-viewing habits . 
  i mean spending billions on defense in general , not just on one project . 
  the s-300 / s-400 and patriots were designed with different goals in mind . 
  its not exactly an apples to apples comparison . 
  the s-400 system is much more of an all-in-one kind of system . 
  it comes with three different missiles for various ranges and is designed to intercept both missiles and aircraft . 
  if i was shopping for a pure anti-ballistic missile defense system , i 'd go with the patriot . 
  if i wanted an anti-aircraft system that could also take out missiles , i 'd go with the s-400 . 
  mig-29s are still very respectable fighters . 
  but you can only put so many flight hours on an airframe over its lifetime . 
  i thought that many would have to be retired soon . 
  although i could be wrong . 
  apples to oranges . 
  the iron dome is designed to intercept short-range rockets and artillery . 
  that 's a much different purpose than patriots which are designed primarily to intercept ballistic missiles . 
  the israelis are actually using patriots along with the iron dome .
