  they spend only 1.0 % of gdp on defense . 
  despite having massive amounts of coastline and airspace and being right in the middle of potential arctic disputes , which will be a major potential hotspot with russia going forward as sea ice melts and shipping and resource extraction becomes feasible in the area . 
  they know damn well the us will come running with both barrels blazing should a conflict start . 
  so they contribute almost nothing to the collective defense . 
  how popular is basketball in estonia ? 
  every person who is raging against ttip is a retard . 
  opposing free trade is like advocating creationism . 
  despite the brics hype train , brazil isnt a great power . 
  if you piss of the most powerful country in the world and it leaves the un , you 're left with the league of nations 2.0 . 
  american backing is what gives the un much of its legitimacy . 
  they fought the us and many of its western allies to a standstill in korea . 
  your own country was a major participant in that one . 
  but 21st century china is a completely different beast than the dirt poor backwater of past decades . 
  there is more to the un than the security council . 
  how is the mistral more mobile ? 
  a nuclear supercarrier has much greater speed and range . 
  if anything they 'll spend even less in defense if they join nato . 
  if belarus takes a hard turn toward the west , russia will intervene as they have in ukraine . 
  they 've made it quite clear they will not tolerate countries leaving their sphere of influence if there 's anything they can do about it . 
  what does any of that have to do with sweden joining nato ? 
  or you could blame russia for carrying out mock bombing raids on stockholm and other assorted provocations . 
  you are your own continent . 
  like a tiny australia . 
  the military industry is a bigger part of sweden 's economy than it is in the us . 
  and exports are way more important for the swedish industry . 
  the american arms industry can survive just fine purely on domestic orders . 
  swedish arms industry relies on export orders to stay afloat . 
  sweden exports more weapons per capita than anyone except israel . 
  swedish arms dealers have been caught up in multiple bribery scandals . 
  its absurd to act like the innocent swedes are victims of the evil american arms industry . 
  article 4 is just a fancy way of calling a meeting . 
  turkey has done it a couple times . 
  1.0 % of gdp . 
  lowest in nato . 
  you 're going to be invading on row boats and carrying pointy sticks with the current state of your military . 
  tons of people from europe move here . 
  way more than the reverse . 
   i would only go if sanders becomes president even in the incredibly unlikely event of that happening , the country is n't going to change dramatically . 
  in fact he would likely accomplish pretty much nothing . 
  he 'd struggle to even get the support of moderate democrats in congress . 
   otherwise from the news i get on reddit reddit isnt going to give you an accurate view on many things , america near the top of that list of things . 
  i see no problem with intelligence gathering assets and subs being employed . 
  we 'd be fools not to use them . 
  but repeatedly skirting other countries ' airspace with strategic bombers with their transponders off to remind everyone you 're willing to use nukes is a completely different story . 
  only one side is pulling that shit . 
  fox news is fine with news about things that are n't partisan issues in american politics . 
  are n't you british ? 
  the uk goes along with almost everything we do in the region . 
  i 'm writing my congressmen now . 
  we need at least 50 of these . 
   the chinese do n't have to beat us in quality ; they have to swamp us in quantity good thing china wo n't have more fighters than us in my lifetime . 
   i repeat : no one ( living in the real world ) would ever use or even understand the word `` nation '' as having any other meaning than `` the nation state '' americans frequently use `` nation '' as a synonym for `` country '' whether a nation-state or not . 
  indonesia made it even worse during their 25 year occupation . 
  that does n't absolve portugal 's crimes there over 300 years . 
  no , you gave the land back after centuries of taking their resources and giving nothing back . 
  at least the british built some infrastructure while exploiting their colonies . 
  all portugal gave the natives was venereal disease from raping their women . 
  source : i visited timor leste this summer . 
  portugal fucked them royally . 
  america 's army in ww2 had a massive number of second generation americans . 
  including a ton of german-americans . 
  switzerland was universally regarded as a country by every other country before they decided to participate in the un . 
  the japanese government holds an unusually large amount of assets - cash , real estate , securities . 
  their gross debt is massive , but when you look at their balance sheet as a whole they 're actually in better shape than some eu countries . 
  their debt is still a problem . 
  its just not quite as bad as the raw debt to gdp makes it look . 
  a lot of the politicians who represent me are fine . 
  but reddit only upvotes the shit that makes their enemies look bad . 
  its a retarded thing to argue about because its never going to happen . 
  times have changed since the 1860s . 
  we 'd let them go . 
  but we have a strong national identity so its not going to happen . 
  to be fair much of europe is irrelevant to europe . 
  not if you take precautions . 
  i spend every weekend i can backpacking in the woods and i 've never had it . 
  long pants , bug spray , and checking yourself for ticks at the end of the day will make lyme disease pretty unlikely . 
  i 'm right wing as fuck . 
  im even active in my local republican party . 
  i 'm also a committed atheist and engaged to a muslim immigrant from a third world country ( shes from 99 % catholic country so her/her family are unusually open about an interfaith relationship ) . 
  you could do this with any prominent politician . 
  the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
  nato also has very specific plans in place . 
  but obviously they dont publish military plans . 
  9 years ago they had never reached the minimum threshold to get a seat in the riksdag . 
  polling at 17-18 % still represents a massive rise for sd . 
  like greece and syriza ? 
  and the us with fdr during the depression ? 
  and the uk in the economic clusterfuck following ww2 ? 
  and russia and the bolsheviks during the hardships of ww1 ? 
  reddit is a left-wing circlejerk on almost every issue besides immigration . 
  no one ever says we need to clamp down on left-wing circlejerking . 
  why would american users care that much about european migration ? 
  we win wars . 
  saddam and the taliban were removed from power . 
  we just are n't good at occupying/nation-building . 
   in a sub intended for europeans . 
  its intended for `` discussion of europe '' per the sidebar . 
  anyone can discuss europe . 
  i do n't like 80 % of the front page being immigration related . 
  but i also think the megathreads were a really terrible idea .
