  i mean , its not that if combined the russians and saudis would dominate global energy exports and effectively hold a gun to our economies ' heads . 
  and if the vile saudi monarchy was replaced , its totally likely there would be something way better replacing it , right ? 
  power vacuums in the middle east are all sunshine and unicorns . 
  i 'm sure some benevolent freedom fighters would set up a liberal democracy . 
  significant on reddit . 
  integration/federalization is to / r/europe what bernie sanders and elizabeth warren are to / r/politics . 
  finland lost . 
  russia took a large amount of territory from them ( that they still have ) . 
  they actually got more than they asked for prior to the invasion . 
   if anything , an eu wide foreign policy and military would make the balance of power with the us equal , and it would be an alliance of equals , rather than dependence on us military protection . 
  even if combined an eu military is still vastly inferior to america 's . 
   i know that the usa does it with saudi-arabia , and i understand why , but i thought eu would have a harder time doing this kind of deals hahaha . 
  you know the saudis fly eurofighters , right ? 
  hell , the french were selling the russians a damn aircraft carrier ( lhd , whatever ) when they invaded ukraine . 
  europe has no room to criticize the usa on that front . 
  you 're being a little harsh but what you say is is true . 
  krugman is a left-wing demagogue . 
  that does n't mean everything his says is wrong , but it needs to be kept in mind when you read what he says . 
  he is extremely partisan . 
   maybe his buddies in the arms industry feel that this is a great way to expand arms sales ? 
  does n't finland buy most of its hardware from western countries ? 
   the richest , the usa is a good bit richer per capita and will be richer in total within a few years . 
   most powerful the eu combined has about 1/3 the military strength of the us . 
   and largest union on earth ? 
  even if the eu was one country china and india are each twice as large . 
  i know a country with mistrals for sale, 
  the 20th century ones of portugal , germany , spain , etc are used as training vessels . 
  but the constitution and victory are mostly museums . 
  they 're well over 200 years old . 
   is scheduled to enter service sometime in the mid-late 2020s so it will actually enter service around 2035-2040, 
  do you walk through a museum asking why we bothered to keep all this old stuff ? 
  the uss constitution was laid down in 1794 . 
  she was named by george washington and paul revere forged her copper bolts and breasthooks . 
  she defeated 5 british warships in the war of 1812 ( murica rules the waves ! ) . 
  its an awesome piece of history . 
  [ giving americans freedom boners since 1798 ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/56/uss_constitution_sail200d.jpg ) * victory * was horatio nelson 's flagship at trafalgar . 
  you do n't think that 's worth keeping around ? 
  upkeep on these two ships is probably the most worthwhile thing either of our navies spend money on . 
  murica has one too http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uss_constitution so do the limeys http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hms_victory i would n't be surprised if the frenchies and a few others do as well, 
  we promised to respect their sovereignty , not force russia to . 
  what a euphoric solution, 
  like americans surrendered, 
   actually , there were ss-divisions [ 1 ] largely comprised of muslims . 
  there was also a [ slavic ss division ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/14th_waffen_grenadier_division_of_the_ss_%281st_galician%29 ) . 
  they were sometimes willing to put pragmatism above their racial ideology . 
  do you have any substantive counterargument ? 
  what are the eu 's preferred ideological lines ? 
  they are flowers and fruit baskets compared to what the world would be like without american military dominance . 
  and drones strikes kill less innocents than any form of warfare in history . 
  should we launch ground invasions ? 
  send conventional bombers ? 
  believe it or not there are terrorists in these countries that need to be killed . 
  ps : you 're probably looking for the word `` bouquet '' . 
  a boutique is a retail shop . 
  the us is the reason countries do n't annex their neighbors these days . 
  obviously russia/crimea being an exception due to nukes . 
  believe it or not , the world is a * much * safer place with american hegemony than it would be without . 
  if countries start thinking they can annex land from weaker neighbors and get away with it , the world would become a much less stable and much bloodier place and that would be bad for everyone . 
  as global hegemonic power , the us would bring the pain to anyone who does so . 
  most likely with our sidekick europe behind us . 
  unless of course the other country is a major power with nukes . 
  its not worth a possible nuclear exchange . 
  they did n't behave `` perfectly well '' towards africans , muslims , and indians . 
  western europeans were thought to be racially acceptable . 
  especially england . 
  i mean i 'm sure you know where the angles and saxons came from . 
  that and they were completely humiliated and emasculated by the germans . 
  even hitler and his top commanders were shocked at how easily they crushed france . 
  they were thoroughly outwitted on more than just the maginot line and their assumptions about the ardennes . 
  german doctrine was just flat out superior , as was their leadership . 
  even as the war progressed they still could n't adjust . 
  [ you 're an idiot ] ( http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/census-record-51-million-immigrants-in-8-years-will-account-for-82-of-u.s.-growth/article/2563463 ), 
  still not as petty as the greeks who nearly went to war over 2 tiny unpopulated rocks and experience massive butthurt over a country 's name . 
   moldova only cooperates with romania sounds like more friends and trading partners is exactly what they need ( well , that and to get rid of the russian soldiers on their land ) . 
  why is your italian flair sideways ? 
  why did n't the romanian pm mention moldova ? 
  i know they are n't bringing much to the table , but is n't romania trying to help them along ? 
  such an alliance could really help the moldovans . 
  found the communist, 
  defending americans in / r/europe wo n't be good for your karma, 
  everyone 's media use the usa as a boogeyman . 
  * ttip will sacrifice your first born to satan !!!, 
  despite being quite poor for a us state alabama 's gdp per capita is higher than the eu 's . 
  you did n't actually dispute anything i said . 
  your response is nothing more than `` hurr durr butthurt republican '' . 
  if you do n't think bush 's incompetence , the recession , and a friendly media propelled obama to power you 're in denial of reality . 
  you mean that 's not typical in weddings in europe ? 
  pretty standard here . 
  not at all . 
   incompetence by opposition parties bush 's incompetence/unpopularity was huge in obama becoming president  economic circumstances the recession was a huge factor for all politicians who came to power when obama did . 
   widespread electoral fraud coupled with corruption , bribery , this one is the biggest stretch . 
  but accusations of electoral fraud against obama supporters are common if unprove-able . 
  there 's no known corruption/bribery unless you consider that inherit in america 's system of campaign fundraising . 
  if you do , there 's tons of it as obama was the best funded candidate in history . 
   complete control and censoring of the media . 
  he certainly does n't control/censor the media like sultan erdogan , but everyone but hardcore liberals admits the media has an extremely sycophantic relationship with obama , especially during his campaign . 
  just say you 're ` murican . 
  one-forth this and one-eighth that is our official ethnicity . 
  varies by company/job . 
  my company has paternity leave .
