  filters are the best possible solution i 'm aware of . 
  when you 're talking about global popularity , i think its notable if two-thirds of the fans are concentrated in the indian subcontinent . 
  i said in my first post that cricket is more popular because of the subcontinent 's population . 
  i still say its not `` ridiculous '' to compare the two sports . 
  but , whatever . 
  i do n't care that much . 
  i just wanted to bust the myth that only americans like baseball . 
  because of india 's ridiculously huge population . 
  and your flair looks like a st. george 's cross on mobile . 
   comparing cricket to american football and baseball is just ridiculous baseball is the most popular sport in japan . 
  its also popular in south korea , central america , the caribbean , and a few other countries in addition to the us/canada . 
  its even common in the netherlands . 
  it may be a bit less popular than cricket , largely due to india and pakistan being massive countries , but its not ridiculous to compare them . 
  id say they 're on the same general level of international popularity . 
  it just does n't seem that way through the eyes of an englishman . 
  it does n't matter what germany declares if they dont have the ability to act on it . 
  the us could have just fought off the u-boats in the atlantic and never set foot on the continent . 
  the axis in europe were n't a direct threat to america . 
  they could do little more than harass our shipping . 
  the us could have gone to war with japan and stayed out of europe . 
  til europeans attacked pearl harbor . 
  http://mobile.reuters.com/article/iduskbn0np0oe20150504 24 rafales cost $ 7 billion . 
  http://militarybudget.org/bulgaria/ bulgaria 's military budget is less than $ 1 billion . 
  they could n't buy 10 new fighters even if they tripled their defense budget . 
  their only hope is someone offering them a generous deal on used fighters . 
   and i do n't think that buying used planes is going to solve the problem . 
  i think its a great solution . 
  a new fighter costs about $ 100 million just for the airframe . 
  including a lifetime of support , its about $ 200 million per plane plus around $ 20,000 per hour to fly . 
  bulgaria ca n't afford that . 
  not in decent quantities . 
  the us has given away f-16s for free . 
  germany gave some mig-29s to poland for free . 
  with the f-35 replacing a lot of f-16s in various countries allied with bulgaria , they might be able to get a great deal . 
  block 50 + f-16s are still very capable fighters . 
  the victims may have been drugged or violently incapacitated before the attack . 
  i 'm sure stds are a concern . 
  there could be some butthole trauma involved , especially in male on male cases . 
  mental health support , etc. 
  merica, 
  to be fair , forming opinions based solely in headlines is a great reddit tradition . 
   $ 10 trillion and destabilize iraq to a point that it could foster crazies like isis thats the same as the gdp of china . 
  i somehow doubt that number . 
  it was a useful aircraft in the days before every two-bit goatfucking jihadi had manpads . 
  its fine if you think its a cool plane , but its time has come and gone . 
  its a big flying target . 
  that 's the clickbait i 'm talking about . 
  those articles get plastered all over reddit . 
  read the comments in more specialized subreddits like / r/aviation and / r/credibledefense rather than the big subs filled with retards . 
  people who know what they 're talking about can instantly point all why those articles are so misleading . 
  the internet is full of clickbait bullshit about the f-35 . 
  take everything you read about it with a mountain of salt . 
  there are legit criticisms of the f-35 , but its not vaporware . 
  there is absolutely zero doubt that it will produced in massive numbers . 
  yes , its had extensive delays . 
  but so did the eurofighter , rafale , f-16 , and almost every other combat aircraft of the last few decades . 
  he should run for british parliament, 
  he also regularly defends and minimizes soviet atrocities . 
  and of course america is the great satan . 
  like what ? 
  when berlin surrendered the soviets had more than 10 million soldiers almost entirely in eastern europe . 
  meanwhile , we were fighting a desperate japanese empire fighting more ferociously than ever . 
  having to invade the home islands was a real possibility . 
  also , unlike stalin , churchill and roosevelt/truman had an electorate to worry about . 
  quite justifiably the public waa extremely weary of war . 
   people get downvoted to the point where only the majority view is represented . 
  i do n't know whether that 's due to ` brigading ' or just because the topic is related to race/identity , i just know that that 's the reality . 
  welcome to reddit . 
  its a teenager taking out a dumbass newspaper ad . 
  no actual violence occurred . 
   killing muslims is a long standing european tradition and jews . 
  and natives of every other continent . 
  and each other . 
  pretty much everyone . 
   gw bush dilapidated the surplus he received from clinton congress makes the budget , not the president . 
  clinton had a gop congress for 6 of his 8 years . 
  twice . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electoral_college_ ( united_states ) popular vote does n't mean anything . 
  if it did , millions of conservatives in ny and ca and other blue states would n't have stayed home on election day . 
  same with liberals in solid red red states . 
  we have no idea what the popular vote would have looked like if it actually mattered . 
  considering that mccain is still alive , palin would have fuck all to do with anything . 
  the vp 's only job is to cast a tie breaking vote in the event of a 50-50 senate vote . 
  we elected obama ... twice :(, 
  obviously our system is messed up and needs reforms . 
  im pointing out that lack of money or spending too much on military has absolutely nothing to do with it . 
  america spends more per capita on education and healthcare than the eu as a whole and almost every individual member . 
  definitely not running most of the country like they used to, 
   yanks do n't read foreign media in native language ages not really something a brit can criticize us for as you 're at least as bad . 
   marriage is a human right no its not . 
  and i support gay marriage . 
   it used nato article 5 for afghanistan following 9/11 . 
  afghanistan was arguably justified all nato members unanimously agreed to invoke article 5 . 
  it was n't something the us declared . 
  if they burn big macs we will declare war . 
  the the fact that you have opinions on donald trump kinda proves my point . 
  americans dont give one single fuck who runs for office in europe . 
  we do n't care at all . 
  europeans do care about america . 
  especially areas where they feel superior .
