  0 tanks, 
   we see the only industry still alive , across the atlantic , getting lifeline . 
  we see the only source of value to the green banknotes getting a boost . 
  there we go , the big american mighty economy gets a few more years of survival . 
  what do you think reddit is ? 
  a bulgarian charity ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure its an american business . 
  do you not use products from apple , microsoft , or google ? 
  what about hollywood movies ? 
  i 'm willing to bet you utilize american industry every day of your life , none of it related to the military . 
  besides all that , as / u/mkvgtired pointed out , the vast majority german military spending goes right back into the german/eu economy . 
  from leopard tanks to eurofighter typhoons to all their small arms , its all european ( mostly german ) made, 
  [ you are n't free until you can have assault rifles at your gay weddings . 
  ] ( http://countercurrentnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/untitled-15.jpg ), 
  you can be honorary americans if you want . 
  we 'll send you some assault rifles and freedom fries . 
   this is based on self-reporting this is critical . 
  there 's no way in hell 19 % of brits speak decent french . 
  swedish soldiers spend more time in cultural sensitivity classes and gender studies seminars than they do in combat training . 
  swedish soldiers have n't been in a war since the sixth coalition against napoleon . 
  i think the last time any swede got into a fight , [ this ] ( http://a.espncdn.com/photo/2006/0928/box_a_patterson_275.jpg ) happened to ingo johansson . 
  swedes just are n't fighters . 
  estonians on the other hand fight like rabid animals . 
  yeah , we should get rid of ours and let russia and china have a monopoly, 
   there is a joke going around that estonia would declare war on sweden just to become annexed by us . 
  actually , estonia might win that one, 
   does the us pay them to do whatever they do ? 
  i doubt it . 
  but if it all did stop , i do n't know what they would do . 
  definitely they would do something . 
  they would n't let peace break out . 
  the period of us hegemony has been the most peaceful in human history, 
  there 's no shortage of praise for the f-22 from outside the us . 
  what an ignorant comment . 
  there 's no exception . 
  the rule is you 're eligible if you 're a natural born citizen . 
  regardless of where my wife gives birth to our child , he will be an american citizen at birth . 
  so uncultured that the rest of the world , including europe , consumes massive amounts of american culture . 
  i hope racial identity politics does n't become an obsession for left-wing parties in europe as it has for american democrats . 
  detroit 's government has been 100 % left-wing for decades, 
  all we need is for corbyn and sanders to become pm and president and they can join trudeau in leading the anglosphere into a left-wing utopia . 
  it will be as glorious as detroit . 
  its arab ( and some others ) culture . 
  i 've walked through very poor neighborhoods in indonesia as an obvious foreigner with pockets full of cash and had no worries whatsoever . 
  those neighborhoods were around 100 % muslim . 
   in that scenario one could also see the benelux , austria and germany merging . 
  swamp germans , mountain germans , german germans , and sideways chocolate germans, 
  american redditors are not at all representative of americans in general . 
  the eastern limit of europe is pretty arbitrary . 
  i think it 's kinda silly to be a stickler about it . 
  how about regular people amas . 
  examples : someone over the age of 40 from russia who can talk about the end of communism . 
  does n't have to be a russian . 
  any former commie country would work . 
  someone from the gdr would be interesting because they can talk about reunification . 
  a refugee to europe . 
  someone from vukovar or another place that experienced a lot of turmoil in the balkan wars . 
  someone who grew up with a grandparent who was an unrepentant nazi . 
  not a neo-nazi , a real one from germany who picked up the ideology in the 30s/40s . 
  someone from a ukrainian militia currently operating in ukraine . 
  a crimean . 
  someone from northern cyprus , transnistria , nagorno-karabakh , etc. 
  you could probably think of more . 
  there are probably many people already here on / r/europe with a story to tell . 
  if a mod made a post asking for people over age 40 from the warsaw pact we could have a panel of people from different countries answering questions . 
  just fyi gwb is the son of ghwb , the president you 're referring to . 
   also he thought she was 15 . 
  so he says . 
  there 's really not much to go on in this article . 
  maybe he really was duped . 
  or maybe he was looking for vulnerable pre-teen girls on facebook and found one . 
  if you do n't like americans maybe you should n't spend so much time on an american website . 
   xtian i 'm an atheist , but i find people like you to be way more obnoxious than most believers . 
  you think china would permit a poll like that ? 
  that website is full of shit . 
  they 're running a hate campaign against the f-35 . 
  the author of most of the hit pieces , david axe , is the least credible writer in the world . 
  go ask people in a knowledgeable subreddit like / r/aviation what they think of him, 
  \\  wants security assurances \\  joins eurozone instead of nato makes sense . 
  because no one wants to hear a briton 's anecdotes from the 50s when there are a bunch of actual italians in the thread, 
  i think video games play a major role . 
  british industry is a major partner in designing and manufacturing f-35s . 
  not really . 
  teenagers on the internet mostly . 
  if you said you 're communist in america you 'd be laughed at . 
  it would be like telling someone you 're a brony . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giuk_gap iceland 's location has significant value . 
  like its obvious . 
  i see dumber statements on reddit daily . 
  russia also finances left-wing environmentalists who campaign against fracking in the west . 
  that was the balkans , not the baltic . 
  he has a good chin, 
  i like czech republic too . 
  they make my favorite pistols . 
  ` inland !, 
  i 've always admired finns for their tremendous commie-killing skills . 
  and now i see them fighting for their right to keep and bear arms . 
  i have a new favorite yuropean country . 
   if americans were committing terrorist acts in the eu thanks to the dudes on the french train , americans have prevented more terrorist acts than we 've committed . 
  unless there 's one i 'm unaware of , the score is 1-0 .
