  that actually stands a chance of improving peoples ' lives . 
  you totally `` brought me down a peg '' with your 5th grade insult . 
  i was n't talking about random people on the internet . 
  i mean that other countries are n't going to change their ways because of pressure from sweden . 
   she is foreign minister in sweden 's weak coalition of social democrats and greens , and took office promising a feminist foreign policy . 
  a feminist foreign policy seems really silly to me . 
  anyway , sweden 's actions here are n't going to change anything . 
  other countries do n't care what sweden wants and they are n't selling anything sa ca n't get elsewhere . 
  if they want to help , i think it would be infinitely more effective to offer scholarships to saudi women and give money to ngos and stuff . 
  it just seems like she 's grandstanding . 
  i doubt it . 
  that dude could crush a tank with his massive brass balls . 
  like there are n't fat asses shopping at tesco ? 
  i did n't think danes played football . 
  actually , i did n't even know america had a national team . 
  edit : wait , you mean that kickball game mexicans play ? 
  its called soccer . 
  china wants to make money . 
  they 're unlikely to rock the boat to the point where it hampers their economy . 
  russia on the other hand respects only hard power . 
  jagr and hasek, 
  how could a country that 's such a nightmare become so prosperous and stable ? 
  let me guess , you 're far-left ? 
   maybe we should turn vergangenheitsbew\u00e4ltigung into an export you 're going to have to re-name it first . 
  its a regional power vs a global power . 
  china is a global power economically , but regional militarily and culturally . 
  the us global in every measure . 
  i 'd wager the number of combat deaths was higher in ww1 and the difference is disease and starvation . 
  not that it makes a big difference or anything . 
  get used it , deutschland . 
  being the leader makes you everyone 's scapegoat and a target for resentment . 
  just wait until politicians in other countries start campaigning on how much they wo n't follow you . 
  lol finnish is actually on my to-learn list ( well , to-dabble-in list . 
  i doubt i 'll invest the time to become even near-fluent ) . 
  it just looks so strange , even compared to other non-ie languages . 
  your language looks like a cat walked across your keyboard . 
  can a german make that joke ? 
  the split between sa and iran is severe enough that sa is allying with israel to potentially go to war with iran . 
  the shia-sunni split embodied by sa/iran is certainly a huge factor in geopolitics . 
  thanks to our hispanic population 's high birth rate , no . 
  our population is aging , but we 're in better shape than china , russia , or europe demographically . 
  by 2030s the average chinese will be over 60 years old . 
  china also has a lot more men than women due to once-child and a strong preference for boys . 
  large numbers of sexually frustrated young men are n't good for stability . 
  just promise you wo n't become smug like western europeans, 
   the ideological splits only really become a thing once two powers are more or less equal in power that 's not true at all . 
  the sino-soviet split occurred when china was much less powerful than the ussr . 
  do you think the us and cuba are equal in power ? 
  what about the ussr vs afghan/pakistani islamists in the 80s ? 
  or north korea ? 
  or the tito-stalin split ? 
   i mean , there 's no ideological split with iran or saudi arabia dominating geopolitics currently . 
  the split does exist , but iran and as are just too weak for anyone powerful to seriously bring it to the table and keep it there all the time . 
  what ? 
  are you serious ? 
  do you not watch the news ? 
  they also have remarkably few friends while the us has a vast network of allies . 
  we may bicker constantly , but china will never be a part of a bloc as tightly bound to each other as `` the west '' . 
  to say nothing of close non-western allies like japan . 
  and there 's also the international influence of american language and culture vs chinese language and culture . 
  plus the fact we 're self-sufficient on energy to the point that we 'll be net exporters of oil in a few years while china imports massive amounts of fossil fuels ( through us controlled seas ) . 
  china truly has enormous potential , but the idea that they 're nipping at america 's heels is crazy . 
  they have a lot of ground to cover and a number of obstacles to overcome . 
  china may never pass the us . 
  i mean they might , but its certainly not a given like some people think . 
  and even if they do overcome the huge demographic problems on the horizon and manage to keep their totalitarian government stable long-term , they 're still lightyears behind us militarily and in terms of soft power . 
  total gdp is just one piece of the puzzle . 
  they have n't even built their own jet engine yet , and people talk of them surpassing a nation with 11 supercarriers , 2,500 5th gen fighters on order , and fucking railguns . 
  we 've been spending massively since ww2 to build those capabilities . 
  china can not possibly catch up in a decade or two . 
   where no nato airforce would be able to penetrate . 
  [ ahem ] ( http://i.lvme.me/rafex1d.jpg )  and beyond that i do n't think any european coalition would be able to recapture the baltics . 
  murica could . 
   the purpose of the deployment is to enhance interoperability with a nato ally and with other regional air arms . 
  when the us or other nato countries deploy aircraft to estonia to help out , they need infrastructure in place . 
  if something serious happens , we wo n't have time to set up radar facilities and maintenance facilities and all that shit . 
  estonia maintains those capabilities . 
  they do n't want to be ironing out those details while t-90s are streaming across the border . 
  i think its safe to assume they have non-military roles as well like overseeing civilian air traffic . 
  i 'm sure they have capabilities for non-military emergencies like search & rescue , med-evac and such . 
  well , his flair is german and his post history contains german language posts in / r/de so i doubt it . 
   holding hands is a totally heterosexual practice in most of the muslim/arab world . 
  i remember reading that men holding hands is heterosexual in russia too . 
  or at least it was in the gulags in the 1950s according to alexander dolgun . 
  there is no credible source in the world that ranks france or britain above russia militarily . 
   russia is a shadow of what the ussr was , but it is way weaker than any leading member of nato . 
  russia is very clearly the # 2 military power in the world , well ahead of france or the uk . 
  for example france has 400 tanks . 
  russia has 15,000 + . 
  i 'll just point out the irony of you saying all that in english . 
  why would n't you get something like that in writing ? 
  its a website with < 1 % of the number of users as reddit , but with their evil racist magic they 're taking over reddit, 
   do n't really see how you can make a case that bundeswehr is less significant than the french army , either . 
  other countries consider france a threat to intervene militarily . 
  everyone knows germany wo n't intervene unless they absolutely have to , and even then it would just be token assistance to the us/uk/france . 
  and even if people did respect germany 's will to fight , france having an aircraft carrier , nuclear weapons , and ssbns does put them a notch above germany . 
  there 's no evidence any such promise was made . 
  i would have guessed that porn is your biggest export, 
  they 're kinda like herpes, 
   what does europe deliver ?
