  is tyson fury a pikey ? 
  its a legitimate point . 
  who cares how nice your plane is if you do n't have enough munitions to bomb a third world african nation weakened by civil war ? 
  well , they 're the experts on invasions into neighboring states . 
  the su-34 is a part of the su-27 family . 
  the protrusion is sometimes called the flanker wanker . 
  [ its really not particularly girthy ] ( http://2kkshl2yjf3sjonti1w1zl39v2.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/gallery/f-35-lightning-ii/rafalevsf35aey6.jpg ), 
  france/dassault were originally a part of the eurofighter project . 
  both planes were born from the same early concepts created in the early 80s . 
  i personally have a dozen handguns plus a few long-guns . 
  i own guns from the czech republic , austria , germany , russia , and belgium . 
  you euros make nice guns even if many of you ca n't own them . 
  raf . 
  the us , uk , and france are currently conducting exercises in virginia . 
  this was photo was recently taken there . 
  they also have experience being conquered and ruled by russia . 
  the war is already well under way . 
  they will criticize america all day long from the sidelines , but despise getting their own hands dirty . 
  if you think western policy in the me is stupid , step up and help shape the policy . 
   thing is , ee countries are acting like republicans in the us . 
  '' mah white people , we gon ' be conquerred by islomuslims !! '', 
  in the polls for the republican presidential nomination , three of the top four candidates are non-white . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/uss_cole_bombing there 's a good reason the usn is cautious of small craft approaching . 
  america is actually much wealthier than most of western europe . 
  gdp per capita in so-called germoney is $ 46k vs $ 55k in the us . 
  the uk would be the second poorest us state . 
  but because we 're more right wing and dont care so much for socialist policies we 're somewhere between chimpanzees and neanderthals to western euros . 
   ukrainians and slavs in general are not considered `` white '' by western europe and usa because being white today has nothing to do with skin color . 
  americans definitely do n't feel that way . 
  a pretty huge chunk of the white population here has slavic ancestry . 
  personally , i prefer east euros to western euros . 
  they dont have the same douchey smug attitude a lot of western euros have . 
  they 're just asking for token participation to show there 's widespread support for the cause . 
   operational cost for a whole carrier group is estimated at $ 6,5 mil . 
  a day . 
  this sums up to 2.4 billion usd per carrier group . 
  given that the us currently operates 10 carriers , this puts them at 24 billion a year just for the supercarriers . 
  most american carriers are sitting at home in port most of the time . 
  only 3 or 4 are operating at any given time . 
  we certainly are not operating all 10 carriers 365 days per year , which would be completely impossible . 
  i defend islam all the time . 
  i 'm no islamophobe . 
  but this article feels fabricated to me . 
  italy spends 1.1 % of gdp on its military . 
  1.0 % -1.1 % is as low as it gets in the world except for microstates with no military and some poor dysfunctional third world countries . 
   would require poland to get new f 35 type fighter as usa will discontinue the authenticate and arm systems for the f 16 once the f 35 is fly able . 
  this is sort off for alot of the nucleair sharing countries the sole choice for in the end buying american made fighters instead of the more quality/buck eurofighter . 
  the f-35 is significantly cheaper than the eurofighter . 
  north korea is a superpower to you ? 
  this has been a persistent problem for germany . 
   i guess america has somewhat of a cruel solution to this . 
  they have some prison where you are in total isolation all the time . 
  it stops them recruiting and becoming extreme , but its basically a form of torture . 
  its entire population is murderers , almost exclusively inmates who have committed additional murders in regular prisons . 
  pax americana is great huh ? 
  also having a syrian government friendly towards russia is useful for blocking gas pipelines from the middle east that would lessen eu dependence on russian gas . 
   furthermore , citizens united was a terrible , terrible blow that now helps aid corruption in the us even more . 
  [ the aclu says you 're a dope ] ( https://www.aclu.org/aclu-and-citizens-united ), 
   i 'm pretty sure that i 've never seen someone who knows what the citizens united decision was about have such a black-and-white opinion , especially given that it has nothing whatsoever to do with protectionism . 
  free trade and citizens united are the two things that generate the strongest reactions from people who dont understand them . 
  because ... 
  corporations !!!, 
  they 're gon na get you !, 
  the smaller a country/language the less its able to support a reddit-like website . 
  less than 5 million people speak finnish . 
  finnish people dont have a practically infinite number of websites like french and spanish speakers . 
   one reason to invoke the eu 's mutual defense clause instead of nato might be specifically because france wants to work independently of the us . 
  the problem with that is that all of europe combined ca n't match america 's capabilities . 
  its a north korea-tier tactic, 
  its not like we invented precision guided bombs or anything, 
  you know your country sells the saudis eurofighters and supports them too ? 
  i think its both . 
  sanders is genuinely wildly popular with reddit demographic ( mostly teenagers ) and there probably is also some manipulation . 
  he meant what he said . 
  we 've elected tons of idiots and we 're still the world 's most prosperous and powerful country . 
  these buffoons just cant fuck it up mo matter how hard they try . 
  it will be public for a full year before its voted on . 
  its only secret during the negotiations , as all trade deals are . 
  american officials vocally criticized the deal when it was signed in 2010 . 
  god smiles upon drunkards , fools , and the united states of america . 
  no matter how many incompetents we elect , we keep cruising along . 
  french and german opinion of the us skyrocketed when obama was elected . 
  poland 's opinion actually went down a hair at the time . 
  in 2015 , italy , spain , and poland have their highest approval of the us on record . 
  russia is at an all-time low . 
  i find it interesting that france is significantly more pro-america than germany . 
  our anglobros are consistently middle of the pack , and apparently the greeks do n't like us much . 
  and norway has lots of coastline , offshore oil fields to protect , a border with russia , claims in the arctic which are a potential hotspot , and the government has plenty of money . 
  i think you guys should be one of the higher countries . 
  trident is american . 
  the missiles are built by lockeed in california and leased from america to the uk . 
  british personnel are trained in their use in georgia , usa . 
   but let me recall uk 's trident program had as one of the motivations the concern the us would not come in uk aid in case of a nuclear attack from the ussr . 
  if so , why are they using an american missile system ? 
  would n't they develop their own system like france ? 
   in twenty years from now as the us is progressively weaker the us is not getting weaker . 
  china is getting stronger , but that has little to do with europe . 
  national governments have protectionist tendencies . 
  there 's no way i 'd trust eu courts to give us tech companies a fair shake . 
  they have a massive hate-boner for companies like amazon and google .
