  his flair says he 's an armenian living in america and his use of the word `` whilst '' indicates that he did n't learn english in america ( we never use that word ) . 
   eu does n't `` follow '' the us like it 's our leader . 
  you may not like it but yes they do . 
  this makes the balkans threads look tame, 
  margrethe vs elizabeth cage match for the monarch of denmark-canada . 
  its an integral part of the business . 
  whenever a poorer country buys new stuff , you can bet bribes were involved . 
  when a country like egypt buys rafales , or south africa buys gripens , its a guarantee bribes were involved . 
  even the [ richest , most self-righteous countries do it . 
  ] ( http://www.pbs.org/frontlineworld/stories/bribe/2009/03/sweden-uncovering-the-secret-deals.html ), 
  because you country is dominated by left-wing and center-let parties . 
   i 'm conservative-libertarian well are n't you on the wrong continent . 
   i really should look into history of modern arms trade and see how much was sold and used in later wars . 
  a shit-load . 
  the us and ussr armed many countries . 
  we should [ share ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_sharing#nato ) some nukes with eesti . 
  that would rustle putin 's jimmies . 
  uk and france dragged us along that time, 
   seriously believing that the danes were god 's chossen people danes thought they were americans ? 
  unless its america , where literally no one has health insurance and every day you do n't get gunned down in a mass shooting is a miracle . 
   additional positive would be greater world influence for every eu member . 
  i think the eu would have * less * influence . 
  right now the eu has at least 2 members that command respect . 
  once those 2 countries are hamstrung by the * soldaten sind m\u00f6rder * crowd the whole world will know europe is militarily irrelevant . 
  the aversion to hard power that is dominate outside of a few countries is delusional and completely impractical . 
  everyone outside of left-wing europeans realize that . 
  perhaps the biggest factor in a nation 's hard power is the perceived willingness to use their assets . 
  everyone knows the us and russia are willing to fight , and that 's why they 're feared . 
  outside of france and the uk , eu countries command zero respect militarily . 
   world 's largest economic and second largest military super power . 
  i just want to point out that the us has been growing at a much faster rate economically than the eu for years now and will surpass the eu very soon . 
   all of these problems would be solved by a united european foreign policy and armed forces . 
  all those problems can be solved simply by taking defense seriously and not treating military budgets as something that exists to be cut regularly . 
  and eu countries can show a united front in foreign policy without having a unified military . 
  and how is your plan realistically possible ? 
  you say members would `` just have to make sacrifices '' and `` just have to forgo ... '' . 
  but how do you convince them of that ? 
  how many britons are already pissed about `` sacrificing sovereignty '' and voting ukip over it ? 
  pushing a unified military would give nigel farage a boner because he knows how voters will react . 
  france also takes huge pride in being a great power . 
  they get butthurt if french is n't an official language of something . 
  they wo n't even tolerate nato bases on their soil . 
  i ca n't imagine them sacrificing ultimate control of their military . 
  a unified military is a pipe dream without widespread support in those two countries . 
   purchases of excess post-war materials to this day surplus wwii guns are cheap and plentiful at gun shows ( bet you guys have never been to one of those ) . 
  i ca n't even fathom the amount of arms floating around in 1948 . 
   it is not fine . 
  as it stands europe is incapable of defending itself from russian aggression without relying on nato . 
  not incapable , unwilling . 
  big difference . 
   if you do n't like the iraq analogy , think france in 1940s so you 're going to spend the first few years collaborating with limited resistance ? 
   the problem is you 're imaginging that a european common foreign policy would be micro managed by all of the heads of government simultaneously , like the sanctions are i 'm imagining the eu acting like the eu . 
  sweden has n't been in a real war since the lifetime of napoleon . 
  how do you reconcile them and all the other relatively pacifist countries with a nation like france ? 
  and more fundamentally , what problems does this solve ? 
  europe 's military problems are not related to a lack of integration . 
  they also lost access to subcontractors and suppliers of raw materials in ukraine . 
  and they 're also having troubles in their export relationship with india , which is huge for russia 's defense industry . 
  but still , they 've already made a lot of progress in their modernization plan , and they 're showing strong commitment to slash everything in the budget except defense spending . 
  they 're hellbent on this . 
  things definitely wo n't go completely as they hoped for ( like the pak fa ) , but they will complete their plans for the most part . 
  a lot of that would be made up for by soldiers spending their paychecks in estonia and jobs for local civilians . 
  keep in mind that estonia has the population of sofia , bulgaria . 
   [ the figure for the rafale was usd 16500 per flying hour ... 
  but jane 's estimate of the actual cost per flying hour for the eurofighter ... up to usd 18000 ... jane 's cites royal australian air force ( raaf ) estimates for the conventional f-35 a. . . to amount to usd 21000 per hour of flight . 
  ] ( http://www.stratpost.com/gripen-operational-cost-lowest-of-all-western-fighters-janes ) and of course there 's the ~ $ 100 million price tag to buy one . 
  military command requires swift , decisive decision-making . 
  i 'd bet anything a the command of a unified eu military would be a bureaucratic clusterfuck . 
  the eu wo n't even be able to agree to extend the russian sanctions in july , and you think they 'd do a good job directing an army ? 
  and it does n't solve the root problem . 
  too many countries just do n't take defense seriously or make the necessary commitments . 
  military re-organizations wo n't solve that . 
  all germany needs to be a military powerhouse is to take collective defense seriously . 
  they have more than enough resources . 
  unifying wo n't solve their problems . 
   at the start of the 1980 's there were over 30,000 nato tanks and over 70,000 warsaw pact tanks . 
  1981 belgium had 3 times as many tanks as 2015 germany . 
  israel was militarized to an extent the western world has n't known since ww2 . 
  to this day the entire country is practically a military base . 
  its not reasonable to expect the baltics to militarize their whole society like that . 
  they should n't have to . 
  tanks , fighters , and warships would be a huge waste of money for the baltics . 
  one rafale/typhoon/f -35 costs $ 100 million dollars . 
  that would be 20 % of estonia 's military budget to buy one freakin jet ( and they are almost alone in europe in meeting nato 's 2 % guideline ) . 
  and that 's ignoring the fact they cost thousands of dollars per hour to fly and use million dollar missiles . 
  even second hand f-16s would be a waste . 
  it would be way smarter to use their money for anti-air weapons , anti-armor weapons , c3 , and lots of good training . 
  russia could wipe out a tiny air force or a couple of tanks in hours . 
  but a bunch of well-trained estonians and latvians with javelins and stingers would be a nightmare for russian invaders . 
  i 'm a huge critic of bigger , wealthier countries letting their military rot . 
  especially the germans . 
  but i have no problems at all with my tax dollars defending the baltic states . 
  do you know any * honkbal * fans ? 
  the dutch do well in international tournaments due to players from the dutch caribbean . 
  you [ dominate the other euros ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_baseball_championship ) for whatever that 's worth . 
   how exactly did the us win the cold war ? 
  because their opponent collapsed ? 
   i am saying that even 10 % or 20 % of gdp would not help against russia unless sweeden with its population of 10mil would be pushing that money in to nukes , icbms and submarines that are always out there 24/7 ready to retaliate in case of russias first strike . 
  sweden is very rich and has a good domestic arms industry . 
  they would n't have to build an army capable of slogging it out with russia , just one that 's formidable enough to be a strong deterrent .
