   russia is isolating itself from the west , not the world . 
  to be extremely blunt , most of the world does n't matter . 
  the west , and western-aligned countries like japan , account for over half the world 's gdp . 
  russia is still doing ok with important countries like india , but alienating the west is a huge deal . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_the_largest_trading_partners_of_russia  ties with china are expanding . 
  not really . 
  they 'll sometimes cooperate when their interests align ( like any 2 countries ) , but they are by no means great allies . 
  as has been demonstrated by the russians selling missiles to vietnam a few weeks ago infuriating the prc . 
  most of reddit is , however . 
  the only time / r/worldnews comments take the american side is when its anti-russia . 
  actually , its similar to this sub in that regard . 
  we paid for most of the space station she set the record in . 
  you have three posts in this thread talking about how shitty the us is . 
  yet the article has absolutely nothing do with america . 
  did your girlfriend leave you for an american ? 
  were you molested by one as a child ? 
  or are you just a retard ? 
  does n't make him wrong overall, 
  as a gun-toting right-wing american , i usually think the reddit hivemind is retarded . 
  but today i actually agree with the circlejerk . 
  any subject can be turned into a america is terrible diatribe . 
   why bother having a military budget that does n't help increase scientific and education standards europe-wise ? 
  our military industrial complex should not be like the americans . 
  the us military created gps . 
  and duct tape . 
  and a jillion other things along with making huge contributions to civilian aviation , medicine , nuclear power , computers , the internet , etc. 
   not actually sure why the main lithuanian ship is not participating ? 
  i would guess that there is n't a role for minelayers in this exercise . 
  i 'm no naval expert , but other types of ships probably benefit more from international training exercises . 
   europe has the ability to create a force with lots of power . 
  really ? 
  where is the extra $ 100 billion going to come from ? 
  divorcing from the us means the eu will have to do things like be prepared to keep major shipping lanes open . 
  europe can not afford major blue-water naval expansions without some rather significant budgetary changes , most likely some rollbacks of the welfare state . 
  diverting billions from welfare to aircraft carriers is political suicide . 
   and ? 
  meaningless if the eu and us split , you think that its meaningless that your country likes the us more than the eu ? 
   dismissing it like that just makes you look silly . 
  you are dismissing it yourself by admitting there 's no political will for it . 
   there would be only one major change within a euto . 
  the removal of huge us influence it would be bigger than that . 
  you 'd be splitting the western bloc in half . 
  canada , australia , japan , south korea , and various other close us allies like the philippines would stick with the us . 
  hell , even some european countries might prefer a us military alliance to a european one . 
  if i was estonian i sure as hell would . 
  even your own country could conceivably decide to side with america over europe . 
  the us has a higher approval rating than the eu does among britons . 
   if europe is willing , a very powerful euto could be a good replacement of nato . 
  if kate upton was willing , she 'd be a great wife for me . 
  euto is just mental masturbation for people who do n't like america . 
   and also , relative peace has been mainly kept by having a force powerful enough for others to not dare attack , that and nuclear weapons are a huge factor . 
  aka the usa . 
  i want a unicorn that shits gold . 
  and i 'll get one before european countries have the political will to spend tens of billions more on military hardware . 
  and the close alignment of nearly all the world 's developed countries is what has kept the world at relative peace since 1945 . 
  breaking that apart is not a smart move . 
   by joining a gigantic military treaty organization , you are only once again setting a pretense for a world war , and while the scope of nato may make it appear invincible , it does not reduce the probability of large scale war , and large scale death . 
  there has n't been a great war since nato was formed , and that 's not a coincidence . 
   and besides , who knows how many fins may be sent to die in petty conflict in the middle east , where you would have no business if you stayed out of nato . 
  several members told the us to fuck off in ' 03 , and they would do it again . 
  nato does n't oblige you to participate in those conflicts . 
  and even in some alternate universe where finland does help invade iraq , realistically they 'd be operating a field hospital or supply depot far behind the lines like every other tiny nation that joins a us-led coalition . 
  no finn would be `` sent to die '' . 
  east thrace , the european portion of turkey , has a higher population than portugal . 
  the predecessor of modern turkey was a major european power for centuries . 
  prior to that anatolia was under centuries of hellenic influence . 
  its an integral part of europe historically . 
  it has a 23,000 sq km geographic presence in europe . 
  and its aligned with most of europe militarily through nato . 
  maybe snowden is looking for a roommate, 
  there are only a handful of countries who can make their own fighters . 
   the world bank calls it an upper-middle income nation . 
  according this [ this world bank website ] ( http://econ.worldbank.org/wbsite/external/datastatistics/0,,contentmdk:20421402~menupk:64133156~pagepk:64133150~pipk:64133175~thesitepk:239419,00.html ) they are lower middle income along with economic powerhouses like gaza , timor leste ( where more than 50 % of children are malnourished ) , and much of sub-saharan africa . 
  [ a recent report titled measurement and economic analysis of urban poverty showed that between 44.5 percent and 55 percent of iran 's urban population lives below the poverty line ... 
  poverty in iran , as defined by the iranian government , means a monthly income of less than 180,000 toman , the equivalent of roughly $ 600 , for a family of five people . 
  ] ( http://www.ncr-iran.org/en/news/society/17970-70-per-cent-of-iranian-workers-living-in-poverty-regime-admits ), 
  http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd/countries/ir?display=graph the world bank is n't exactly fox news . 
  they are poor . 
   look at all the poor oil states the world has . 
  there are a bunch . 
  all of those countries export more oil than norway . 
  i guess the english were right all this time, 
  reddit is an american company . 
  even with adblocker you 're still increasing their traffic which increases the value of the company . 
  i guess everyone who does n't like america should delete their account . 
  im sure it is a much newer . 
  just saying that it does happen some times even if not this instance . 
  there are places in america , including a river near my town , with names derived from long-extinct native american languages . 
  and magazines, 
  that does n't disprove my point at all . 
  what i 'm saying is that even educated affluent people cluster together with people they identify with . 
  if you take 1,000 japanese people with phds , move them to paris and give them good jobs , i guarantee you they will stick together and even their kids with socialize mostly with each other . 
  even the following generation , born in france , would probably still remain fairly clustered . 
  [ the wealthiest religious group in america is hindus ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2009/01/30/income-distribution-within-us-religious-groups/ ) . 
  other asian ethnics groups are also more successful than average , yet are still pretty insular . 
  even if everyone had equal income/assets people would still cluster with those they consider to be a part of their in-group . 
  of course economics is a factor . 
  but i would n't say its `` mostly about income '' . 
  humans are extremely tribal creatures . 
  people will always cluster with those they consider to be a part of their in-group .
