  i think any well-developed country could develop nukes pretty easily . 
  i think japan could do it the fastest out of all the currently non-nuclear countries . 
  we 're patriotic , but we do n't care about other countries very much . 
  we think we 're the best without disparaging other countries , in contrast to euros who love to disparage other countries ( mainly the us ) . 
  america : we 're the best because freedom/richest , most powerful country/we invent everything/etc . 
  europe : we 're the best because americans are fat retards and their country is shithole . 
  how are we supposed to keep track of everyone we 've bombed ? 
  we 're buying 2,500 f-35s for ourselves . 
  several other countries will be buying 100 + . 
  i doubt the netherlands ' 37 planes is that big of a deal to anyone . 
  they 're rarely about the combat in ukraine . 
  the russia posts are usually about their paid trolls , their economy , gay rights , gazprom , etc. 
   get some public debate going . 
  the public discourse on ttip has been shitshow of ignorance . 
  hes like the british bernie sanders, 
  i do n't tell you how to speak french . 
  almost the entire anglosphere outside the uk calls it soccer . 
   also many feel that it 's a national tragedy that we let the germans travel by train straight through our nation . 
  do n't forget all the iron ore you sold them . 
   you know when wars break out you ca n't just magic an army out of nowhere ? 
  pay attention europe of 2015 . 
  freedom !, 
   is the japanese navy even allowed to have one of these ? 
  yes . 
  they have several very similar ships in service . 
  theyd much rather support thousands of jobs at home . 
   and why does n't south korea have any use for them ? 
  because they would n't be very useful if china or nk attacked , which is pretty much all they 're concerned with . 
  countries hate importing expensive hardware they can build themselves . 
  if japan is going to spend hundreds of millions on warships they 're going to spend it on their own domestic industry . 
  all of those countries you listed are not candidates . 
  you pulled them out of your ass . 
  france would n't sell to the roc due to pressure from the prc . 
  thats if roc would be interested , and they wouldnt be . 
  japan for reasons already mentioned . 
  philippines dont have nearly enough money . 
  korea has zero use for them . 
   this does seem to be a trend with non-western nations . 
  treating combat exercises as a prestige thing rather than a `` we want to win fucking wars '' thing . 
  its not so much non-western nations as ones who are lower on the totem pole than their training adversary . 
  i guarantee you the raf would consider it a prestige thing if they were facing the usaf rather than india . 
  the market for fighters is absurdly competitive . 
  except for russia , everyone with an aerospace industry has been cutting defense budgets for years so everyone is looking for international sales to supplement domestic orders . 
  companies like dassault are desperate for export orders . 
  the rafale was developed with the assumption that it would be successful internationally . 
  the indians * should * be extremely demanding . 
  im sure they 'll extract very favorable terms from someone eventually . 
  likely the eurofighter group since india is still butthurt at the us for the sanctions we applied in the 90s over their nuclear program . 
   there are extremist christians who commit violent acts against things that do n't fit in with their religion ( for example , just think about abortion clinics and about some of the things that have been dont against people who are gay ) . 
  and extreme leftists like the weathermen and red army faction . 
  it not just religious people . 
  people like to paint muslims with a broad brush , but its a massive and extremely diverse group of people . 
  malaysia , azerbaijan , and saudi arabia are vastly different countries with vastly different cultures . 
  arabs , who are only 15 % to 20 % of muslims worldwide , seem to account for a very high percentage of the craziness . 
  i think arab culture needs critiqued more than the entire religion . 
  i 'm not saying they 're the only crazy ones , but they are by far the worst offender . 
  btw mods , before you delete this , islam ! = immigration . 
  islam has been a continuous presence in europe for centuries . 
  we regularly skirt their airspace with intelligence gathering assets . 
  does n't grab headlines like strategic bombers . 
   how much time you can spend masturbating per day ? 
  sounds like a challenge . 
   the us has given more ` free shit ' to non-nato partners than nato partners . 
  europe is a small part of the world . 
  as global hegemon we have friends , deals , and interest everywhere . 
  we have many allies outside of nato . 
  that does n't take away from what we 've given to nato friends . 
   but to that i have to ask you : have you every visited a us military storage yard ? 
  small , relatively poor countries have no use for most of that stuff . 
  estonia does n't want our old f-16s even for free . 
  $ 10-15 ,000 per flight hour plus million dollar ordnance would be a huge waste of their limited resources , even if the airframes are free . 
  they would n't even want tanks for free . 
   frankly i 'm ashamed america has n't donated more kit newly-minted nato members in the east . 
  we 've given mountains of free shit to nato allies . 
  if nothing else it makes the us feel better about helping them if needed . 
  its easier to help someone who is doing all they reasonably can vs some of the freeloaders in europe . 
  and having the us as a steadfast ally is the most important part of their defense strategy . 
  i dont care about it . 
  i challenge you to find anything in my extensive post history about immigation . 
  seeing mods run the sub according to their political agenda bothers me anyway . 
  fuck the mods, 
  that was yurop leading the way in libya . 
  even if a lot of immigration stuff is coming from brigaders , i think its clear there are also plenty of legitimate users who think its a major issue and dont want these stories artificially removed from their front page . 
  i feel like youre disregarding them because you dont like their opinions . 
  is n't the situation quite similar in many other eu countries ? 
  for example france and fn , sweden and sd , etc ? 
  i sincerely could n't care less about european immigration . 
  but i really do n't like this idea . 
  just add a button to the sidebar that people can click to filter these threads . 
  anyone who does n't want to see them does n't have to . 
  those territories actually do have congressmen . 
  they even have committee assignments and everything . 
  they just ca n't vote . 
  its not quite as useless as it sounds . 
   that guy loves to talk without saying anything meaningful ( its how he got elected ... ) . 
  i think that 's pretty common for politicians everywhere . 
  i think the baltic states help pay for their air policing, 
  is not the mod officially deciding to sell stuff . 
  its corrupt officers who permeate the military . 
  many of them do n't give a fuck if they can get rich .
