even if they match the us in gdp , the gdp per capita will be 1/4th america 's . 
  millions of chinese in rural areas do n't even having running water . 
  thousands die annually from diseases that have been eradicated in the western world . 
  they have a long , long way to go . 
  plus china lacks close allies . 
  the eu , us and other western nations will always be close friends . 
  and china will never match the military of us/nato, 
   especially with china and india on the rise , even usa is going to be in trouble . 
  china 's gdp is half that of the us , and india 's is 1/9th . 
  not to mention the differences in military might and cultural influence . 
  it will be quite a while before america 's status as megapower is threatened . 
  he starts with actual stats , then makes his own ridiculous assumptions and adjustments . 
  its quite ridiculous if you actually read it . 
  just cite figures from legit sources without some blogger with an agenda twisting the numbers . 
  your original assertion is completely false and unfounded . 
  please cite a source better than some guy 's wordpress blog . 
  he claims that the us underreports crime massively , which dubious . 
  if you 're scared of going to the us you must soil your pants at the thought of going to south america ( or most places outside of europe for that matter ) do you realize the american violent crime rate is significantly lower than , say , england ? 
  and * we 're * the warmongers ? 
  turkey man looks like a cross between stalin and saddam hussein . 
  by all means , debunk it if its off the mark . 
  that tingling in your pants is a freedom boner, 
  its not like american tanks rolled into eastern europe , planted a nato flag , and said `` you belong to us now '' . 
  those countries wanted to join nato ( and the eu ) . 
  do you really think russia should be allowed to dictate to other sovereign nations what organizations they 're allowed to join ? 
  czech small arms are top notch . 
  they have a strong tradition of producing good arms in the czech republic . 
  it was a major boost for hitler to capture the industry pretty much totally in tact . 
  it was czech-made weapons that allowed the israelis to beat the arabs in ' 48 . 
  and throughout the cold war the czechs had better pistols and rifles than the soviets . 
  to this day american gun nuts ( myself included ) rate czech guns highly . 
  i have several that have seen high round counts . 
  i have no opinions on what the uk should do with regards to the eu . 
  but i enjoy farage purely because of the butthurt he generates . 
  [ murica ] ( http://ww1.hdnux.com/photos/24/30/30/5342744/7/622x350.jpg ), 
  the last protest i went to , i carried an ar-15 to the steps of my state 's capitol building . 
  most of the crowd was armed . 
  obviously we have n't been as good at protecting our less tangible rights , and you euros do n't get the gun thing at all , but i enjoy being able to protest while heavily armed . 
   reactionary islam was clearly preferable to left-wing christianity - and of course vastly preferable to secular atheism . 
  they us and uk did n't care about religion . 
  they just did n't want communists . 
  since i do n't follow the politics of irrelevant countries , i had to google the swedish democrats . 
  wikipedia tells me that `` the party had its roots in swedish fascism , and was a part of the white supremacy movement '' and it uses the slogan * keep sweden swedish ( bevara sverige svenskt ) * . 
  that 's definitely not comparable to american republicans . 
  does n't sweden 's racist party have 50 seats in parliament ? 
  not a single one of those people hold any office . 
  they 're mostly pundits who intentionally say outrageous things to get people riled up because its good for rating/profits . 
  your country probably has similar loudmouths , but they are n't internationally famous because your country is much less relevant . 
  i 'm very glad that in my country the only far leftists we have to deal with are dumb kids on the internet, 
  his country has a similar population to the state of maryland and it was n't even a sovereign nation within the last generation . 
  if you want to talk shit , pick someone a little closer to your weight class . 
  plenty germans , russians , limeys , and frenchmen to make fun of . 
   older generations would perhaps mention boxer `` ingo '' johansson becomming heavyweight world champion floyd patterson knocking johansson out in the re-match was brutal . 
  he was unconscious with his leg twitching looking like he suffered serious brain damage . 
  patterson knelt , cradled johansson 's unconscious head , and sobbed . 
  patterson was an interesting guy . 
  a champion heavyweight boxer who * hated * hurting people . 
  patterson and johansson would become lifelong friends , each taking a cross-atlantic trip to visit each other every year until the 1990s when they both were seriously affected by alzheimer 's . 
   we have secured our borders and are accepting only a limited number of refugees for resettlement in europe , i 'm beginning to doubt europe 's ability to ever get its shit together on the migrant issue . 
  if the west does n't sell weapons to the saudis , what do you think the saudis would do ? 
  just go without ? 
  they 'd cozy up to the only other country capable of meeting their defense needs , russia . 
  a russia-saudi alliance would hold the world economy in the palm of their hands due their dominance in energy exports . 
  and the saudis would be able to get away with anything . 
  at least now we have some influence over them . 
  not selling weapons to the saudis sounds great , but its naive . 
  we can choose between a shitty situation , and a * really * shitty situation . 
  i 'd also like to point out that without billion dollar exports , largely to shitty countries , the european defense industry could n't survive without being scaled back significantly . 
  there are n't enough domestic orders to support the mega-billion development costs . 
  start meeting the 2 % guidelines and you wo n't be slaves to exports . 
  the biggest political headlines out of the uk right now are about cameron fucking a dead pig . 
  yet leftists are circlejerking about how the media is out to get * corbyn * . 
  the media has a bias towards sensationalism , regardless of the politician . 
  but people only care when its their guy . 
   just like the british petroleum disaster that is literally the name of the company . 
  the israeli military is of a much , much higher quality than egypt 's . 
   what really bothers me is to see a lot of russians dressed fully by western fashion , using an iphone , driving a bmw , using a windows-powered computer etc and then claim how evil west eu-europeans do the same thing with america . 
  constantly . 
  often on this very website . 
  * america is a corporate-run , right-wing shithole filled with nationalistic fat idiots who are responsible for all the world 's ills and europe 's problems . 
  why ca n't they be more enlightened like us ? * ... 
  sent to reddit ( in english ) from my windows computer while pirating the latest avengers movie and wearing nikes and drinking a pepsi . 
  i agree . 
  i just see a lot of smug europeans criticizing america for selling weapons to bad guys when europe is * at least * as bad and it bugs me . 
  all of the oppressive gulf states funding extremists and using slave labor are using eurofighters , rafales , leopards , leclercs , etc. 
  but america gets 90 % of the criticism . 
   i 'm pretty sure that 's the same thought the us government had a few years before good ol' saddam went all apeshit on kuwait . 
  as if europe did n't sell saddam a shit-ton of hardware ? 
  the first thing coalition forces had to deal with was a brand new french-installed air defense system . 
  using purchases to develop a diplomatic relationship is a part of almost every big arms deal . 
  but there 's more to this one . 
  capital ships are a prestige thing . 
  egypt is hardly the first country to buy a big ship they do n't really need so they can say '' * my country stronk !, 
  * '' they 're also quite useful for anti-submarine warfare , which could actually come in handy . 
  for the french , its purely about money . 
  and its wrong to say egypt has no regional ambitions . 
  they 've long strived to be the leader of the arab world , especially militarily . 
  who does n't recognize it ? 
   more expensive than any modern plane beside the american stealth fighters f-35 is actually cheaper than the eurofighter  also zero stealth and thrust vector capabilities while not a true stealth aircraft , the eurofighter is somewhat stealthy , particularly from the front . 
  canada is the # 1 freerider .
