  those are two game changing factors . 
  the scenario we 're discussing is the deterrence value of article 5 . 
  korea has nothing to do with that . 
  no they are n't . 
  putin is n't the psychopath the clickbait headlines lead people to believe . 
  he may be a tyrant , but he 's not dumb/crazy/unstable / etc. 
  if it was n't for the drop in oil prices he would have gotten away with his shenanigans with practically no consequences . 
  putin is a smart , shrewd operator . 
  wait ... you 're not the same ? 
   like most people , you forget that the baltics are part of a much stronger military alliance : the eu . 
  the idea that the eu is a stronger military alliance than nato is retarded . 
  you 'll be calling us after 3 days when you run out of bombs again . 
  no , and no one will . 
  which is the whole point . 
  deterrence . 
  it worked through the whole cold war when russia was far stronger than they are now . 
  china is one of everyone 's biggest partners . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 're in europe regardless . 
   our country is the birthplace of almost every modern invention we use you 're american ? 
   needed to drag us in to their wars in the middle east says everything . 
  we certainly do n't need you for your military capabilities . 
  its so we can act like we have broad international support . 
  our only political problem with guns is that some people want to restrict them more . 
  you 're also hosting american nuclear weapons . 
  the low countries are fairly high up russia 's to-nuke list if shit goes sideways . 
  did n't you know america is basically a big nazi germany filled with fat people ? 
  he 's a french citizen . 
  implying that greeks have money to withdrawal, 
  then go by upvote totals or number of comments . 
  its the same basic result with any metric . 
   when the majority of posters are from / r/european [ 1 ] and / r/coontown [ 2 ] , you know you have a problem . 
  / r/european has 4,000 subscribers . 
  / r/coontown has 16,000 ( most of whom probably are n't even european and do n't give a shit about this sub ) / r/europe has 375,000 subscribers, 
  because the french and german governments know that everyone is spying on everyone else . 
  they know their own intelligence services are spying on the us . 
  their outrage is just an act for public consumption . 
  i think the best argument is that this is on the periphery of europe . 
  i live in pennsylvania . 
  my local news covers events in new jersey that they would n't cover if they happened in california . 
  which is i think is completely understandable . 
  if it was n't clearly labeled a celtic language i would have assumed it was french . 
  i get the feeling they 're anti-immigration , and that 's all they truly care about . 
  they 're not right or left . 
  they 're single-issue . 
  the positions they take on other issues are chosen opportunistically to help them get the maximum votes to push the one issue they care about . 
  they do n't care about left/right ideology . 
   environmentalism does n't russia fund anti-fracking campaigns in the west ? 
   when this happens , do you think nato 's going to risk nuclear war to save narva ? 
  yes . 
  we are america . 
  we love swinging our massive dick around . 
  children were raped . 
  the police let it slide because of `` community tensions '' . 
  you do n't have to be a nationalist to be outraged . 
   literally shit on east europeans . 
  [ really ? 
  ] ( http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/thats-my-fetish-gifs.jpg ), 
  i 'm totally fine with this . 
  its their job . 
  its spying on american citizens i dislike . 
  i 'm an atheist myself . 
  thinking that the subset of atheists who post in / r/atheism are douchebags does n't make me anti-atheist . 
  what ? 
  america is forcing greeks to spend their money on the military ? 
  if we can do that why ca n't we get anyone else in europe to spend on military ? 
   we 've had zero practice bombing kids and weddings . 
  [ really ? 
  ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/real-life-stories/manchester-ira-bomb-bride-marriage-3585048 ), 
  the reason its unthinkable for russia to invade is because some countries actually do take their military seriously , thus effectively deterring aggression . 
  canada is n't a leader and nobody looks to them to become one . 
  their population and economy is less than half of germany . 
  germany on the other hand does find itself in a leadership position as the biggest/wealthiest country in the eu . 
  when eu/nato countries in the east are nervous about russia , they look to america for reassurance . 
  germany * could * fill that role instead but they refuse it . 
  with that said , canada should meet the 2 % just like everyone else should . 
  but its understandable why germany is a much bigger target for criticism . 
  i 'm learning indonesian . 
  i talk to indonesian muslims almost daily . 
  so far they 've all been very cool . 
  my most frequent practice partner is a huge fan of 80s hair metal . 
  he 's also keenly interested in the hebrew language . 
  arab muslims are a minority of muslims worldwide . 
  like / r/atheism . 
  in a few years most of them will be regular non-believers . 
  but for now they 're edgy anti-theist neckbeards . 
  our debt to gdp ratio is better than uk , france , italy , portugal , belgium , greece , ireland , and iceland . 
  and our treasury securities are the world 's gold standard . 
  he 's european . 
  being able to defend yourself is abnormal to him . 
  [ mrw the greatest briton ever is half-american ] ( http://ak-hdl.buzzfed.com/static/2014-02/enhanced/webdr06/25/20/anigif_enhanced-6574-1393376497-2.gif ), 
   watching how much people in the us kick and scream over the not-remotely-plausible-threat of spanish becoming more-prevalent , i have n't seen any `` kicking and screaming '' over that . 
  and also the frenchies will fight tooth and nail against english becoming the sole official language . 
  you 're like the high school retards in / r/politics . 
  he 's saying that some people with an agenda will benefit , and other people with a different agenda will not benefit . 
  of course both sides think their agenda helps britain . 
  how so , exactly ? 
   organisations like nasa are largely funded for military purposes and the apollo programmes are largely side projects ( they were developed as a sub set of the missile race , which was a subset of the cold war , rather than any sort of altruistic love for humanity ) . 
  all of the money which goes to the esa goes towards general purpose space development . 
  non of its money goes towards benefiting the military industrial complex . 
  nasa is not `` largely funded for military purposes '' .
