sorry , but thats how it is in poland . 
  for the last 15 years i never went to the elections , but now thanks to these foreign attacks on poland , i wish i had voted on pis . 
  anyway , they can count on my vote in the next elections . 
  word w\u0142ochy is specific for polish language . 
  when in xvi century bona sforza came to poland to marry our king zygmunt stary , she brought many italians with her . 
  italians ( in contrast to polish nobles who cut their hair high ) had long hair . 
  so poles called them `` w\u0142osi '' which meant hair/hairy and consequently the country they came from was called `` w\u0142ochy '' . 
  as time has gone by the word `` w\u0142ochy '' has lost its initial derogatory meaning and became neutral . 
  it is not some historical anecdote , it is true origin of the word . 
  before bona italy was called italia in poland, 
  i 'm actually disappointed they banned this rainbow armband . 
  it could have been a great comedy here  i wonder what kind of message would poles send back to sweden , because i 'm sure our fans would think of something nasty , 
  i meant you in plural , as germans . 
  sorry for not being clear . 
  so once again : was it worthy ? 
  because now our good relations are all gone . 
  dust in the wind . 
  why did i bother ... one question : was your little tantrum worth destroing 25 years of building good polish-german relations ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm assuming you 're decent person who lacks information . 
  new media law : every single one government in poland has been doing the same thing since 1989 . 
  the moment they came to power , they changed management of public tv . 
  why suddenly eu is freaking out now ? 
  the other two big tv stations ( tvn and polsat ) are private and are liberal/leftist . 
  pretty good balance if you ask me . 
  also in poland there is very little censorship in general and people speak their minds freely because we despise political correctness . 
  keep in mind that pis can not turn tvp into conservative medium entirely because people would hate them for that . 
  i suppose public tv would be more centrist , but i 'm not sure . 
  now compare this situation to germany , where all media are in hands of liberals/leftists . 
  also german facebook , youtube etc. 
  are censored . 
  hehe , in the whole eastern europe free speech is a norm . 
  we are immune to bullshit and we laugh at political correctness . 
  keep living in your propaganda bubble . 
  lol , are you mental ? 
  poland is kingdom of free speech compared to germany . 
  it is n't even close . 
  ye , ye , whatever ... 
  in my opinion budapest , bratislava , bucharest etc. 
  are far better company than paris , london or berlin . 
  yea , i hate this bitching about `` central '' europe . 
  in poland we used to locate ourselves in central europe , but if foreigners call us eastern europe , so be it . 
  no problem . 
  furthermore , east-west division makes sense not only as a post cold war state , but also there are many specific cultural differences ( mostly in our favor imo ) between east and west . 
  in my opinion our new government is dangerous to international corporations and also not a follower of current mainstream leftist ideology . 
  thats why they target poland . 
  what pis is doing is nothing new to our internal politics . 
  european hysteria is blown completely out of proportions, 
  i think willow is closest to being national tree in poland . 
  in short : we do n't want multi-culti . 
  lol , are you nuts ? 
  you take it literally ? 
  since when poles have something against cyclists or vegetarians ? 
  nobody cares , but you act like waszczykowski wants to expell cyclists from the country . 
  why do i even bother responding ? 
  poles are seriously outraged !, 
  by what ? 
  i do n't know , but ... but they are outraged . 
  lots of them !, 
  i know what he said . 
  please elaborate what in this statement `` outrages '' a lot of poles ? 
  i ca n't ... its too ... much . 
  care to specify what outrages a lot of poles ? 
  as far as multi-culti goes , no . 
  do you really think that cyclists or vegetarians are persecuted in poland ? 
  like really really ? 
  what is your iq ? 
  nobody cares about cyclists or vegetarians . 
  this is a metaphor , he is basicaly saying that we do not want multi-culti in poland, 
  why protecting our own culture outrages europe ? 
  do you want absolute unification ? 
  stop spreading lies !, 
  how can the denial of gay marriage be homophobic ? 
  it is perfectly reasonable standpoint . 
  do you know that poland is the only country in europe which has never penalized homosexual sex . 
  and now the west is patronizing us . 
  there is nothing to spin . 
  the whole thing turned out to be hogwash ( as usual , i may say ) . 
  mr. waszczykowski said :  `` if britain would decide to limit benefits for all residents , we are not going to protest , because then all uk residents would be treated equally . '', 
  its only not ok when it does n't suit your agenda , right ? 
  besides there is no legal ground to challenge this law at all . 
  andrzej duda is a natural born speaker !, 
  he is spontaneous and seems like a honest person . 
  intelligent , witty , often smiling , with nice voice . 
  duda somehow combines dignity with down-to-earth attitude . 
  10/10 beata szyd\u0142o - i may be biased against women in politics . 
  somehow she does not convince me . 
  monotonous voice , lack of expressiveness etc. 
  she may good pm but as a speaker she is mediocre . 
  every single friggin one government in the past hes been doing the same thing . 
  and suddenly eu has a problem with it . 
  sure , but you do realize different countries have different regulations about level of alcohol . 
  so there is an acceptable area for a change . 
  why the change is always restrictive ? 
  more restrictions , more control to the government ... can anyone give me an example when the opposite is true ? 
  when , lets say , polititians allow you to drink more alcohol while driving . 
  there must be some exceptions to the rule , right ? 
  twenty years ago bbc seemed to me as an epitome of independent and fair journalism , haha . 
  now they are just as manipulative as all others . 
  nope .
