some countries celebrate christmas eve more than the actual christmas . 
  we do that in poland too . 
  the flag is white now . 
  we thought you surrendered . 
  to be honest , i 'll take either of those over `` stupid people '' . 
  i 'm really not sure that 's true . 
  i mean , any hate for outsiders seems like an abstract thing . 
  one might hold some unfavorable stereotypes ... 
  but the people i loathe ? 
  that 's the ones around me . 
  the kid who sprayed a tag on my door . 
  the asshole who parked across two parking spaces . 
  the neighbour who 's listening to loud , shitty music . 
  take that , jehovah 's witnesses !, 
  i vote uber . 
  rolls off the tongue nice . 
  the only answer . 
  good thing it 's not called polish capital of culture then . 
  i doubt there 's enough ` pro-putin ' people in the country to vote anyone in as a primary school class representative . 
  and all it took was a literal deal with the devil . 
  obviously caused by tusk . 
  i quite enjoyed the one on the first crusade as well . 
  thank you for taking your time to respond . 
  i see your point of view . 
  however , the fact still stands , that they were an invading army . 
  and you do n't usually erect monuments to commemorate being conquered . 
  no matter how much ` not as bad as the other guys ' they were . 
  as for removing all traces of ussr influence , i think putting those in a museum is a good middle ground . 
  history needs to be preserved and remembered , but not necessarily celebrated . 
  ok , help me out , cause i do n't get what you mean . 
  perhaps it 's a language barrier . 
  i 'm not being sarcastic right now and i honestly want to understand your point of view . 
  i replied directly to your comment where you compare the two . 
  you literally wrote that `` germany did the same '' now you say they ca n't be compared . 
  which one is it ? 
  they did . 
  the monument was n't destroyed , just moved to a museum in ruda \u015al\u0105ska . 
  and just to be clear , by destruction they mean moving them to a museum . 
  [ source in polish . 
  and do you see any germans demanding we keep monuments to nazi soldiers on our town squares ? 
  of course . 
  the biscuits land on the table next to whatever sweets the host prepared . 
  everyone eats one of each to be polite , but probably not more , unless children are present . 
  coffee or tea will be offered and accepted . 
  the issue is , they 've probably been exposed to boring recitation of facts for years now , and that 's precisely what they expect when you try to convince them to take any interest in history . 
  sun never sets in slovakian empire , right ? 
  i wanted to do that as well . 
  i got within two meters of the open can before i gave up . 
   the full support of the civilized world so i guess not . 
  i was making a joke on your choice of words . 
  you know there 's something deeply wrong with your justice system , when policemen form gangs . 
  understanding czech television or radio might be harder , but i 've never had any issues communicating with a person who wanted to be understood . 
  sure we speak slower , sometimes we need to repeat something , but it 's not a big deal . 
   in practise , the kaczy\u0144ski brothers always sign everything eu comes up with , but they will voice their objection as much as they will be able to . 
  i 'm fairly certain one of them wo n't be able to sign anything at all ... 
  username checks out . 
   pleasant assholes \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  that 's a maluch . 
  i expect you might be able to find the missing 2,9 million at dunkirk, 
  i breathe every day and i 'm still alive . 
  might as well buy a new drive then . 
  there 's no coming back from that . 
  i 'd watch that . 
  no deal . 
  from the mother 's side , i guess ? 
  i can see that headline . 
  * polish workers in london worried for their safety after a local man threatened to break their legs . 
  that 's what i 'm curious about . 
  everyone keeps saying it 's impossible for her to get out of it , but how exactly do you force someone to perform their duties as an elected official ? 
  will police drag her into the office if she refuses ? 
  will she go to jail ? 
  if so , will she still have to do what is required of her from behind bars ? 
  is norway simply too polite and lawful to even consider the idea that she might just not give a fuck ? 
  come one reddit , ** i need to know ** . 
  and with that little bit of context , a minor curiosity changes into a perfect / r/nottheonion material . 
  i think i want to visit finland now . 
  i 'm not sure i can agree . 
  i 'd say it describes the sort of strength that comes from years of hard work . 
  i guess some people , like bread , become harder with time ? 
  means either stale or fresh . 
  good luck buying some fresh bread . 
  happy ? 
  and now i want this to happen . 
  following this logic , i still would n't want a photo of me with a pig face spread all over internet , even though i love bacon . 
  if you raid a place expecting to find terrorists there , do you really want to rely on the assumption that they respect the fire safety laws ? 
  that should be a thing . 
  let 's make it a thing . 
  a subreddit for sharing weird subreddits . 
  must be some sort of malfunction . 
  what are the odds , right ? 
  looks like we 're off the hook for a while ... 
  so just a drunk idiot with an illegally owned weapon . 
  what curious times we live in , when this is the * good * alternative . 
  there 's a difference between creeping outside someone 's window and glancing in the general direction of a house with glass for a wall . 
  they have n't figured out how to put them in the vacuum suits yet , but the research is ongoing . 
  i honestly thought i 'm in / r/nottheonion when i read the title . 
  yes , that is the joke i ~ ~ made ~ ~ was trying to make . 
  ants are organized . 
  and they work together . 
  wo n't stop you from owning a hamster .
