  he could easily spin it as the weak gay nazi west bowing down to the righteous might of the russian nation . 
  `` we invade them and they stop trading with us ? 
  so rude ! '', 
  nah , just you . 
  you literally just compared him to asians as an insult . 
   and enjoy the immense sovereignty that ~ ~ russia allows ~ ~ the eaeu provides, 
  oh , come on . 
  syrenka is n't so bad . 
  that could be a bit scary i guess . 
  fortunately , i do n't expect the person in this analogy ( let 's distance that from me , shall we ? 
  i do n't really like comparing myself to nazis ... or the current government ) has any real means of reaching the moon . 
  they can only jump , and shout at the moon . 
  maybe bring a ladder . 
  but if they try too hard , they run the risk of falling off the roof . 
  i do n't exactly like them , but it 's a bit of a stretch . 
  it 's a bit like saying i 'm the closest person to the moon in my house , cause i stand on a roof . 
  technically true , but the distance is still rather significant . 
  in poland . 
  we always knew this would happen . 
  fourth place ? 
  come on , poland , we can do better . 
  there 's a username joke to be made here , but i 'm not going to do it . 
  i 'll just grab another p\u0105czek instead . 
  or do they ? 
   p\u0105czki have started showing up in grocery stores you 're welcome . 
  the general idea of making it less of a burden to have children in hopes of increasing population is not necessarily a bad thing . 
  the execution is horrible . 
  tax exemptions for parents ? 
  funding for schools , so they can take over some of the financial expenses of educating those children ? 
  nah , let 's just throw some money at them and hope for a re-election . 
  breaking law to expose other people breaking law is not ok . nobody claims the opposition are saints . 
  they are politicians , of course they are corrupt assholes . 
  i just wish we could pick the ones who are slightly less so . 
  now , that i 'm done with the serious part of this comment ... 
  really ? 
  that changes everything !, 
  not having parts of your body cut off without consent sounds pretty reasonable , though . 
  you could come up with border cases where people 's freedoms crash , but this case seems pretty straightforward . 
  `` hit the table , and the scissors will make a noise . '', 
  clever . 
  slovenian goats on the front page . 
  i 'll take it , means nothing terrible happened today . 
  and midnight means both the time of night and the direction in polish . 
  next time you 're here , you should come buy some czerstwy bread , btw . 
  i have n't had my coffee yet , so i read this as a hungarian bear . 
  next step , crimea . 
  they should probably see a doctor about that whole norway situation . 
  i assume you meant that as a joke , but it actually would be pretty scary . 
  it 'll be 35 ^ o until the storm , then it 'll be 35 ^ o again . 
  footbal hooligans will be football hooligans , no matter what flag they wrap themselves in . 
  you missed my point . 
  i was n't providing an actual solution to kids pretending to be adults . 
  i was making a joke on how easily a system can be introduced in which , while adults can technically access these sites , the government knows exactly who and how often does that . 
  simple , every adult will be issued an individual number they can use to access blocked sites . 
  shut up !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u90dnubzmmm, 
  there 's this old joke in poland , about how good , fatherly figure stalin was . 
  a little boy asks him for some candy and gets beaten up for his insolence . 
  why is stalin good ? 
  why of course , for not killing the kid . 
  that 's basically how it all works on a larger scale too . 
  sure , they made a deal with hitler and invaded us , sure they sent our people to labour camps , but at least they were n't death camps , eh ? 
  they did n't plan on a complete annihilation of our population , just slavery . 
  and the genocides were only a side effect , not the end goal . 
  a means to an end . 
  so it 's all better . 
  praise our glorious friends and liberators . 
  `` the polish-lithuanian commonwealth , or just poland for short '' i 'm sure nobody will get triggered by this part , right ? 
  you made me zoom in to look at some dude 's ass . 
  well played . 
  i do n't think i 'll ever be this bored . 
  i still do n't understand what the point of those is . 
  someone took serious measures to protect their ass . 
  height and width at the very least . 
  ca n't confirm any depth though . 
  wait , you lost me . 
  how , exactly , do you boycott a government ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  i 'd take that in a heartbeat . 
  that 's why we need more hamsters . 
  i like the analogy . 
  thing is , there 's no point for a lion to chase after hamsters , and there 's also a bear right next to us , who just started to chew on a squirrel . 
  well , it 's just some radicalized polish dresy who did it , we ca n't be blamed for that as a nation and this can not in any way mean that poland has a racism problem , because there 's plenty of moderate poles who did n't spit on any germans , muslims or otherwise . 
  those moderate poles do n't need to stand up to racism , they do n't need to prove anything , it 's not their fault . 
  right now , if russia wants to screw with us , they also screw with germany , cause the same pipe pumps the gas all the way to them . 
  russia is unlikely to want to screw with germany , so our heating is also unlikely to suddenly run out in the winter . 
  that is good for us . 
  admittedly , it is possible for * us * to screw with germany by closing the pipe , but we 're all friends here in the eu and frankly , we 're not stupid enough to screw with germany either . 
  the minute ns2 becomes functional , russia gains the ability to put pressure on us individually , without affecting our western neighbours . 
  obviously we 're all friends here in the eu , and all our friends and allies would condemn russia , express solidarity , probably drop some sanctions and so on , but we 've all seen how scared putin is of western powers frowning and shaking fingers at him . 
  problem is , once a serious threat appears , it 's kind of late to reform your military . 
  every time i feel bad about something stupid my government does , turkey and uk ( to a lesser degree , but still ... ) are there to put things into perspective . 
  thank you , turkey . 
  i do n't think most adults have an issue with the government arresting people for threats online . 
  opinions might differ on where the line should be drawn and what constitutes a serious enough offense to warrant an action . 
  threats of physical violence , however , rest far beyond that line , wherever it is . 
  serious question , since you seem to know this stuff . 
  is there some law preventing the rescuers from dropping them off at the nearest port back in libya ? 
  so what , should we just give up on the whole idea ? 
  `` if we ignore the countries that are actually poor , uk is the poorest '',
