  this guy definitely had a lot of time . 
  impressive work though . 
  dont expect riot to reward skill when they have champs that literally only require you to point & click someone to oneshot them . 
  thats the point, 
  when the explanation of the meme almost has as much upvotes as the meme itself, 
  i also noticed that he built sheen-phage-serrated dirk ( ???? 
  ) - triforce in this order . 
  weird . 
  yeah but it also has the downside of completing trinity force later . 
  and he didnt buy warhammer , but serrated dirk . 
  against a galio and a 2-3 tank comp , so it has way less effect than agianst a squishy team . 
  i think in some situations he did n't tp in time because he could have been interrupted while tp-ing os he had to walk back under turret . 
  i do n't think he will ever leave this team . 
  probably he is too fond of the team ( sheepy , romain , hyli , all his longtime friends ) to leave for a better career opportunity . 
  i also think that he will retire in 1 year if they do n't manage to find success ( go to worlds this or next year ) . 
  he 's already 24 years old . 
  lethality is n't effective against tanks . 
  a cloth armor ( 300g ) gives 15 armor while a dirk gives 7-8 flat armor pen early on ( 1100g ) . 
  it 's only effective against squishies who do n't build armor . 
  this is absolutely savage . 
  bc everyone saw it 20 times in the past year, 
  needs more jpeg, 
  yeah , playing against doran 's shield is shitty . 
  0 chance to trade back . 
  if you q , the enemy regens the lost hp during your cooldown 's time . 
  annoying . 
  this is not a meme, 
  nice flash . 
  it 's normie already, 
  the ultimate wutface, 
  it 's basic knowledge to be honest . 
  i do n't know what 's up with champion.gg though . 
  a lot of stats look fishy . 
  i mean it shows the best builds on any champion at 45 % winrate or if not , it 's a 70 % winrate high-elo otp 's 50 played matches . 
  agreed . 
  champion.gg is fucked up since they released their `` beta '' . 
  use lolalytics instead . 
  actually he said `` cumin '' , so it 's a bit more cringy than you thought, 
  and in summer move was pretty much the reason why uol did n't qualify for worlds . 
  he was 50 fucking cs behind at 20-25 every single game . 
   only 2 major characters have been killed so far, 
  not like 3 kings died so far, 
  edit : pov = / = major character, 
  i do . 
  totally agree . 
  did the buy the copyright for the music tho, 
  just so we can relate, 
  watch the sjokzin around with romain . 
  he 's the one cooking for the team , bc they do n't have money for more staff . 
  afaik they have the players , coach , ceo ( father of sheepy ) , csacsi 's brother as an analyst and pretty much thats all . 
  cant say they have an abundance of money . 
  well i am sure that they are not in the red but they do n't gain much either . 
  by the way , the thing which is very interesting for me is that h2k won the prize for worlds semis last year . 
  how are they losing this much money even though they got that money , i do n't know . 
  that 's fishy as fuck to be honest . 
  there is no reason to perform then . 
  by that logic you can go last in the lcs and get the same money as skt . 
  orgs without a doubt get money . 
  how can you get cucked without a gf, 
  thunderlord , mainly for the more dmg in trades and the lethality/cdr . 
  the day of our salvation, 
  indeed , move asap, 
   his skill, 
  spamming q you mean, 
  you can play while being in the army . 
  you are not locked away or smth . 
  you are just unable to work . 
  meanwhile im hardstuck at g1 without a single penta ever, 
  idk though , he does n't seem to share too much insight and useful information , maybe he needs time, 
  it was n't reddit that was shittalking , it was pulse who was shit talking . 
  discriminating reasons ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
  i really do n't understand what are you trying to say by that . 
  or people not wanting to listen to cringy weeb shit during a competitive game is discrimination ? 
  ca n't really say . 
  the one on the right has a slavic sun-wheel on his shield ( kind of could be nordic too , but they used slightly different sun-wheels ) . 
  at the same time , next to the guy in the front , there are shields with a christian and a celtic cross . 
  the flag and the armors suggest they are slavic too . 
  but it 's really stupid to argue about these things since it 's not historically accurate . 
  also to add to the shield emblem 's inconsistency , the armor is quite stupid too . 
  the helmets are from the 9-11st century when people still used leather and cloth armor most of all . 
  the mail armour you see was rare then and only came to be popular during the 13rd century . 
  is n't it the hundred-year-old man who climbed out the window and disappeared you meant to say ? 
  that 's where the old guy was at spain during the ciliv war iirc . 
  all he has is money, 
  it is hard to give a perfect answer , because there is n't much ( or probably at all ) written data from that period and area ( ural ) . 
  the best guess regarding the origin of hungarians is that we are from the ural mountains where we originally lived together with the peoples that speak finno-ugric languages ( finns , estonians , mordvins etc. ), 
  and during the few centuries of migration into the carpathian basin we came into contact with some turkic people , khazars i think . 
  three tribes of them , called khabars even joined the hungarians in their journey to the carpathian basin . 
  according to some unreliable myth , these are the szeklers . 
  according to different myths , szeklers are the descensants of huns , so that 's why i 'm not saying anything for sure . 
  the idea of turkic heritage is outdated . 
  linguistics in the 19 . century argued between the ugric and the turkic theory but the former is accepted now , altough it 's undeniable that we have linguistic and genetic similarities thanks to the khabars . 
  to answer your question , partly . 
  depends on who do you call hungarian . 
  the original people from the urals ? 
  not at all . 
  around the 10th century ? 
  kind of . 
  nowadays ?
