well , the guitars were recorded through digital ways , and was distorted through cubase n shit , so that can give the sound that taste . 
  by the way , the drummer mixed the songs . 
  ooookay , i move there . 
  i want to live in a norwegian forest , goddamnit . 
  you guys know the good shit, 
  i 'm a bit disappointed . 
  aura was way better and the best parts from this album are melodies that were already on the previous album . 
  nevertheless , still pretty good . 
  h2k without forgiven will not be able to be top 3 imo . 
  last split they only reached it because of him . 
  his positioning is almost always very questionable . 
  got baited by zyra , big mistake from him with how g2, 
  you left out the part where he flames you for being useless, 
  this is a dead meme, 
  well , yes . 
  look at their players now . 
  alex ich is a sub in na 's worst team , diamondprox went to na , was n't successful , now returned to russia and is on a bottom tier team , and the others retired . 
  lcs fucked them as hard as it could . 
  i love it how all the h2k members are serious af in this gif but jankos is laughing his ass off xd, 
  me too thanks, 
  so pointing out toxic behavior is now considered toxic ? 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  at the same time he never has negative impact though . 
  he barely gets caught or dies . 
  i have that thought in my mind too . 
  but we have to admit that it 's working . 
  he never screwed up anything so far . 
  actually monday morning but whatever, 
  splyce does n't have my sympathy , nor my regret, 
  * kennen no longer meta, 
  ( unless you are rekkles ), 
  i think we have our new cs team for 2018 spring split :d, 
  flair checks out, 
  http://eune.op.gg/summoner/username=fonedani25 come on boys, 
  he is still in anx , but the team changed its name again , this time to m19 . 
  they had a roster change ( i think their midlaner or adc ) . 
  they still are a very good team in cis but virtus.pro upset them in the playoffs . 
  one of the first standing armies in europe was the black army of hungary under matthias corvinus . 
  in peacetime it had around 10.000-15 .000 people in total and in war it increased to 25.000-30 .000 . 
  with these numbers it 's already obvious that levys were still a thing . 
  for example , just as / u/honose spoke about levy archers in france and england , this was present in hungary too . 
  after each 20 serf the feudal lords had to set up 1 archer . 
  i do n't know too much numbers about the structure , but i can tell that the army consisted of heavy and light cavalry , as well as heavy and light infantry . 
  to be more specific , along regular units , they had musketeers ( which were used mainly for defense ) and pavisers too . 
  as a sidenote i 'd like to mention that matthias occupied vienna with this army in 1485 , which probably legitimizes my example of a renaissance army . 
  you can find a ton more info here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_army_of_hungary, 
  according to wikipedia , matthias ' army personnel peaked at 160.000 against the ottomans . 
  the core of 30.000 black army mercenaries , 45.000 hungarian mercenaries ( 26.000 cavalry , 15.000 light infantry , 4000 heavy infantry ) , 12.000 from `` banderium '' ( banneret style personal armies of feudal lords , i 'm pretty sure they were mostly heavy cavalry or heavy infantry ) , and 70.000 from the vassal wallachia and moldavia ( probably light infantry ) . 
  altough this 160.000 of wikipedia does n't mention it , but various christian armies were also present in wars against ottomans at that time . 
  i 'd estimate the total number of the heavy infantry in his army to be between 15.000 and 20.000 . 
  so to answer your question , the heavy infantry were mostly mercenaries . 
  engage is sponsoring both g2 and uol too if i recall it correctly . 
  to the frontpage with this . 
  this was the login screen when i started playing lol . 
  then came the freljord event which was amazing as well . 
  those were the golden times of lol for me . 
  how did it feel like to clap faker ? 
  was it ? 
  uol won both times they played a series . 
  he grew a lot last year and peaked at iem oakland . 
  since then he 's been performing worse . 
  your argument is pretty lame if we consider that vizicsacsi never had players like jankos , forgiven or ryu on his team to help him reach worlds . 
  if you want to compare international achievements , then uol has won an iem with csacsi though . 
  odo never won anything . 
  please elect me party, 
  what game did u watch ? 
  this was 36 kills in 25 mins lul, 
  you would understand the frustration if you were an adc main . 
  all this doesnt change the fact that in a teamfight , a well placed windwall blocks your whole champ from dealing damage for several seconds , unless you are a mobile adc like lucian who can position himself quickly into an angle where he can be useful again . 
  i punish him for picking my lil gp by pounding him with pantheon . 
  test, 
  the technology is here . 
  you have to note though that they are camped af . 
  not much of an excuse , but it 's still there . 
  * via 8shit . net *, 
  indeed . 
  vedius is sometimes so fucking cringe that i ca n't bear listening to the stream any longer . 
  stress is fine , because even though he lacks insight , his voice is nice so at least he is n't annoying . 
  they have only been at iems and beat tsm every time :p, 
  well not bjergsen , but sven tweeted that his hands were cold after an international match . 
  maybe '16 worlds idk, 
  even more embarassing, 
  na talent is n't rare , just look at mike yeung . 
  simply na orgs do n't give a shit about their talent , they rather buy imports from kr and eu . 
  contractz , biofrost , cody sun ? 
  they are all new talent . 
  and i do n't know how would you expect me to list a bunch of talent when i was exactly talking about the fact that instead of raising talent na buys imports . 
  i loved to play udyr back in s3 or so , but nowadays his kit is just so fucking simple and unimaginative compared to newer and reworked champs that it 's painful to play him . 
  politics are part of memes, 
  yeah i guess eu fans spammed g2-8 for a year, 
  renekton is n't as bad imo . 
  since he ca n't lock you down with stun , you can live through laning phase . 
  the biggest weakness is that he can dive you easily if he gets jungler help . 
  if he 's getting a rework on an abillity that will be his e not his w for sure . 
  his e is pretty much useless . 
  actually there is an android version of it too . 
  i think its a paid app but you can find . apks on the internet . 
  `` young '' , 24 yrs old, 
  not when you are playing mid . 
  if she takes as second zeal item it 's not that bad .
