  i still prefer statikk-rfc right now , because it 's more safe and convenient , but runaan is fine . 
  hi , so i made this play a few weeks ago , but just now had the mood to bother uploading it here  first post i made on this subreddit too , thanks for checking it out :d, 
  indeed that triple was godlike, 
  imo they will bench him as they benched move last year if he doesnt get his shit together . 
  i think uoldad said on twitter that most of their players left on their own decision , not from being kicked out , but as we could see with move , they do n't tolerate if someone is really that bad . 
  for me it 's tri-db-gb-ss-ie . 
  the order between gb and db is situational as well as between ss and ie . 
  i take gb if i need to play safe . 
  i take statikk before ie because after the 2 lethality items i have enough ad and just want to reach 50 % crit asap . 
  the hotfix ? 
  it lowered the passive dmg by 50 at lvl 1 and 0 at 18 . 
  since you dont buy it at lvl 1 , but around 10 or so , thats like 25 dmg which only applies at one q or autoattack . 
  you ca n't call that a nerf . 
  and you do n't build db for it 's passive but for the lethality . 
  at least i dont find the passive to be too useful on gp , since it does n't proc on kegs . 
  yeah . 
  you do n't need cdr runes because triforce and the lethality items already give 40 % , and obviously mr is the best choice among glyphs . 
  especially when you run gp on mid like me . 
  generally full lethality quint and mark is the standard , but since i do n't have tier 3 lethality quints yet i use ad there . 
  not that big of a problem though , it helps in laning . 
  i think it kind of depends on the situation and your playstyle but for me usually statikk is the one to go for first , because i do n't like to go melee . 
  altough when playing against many ranged champions or if we are rather behind pd is definitely the item to go for . 
  edit : pd does n't give more crit % , but more as and movement speed ( from passive ) . 
  i really miss the early cdr too . 
  thats probably the biggest backlash of the build . 
  that was a nice phantom barrel though !, 
  man , this fnc v uol is delivering . 
  enemy twitch saying `` told you was free win '' in an hour long 5v4 game is golden . 
  annie definitely is the best midlaner if you are looking at difficulty . 
  the problem really is n't in their strategy . 
  it 's in the fact that even the idea of euron building a massive fleet like this which is not only as good , but even stronger than the original iron fleet stolen by asha and theon , and all this during the time when they sailed to essos and back . 
  building a single ship like that takes a year , not a few months , especially when you build a whole fleet . 
  the reason why this show ( or the books rather ) kicks ass is that even though it has fantasy elements in it , it works logically and realistically . 
  building a fuck ton of huge ships in a few months is n't one of those two . 
  definitely , but we have to note that the last time theon was on mainland westeros was when he and sansa escaped from winterfell . 
  at the moment the two plots are in sync as you can see from daenerys ' letter being sent and arriving at winterfell in the same episode.how much time happened between the escape and the freshly `` elected '' jon discussing the alliance with daenerys ? 
  months at best . 
  and you still have to cut this by the time theon spent traveling to the iron isles . 
  ha ens every time ni a, 
  i go mid with gp and usually do n't have a problem against him . 
  actually i consider fizz to be one of the easiest lanes . 
  early on , pre-6 you can very easily abuse him with q , and even if he comes up to trade , you can win it if you have your passive up . 
  it 's very easy to deny him farm this way or even kill him . 
  take exhaust to negate the damage from his ult . 
  to be honest the kill pressure is real from gps side in this matchup , which is quite rare . 
  sterak is 650 gold cheaper . 
  -5 points ? 
  but you would rather pay for your core build than this . 
  laning is fine against tanks , but when you face 3 tanks in the teamfight u wont oneshot shit, 
  i do n't think reducing the amount of champs that can be tried out for free is a good way to eliminate the problem of newbies not knowing the champion kits , since the root of the slow learning process comes from the fact that they are unable to try every champ in a short time , thus learn their kits . 
  do you know how much games is lvl 5 ? 
  less than 40 . 
  most of them will be played on the same few champs anyways , because the newbie enjoys them or finds himself/herself succesful on it . 
  yeah , i guessed it would be even lower than 40 but did n't want to exaggerate my point by accident . 
  / s if you are being sarcastic . 
  and ow . 
  i do n't think you understood me . 
  i 'm against all kinds of pc bullshit , and was referring to the comment you replied to . 
  if he 's being sarcastic and does n't put / s after it on reddit , he should n't be surprised people downvote him , because he undoubtably sounds like he 's serious . 
  and if he is , well , he deserves these downvotes . 
  edit : by the way , i think it 's a fine comment . 
  but there is a reason that more than a hundred people misjudged the comment and took it seriously before he edited it . 
  shit i only have 2 days off , im gon na kms , idk how the other 7 billion ppl do it , cant bear this anymore, 
  edgy, 
  it does proc on parrrley though . 
  i really hope we will get this skin , so finally he will get the fuck nerfed out of him . 
  actually , the nazis never invaded the rhineland . 
  it was german land . 
  they just remilitarized it . 
  tbh h2k has more chance to be in the finals than both g2 and uol, 
  that is weird . 
  for me euiv is far more complicated . 
  but if i should give an advice i 'd tell you to play with a smaller ranked noble to learn the mechanics . 
  like a count or a duke . 
  there are much less stuff to look out for . 
  by the way in my opinion the most important thing you need to learn is inheritance and marriages . 
  learning the different kinds of inheritance laws helps a lot . 
  unfortunately i ca n't link any kind of tutorial , because i never watched any . 
  it depends on what you want it to be . 
  actually , it 's rather both . 
  speaking for myself , i do n't bullshit around just try to bring out the most in my games . 
  facing revolts because i 'm tyrannical or having 0 efficiency in my realm because i 'm too benevolent is n't fun . 
  you will get into it though . 
  in my first games i did n't know how to create vassal merchant republics in my realm , but that is n't necessary so you do n't lose too much on these . 
  my favorite thing in it is the embarassed face on the guy sitting next to her :d, 
  the most hilarious one i know is that b\u00e9la i hungarian king died from his throne breaking under him . 
  i 'll cite from wikipedia :, 
  `` in the summer of 1063 , an assembly of the german princes decided to launch a military expedition against hungary to restore young solomon to the throne . 
  b\u00e9la was planning to abdicate in favor of his nephew if the latter restored his former ducatus , but he was seriously injured when `` his throne broke beneath him '' in his manor at d\u00f6m\u00f6s . '', 
  indeed . 
  just as fnc and g2 did n't troll yesterday , they wo n't today . 
  it 's both for prestige , honor and practice . 
  every icon is meaningless to me except for the avarosan icon from the freljord event . 
  ever heard of our lord and saviour big man tyrone ? 
  he has the worst numbers all across the board . 
  ca n't say he 's a fairly good top laner . 
  risky click of the day, 
  he was . 
  thats why his growth and the fact that he is carrying uol impressive . 
  holy moly .
