we generally like brazil banido do / r/portugalcaralho, 
  what ? 
  white represents the monarchy , blue represents the sea . 
  i stand by my words, 
  found the spaniard, 
  hey now , he lived in portugal for a while , but he really was j\u00e1mon at heart, 
  what the fuck are you on about , it 's a fucking joke, 
   the portuguese is too lazy lies . 
  he would have done it the fastest . 
  as long as the boat is 5 seconds from sinking, 
  * cough * jews * cough *, 
   never before what about hitler, 
  not mine, 
  yup , it has such power you can understand it in a completly different language, 
   terrible things que merda disseste sobre mim sua puta ? 
  just because they are seen as terrorists does n't mean they are . 
  the pkk are freedom fighters, 
   turkey please go and please stay go, 
   stalin  fascist okay, 
  absolutely destroyed, 
  i was depressed and thought about suicide daily at 10 . 
  kids are people too . 
  good bait, 
  yes, 
   0.00001279538  0.0001279538 % of being a terrorist so why are you so scared of terrorists that you 'd rather let innocent people die ? 
  you are aware that is exactly what isis wants . 
  there 's a reason they 're called * terror * ists, 
  something something be the change you want to see, 
  not really.there are many more muslims than jews or buddhists, 
   and what am i to do when over 90 % of terrorist attacks are commited by muslims ? 
  pretend i dont notice ? 
  just because `` 90 % '' of attacks are commited by muslims does n't mean 90 % of muslims are terrorists, 
   you do understand syrians make up less than half the migrants coming into europe in this migrant crysis right ? 
  terrorist attacks arent commited only by syrians , some times its by people that were born and raised in europe . 
  that does n't matter , because you fucks treat every muslim the same, 
  lol yes i 'm the one victim blaming here, 
  60 years is a long time . 
   filipinos come from a third-world country ruled by violence . 
  despite that they stay civil . 
  when you see filipino on the street you do n't think about how he is going to kill you , do you ? 
   seriously . 
  what do you suggest we should do , to ` not make the lies of isis come true ' ? 
  for starters , not treating every refugee like a potential murderer . 
   post-ww2 asians ( especially japanese ) in america were heavily discriminated against most japanese were in japan . 
  war had stopped , people were free to rebuild their country . 
  this is n't the case in syria , as not only is the war on going , it 's also a civil war . 
   that douchebag had `` sexual emergency '' when he raped that boy in austria . 
  those scumbags in cologne had a `` reason '' for groping and mobbing , even raping the girls in the new years eve . 
  not terrorism , simply regular crimes . 
  not what we 're talking about . 
   guy in nice had `` reasons '' . 
  bruxelles attackers had a reason for terrorism ? 
  are you suffering from some sort of mental handicap , because if their motivation sounds reasonable to you , well you might have a problem . 
  how about before calling me mentally handicapped you go back and read my posts, 
   yet , they have become the most productive ethnicity in the states , with a low crime rate and very high hdi . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ethnic_groups_in_the_united_states_by_household_income do n't have much reason to feel opressed when you 're rich as fuck, 
   the fact that the innocent muslims we should accept , might throw their own lives away in the process of murdering us , due to them being harassed by radical locals , does n't really convince me to accept any of them . 
  they 're `` throwing their own lifes away '' because you 're not accepting them . 
  if you pretty much act like isis told them you would act , they 're going to start trusting isis more and more . 
   due to them being harassed by radical locals the local radicals are you . 
  probably because they have no reason to, 
   you are trying to justify why an innocent person decides to join a radical terrorist organisation . 
  therefore , you are defending radicals . 
  no , i 'm trying to explain why we should be accepting of refugees and muslims in general . 
   how is suicide bombing a way to defend yourself ? 
  it 's a statement . 
  `` if you attack us , we 'll fight back ''  right . 
  so as long as a group of people is oppressed , they could be murdering those who oppress them , if it were up to you . 
  please learn to read . 
  i never said it would be justified , only that i could see why they 're doing it . 
   the terrorist apologism you 're peddling in here is truly sickening not to mention hugely divorced from reality . 
  what ? 
  i 'm not apologising for the terrorists , i 'm sympathising with the innocents who are being chased by them . 
  learn to fucking read . 
  yeah , i just noticed that now . 
  oh shit , sorry , i confused you with another one . 
  it 's sort of hard responding to 5 people at once . 
  sorry about the mistake up there , i 've fixed it now, 
   there are tens of thousands of koreans and vietnamese that escaped civil war in their country and came to europe . 
  they seem to be just fine . 
  because no one is attacking them based on their religion or their ethnicity . 
   stop looking for excuses and just realize that a religious that hates on women is toxic in europe and their home countries . 
  i agree . 
  but i disagree on sending people to their deaths because of it . 
  hate the sin , love the sinner, 
   no , i mean the likes of salafism and wahhabism , brances of islam that are rooted in backwards ideas and brutal punishment of anyone different . 
  please just take a look at a wikipedia page https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wahhabism  the majority of mainstream sunni and shia muslims worldwide strongly disagree with the interpretation of wahhabism and consider it a ` vile sect ' . 
  [ 16 ] islamic scholars , including those from the al-azhar university , regularly denounce wahhabism with terms such as `` satanic faith ''  one of the more detailed estimates of religious population in the persian gulf is by mehrdad izady who estimates , `` using cultural and not confessional criteria '' , only 4.56 million wahhabis in the persian gulf region , about 4 million from saudi arabia , ( mostly the najd ) , and the rest coming overwhelmingly from the emirates and qatar . 
  [ 28 ] most sunni qataris are wahhabis ( 46.9 % of all qataris ) [ 28 ] and 44.8 % of emiratis are wahhabis , [ 28 ] 5.7 % of bahrainis are wahhabis , and 2.2 % of kuwaitis are wahhabis . 
  [ 28 ] they account for roughly 0.5 % of the world 's muslim population . 
  [ 307 ] 0.5 %  your words : ` they 're becoming terrorists because non muslims are attacking them and blaming them for everything ' there , that 's where you said it . 
  i can take things out of context too if you posted the full quote  they 're becoming terrorists because non muslims are attacking them and blaming them for everything , and the only people giving them a way to fight back are isis . 
  you 'd have seen that there are 2 key components to radicalisation , and opression is only 1 of them . 
   it has already been established that many of those perpetrating attacks either do n't come from a war-torn country ( many of them even european-born ) or only went to syria/iraq / ... to take part in the fighting . 
  and yet the muslims who are european born are still suffering the hate and opression of westerners , and are being seduced by isis because of that . 
  that argument does n't make sense . 
   not what i said , stop twisting words to suit your agenda . 
  boy that 's ironic . 
  and since i just noticed your edit on your other commentary  i personally do n't hate muslims , but there are still people out there that would n't bat an eyelid and kill me , because i do n't adhere to their worldview . 
  so fuck them and fuck their ideology and everyone that is like them .
