starting uni in september and im still unsure but i will probably go for environmental science . 
  i live on a farm , grew up with animals and developed an interest in plants , its something i could really see myself getting involved in . 
  the weather . 
  i * like * the rain and the cold , and you might aswell learn to in our climate . 
  as a crop farmer i just cant look at her anymore, 
  the only relevant phrase that comes to mind is `` b\u00edonn blas milis ar phraiseach na gcomharsan '' , which means * the neighbour 's hardship tastes sweet *, 
  its one of the most southernly points on the island, 
  after the pubs close its fairly popular alright, 
  i dont, 
  apparently i speak with a very good french accent , while most of my classmates dont . 
  im learning it for the last 6 years . 
  ive never even been to france , but i think the key is to think in french . 
  it flabbergasts me when people try to use one language to learn another . 
  once you have the basics learned you should be able to switch modes into that language . 
  vocabulary isnt extremely important , because if you dont know a specific word you can circle around and allude to it differently . 
  if you constantly think through french ( or whatever language you are learning ) you will quickly gain fluency and the language will start to * flow * and * sound * more authentic . 
  when i was starting off i also spoke english with a french accent to ascertain exactly what pronunciations i was going for , which was amusing and helpful . 
  ive no clue what theyre worth at all but i frequently come across old * punts * . 
  its a nice currency with a lot of animal images, 
  i have light skin , dark hair and blue eyes . 
  a few people have said they thought i was russian/eastern european as a result, 
  ah shur aul leo is n't * gay * , he just likes lads, 
  conservative !? 
  yeah right !, 
  * amen *, 
  id like to go fairly traditonal . 
  sadhbhb for a girl , and daire for a boy . 
  although i want a rake of children ( 3 or 4 ) , those two names are definitely my favourites . 
  im gay . 
  they kill gays . 
  i dont want them here . 
  i was never aware of that , and it makes me glad that there were people out there countering homophobia . 
  i was around 10 at the time it aired , homophobia surrounded me and i hated life lol here in ireland , irish travellers were recently recognised as an ethnic minority , which makes it that little bit more unacceptable to use the work `` knacker '' . 
  a friend of mine says that you can be born a traveller , but you have to choose to be a knacker . 
  its just a pity that a lot of travellers dont realise they have earned the derogatory term . 
  its something id have to largely agree with , the majority of travellers i have met are the dregs of society . 
  theres always one traveller woman that stands out in my memory though , she was a regular at a shop i worked in . 
  she was extremely pleasant and obliging , i always thought she was trying to apologise for the others by doing so . 
  its a pity . 
  yes . 
  i think if anyone was raised a certain way from youth they would believe anything . 
  i was raised a catholic and so believe . 
  at least mostly . 
  i disagree with the church on a lot of things , and have probably become more protestant than catholic . 
  i dont go to mass but i do pray almost every night . 
  the majority of them were poor misfortunes who had no other option . 
  especially with the famine in the 19th century , many people got on overcowded boats and never got off . 
  a lot of peole thought of america as `` the land of opportunity '' , where they could earn a good life for themselves away from the cultural chains of ireland . 
  that viewpoint continued on for quite some time i guess . 
  big mac , i think ? 
  great movie, 
  i like ireland . 
  i like our landscape , our flora and fauna . 
  i quite like the rich history of the country from the stone age to the iron age . 
  i like our weather - its rarely too hot or too cold , truth be told i even kinda like the rain . 
  the government ? 
  i could take them or leave them . 
  in these warm months ? 
  :( save that for winter !, 
  4 pints = 4.5 x 4 = 20 2 jagerbombs = 2 x 7 = 14 a shot or three = 3 \u00d7 4 = 12 doner pizza = 6 that 's what i generally have , more if it 's a good night . 
  although that totals to $ 52 , i generally go out with 60 or 70 and come back with only a few coins ... 
  a carrot and hummus . 
  if i 'm really hungry , _ carrots _ and hummus . 
  i recorded it once hoping to improve my french . 
  i was rather disappointed, 
  we do n't really have a standard version , as all of the regions have their own distinctions . 
  however a new so called `` d4 irish '' is emerging which is an attempt to standardise the language for all english speaking students learning irish through school . 
  it 's essentially the nice parts plucked from each dialect, 
  in ireland things are generally very organic and slow burning . 
  people generally meet through friends at first and will start off by becoming friends . 
  then there 's a long _ intermediate _ phase where they do things together and go places without using any labels , like a watered down version of the `` courting '' tradition . 
  eventually it leads to the official `` going out '' . 
  gimp ; a complete ignoramus who ca n't do anything right , this one also indicates pity for them gobshite ; a fool who has notions of grandeur gomi ( `` go-me '' ) ; a poser damn , it was unintentional that they all begin with a `` g '' :'d it 's like a page out of a dictionary, 
  mostly study , and telling people about all the study i should be doing . 
  today i 'm baking a lemon ginger cake cause i 'm pretty bored and my parents are having friends over later . 
  monday is a bank holiday so i might go to the local markets and see what 's happening, 
  black pudding, 
  they ai n't doing enough but i guess it 's just a big issue and hard to tackle 2 . 
  i do n't think anyone is in denial , there 's just a general apathy towards it . 
  although we have started seeing signs , or at least we 're told . 
  in the last ten years we have had the coldest winter since the 1940s ( or something like that ) and the hottest summer on record . 
  i think it is a real issue and it 's not being treated as such because the effects are so gradual . 
  we 'll have the whole place fucked before we can reverse or halt the damage . 
  i like horticulture so i plant loads of stuff , i guess that helps . 
  if i ever displace a young tree/bush through the duty of farming i always replant it elsewhere . 
  i also like biodiversity and try to encourage different species of plant to grow , especially natives . 
  it 's a small thing but i guess it helps the _ environment _ more than _ climate change . _, 
  in ireland history is even rooted in the landscape , by the geographical remains of houses/forts thousands of years ago . 
  these are probably what i take most pride in , it is very connective and makes you feel at one with your surroundings . 
  we also have a shit ton of castles , but i guess i prefer the more subtle remains . 
  `` b\u00edonn an ruth ag casadh i gc\u00f3na\u00ed '' or some variation of that , meaning `` the wheel is always turning '' in irish . 
  i quite like it because its a simple acknowledgement of eventualities ; things might be going well now but eventually that will change , likewise if you feel down now thay will also change . 
  few things are constant in life , but by the end everything generally balances out okay . 
  its great , all things considered . 
  gay marriage passed by public vote in 2015 , and now transgender people are able to self declare their gender and alter their birth cert relatively easily . 
  however , we 're still not really there . 
  im 18 and most people my age are fairly liberal , however that decreases the older you go . 
  some young people flew back from abroad to vote yes two years ago while most of the older generations just regarded it as wrong , and it was an uncompromisable no vote from them . 
  there is a stark contrast between the cities and rural communities , and the majority of gay people move away from the countryside when they want to settle down ; although there is rarely out right and tangible homophobia out here , its more of a sense of unwelcome and quiet unease . 
  we dont have prep , although im aware of a few campaigns trying to get in introduced .
