  so i always have a glass of \u015falgam on the table next to the rak\u0131 glass which i drink to wash down that taste . 
  it feels like i become less drunk if i drink rak\u0131 with \u015falgam . 
  yeah , we smoke like a turk . 
  most smokers start smoking at high school . 
  it 's quite an adventure to sneak a smoke in your school 's restroom . 
  i think the thrill of the possibility of a teacher catching you is more enjoyable than the act of smoking . 
  ca n't enjoy vodka since the day i puked my guts out one time but beer is of course loved by all . 
  dude , rak\u0131 is life . 
  ayran only becomes life when you pour some vodka or rak\u0131 over it . 
  ever tried it ? 
  uh , how do you sit next to a friend or a gf then ? 
  they have bigger ones too right ? 
  all the countries in this region are dealing with this problem for years . 
  it happened again when usa invaded iraq but not this large-scale . 
   ultranationalist he is a disgrace to turkish nationalists . 
  how would killing other mps give him more seats ? 
  so are we . 
  just collected a kid 's corpse a few weeks ago . 
  oh god i thought we already had a sufficient number of `` let 's make a fool of ourselves and shame turkish / r/europe redditors because this is what we do as akp politicians '' this month . 
  my right hand is aching from all the facepalming ( or for some other reason if you know what i mean ) we should just build different cities so we can separate men and women easily . 
  this should stop everyone from getting those heretical and un-islamic boners . 
  those tulips are ugly as fuck . 
  dude i sit next to women on public transportation all the time in turkey . 
  and when i do it , i do it dirty . 
  you just know when she likes it dirty . 
  i lean back and make eye contact and everything . 
  i even make sure our knees `` accidentally '' touch from time to time . 
  that 's the stuff . 
  but seriously , it 's only the ninjas you have to worry about . 
  ninjas are the ones that will seem uncomfortable if you sit next to them . 
  by ninjas i mean women who are completely covered in black cloth . 
  well it felt good while it lasted lol . 
   we should be bombing you oh i 'd love to see eu try that . 
  please , go right ahead . 
  would give us an excuse to pull an ottoman . 
  220,000 in one month is nothing . 
  we have +2.2 million . 
  you really think none will be left in turkey ? 
  maybe it will if we set them loose on you . 
  and it 's much more difficult to control the waters especially when all eu does is cry and not give any help with coast guard . 
  you do n't want refugees ? 
  then come fucking help us stop millions of people . 
  nobody gave a shit when we warned people about a possible refugee problem years ago and now you are calling mere hundreds of thousands `` an invasion '' . 
  pathetic . 
  go get angry at greece . 
  they have a bigger aegean border and we are n't even in eu . 
  we have no responsibility to do your gatekeeper job . 
  greece has . 
  you know , eu treats us like we are in eu if it benefits eu . 
  if it does n't benefit eu we are just another a brown islamic country in middle east . 
  so fuck off and solve your own problems . 
  do your own gatekeeping job . 
  this one problem , you ca n't solve by throwing money at from a safe distance . 
  a source is asked , the comment asking it upvoted . 
  source is given , the comment giving the source is downvoted . 
  classic / r/europe `` i reject your reality and substitute my own '' man this is my most favorite quote . 
  people are n't going to forget things when we finally lynch this guy or whatever . 
  then again , probably they will though . 
  i mean we got over the fact that us staged a coup in turkey pretty quick lol . 
  we do n't allow syrians to get in busses that go to thrace . 
  we stop them on the border . 
  a few manage to get themselves smuggled in and we are flooding europe with refugees ? 
  why do n't other european countries get called this ? 
  refugees do n't teleport from turkey to germany . 
  they pass from hungary , bulgaria , croatia , italy , greece , etc. 
  yet nobody talks about them flooding eu with refugees . 
  if we were trying to flood you with refugees , you would know with the sudden increase of 2.2 millions in the number of refugees . 
  actually that 's exactly what we should have done for you ungrateful lot . 
  sarcasm was pretty hard to detect since there are lots of people who actually think like that lol . 
  so what ? 
  do you want to reason with a bunch of people that would even vote isis in with enough trickery , deception , and bribes ? 
  it 's becoming clearer that democracy does n't work in this part of the world . 
   and call that a democratic regime . 
  i would n't be calling it a democratic regime anyway . 
  dude i missed 1 month of my erasmus program because germany decided to be a bitch . 
  a friend of mine had to cancel his erasmus because he could n't get a visa . 
  even if it 's guaranteed that you are only coming to study they give you trouble . 
  he is telling the truth and i have seen it with my eyes . 
  protests of that scale happen everyday really . 
  exactly . 
  it 's not about what you believe in , it 's about what you look like . 
  people ca n't read your mind . 
  so they look at where you are from . 
  this becomes the foundation which they use to judge you . 
  and turkey does and did a lot of wrong shit . 
  so people treat you like the personification of your country . 
  if you come from a mostly-muslim country , then bam !, 
  you are hailing from the land where people want to marry with 4 other women , cover their women up like ninjas , kill gays , kill you in the name of religion , etc. 
  this creates the framework which influences what other people think of you . 
  this gets worse on internet . 
  face to face , when people can see you , they are more likely to understand that you have a personality and opinions that can oppose your nation 's stereotype . 
  behind a fucking monitor i 'm just a dude with a turkish flair on . 
  everyone does this and it 's kinda natural . 
  but when some people start insulting you based on that , it gets shitty . 
  he is telling the truth . 
  somehow germany managed to get the worst kind of turks and not they do n't accept even the educated ones . 
  aww , i admire your idealism ( not really ) but natural selection in politics only works when poeple , you know , have a brain , ability to think critical , and have a higher mental capacity than a unicellar organism . 
  in a country filled with idiots , people tend to make even worse choices when they realize their first choice was bad . 
  we have like 80 million people living here . 
  if everyone gives a push i think we can do it .
