  but mostly the beers and hookers thing . 
  i got a remote controller that can release 2 millions of browns on your soil and i want a helicopter on the roof right now !, 
  allah can kiss my ass . 
  no homo though . 
  they ca n't but they are still hired . 
  why hire a turk for higher wages when you can hire a hopeless syrian willing to work non-legally to keep his belly full ? 
  well , they kinda do n't in turkey . 
  only around 20 % live in refugee camps . 
  i guess that 's why they want to move to eu in the first place . 
  they are n't satisfied with doing low-end jobs and living on parks . 
  just got ta do more soap operas so we 'll have relations high enough to offer vassalage and diplomatically annex them . 
  it 's weird we are that caring enough to protect eu border integrity . 
  we are not even in eu and do n't owe them anything . 
  besides erdo\u011fan would n't mind fucking with eu . 
  as a turk i know what you mean . 
  a nation should never be held responsible for the acts of their pm or president . 
  i 'm surprised why ours ' head is n't hanging from a pole of our parliament yet to be honest . 
  if i ever gon na commit suicide , i 'm gon na do it with style . 
  nope . 
  not you . 
  just general comment about this sub . 
  no , nobody did . 
  that would get you banned . 
  that 's why you hide such thoughts behind words . 
  calm down ` murica . 
  that 's our wet dream . 
  are we legally obligated to stop them ? 
  we are n't in eu and do n't owe them anything but we still act like the gatekeeper of eu . 
  sneaky . 
  they have a very idealized version of europe in their minds . 
  they think all their utopian dreams will be realized when they reach , say , germany . 
  mutual trust between the west and turkey is n't great either . 
  i ca n't imagine gulf arabs supporting us in any way . 
  we would appreciate it more if europe agreed to take , let 's say 500,000 for starters . 
  ^ ^ and ^ ^ then ^ ^ its ^ ^ eurobia ^ ^ kebab-style, 
  if we were being european we would be acting like hungary towards refugees right now . 
  guilty !, 
  hint : next time provide cheap labor . 
  capitalism knows no religion and ethnicity . 
  but they are muslims bro . 
  those who are really poor and ca n't work legally do low-end non-legal jobs . 
  bosses basically treat them as slaves . 
  this hits our labor market hard too ` cuz why hire a turk for higher wages when you got broken syrians who are willing to work as long as they do n't starve ? 
  sometimes i get why they are literally storming the borders of eu and trying so hard to reach the `` utopian europe state '' they formed in their minds . 
  icankillpenguins is also accurate . 
  long story short , they live like dirt . 
  they are free to roam in turkey ( they basically do n't even exist ) though but we stop them from getting to thrace ( because we do n't want flood eu with refugees cuz muh diplomacy ) i guess sleeping in the streets and doing low-end jobs is the reason why they want to leave turkey for eu in the first place . 
  they do n't feel entitled to anything because most of them want to go to eu and stop eating from trash lol turkey is pretty much only transit except for really hopeless people who are okay with living like that . 
  i doubt they 'll be sent back . 
  it 's difficult to track 1.8 m people . 
  i wish it was true . 
  still not really much to do other than killing them as they come . 
  people without hope wo n't give up . 
  it 's either refugees or corpses . 
  how much are you willing to sacrifice in order to protect western way of living ? 
  it 's still dumb to call it an invasion . 
  a clash between cops and refugees is more accurate . 
  seriously , you guys do n't need to be politically correct about this . 
  i 'm not happy with 2 millions of refugees in my country either . 
  you are just trying too hard to be politically correct . 
  just say you do n't want browns on your soil and i would n't be the devil 's lawyer here . 
  what i really hate is westerners trying to put a spin on it like it 's an `` invasion '' or a group of people attacking `` european way of life '' . 
  just confess that you do n't want a particular race or belief in your country . 
  forget the `` you are a racist so everything you say is automatically wrong '' thing . 
  embrace your ideology . 
  this is n't sarcasm i assure you . 
  people were free to voice these opinions pre-wwii . 
  the paranoia is still dumb though . 
  mere thousands of refugees wo n't overpower you . 
  if one in every 100 european shoots one brown you are still good to go . 
  in an legitimate invasion situation , cops and soldiers would have an order to shoot them . 
  do you think the situation is that dire that you must kill refugees as they come ? 
   also , various countries should be helping to fund improvements to living conditions of actual refugees in turkey and other countries bordering syria . 
  it still does n't mean much to me if they would be treating this as an enemy invasion . 
  and hell , we are in nato , they are supposed to help us if this was an invasion . 
  i do n't see any allied air strikes on these brown sub-humans though do i ? 
  you answered to the wrong guy , but yeah you are right . 
  our way of living is different to even middle easterners . 
  they 're economic migrants , therefore they are an invading army ? 
  i do n't see the connection here . 
  did `` economic migrant '' became something as vile as evil conquerors ? 
  if i migrate to germany because i want to make a career as a translator and i got better chances there , and i know german , should i expect a gun pointed at my face ? 
  please explain why these people are treated like they are launching an invasion ? 
  and most of the refugees here are n't in camps . 
  they roam around turkey doing low-end jobs , eating from trash , and sleeping on streets . 
  but shame on them for wanting more than that in their lives . 
  well , i doubt these refugees will install sharia theocracy as a form of government in europe and kill all christians there , during my lifetime , but i guess that 's just me . 
  i really do n't get this paranoia because of some thousand refugees . 
  we got 2 millions of refugees and nobody freaks out . 
  we should be running around hunting them down if we were europeans then . 
  yes , but it was n't brought up when , say , in the aftermath of hungarian uprising . 
  nowadays it 's all about `` economic migrants '' . 
  some refugees in that time even went to usa . 
  imagine the reaction here if syrian refugees tried to go to usa . 
  and these values are under attack by ... refugees ? 
  when did refugees flock only to one country after a war in the history of mankind ? 
  idiots calling it an invasion are the worst . 
  how dare you except an empathetic and kind response in a sub like this especially on the topic of immigration ? 
  you should be ashamed . 
  sick , old , women and children are less likely to survive all that walking , starvation , etc.
