  all nationalists are identical . 
  they just ca n't see how similar they are from the hatred between them . 
  reddit itself is islamophobic . 
  i feel proud that my ancestors inspire such butthurt . 
  infiltration from / r/european is proceeding successfully . 
  and a whole hemisphere is a pretty big exception . 
  even turks do n't care about eu anymore , really . 
  he criticized a mod that should not be mentioned and linked a link that should not be linked . 
  if you mean my comment , i did the same and it 's deleted too . 
  check the other thread in / r/turkey . 
  no i really called you that fella . 
  that `` kemalist chp '' went through a lot of changes in 30 years . 
  hdp and chp might even end up working together after the elections . 
  i 'm voting for hdp you idiot . 
  you think i 'm a kemalist now ? 
  here is another fella with his depiction of turkey stuck in eighties . 
  why my comments keep getting deleted ? 
  my comment above yours is now deleted by mods . 
  that will tell you enough i suppose . 
  it was n't visible when i logged off , now it 's seen as [ deleted ] no matter what . 
  mods deleted it . 
  that deleted comment above tom 's included a link to [ here ] ( http://tinyurl.com/q2298a5 ), 
  my comment below / u/tom1099 's is not visible when i log off . 
  lol . 
  that 's exactly my expectation . 
  election is already done . 
  the results are set . 
  [ this ] ( http://hilelisecim2014.tumblr.com/ ) will happen again . 
  fact 1 : the government and pkk are both fucked up . 
  fact 2 : the government is leading a country . 
  the terrorist organization is leading a band of ak-47 wielding commies . 
  of course the government will kill more . 
  pkk would also kill more civilians if they had the means a government has . 
  but you ca n't compare the two or their body counts . 
  i 'm still voting for hdp , but i would never defend pkk ( or coup governments ) . 
   yes . 
  in refugee camps . 
  with no real housing . 
  i see lots of them begging and sleeping in the streets of \u0130stanbul . 
  refugee camps ca n't support that many people . 
  most of them are free to travel around . 
  and i guess that 's why taking millions of refugees is a bad idea . 
  nice . 
  i want to apply for moderatorship on this sub . 
  there was no armenian genocide . 
  am i in now ? 
  or will the mods delete this comment hypocritically ? 
  [ jelly ? 
  ] ( http://i1376.photobucket.com/albums/ah26/pillowfight/2015-01-06_00010_zps305ed727.jpg ), 
  it seems more like people also hate turkey for succeeding ottoman empire though . 
  keep being butthurt :3, 
  it 's our history , we will celebrate it whether someone likes it or not . 
   second of all , i never wrote any such things about race , jews or greeks , so please check who you ' r answering to . 
  i thought you were that guy . 
  no , it started when someone went `` turks pillaged , raped and looted '' as if no empire in medieval ages has n't done those things and someone else spoke out against this anti-turkish racism . 
  medieval ages was a fucked up period and now it 's over . 
  people should get over it . 
  people act like only we pillaged and conquered in the history of mankind . 
  because nobody is complaining or talking about it . 
  but everyone is singling out ottoman empire for being bad to christians . 
  nope , it 's just your mentality we hate . 
  sadly this mentality is shared by many westerners . 
  oh , the horror !, 
  they imposed religiously discriminatory taxes !, 
  what is it with those ottomans ? 
  do n't they know they should have respected other religions and treated them equally in ** fucking medieval ages where people were jihading , crusading , and burning people at the stake who did n't accept forced conversion ? 
  taxing people who do n't worship your imaginary friend is better than burning them at the stake . 
  remember we are talking about 500 years ago when respecting other religions was n't quite the norm . 
   i meant events such as armenian genocide , which are much more recent . 
  did n't seem like it . 
   i 'd be enclined to agree with you if only you did n't qualify conquest , enslavement , discrimination , ethnic cleansing/reshaping and fucking up the balkans for the next 500 years a `` great cultural interchange '' . 
   seriously , the reason why everyone loves germany is because they always apologised for what they did , while turks mostly do n't ( side effect of kemalist nationalism , sadly ) . 
  you probably realized how stupid that sounds and tried to change the topic with the genocide card . 
  of course you can hate ottomans . 
  they invaded your homeland . 
  every empire had ethnicities that its ' guts . 
  but you project that hatred on modern turks and it makes you irrational . 
  you wanted to prove that turks are familiar with skin color based racism by talking about jews and greeks ? 
  racism in turkey boils down to identities instead . 
  yeah mate nobody is gon na damage our relations with our best friend forever greek deadbeats . 
  we do n't recognize our raids against the chinese when we were nomads either . 
  the guy said `` 1453 best day of my life !, 
  remove gyros ! '', 
  so they deleted it i guess . 
  the other comment said something along the lines of `` lots of butthurt '', 
  trying too hard to incite a fight between us and those stinky greeks :3, 
   seriously , the reason why everyone loves germany is because they always apologised for what they did , while turks mostly do n't ( side effect of kemalist nationalism , sadly ) . 
  can you get every country to apologize for what they did in medieval ages ? 
  you are acting like it was only ottomans that did looting , conquering and pillaging while it was the norm those times . 
  nobody asks scandinavians to apologize for the viking era but we are the bad guys eh ? 
  hell , people even romanticize the viking ages . 
  nobody hates them for it . 
  it was fucking 500 years ago . 
  get over it . 
  let the butts heal . 
  btw this sub sometimes acts like it is better than / r/worldnews but no , it 's as bad as / r/worldnews . 
  thx m8 :3 that was a nice comment amongst the ottomans ( which means turks ) were rapist conquerors shit . 
  this is the reason why most turks hate every other nation . 
  now brace yourself . 
  genocide accusations are coming !,
