   though what happened thirty years ago are also a strong argument for separatism , some wrongs can only be forgiven by not having to deal with the ones who committed them . 
  this is the damn [ reply ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3g9kxl/very_disturbing_video_of_kurdish_workers/ctwanp3?context=3 ) you have given to my other comment . 
  or can we apply the same mentality to the kurdish nation ? 
  you see the world by looking at the picture of a picture of a picture of world 's picture . 
  the facts get lost and mangled until they reach you and you take it for granted . 
  here is something you miss , it is n't the eighties anymore . 
  pkk lacks the justification they used to have . 
  we have kurdish ministers , kurdish language courses in private schools , kurdish channels . 
  kurds live their culture as free as i live as a circassian . 
  if you are going to justify pkk 's actions by looking at what turkey did three decades ago in the bloody coup times ( which had the support of us mind you ) , then you are beyond reason anyway . 
  if we are going to start arguing about who did what , your people should return to europe for a start . 
  that 's your logic ? 
  really ? 
  you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about . 
  you never walked into a country plagued by terrorism i bet . 
  you are only feeding on propaganda and believe whatever confirms your bias . 
  but sure , go on . 
  keep living that dream where big bad turks genocide goodie kurdish freedom fighters . 
  yes . 
  your comment history is not only about pkk and turkey at all . 
  us must be supporting isis . 
  it 's undeniable !, 
  edit : i blame obama for that one downvote . 
  i remember you . 
  you were that pro-pkk guy in the other thread . 
  take your propaganda elsewhere man . 
  / r/worldnews loves this stuff . 
  the moment we allow people to walk around with rpgs , it 's going to be the moment we have a civil war on our hands . 
  this video is a proof that it has n't started yet . 
  good to know only few innocent people died during arsons . 
  that took a load of my mind . 
   and , you make it sound as if it was such a smooth and easy time ... ` developed and grew ' together . 
  yes , i 'm sure . 
  of course not . 
  we just killed and genocided each other non-stop . 
  at least we are glad to see that not everyone supports pkk . 
  majority of kurds in turkey do n't even want independence . 
  tell that to the kurds pkk killed . 
  they made several pro-pkk comments . 
  like saying `` millions voted for us for release of \u00d6calan ( pkk leader ) '' . 
  statements like that will alienate the 3-4 % turkish votes of the 13 % votes total hdp got . 
  hdp has so much to gain from putting distance between themselves and pkk . 
  finally a peaceful and democratic kurdish movement we would have but this is the best we got . 
  i voted for them myself so they can pass % 10 threshold . 
  turkey killed socialists , nationalists , alevis , kurds alike . 
  it was a brutal coup and everyone was damaged by it , even my dad . 
  nobody can justify terrorist organizations because of that . 
  turkey had a bigger body count because it was a damn whole country led by a military coup meanwhile pkk was a terrorist organizations that ran on guerrilla tactics . 
  thanks man . 
  but please differentiate pkk from kurds when you are referring to them . 
  such way of thinking is deemed racist in turkey . 
  only ultra-nationalists in turkey call pkk `` kurds '' . 
  most kurds do n't agree with pkk and their violent methods . 
  they are just people who want to get on with their lives like anyone else . 
  western media has a tendency to lump all kurdish groups into a vague group called `` kurds '' . 
  also , to be honest i really doubt europe has got our back with this pkk problem but anyway . 
  we do n't fret this much about our bloody history ourselves , but eeeveryone talks about how much we are supposed to hate each other and shit . 
  we may have invaded their lands and they may have invaded ours once upon a time , but what 's a war or two between bros ? 
  we fought against everyone . 
  that does n't mean we should hate everyone . 
  we warred against anzaks too but they were the most honorable enemies turks know . 
  and anything pleasuring was illegal in nineteen eighty-four . 
  minimum wage is like 950 actually , so we can buy 172,7 . 
  950 liras make 313 euros by the way . 
  yes . 
  being `` turkish '' is much more about identity than genetics . 
  there is no such thing as a pure turk since we fucked long around in this region from caucasus to balkans . 
  i do n't think all of these countries keeps tabs on what race their inhabitants are . 
  that sounds weird as fuck . 
  i 'm circassian but i consider myself turkish . 
  blood of the traitor still runs in my veins but i silenced the little part inside my brain that screams and rattles against the chains of totalitarian oppressive turkish sharia genocidacracy . 
  btw there is no race statistics here so i wonder where the data is from . 
  times like this you wish you were living in a place with nothing but ice around you and nowhere near oil . 
  i got my comments deleted once because i criticized that serbian troll mod by showing some of his extremely nationalistic comments . 
  yet i constantly hear about comments being deleted because it 's too `` racist '' or something . 
  the guy was glorifying nazist dictators . 
  they took the moderatorship of the guy afterwards though . 
  pkk declared the end of the ceasefire and killed 2 off-duty cops . 
  of course turkish army will start offensive against pkk . 
  erdo\u011fan is a dick , yeah , whatever . 
  but do n't trust anything from this source either way . 
  things are not as bad as they dramatize it to be . 
  yeah i 'd really love to see erdo\u011fan hanging from the pole of the turkish flag at the outside of parliament but it 's summer , too hot and lazy to do a civil war . 
  journalism has become a show business . 
  it was a civil war during gezi too . 
  not all kurds vote for hdp . 
  basically around the half votes for erdo\u011fan . 
  kurdish akp voters used to be so much more . 
  also , there are turks voting for hdp too . 
  it 's very narrowminded to label hdp as the `` kurdish party '' . 
  which are on turkish soil . 
  to be honest kurds in turkey are more conservative and religious than average turks . 
  this does n't mean they are `` bad '' or anything . 
  western media plays up `` evilness '' of being religious too much . 
  we ca n't live together , because of this fucking ideology called `` nationalism '' . 
  in the end what everyone wants is to live together in peace , but we ca n't do that because of fear-mongering . 
  it 's not worth it definitely . 
  kurds getting their independence is also not worth it because of what will come after independence . 
  but tell that to turkish and kurdish nationalists . 
  we bled enough for those lands .
