  oh i 'd love it . 
  i also love it when europeans tell us how much we are not wanted at every opportunity in every irrelevant discussion . 
  it 's heartwarming . 
  serbia will become a member much sooner than turkey . 
  all of eastern european countries will be in eu before turkey . 
  save this comment and look again in a few decades . 
  yeah , and merkel expects us to buy her promises of a sped up ascension process to cut down a century , maybe ? 
  lol, 
  turkey has never did any campaigns against kurds . 
  you are speaking from your ass . 
  turkey did operations against pkk , a terrorist organization that also has done operations against turkey . 
   they 'll be played by the turks , giving and promising all sorts of things while not recieving anything promised . 
  this is what we expect from merkel . 
  this is n't the first time eu is dangling the ascension card at make us do their work . 
  i give a `` oh please '' to the bullshit going on here too . 
  both turkish and european narratives are distant from reality . 
  then again , reality is irrelevant in politics . 
  that 's what i just said you idiot . 
  what does it have to do with this argument about respecting turkey and stuff anyway ? 
  well , at least not more . 
   ` conquer ' is the wrong word for the greek side i 'd say . 
  they were going for a political union by way of coup d'\u00e9tat . 
  still plenty illegal and plenty aggressive though . 
  it 's not `` conquer '' when greece tries to annex cyprus , but it 's `` conquer '' when we intervene to protect the minority turks ? 
  do n't give me that `` oh we hate the country , not the people '' bullshit . 
  top comment literally says  she will let 75 million turks free movement to europe . 
  oh the horror !, 
   and its not like we 're going to deport these migrants to you without giving you any money to deal with them . 
  we will be given 3b . 
  we spent 8b to deal with this problem . 
  not good enough . 
  about visas ... well , i 'm not going to europe anytime soon lol . 
  i would want easier visas but the price is too much . 
  it seems like merkel will dangle visas and eu memberships at anyone if she can dump a problem on someone else . 
  might wan na take advantage of it before she gives up on us and tries north korea or something / s, 
  we do n't push them to go to europe . 
  they pay smugglers to reach europe . 
  they do n't want to stay here . 
  if you dump them on us they will still try to go to europe . 
  for your first point , i only said germany did this to gain workers and not to schmooze turkey . 
  your `` you should be grateful '' shit does n't mean much to me because germany did n't do this to help us . 
  they did this to help themselves . 
  if a country does something that is not beneficial for itself , but beneficial for its ' ally , than that 's something that people should feel grateful for . 
  and for your second point , go look at a map and you 'll realize why refugees and terrorists always pass through turkey and not , say , australia . 
  also give me an example of a country that can block all human smuggling operations with 100 % efficiency . 
   actually they did do turks a favour , why else are turks still so desperate to immigrate to europe then ? 
  europe offered millions of turks a better life when they did n't have to . 
  there were other more suitable nationalities that could have been selected . 
  the foremost reason was getting workers . 
  it 's a bitch to go to germany as a turkish citizen nowadays because why ? 
  germany does n't need workers anymore . 
  we are n't useful anymore . 
   the west regularly caters to turkey 's whims for ` geopolitical reasons ' , even going as far as to not recognise the armenian genocides to appease turkey for this reason . 
  how is that not treating turkey with respect ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  rejecting the genocide used to be a crime in some countries and the only reason those countries lifted this law is because it conflicts with freedom of speech . 
  also many countries recognize it . 
  and every country sees armenian genocide as a tool to pressure turkey or have armenia swoon over them . 
  nobody gives a shit about the dead . 
   the fact turkey was even considered to be part of the eu shows respect was given . 
  it did n't have to especially when it is n't even in europe . 
  no , it 's insulting . 
  trying to fool us into deals with ambiguous promises is insulting . 
  if eu thinks we are dumb enough to believe them than that 's insulting . 
  if people expect us to buy this `` oh we 'll speed up your process so you can join a century earlier so only 900 years left to go '' bullshit , then it 's insulting . 
  also , about not being in europe : cyprus . 
   btw europe does not owe turkey anything and you need to understand that . 
  i merely stated that turkey has done a lot that would garner disgust from europe yet europe continues to respect turkey . 
  you 're literally complaining that turkey is n't treated as ` one of us ' . 
  since when is that a form of disrespect ? 
  you said the west respects turkey . 
  i said it does n't . 
  you are telling me how the west respects turkey and i 'm telling you how it does n't . 
  turkey of course wo n't treated as `` one of us '' by the west . 
  we are nothing like you . 
   having millions of their citizens allowed to settle across europe post-wwii situation . 
  europe needed workers nothing else . 
  do n't make it seem like they did us a favor . 
   cooperation in middle east wars us fucks middle east up and we clean up after them . 
  what help they have given us with our conflicts ? 
  the west even sympathizes with a terrorist organization that has been plaguing us for decades . 
  what help they have given us against pkk ? 
   prospective eu membership lol what eu membership ? 
  the lie that has been told us for decades ? 
  do you know how big of an insult it is when you guys keep dangling the eu card with a stick in front of our faces still ? 
  there is calling a person dumb , and then there is telling a person that he will join eu and expecting him to buy it . 
  also , big thank you goes to us for supporting a coup in our country which set us decades back . 
  you guys really know how to treat your `` partners '' and nato allies . 
  did we support a coup in your land ? 
  then we are more worthy friends to you than you have been to us . 
  oh who am i kidding ? 
  friend only means `` puppet '' to you folks . 
  [ this guy is pathetic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ojn5unr.gifv ), 
  i said it in the other thread and i 'll say it again here . 
  merkel is lying . 
  she wo n't let turkey become a eu member . 
  we are acquainted with empty and ambiguous promises regarding ascension process . 
  you guys have nothing to worry about . 
  no dirty turks will be setting foot on your wonderful utopia freely . 
  then your opinion is not the popular one .
