  all hail our glorious mayor . 
  and nobody can shove that government down their throats . 
  they have to create it themselves . 
  they need the tools to create it and it 's not weapons . 
  i think people require a more quality and secular education . 
  i 'm not claiming i know all about this but it 's just how i see it . 
  yeah , tribes can be really big and not everyone in them knows each other . 
  turks are also family oriented but not as much as the folks doing this `` tribe '' thing . 
  i laugh at westerners ' definition of `` distant relative '' . 
  you ai n't seen distant relative boy . 
  yeah , turkey adopted the french version of secularism and hijab used to be banned here in schools , governmental buildings , etc. 
  i think france should regulate mosques and imams rather than banning clothing . 
  i remember watching got with my dad and boy those awkward silence moments during sex scenes lol it 's really based more on the individual than the religious and social values . 
  being more liberal is n't a sign you 'll be all modern and shit while watching sex scenes with parents . 
  my mom is probably more religious but i remember making jokes and laughing during sex scenes in movies we watched together . 
  `` tribe '' is more like a dynasty than an actual tribe . 
  it 's the biggest version of `` family '' you can get . 
  it 's also a thing amongst kurds here in turkey . 
   i really thought islam was more pro science . 
  it 's kinda the opposite . 
  some muslims still believe in islam and accept the evolution theory though . 
  i 've seen plenty of muslims doing it here in turkey . 
  calm your tits champion . 
  he was most likely joking . 
  it 's just his propaganda leaking off to middle east . 
  the last ottoman emperor led to the collapse of ottoman empire and then ran away to live in the west . 
  i think going for humanitarian aid rather than sending weapons to a faction is a more reliable choice that would n't end up with creating more terrorism . 
  that 's oversimplifying it . 
  our democracy is n't like the european or american one . 
  at least you guys do n't have election fraud . 
  russia is more democratic than us . 
   rather than a politicized issue . 
  just like armenian genocide then . 
  ps : note the part which i included in the quote . 
  every war we have won is called a genocide ... greeks ? 
  oh they were just applying some acceptable scorched earth tactics . 
  lol why people are downvoting you ? 
  it 's kind of being shoved in our faces . 
  that 's why most turks do n't care . 
  what matter is who you are and who you are killing . 
  as long as you are the right person killing the right person , you can pull off ten srebrenicas and still join the eu . 
  [ most migrants crossing mediterranean will be sent back , eu leaders to agree ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33ixi7/most_migrants_crossing_mediterranean_will_be_sent/ ) top comment is `` good '' forced deportation is `` good '' . 
  oh the poor europe got a wave of refugees poor poor europe . 
  imagine the reaction if we did this to the millions of syrian refugees we have now . 
  edit : downvoted lol . 
  hyprocite self-righteous douchebags . 
  every war we have won is called a genocide lol . 
  if we lose a war what happens in the aftermath is called `` persecution of ottoman muslims '', 
  at least you are a man about it . 
  not hiding it behind words . 
  i respect that . 
  western nations follow turkish politics from 40 years back . 
  they probably think we still ban kurdish or something lol . 
  turkish government will never recognize because reparations . 
  this is futile . 
  no , but we are actually genetically closer to the former inhabitants of turkey , like greeks for example . 
  there is n't anything like `` pure turkish '' . 
  people are very mixed and there is n't a stereotypical turkish look . 
  basically 30 % of turkey are refugees who came to turkey looking for a place to live . 
  i 'm half-circassian myself . 
  balkans was totally a colonialism thing and what you are saying makes sense . 
  but i have seen people stretch `` colonialism '' to all of turkey and telling us to go back to central asia . 
  it 's hard to feel not desensitized about this whole genocide business after dealing with people like that all the time . 
  it 's not like i deny it , i think i simply do n't care . 
  we were just the wrong people killing the wrong people . 
  if we were the right people killing the right people , we might as well be in eu by now , even if we did worse than srebrenica massacre . 
  i blame obama . 
  and that guy who was the first turkish ruler to convert to islam . 
  ugh , no . 
  no need to tarnish relationships with balkans . 
  the dead wo n't resurrect if everyone in the world accepts anyway . 
  it 's just the way it is with wars . 
  i do n't think there was an independence war with zero civilian casualties . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  people have an atrocity filter built into their nationalities and it 's incredibly hypocritical how some people make justifications for some atrocities while criticize it when the same justifications are given by turks . 
  justifications are stupid either way . 
  that filter is like a wall where you need to stand on the right side of . 
  who speaks of the khojaly massacre nowadays ? 
  who knows what it even is ? 
  what 's funny is , i would be going `` recognize !, 
  gib clay ! '', 
  if i was born some kilometers to the east . 
  nationalism is a funny thing . 
  it makes people hypocritical . 
  no country is recognizing it either . 
  and i heard plenty of justifications for that . 
  ironically enough , those justifications are the exact same justifications you can hear turks giving about armenian genocide . 
  yet i have seen them getting upvoted here . 
  i guess in the end what matters is who is killing who . 
  edit : this got upvoted . 
  that 's a surprise . 
  i guess it ai n't so bad . 
  having a majority of a particular ethnicity populating a region gives a claim to the state representing said ethnicity . 
  it was the most peaceful way of preventing another conflict . 
  we also feared another [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims ) , i think . 
  that 's how cyprus happened . 
  nationalism is fucked up . 
  yeah , some turks feel bad that what they went through do n't get that much attention in contrast to armenian genocide . 
  and what happened to turks in balkans blatantly gets justifications or denied altogether . 
  this `` recognize what i went through and i 'll recognize yours '' thing is childish but that 's what some people think .
