  just a few days ago a refugee got killed by a richrochet bullet and people here would give the guy who shot him an award if they could . 
  i wonder how they would react if this was an ukrainian refugee . 
  look at [ my upvoted comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3oxdex/afghan_migrant_shot_dead_trying_to_enter_bulgaria/cw1ogdc ) here . 
  just cut the politically correct rhetoric out . 
  edit : the deleted comment above called me called a racist for saying that thing about turkey being treated as a dumpster . 
  i was n't calling refugees garbage , i was calling turkey a problem dumpster . 
  but even though if i did , that still does n't mean nothing compared to the shit that 's said about refugees on this sub . 
  i was supportive too before i realized that this deal does n't benefit turkey at all . 
  it 's not turkey and eu cooperating to deal with the refugee problem . 
  it 's eu seeing turkey as a dumpster . 
  yeah , a sane eu would never accept turkey in its ' current state . 
  i changed my mind . 
  this refugee situation is going out of control and i 'm not leaving turkey anytime soon . 
  greek jets also invade our airspace . 
  this thing has been going on for a while . 
  you see a greek jet inside your borders ? 
  meh , no harm in that . 
  greeks are friendlies . 
  russian jet inside our border ? 
  oh god they confused us with ukraine !, 
  i think we should keep a scoreboard with greece to see who invaded the other 's airspace more . 
  loser buys the winner jet fuel . 
  nice . 
  that was close . 
  we got enough on our plates . 
  and it was n't an offer of eu membership . 
  just a `` we 'll turn turkey into a refugee garbage dump and throw y' all some visas '' . 
  they also included a # 2.2 billion as part of the bribe . 
  even an offer of full eu membership is n't big enough of a bribe for this . 
  i think people here can do some empathy . 
  we all know how it 's like to deal with refugees . 
  akp surprised me by turning down this offer . 
  `` fuckin ' visas people ! '', 
  is a nice pre-election topic in rallies . 
  turks also squat too . 
  smoking while squatting is mandatory . 
  your arms must extend and the elbows must touch the knees . 
  squatters ' natural habitat is picnic areas where you can do some nice bbq . 
  i expect some shit to go down during elections . 
  election fraud has been mostly small-time . 
  country-wide electricity blackouts , bags of pre-akp-voted ballots found in cars that do n't have license plates , etc. 
  i think they 'll step it up . 
   i do n't personally know anyone who hates turks or turkey . 
  they may hate erdogan 's policies , certain parts of turkey 's ( ottoman 's ) past actions etc. 
  but that 's the same as with several other countries . 
  it 's nothing turkey specific . 
  russia would be another obvious example of that . 
  i 've never met a single person who hated russians or russia . 
  they may not be putin fans and may hate certain actions ( invasion of ukraine etc ) but not the people of russia . 
  why would they ? 
  i do n't know . 
  you are sincere but i witnessed the opposite so many times i have a hard time believing . 
  it 's not actually what european citizens say about us . 
  it 's just people are butthurt over eu treating us like a filthy dog that nobody in their right mind would let in on his house . 
  and now eu treats us a garbage bin to throw refugees in , if this new deal goes accordingly . 
  we are not even in eu but we are playing the gatekeeper of eu . 
  i doubt turkey would apologize to armenia any time soon . 
  nobody really wants to cede land or pay reparations . 
  i hate to say it but we are a very nationalistic and proud people . 
  some just do n't wan na accept that this happened . 
   i remember high ranking german politicians publicly saying stuff like `` turkey will never be ready to join eu '' , etc a few years back and i thought `` well that is going to end bad '' . 
  hmm , i do n't remember that one . 
  most of us distinctly remember sarkozy 's comments about us . 
  `` turkey has no place in eu '' or something like that . 
  anyway , after a while we assumed europeans think of us as savage barbarians and that 's when `` well , fuck the eu then we did n't wan na be in your cool club either :'( '' trend started to happen . 
  then erdo\u011fan shoves down his neo-ottoman `` we are the best they all envy us blabla '' bullshit rhetoric down and people buy it . 
  turks are very proud people and some people really wanted to believe it . 
  our inferiority complex started to transform into superiority complex . 
  we should have known our place . 
  now before someone comes along again to tell me how it 's not eu 's fault , i know . 
  i 'm not saying it 's eu 's fault . 
  there were many other factors at play and people with a healthy mentality would n't react like this . 
  but like i said we are a proud people and this put a dent in our national identity . 
  i think eu never considered turkey to join . 
  they just wanted to use eu as a card to keep turkey around , and since eu is a valuable ally to turkey , we played along . 
  also , eastern european nations had lots of positive points that helped them join . 
  they were n't muslim , they were n't big , they were n't populous , etc. 
  this helped them to get a free pass on all the corruption , human rights , etc stuff . 
  if we were much smaller and less muslim , we would have a better chance . 
  it 's understandable why eu did n't accept us in . 
  i would n't if i was eu too . 
  every abrahamic religion believes in the same allah/god/whatever but we still killed each other for centuries for said big guy upstairs . 
  it 's stupid . 
  mr. beardy should have stopped with jews or at least had a verse in quran that says `` christians and jews are your bros. . thou shalt not kill thy bros. '' damn , our god is an idiot . 
  i wish we had a cool god like zeus . 
  it will be the same as last time . 
   if the turks want to go at it alone , let them . 
  why should we be around people who do n't like us main reason behind why turks do n't trust anyone is because they think nobody likes them . 
  when we were trying to join eu and received a negative reaction , people felt cheated . 
  nobody forgot that . 
  the stereotype of europeans from the perspective of turks ( snobby , holier-than-thou , pompous , cold , etc ) was shaped by that attitude . 
  turks never wanted to go at it alone but that 's where we found ourselves . 
  and still , turkey favors eu the most . 
  eu having 33 % is actually quite good . 
  at least it 's a warning to the rest . 
  ** edit : ** ca n't believe people upvoted this lmao . 
  this is a human being guys !, 
  if an european got killed by a ricochet bullet , people would be calling for resignation , or something . 
  what do we do next ? 
  chop up his limbs and nail them on the border fence as a warning ?
