  you should look outside of your bubble yourself . 
  turkish and greek claims of airspace disputes each other . 
  that 's why some turks defend this . 
  but of course europeans will look at it from the greek angle . 
  so do n't criticize us for looking at it from our angle . 
  [ this is the current airspace ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c4/aegean_6_nm.svg/432px-aegean_6_nm.svg.png ) [ this is what is claimed by greece and rejected by turkey ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/62/aegean_10_nm.svg ) . 
  can you see all those almost unnoticeable little rocks on sea and blue circles around it ? 
   `` someone else did it !! '', 
  except the reason why this very image is posted here is because `` you also do it '' hypocrites . 
  lol cyprus is n't even in nato . 
  you are supposed to get angry at turkey for invading a eu country you silly . 
   the reason greece and turkey do n't escalate to serious confrontation is that people understand the costs will be great . 
  the reason why greece and turkey do n't escalate to a serious confrontation ... is because we are fucking allies . 
  turkey invading greece would be like usa invading canada . 
   they do n't occupy historical territories of one another , no turk ( except ultranationalists ) lays claim to greek islands and no greek ( except ultranationalists ) lays claim to \u0130stanbul . 
  hahah greece and all nato will be fucked if that happens . 
  it has been reposted so many times it 's basically shitposting now . 
  look , lem me summarize whats going on between us and russia ... by quoting another [ redditor ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/3u51bn/erdogan_in_2012_brief_airspace_violations_cant_be/cxc1lbf )  you guys bombed turkmens and we asked you to stop it , we summoned your envoy and kindly asked to stop the bombardment . 
  you gave no fucks . 
  now , do not even dare to say `` turkmens are not turkish citizens , what is it to you ? '' . 
  you invaded crimea by giving the reasoning `` ethnic russians were under the threat of ukrainian rebels , so crimea has to be invaded . '', 
  and we did not say a word ( as turkey ) . 
  let alone invading turkmen-occupied regions in syria , we simply asked you to stop killing turkmens , and you said `` well , we are a superpower , we do whatever we want . '' . 
  this is why turkey downing a russian plane is completely different than turkey invading greek airspace . 
  so why people lose their shit when turkish jets fly over greek seas then ? 
  it 's not a problem when russians do it , but it 's a problem if turks do it . 
  greeks also do the same thing to us regularly but we do n't shoot their planes down . 
  one is a nato ally , the other is the reason why nato was founded . 
  of course turks invading greek or greeks invading turkish airspace will have no repercussions than russia doing it . 
  the whole point of our independence war was to not sign that . 
  turkey does n't shoot greek planes down when greece violates turkish airspace too . 
  and yes , they violate our airspace too . 
  putin is just going for sympathy points by changing the topic to terrorists . 
  it would be like erdo\u011fan changing the topic to crimea . 
  bravo to putin for dividing nato countries though . 
  nato countries basically have russia 's back now when it comes to violating nato airspace lmao . 
  and they call us shitty allies . 
  yeah the whole world did n't give a shit when it happened . 
  now russia 's plane gets shot down and people react like russia is in nato and turkey is not in case you guys missed it , russia was invading nato borders . 
  yeah , we just shot it down to start wwiii for shits and giggles . 
  greece violates turkish airspace too and both countries dispute each others ' claims of airspace . 
  every few months some idiot posts this image here like it 's new lol . 
  i expect people to be more creative about finding new stuff to blame turkey about . 
  also , russia invading our airspace is a lot different than turkey invading greek airspace or greece invading turkish airspace . 
  one is like the school bully giving you a push and the other is like whacking your brother on the head . 
  russia is an invasion happy country ( whole world seems to forget about crimea ) that likes to violate the airspace of everyone . 
  greeks are bros. . greeks also keep invading our airspace but we do n't shoot them down . 
  we shoot russian jets down , not greek . 
  because allies !, 
  russia violated nato borders . 
  well everyone arms kurds anyway . 
  all our allies and enemies are supporting them lol . 
  there are cheap arguments when it comes to any nation . 
  some have a lot , some have a few . 
  you guys are nazis , turks are genocidal , americans invade anything that moves , and so on . 
  americans got quite a lot too . 
  gun-toting , ignorant , world police complex , cia , etc. 
  i guess that 's why they get blamed more even for irrelevant stuff . 
  we all have those baggage from our nationality which people abuse . 
  i ca n't remember how many times i was arguing about something completely irrelevant and the other guy basically said `` yeah , but you genocided armenians so you are automatically incorrect '' . 
  i 'm sure it happens to germans with nazi stuff too . 
  but i do n't see it happening often . 
  sometimes it 's used in an humorous way since everyone knows it 's not true ( like the french getting called surrender monkeys except for kicking the collective asses of several european states in history on more than one occasion ) . 
  we laugh at those jokes but some people take it as fact . 
  i feel dissuaded from making `` kebab can not into eu :'( '' jokes because quite a lot of people really think eu is the only thing we think about . 
  in any thread about turkey there is always one guy who says something like `` turkey ca n't join eu '' ( hellooo ? 
  turkey stopped caring about joining eu like a decade ago , europeans talk about turkey 's ascension process more than turks do ) and the other guy who brings up armenian genocide , regardless of its ' relevance . 
  europe goes on and on about integration but it 's not a problem if it 's them not integrating lol . 
  integrating means a little bit more than obeying the laws . 
  most muslims are basically born muslim . 
  they hear that religious bullshit from their parents growing up and come to accept that . 
  first isis needs to be recognized as a state . 
  then uk needs to declare war on isis . 
  bonus : france probably can invoke article 5 afterwards too . 
  well , i 've never came across anybody doing it . 
  hell , people are angry at germany for making eu accept more refugees , not otherwise . 
  i do n't think anybody blames germans anymore at this age . 
  americans are blamed more . 
  though it 's more or less deserved . 
  invasion of iraq never4get . 
  geez . 
  we got more than 2.2 millions with a 77 million population . 
  lebanon , a tiny state with 4.4 million people , has more refugees than all of europe combined . 
  \u0130stanbul alone has more refugees than europe . 
  yet europe never stops bitching and exaggerating their `` huge '' refugee numbers . 
  if europe thinks it 's getting invaded by refugees , ours is like an alien invasion . 
  despite being the shining beacon of humanity , tolerance , multi-culturalism , and economically being in a better state than countries like lebanon , you guys ca n't even handle a few hundreds of thousands of refugees . 
  were n't we getting criticized for not accepting enough refugees from kobane some months ago ? 
  europe has every right to deny refugees but sometimes they get really stupid doing it . 
  `` refugees are invaders '' , `` all terrorists are migrants '' wtf ? 
  you either close your borders to them and do n't berate other countries for not accepting enough refugees or for not being tolerant enough to minorities , or you do n't say stupid shit when refugees start pouring over your borders . 
  i know right . 
  they do n't even have a right to be in eu while occupying the lands of a member state . 
  ... oh , are you looking at my flair ? 
  that 's not turkey . 
  actually that 's the flag of secret tunisia which absolutely has no connection to turkey at all . 
  yeah , so ... yeah . 
  edit : hypocrisy in this comment tree is getting unbearable lol . 
  dunno if i should take notes or enjoy my popcorn . 
   it 's nearly 2 % of their population in just twelve months .
