  that hardcore kemalist `` kafatas\u00e7\u0131 '' ( skuller ? ), 
  mentality mostly died out . 
  it 's true mhp is n't all that secular . 
  they are still less religious than akp . 
  this is just giving a message to muslims that they are not wanted . 
  most of them do n't feel murdery when they see drawings like this . 
  they just feel like how a european would feel if they saw an anti-lgtb march or nazi march or something . 
  they feel that they are not wanted . 
  this is n't going to help them integrate . 
  it even radicalizes the moderates . 
  drawing muhammed to make a joke is something , drawing him to provoke muslims is another . 
  nobody does shit like this to `` celebrate '' free speech . 
  it 's childish . 
  this is my opinion as an atheist who grew up among muslims . 
  islam may be fucked up , but the west is n't helping . 
  people are already angry . 
  fucking their prophet with dildos or invading their lands is n't going to fix anything . 
  it 's good that some westerners see this , at least . 
  people are milking this nicely . 
  killing civilians does n't seem like self-defense . 
  i can find the page where pkk brags in their own newspaper about killing the relatives of a village ranger . 
  or you can read serxwebun yourself and actually research the history of the group you are talking about . 
  all that `` for the people '' ( aka for us ) and `` liberating enemy resources '' ( aka stealing weapons ) communist jargon will make your head go numb after a while though . 
  in short , bi siktir git . 
  greek side rejected the annan plan and i do n't think it 's going to resurface again anytime soon . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  i always get around the internet blocks so i literally have no idea about internet censorship lol . 
  gaining access to all blocked websites at once takes like one minute . 
  even erdo\u011fan once said `` i can enter youtube , and so can you . '', 
  racism in turkey focuses more on identity rather than that weirdo stuff . 
  that 's a really small faction . 
  turkey ca n't afford to attack an ally at any hypothetical scenario whatever the gains may be . 
  we see greece as a friendly country and any military action would n't exactly make the people happy . 
  especially when we got syria and to mess with . 
  also , interior instability . 
  do n't trust wikipedia when it comes to turkey . 
  half of it is bullshit . 
  they say hdp is a green party i mean what the flying fuck . 
  not that i like mhp or anything . 
  i 'd say they are `` normal '' right . 
  although this left-right thing does n't really work for categorizing turkish parties . 
  right and left is an obsolete concept . 
  bah\u00e7eli can be stupid and idealist sometimes but at least he cleared the violent nationalist thugs from the streets . 
  at least everything can be blamed on akp and mhp when inevitably they fuck it up . 
  they 'll take the fall and chp and hdp will have room to grow . 
  if they did that , they would lose every speck of kurdish votes they have now . 
  akp is in a tight situation , so they might just do that . 
  but giving the corrupted ministers a fair and just trial is something akp will never accept . 
  touching those snowflakes would bring down a fucking avalanche . 
  akp-mhp coalition will lead to akp losing votes to mhp , and mhp voting votes to chp . 
  at least they would lose power . 
  one side of me wants them to take power so they can take the fall when everything comes down . 
  but dude , beer :(, 
  pretty accurate but imho ,  chp/mhp/hdp hate each other ( nearly ) as much as they hate akp chp and mhp does n't hate each other that much . 
  some mhp voters dislike chp for being welcoming towards hdp and some chp voters now dislike mhp for going fuck-all towards coalition possibilities . 
  not chp and hdp either . 
  mhp does n't hate akp too . 
  mhp frequently gave their support to akp . 
   mhp voter base hates akp and erdogan not really . 
  there are a lot of similarities with mhp and akp voter base . 
  mhp would rather ally with akp than be in a coalition that has hdp 's support in any way . 
  sure , they would lose some voters , but most people will be happy with mhp not giving hdp any ground . 
   nope , theyve never supported terrorism [ kek ] ( http://pkkningercekyuzu.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/hdpnin-7-haziran-2015-se%c3%a7imlerinde-kullanmas%c4%b1-gereken-as%c4%b1l-reklam-filmi-9.jpg ) and its ' [ top ] ( http://store.donanimhaber.com/0b/05/d8/0b05d86f7e011513d7bbaa34333b28f9.jpg ), 
  does it matter why the congolese were targeted ? 
  if we were the ones that caused the death of 10 million congolese , i 'm sure people would remember it as a genocide . 
  well , it was the armenian `` group '' that was rebelling and trying to secure a state out of ottoman empire by collaborating with russia . 
  of course armenians were going to be targeted . 
  belgium targeted the congolese as a group why is n't that called a genocide ? 
   edit : found a map . 
  not genociding armenians might have led to a large loss of territory in the east , land that is now firmly part of turkey . 
  yes , but now kurds live there and they stake a claim to that area . 
   there was no genocide . 
   the reason millions of congolese were killed was not because of their ethnic or religious background , nor was it the result of an official or unofficial campaign to eliminate their group ; rather , the measures that led to all those deaths had profit as their sole goal and oppressed the local populations to achieve it , using very violent , inhumane measures . 
  and ottoman empire killed armenians during deportation . 
  ottoman empire killed armenians while killing revolters . 
  armenians living in the west were untouched . 
  yet the world accepts this as a genocide . 
  a deliberate act to exterminate a particular race . 
  why the one in congo is n't accepted as a genocide ? 
  10 million people died . 
   it was not a genocide . 
  a genocide is the killing people with the intention of removing their ethnicity from a certain area . 
   they were n't killed because they were congolese that sounds exactly like turkish denialists . 
  armenians living in the west were untouched but ours is still called a genocide . 
  yours sounds like a genocide to me too , in that sense . 
  never hurts to repeat it every once in a while to keep people happy . 
  i know how people go `` turkey is not european '' in any thread about turkey , but bravo to you sir for starting this discussion in a thread like this . 
  but i do n't think we are european too , to be honest . 
  our plot seems to be proceeding well . 
  soon , everyone will embrace kebab !, 
  ca n't believe you got downvoted for this joke lol, 
   fucking minarets [ hehehe ] ( https://i.imgur.com/p0x669g.jpg ) that kid drawing space rockets sounds really cute btw . 
  why would they fear us ? 
  why would we attack our allies ? 
   does this mean that you do n't care about people suffering anywhere else than your immediate vicinity ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  it only means that news outlets will present news that are of interest to their average reader . 
  so , the news showing turkey in a bad light holds more interest to an average western reader ? 
  because it 's not like turkey never makes headlines in western media , unless they did something bad . 
  we all heard all about how evil turkey is barring refugees from entering their lands , but what about this news article ?
