  this kind of mentality led american invasion of iraq and all that shitstorm that came after it . 
  leave everything to the west of greece as it is . 
  we are sick of dealing with refugees usa creates or coups they sponsor . 
  you can fuck up greece and cyprus i guess . 
  that us supported coup gave us one nice casus belli to invade cyprus lol, 
  banks make money , refugees drain money . 
  enough said . 
  merkel ca n't appeal to emotions forever . 
  you ca n't have emotions when you are running a country . 
  i 'd say yes and be done with it . 
  that 's where england is headed . 
  i do n't think all germans want what merkel wants , so they might not agree with everything that she says . 
  but maybe i 'm the crazy one here . 
  all i 'll say is i wish we successfully conquered venice . 
  that would be a much more favorable outcome for us . 
  cruising around with fucking gondolas would be sweet . 
  ca n't a fella commit a few old-fashioned genocides here and there and act like it did n't happen without getting called satan ? 
  european history must be boring . 
  no again . 
  he was n't even christian . 
  i was expecting a response like this but i was n't expecting a turkish flaired guy to take my comment that seriously . 
  1453 still best day of my life . 
  we would n't if we knew that would only push you guys to try harder for those sweet sweet trade routes . 
  ottomans started their fall after the age of exploration and all the advancements that came with it . 
  well , we fought an war of independence against ottomans too . 
  then we executed ottoman loyalists and pro-caliphate people . 
  they probably emphasized on it more in the textbook of your highschool years . 
  `` moha\u00e7 '' rings a few bells but i dunno . 
  this cliche trio sure did rule the themes of our history lessons for years . 
  trade , my friend , trade . 
   i do n't see how race comes into this . 
  that 's because you lack perspective . 
  also , without the ottoman threat europeans would n't be this fast and successful with exploration and colonization of other continents . 
  more favorable for your race maybe . 
  well i definitely do n't remember it and i was raised in turkey . 
  we had so many battles . 
  every turk knows the important battles like malazgirt but i doubt everyone would know this . 
  if you were a muslim in an christian conquered city , you were n't even second-class citizen . 
  you just died . 
  simply paying a special tax and still having right to rise high in government is still a good deal compared to that . 
  i wish we actually took exploration but on the other hand i would n't want to get blamed for genociding africans and american natives too . 
  we also took the `` disbanding janissaries '' decision way too late . 
  who knew those warrior slaves we got through dev\u015firme would actually become the most powerful faction in the nation ? 
  fucking `` janissary decadence '' disaster was the end of us . 
  even peasants ' war would n't be this bad . 
  at least they would n't remove and install emperors on their own . 
  we will fight against those who harm us no matter how vile their other enemies might be . 
  we are n't just going to stand back and take it just because they happen to be westerners ' new favorite group in middle east . 
  if jesus come back on earth and killed our civilians we would fight him too . 
  god i always keep forgetting those glorious days of blood and rape . 
  thanks for reminding . 
  i wish we were considered `` western '' so it would fall into an another list of obscure genocides in human history . 
  when europe surpassed ottomans in warfare technology and other areas of science , it was ottomans ' time to go `` oh fuck '' renaissance worst day of my life . 
  nope . 
  1526 best day of my life, 
  it 's the first time i hear about this battle of mohawks or whatever it is . 
  we were doing what every other empire in the world at that moment was doing but we get singled out for all medieval nations ' loot , rape and heroin parties . 
  turkey bombs pkk , not kurds . 
  woosh indeed . 
  it stopped being appealing years ago . 
  turkey fights pkk , not kurds . 
  majority of kurds in turkey do n't support pkk . 
  and it 's not pkk that 's the primary kurdish force fighting isis . 
  but of course everything in the middle east is either kurds or muslims , so yeah . 
  anyone who groups all kurds as one faction is an ignorant westerner ( or an ultra-nationalist turk ) . 
  these people are not angels incapable of having conflicting ideas and ambitions ( or demons incapable of anything good ) . 
  image of muslims in the european point of view is so distorted from the actual ones . 
  i mean if you guys are really gon na talk about these mysterious human beings called muslims being able to enjoy music and generally acting like normal humans like it 's not common knowledge says enough to me lol . 
  we also enjoy eating , fucking , drinking , beheadi - oh shit they told me i 'm not supposed to say that last one now i 'm fucked !, 
  what ? 
  all turkish-flaired users here are directly responsible for anything turkish government does and so they deserve everything they get . 
  having opinions that are opposite of this are not allowed on this website . 
   we are also leading in taking refugees by far . 
  nope . 
  first is turkey and second is lebanon . 
  there is a big difference from turkey 's 2m to germany 's 110k and plenty other countries in the ranking in between i 'm sure . 
  turkey , the country which everyone got mad at for not allowing refugees from kobane months ago lol . 
  akp did mild election fraud in the last election . 
  i 'm sure that they will double it this time . 
  that 's nothing . 
  yes . 
  i ca n't wait to grow old and tut at youngsters doing youngster things . 
  after lack of support from soviets ( and fall of ussr ) they adopted more pro-western ideals and started to look to the west for support ( which worked out for them quite well ) . 
  marxist-leninism is n't really a thing anymore . 
  us would n't have supported erdo\u011fan after the coup if they really wanted a secular turkey . 
  they just want an easily-controllable turkey that 's all . 
  islamists are easier to control , because corrupt and greedy pricks tend to be easier to control which is what islamists are . 
  well , yes . 
  when you learn which user is likely to parrot which propaganda you can get a good sense of things . 
  at least you can get a sense of what kind of a mentality both sides hold . 
  people seem to take things for granted in reddit but when you see through that stuff or at least be suspicious about what you read , then that 's when you are one step ahead . 
  i 've seen turkish flaired posters saying really weird shit also . 
  it never hurts to be skeptic about what you read . 
  this goes for the groups you deem to be `` good guys '' and `` evil guys '' both . 
  life is never black and white . 
  you can find a source for whatever bullshit you can make of at this age . 
  learn the sources , learn the posters , then i guess it 's not bad enough . 
  just do n't let things that confirms your bias get to you . 
  in all groups , in all countries , live people who just want good things to happen in life . 
   but i do n't see how any of that makes it more credible that the pkk is the bigger threat to turkey .
