  are you trying to troll turks by associating them with arabs or something ? 
   you have a large vocabulary of arabic words in your language we also have many french loanwords . 
  but i ca n't understand french or arabic both . 
  still , i understand more french because i can make some sense with the words written in latin script . 
   you practice an arab religion religion plays a bigger part of culture in middle east but not that much in turkey . 
  if you are christian , you practice a vatican ( or italian ? ), 
  religion . 
  does that make you more similar to them ? 
   your president 's wife is arab oh , that makes us brothers than . 
  let 's form an alliance . 
  are we playing crusader kings 2 or something ? 
   arabs have been a full citizen in the ottoman millet-system , etc. 
  so what ? 
  they back-stabbed us and allied with the british and french while we were getting invaded . 
  every turk here is saying that they do n't really like arabs while you are trying to make us accept something about us . 
  do you know how weird that sounds ? 
  we also ruled over balkans . 
  now go tell a serbian about his brotherhood between turks . 
  call an ambulance before though . 
   so some people can go back already ? 
  nobody wants this more than us . 
   turks refuse to acknowledge the brotherhood between turks and arabs . 
  yes , arabs backstabbing us at every opportunity in history made us really love them . 
  i do n't think greeks really take it seriously . 
  they seem to make fun of it like we do . 
  that is , if you are n't deciding on what greeks think by youtube comments . 
  you are worst turk gib constantinople and cyprus maybe we can lock their golden dawners and our bozkurts in the same room and let them fight it out :3, 
  we do n't hate those smelly deadbeat greeks who ca n't embrace kebab . 
  we love 'em !, 
  at worst we want some greek islands and they want constantinople but what 's a city or two between friends ? 
  maybe we 'll do them a favor and buy an island . 
  does n't change the fact that most of them are hypocritical . 
   you know , like most of us do n't consider apk and erdogan to be representative for the entire population of turkey . 
  lots of people i have seen here and / r/worldnews seem to do exactly this , on the basis that we voted akp in . 
  we are also held responsible for isis and armenian genocide sometimes too . 
   maybe you should not accept the sensationalist titles from some of europe 's tabloids as being a definitive statement from the entire continent ? 
  those news have been made threads here and i have seen many people speaking against those refugees in boats in the mediterranean but complaining about turkey not accepting enough refugees . 
  seems hypocritical to me . 
  why did their country let them out in the first place ? 
  are the collaborating with isis ? 
  or simply most people do n't have `` terrorist '' written on their foreheads ? 
  everybody talks about turkey allowing jihadists to fly into their country but why europe and usa lets them out ? 
  kebab stronk and relevant !, 
  actually , yes . 
  i like greeks better than arabs . 
  some rum already live here anyway . 
  i love their greek accent when they speak turkish . 
  at worst they 'll just laze around and not pay their credit card debts and stuff . 
  then they 'll take loans and not pay it back . 
  and then we will conquer their neighbors and enlist them into our army or something . 
  better than living with people who think things like beheading and stoning gays is okay . 
   yes , you can argue like that but i think people are this way . 
  germany is well known for accepting all kinds of ethnic groups but not when there are such masses . 
  there will be problems to integrate these people in our society . 
  so * we * should accept them in masses instead ? 
  downvoted . 
  lol the guy is claiming accepting refugees in masses will pose problems but he is certainly okay with us accepting them in masses and does n't think it will damage us in a way . 
  hypocritical . 
  people are already marching against syrian refugees and i see news about a syrian attacking someone or stealing something commonly . 
  i see syrian beggars every day on the street ( i live in \u0130stanbul ) . 
  i dunno why you assume all refugees live in camps . 
  do you know how hard it is to build refugee camps for 2 millions of people ? 
   russian  ukrainian hell fucking yes . 
  i see western media complaining that turkey does n't accept refugees . 
  then i see them complaining about refugee ships on the mediterranean headed towards them . 
  it seems to me like everyone is a humanist only until they get the shitty end of the stick . 
  i think we should have selectively taken in only educated people like some countries in europe rather than taking everyone in equally . 
  best day of my life, 
  what happened to all those `` evil turkey does n't allow refugees in ( ` cept for 2 millions of refugees ) '' stuff ? 
  oh , there is also the 200,000 kurds that we accepted but let 's not focus on that since we seem to want total destruction of kurds . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.independent.ie/world-news/middle-east/panic-and-chaos-in-turkey-as-200000-refugees-flee-isil-terror-30607257.html ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/ankara-on-alert-as-200000-kurds-arrive.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=72013&amp;newscatid=352 ), 
  just because they are our neighbors does n't mean we are automatically similar . 
  syrians are n't easy to integrate into turkey . 
  there were several marches against syrian refugees and news about a syrian refugee attacking someone or stealing something is common now . 
  our religion is n't even similar . 
  they believe in a backwards version of islam . 
  all those european racists do n't want to live in the same land with those who think stoning gays is cool ? 
  well we do n't either . 
  akp are the ones that took 2 million in without a thought in the first place . 
  sucks to be them . 
  we 'll build a wall around \u0130stanbul and only venture out to salvage , hunt mutants , and collect bottle caps . 
  nuking the whole region would probably bring more fruitful results . 
  i wonder why . 
  yep . 
  hakan fidan even tried to join akp not long ago , remember ? 
  army is fucked . 
  erdo\u011fan has total control over the intelligence . 
  forget the `` guardians of secularism ( we are also authoritarian but let 's not focus on that ) '' kinda army . 
  it 's dead . 
  they 'll condemn it when us comdens sauidis too ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) we can get away with a lot . 
  gib central asia !, 
  and anatolia will be all yours to take, 
  they disagree about it being good practice . 
  they think it 's not `` true islam '' or whatever the hell tit is they would never disagree about following islam . 
  they argue good islam is all butterflies and shit , while anti-islamists tay things like `` that 's what what you are believing in ! '', 
  islam here is ... complicated . 
  it 's like the christians who just ignore the details about how to deal with gays . 
  oh , i misread your post . 
  yeah you are right about that . 
  if that happened , he would lose any support that 's left for him .
