  well but akp gets half the votes . 
  if it was n't for turks we could kick this fucker off . 
  turks ruined turkey i 'll say . 
  sane people are a minority here and people think democracy means who gets the most votes does whatever they want . 
  whenever votes drop akp does some crazy shit to increase them again . 
  erdo\u011fan would rather become the kingof ashes than to become normal citizen of turkey ( because we are totally suing his ass on corruption charges the second it happens ) . 
  and they basically control the media . 
  they can pump anything from there into the minds of akp idiots . 
  they did election fraud before and they 'll just increase it if things go south . 
  what else ? 
  oh stupid opposition like mhp keep playing into their hands . 
  there are plenty other reasons why akp has gotten impossible to get rid of . 
  this is how democracy works in a country that 's filled with idiots . 
  idiots choose who should rule the country . 
  democracy in an uneducated country always reverts back to authoritarianism . 
  most people use dns to bypass blocks nowadays . 
  or modify the hosts file . 
  it 's less than a 30 second process to change your dns to 8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4 and access site you want really . 
  he probably could n't have won if akp did n't control the media . 
  i mean elections are n't fair but it 's not elections-are-rigged kinda unfair . 
  yeah erdo\u011fan basically pulled a bush and it worked . 
  yeah you guys are n't getting rid of us that easily . 
  to be honest i do n't think that turn will happen democratically or without bloodshed . 
  hahahaha . 
  that chance got fucked long time ago . 
  we are going downhill baby . 
  let 's try . 
  now someone has to mention how turkey can never join eu and armenian , kurdish , assyrian , greek , or eskimo genocide . 
  then we are all set motherfuckers . 
  edit : [ oh missed it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3soxpk/reddit_just_got_blocked_in_turkey/cwzbzdl ) edit 2 : the deleted comment pulled a `` kebeb cant into yurop '' btw . 
  did n't even realize it since i changed my dns options a few years ago lol . 
  i do n't know why they even bother since it 's a 30-second process to evade blocks . 
  i mean the irony of a turkish-flaired guy posting this as news on a site they blocked in turkey should be enough to them lol . 
  they are christians now though . 
  i wish we just went orthodox ourselves . 
  would have saved us a lot of trouble lol . 
  turkish food is serious business, 
  ^ ^ kebab ^ ^ still ^ ^ relevant ^ ^ and ^ ^ stronk ^ ^ ( \u2565 _ \u2565 ), 
  it 's kinda pitiful to be proud of this to be honest . 
  totally agreed bro . 
  a lot of turks are starting to think this way . 
  a decade ago joining eu was all the rage . 
  things were changing to fit eu standards , people were optimistic . 
  then the process dragged on , eu member leaders started saying things like how turks have no place in eu , etc. 
  then people became all `` oh they hate us they want our destruction '' paranoid and with this inferiority complex , they turned to the party which gave them a superiority complex , akp . 
  the party that 's as glorious as ottoman empire , stands up to pompous eu , shits rainbows and butterflies . 
  because every other country wants us dead and we need a strong leader to lead ( kinda like how hitler came to power ) . 
  now people could n't care less about joining or changing things to fit eu . 
  people became anti-west for all the wrong reasons but still , look at the treatment greece is getting . 
  if that 's how they treat a valuable and strategic country then how will they treat us , a nation that they do n't even like ? 
  to be honest it 's getting insulting how eu dangles the ascension process in front of our face like it 's a carrot on a stick . 
  in almost every thread about turkey here , there is one prick who says `` oh turkey ca n't join eu then '' well fuck off and take your eu with you bro . 
  feels like we are beggar on the street getting kicked by bypassers . 
  we stopped begging for membership long ago . 
  i mean we probably have a higher chance at joining usa as a state . 
  or joining a galactic federation formed by aliens or something . 
  trying to do the impossible is counter-efficent . 
  if we had a secular leadership , we could really do good things in a muslim union of sorts . 
  no it 's not erdo\u011fan . 
  even if turkey surpassed eu in terms of democracy , human rights , liberty , etc turkey still could n't join eu . 
  those reasons have nothing to do with this tyrant really . 
  lehistan ai n't that bad bulgaria , now that 's a different story . 
  damn , missed it . 
  i 'm sorry dude we are gon na need that cake back . 
  rules say  disallowed comments  agenda pushing - this is n't an outlet for propaganda but that one is written with strikethrough , ~ ~ like this ~ ~ because it '' ( needs clarification ) '' so mods do n't want this sub to turn into / r/worldnews , / r/syriancivilwar , etc but it must be difficult to actually write rules for that which will be clearly defined and wo n't come across like arbitrarily set . 
  so that rule is shelved for now i think . 
   i am very glad to be in even more than one position to make them pay for that crime . 
  oookay , this is getting cheesy and weird so i 'll just stop here . 
  the only thing that sentence lacks is an evil laughter at the end . 
  so , good luck killing james bond or whatever . 
  we 'd give you a trophy for being the first person in this thread to bring up armenians but we ran out of trophies to give , so , [ have a cake ] ( http://www.sugarsbakedgoods.com/uploads/1/3/2/6/13266792/s916503314920087743_p3_i1_w768.jpeg ) . 
  that 's his life . 
   i make a humble contribution to help turkey live in a stone age economy that suits the stone age mindset and ideology of mr. erdogan and the akp . 
  and i make this humble contribution not on reddit , but in professional and political life . 
   and i make this humble contribution not on reddit , but in professional and political life . 
  i 'd say get a fucking life but i guess obsessing over turkey is your life lol . 
  good luck with that bro . 
  i hope you can succeed in making turkey a hell for us because i 'm honestly curious about how worse things can get . 
  using media agencies that have links with pkk as sources ? 
  not quite unbiased and trustworthy buddy . 
  that 's like a turk pulling an article from sabah or something . 
  you would call it propaganda if we did that . 
  but it 's the undeniable truth if you do it . 
  just ignore this guy really . 
  nope . 
  if it was anyone else than 2a1za i would think it was sarcasm too though . 
  he is an incredibly obsessed person . 
  used to post at / r/turkeysubredditwatch / . 
  there is also a dude there called / u/helpasaddoge who uses a turkish flair and says weird shit in some subs essentially as false flag operations so people will think turks are monstrous or whatever . 
  he is n't turkish though . 
  just doing it to give us a bad name . 
  there are lots of propagandists like these around and people just eat them up . 
  even when i give evidence i get downvoted to hell so i 'm not gon na waste my time digging through months old comments . 
  i do n't need to see your nickname to know it 's you . 
  your comments make it obvious lol . 
  we miss you at / r/turkey so much btw . 
  when a news article says that a country is bombing their own city by ** firing mortars from helicopters ** ( superior turkish military tech at work here , inspired by cartoon physics ) you tend to wonder why there are n't any other media sources seconding this . 
  if it is true , i have to applaud the islamo-fascistic genocidial totalitarian state of turkey . 
  i mean you are literally dropping bombs on your cities but you are so subtle and smooth about it that the word does n't get out . 
  i knew about stealth bombers but i did n't know it applied to the bombs they are using too .
