  i think it 's a case of butthurt at the result of being denied by eu master race . 
  i remember some negative remarks from europe back in the day , like from sarkozy . 
  turks believe europeans think of turks as barbarians who has no place in europe , so people started to dislike europe as time went by . 
  combined with butthurt , the mindset changed from a push to being europeanized to `` huh , we do n't like you and your cool kids club either ! '', 
  that 's not harsh . 
  that 's how a very big majority of turks feel . 
  i read a poll where only 17 % of the population believe in the ascension process in 2012 . so-called eu ascension process became something of a joke over here , but even that joke got old . 
  eu is simply irrelevant nowadays . 
  in europe people seem to think turkey still has a chance which i find weird . 
  in general , turks distrust pretty much every country , but the west probably tops it . 
  i think people feel cheated or something . 
  i think turkey has no place in eu either . 
  edit : fixed a typo . 
  17 % of the population believe in ascension . 
  83 % does n't consider it realistic . 
  i do n't have time atm but google `` our boys in ankara have done it '' maybe someone else turkish will reply soon it aint a conspiracy theory . 
  its kinda common knowledge over here, 
  well , eu is not an option and never will be , even if we get rid of erdo\u011fan . 
  i think turkey will try to juggle every relationship as far as possible . 
  if turkey wants to join an organization even something like shanghai cooperation organisation ( which russia and china is in ) is a more realistic goal than eu . 
  it sucks , but that 's what we got, 
  there are no independent and vocal generals left . 
  akp replaced them all . 
  there is nothing that can topple him internally at the moment . 
  his only real enemy is fethullah and his cult , which is simply another power-hungry islamist very much like erdo\u011fan . 
  they were allies years back but you know what happens when power-hungry leaders ally . 
   what the hell is he thinking ? 
  he is thinking about the elections in june . 
  anti-west rhetoric and `` turkey stronk !, 
  talks are because of that . 
  he might be thinking europe and us are `` plotting '' against him . 
  well , it was us that installed him so i dunno what 's going on in between . 
  us harboring erdo\u011fan 's arch-enemy fethullah caused a divide or something i guess . 
  funny thing we have a word for it . 
  comes with exposure to subs like / r/worldnews and / r/syriancivilwar . 
  half of the stuff said about turks in the latter are just blatant lies . 
  if you correct them then you are the `` brainwashed turk doing bullshit propaganda '' . 
  if you correct them with sources you are just ignored and downvoted lol . 
  they also have a weird sense of morality . 
  after a while you just laugh that stuff off . 
  we are n't angels ourselves anyway . 
  we 'll give you guys some land and let pkk deal with it . 
  or maybe we 'll give it to kurds so you 'll have two countries to get the genocide recognized in to get land from reparations lol . 
  inb4 `` turkey cant into eu '', 
   it is actually funny for a turk to make that claim against greeks , since my grandfather fought against a nazi ally in italy on the albanian front and all my relatives lived through nazi occupation bravo to you bro . 
  i 'm pretty sure you are a badass and the most racially tolerable guy in the world by genetic proxy . 
  `` all turks are ultra-nationalists '' do you know how hypocritically racist that sounds like ? 
  most greeks i met are really cool guys . 
  but something is wrong with american-greeks . 
  lol he is greek-american . 
  diasporas in usa which has roots in nations that have been historically enemies with turkey are always like that . 
  more nationalistic the person is , more anti-turkish they are . 
  they think all turks are racists and turkey is still being governed by a kemalist party or something . 
  they live in the past . 
  the have almost no connection to their roots except for this obsession with historical rivalries . 
  we are a society that thinks it 's inching towards a 1984 dystopia while running towards a brave new world dystopia . 
  `` fuck erdo\u011fan '' or `` fuck atat\u00fcrk '' depending on the guy you are talking to . 
  typical sensationalist titles . 
  but even that sounds funny . 
  he is gon na fuck up economics soon . 
  that 's the only thing that can get him out of office now . 
  we are inching towards an economical crisis . 
  media is under control of akp . 
  the average akp voter does n't exactly stroll through websites like reddit , guardian , and so on . 
  at most they visit facebook . 
   turkey 's state-run media , he complained last week , `` has aired 553 minutes of erdogan 's speeches , compared to three minutes for me '' . 
  [ this quote is from erdo\u011fan 's rival in the presidential elections ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a3f416ca-0c03-11e4-a096-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3v2l7zojz ) election fraud . 
  [ at every election weird stuff happens . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qjavy/hamas_we_will_liberate_palestine_jerusalem/cn73mpt ) buying votes , electricity blackouts during the election , and so on . 
  lack of centre-right religious parties . 
  all the conservative religious votes are united under the banner of akp . 
  i check polls from time to time , and i noticed something interesting . 
  so , the poll asks questions along the lines of `` erdo\u011fan did this and do you agree with him ? '', 
  several times let 's say 20-30 % says yes in all of them . 
  then the final question comes `` which party you will vote for ? '', 
  that 's when you get at least 40 % . 
  so it seems like people vote for akp because there is n't any other options . 
  bad opposition parties . 
  the left is divided into tens of different parties that are fighting amongst each other and multiplying for everything . 
  even the main opposition party ( chp ) is always in an infighting state . 
  just a few months ago two mp broke off from chp to form their own parties . 
  the way he talks in rallies . 
  abuse of religious and nationalistic feelings . 
  hitler would drop to his knees in awe if he saw him . 
  there are more but those are the main things that keeps akp in power . 
  hey folks , do you know how to accurately guess if someone supports akp ? 
  you look at whether they call it akp or ak parti . 
  i would laugh more if i was n't living in the country he rules . 
  yeah , that 's the way it is with game companies nowadays . 
  i remember the days when i actually liked electronic arts not only for their games , but the way they are . 
  challenge everything . 
  nowadays i only play paradox games , a few roguelikes , and some old games . 
  if you want an educated view , you are in the wrong place . 
  i ca n't be bothered to write a wall of text , but the short version is : turkey 's official stance says that it definitely did happen , but there was n't any intent of systematic ethnic cleansing . 
  that cunt enver pasha fucked it up and blamed it on a whole race of armenians . 
  most of the murders were committed by turkish and kurdish civilians fueled by revenge after seeing their villages in ruins . 
  most men were away fighting , so it was n't difficult to take care of the turkish and kurdish villages quickly with the factor of surprise . 
  the situation devolved into a civil war until the ottoman empire could pull some soldiers from war to intervene . 
  it went from dealing with russia-backed armenian rebels to anyone who is considered an armenian very quickly . 
  ottoman empire wanted to get rid of this incident as soon as possible and focus on war again .
