  it 's also eu 's responsibility to share the bear of border eu countries . 
  nobody can top japan though . 
  only 20 % of refugees in turkey live in camps . 
  i wish we had more ourselves . 
  we have higher chances with joining usa as a state lol . 
  i 'm not a racist . 
  do you pay attention to the stuff that has been said about muslims and refugees on this sub ? 
  one has to be blind to not see a rise in racism and anti-islamism in europe . 
  come on even you do n't believe that . 
  look around . 
  most europeans are n't comfortable around muslims and anti-islamism is n't something extraordinary or `` racist '' anymore . 
  i doubt anyone would give a shit if every muslim on earth died suddenly . 
  they just hide these thoughts because it 's still not `` politically correct '' but that will change in the future as european ideals evolve . 
  it 's representative of what people are afraid to say out in the open because political correctness and muh racism . 
  usa is also a more tolerant society . 
   we are a very religious country and many of us believe in eye for an eye . 
  what about turning the other cheek ? 
  its not turkey being on the high horse . 
  it 's me as an individual being on the high horse . 
  and i can climb on any horse i want . 
  cut out the whataboutism . 
  and hey , all the americans who responded to me said that they can just execute whomever they want . 
  none of them said something like `` yeah it sucks '' . 
  yet in your example it 's turkey who corrected themselves . 
  not like it matters anyway . 
  we do n't claim to be a role model country for western values and then hang people . 
  edit : saw your edit late . 
  i ca n't just grasp how this many people from a `` western '' country can support death penalty . 
  you can rely on our country to be shitty but it 's usa , the main exporter of democracy , freedom and human rights around the world . 
  usa sure loves trying to dictate how others run their countries though . 
  what you said reminds me of the policies of nazi germany . 
  about the weak being a burden and all . 
  but you can have a say in how other run their countries ? 
  [ such a hypocrite ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/covert_united_states_foreign_regime_change_actions ) you 'll notice my country in the list . 
  i was n't going to get myself involved in this discussion again , [ buuut ... ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/04/28/innocent-death-penalty-study_n_5228854.html ) i think some criminals just get what is coming to them , but this is the biggest reason why i ca n't support death penalty in good conscience . 
  yet it does n't seem like a big deal for americans . 
   foreigners have no right to lecture us on justice , good and bad , order and chaos . 
  these are terms for americans and americans alone to interpret , for domestic matters . 
  man , you expect countries like north korea or russia to say things like this . 
  you are the poster child of capital punishment because you are supposed to be a shining beacon for human rights , freedom , liberty , and all that cool stuff . 
  that 's how usa markets itself . 
  you are a member of this group called `` the west '' . 
  you are the world police . 
  china ? 
  they are fucked up anyway . 
  we have low expectations of them . 
  i 'm torn about capital punishment myself though . 
  [ usa 's reaction ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/500/605/c7f.png ) edit : whoa , look at the reaction here . 
  ` muricans are really proud of their electric chairs and their guns . 
  sorry folks . 
  forget i said anything . 
  what you are saying is like saying nazis still have a say in german government . 
  and grey wolves are mhp supporters , not akp . 
  grey wolves are n't even active nowadays . 
  nowadays any nationalist proclaims himself as a grey wolf but that does n't mean anything . 
  in 1997 we had another government . 
  it does n't matter what happened two decades ago . 
  turkey giving independence to kurdistan is a very unrealistic scenario anyway . 
  we invested too much blood in that region . 
  hundreds of people dead . 
  any party that gives independence will be committing a political suicide . 
  if decades of war against pkk leads to a defeat , nationalists would never forget that . 
  turkey would be better off without southeastern turkey but we still hold on to it because of this stupid nationalist outlook towards land integrity . 
  it 's like a man rejecting the amputation of his arm which is going to kill him eventually . 
  because the day turkey gives independence to kurdistan will be the day a very bloody ethnic conflict will begin . 
  nationalist kurds and nationalist turks will kill each other in the streets . 
  to avoid it , we must move turks out of southeast and kurds into southeast . 
  of course it wo n't be easy to know who is kurdish or not . 
  so that 's a problem i guess . 
  and some people would never leave their lives to go live in a shithole . 
  no way . 
  nobody is gon na boo a minute of silence for 100 dead people no matter who they were . 
  that 's far too much . 
  if kurdistan became independent fully from their countries , they 'll have very angry 3 neighbors ( turkey , iraq , syria . 
  i 'm excluding iran because that would never happen ) . 
  us needs to help them like how they help israel . 
  since kurdistan happens to cover 3 countries , kurds in each country developed their own culture . 
  this will pose some problems . 
  i doubt pkk will get along well with other regions . 
  also it 's going to be difficult to go from a terrorist organization to a government . 
  also , kurds follow a tribalistic lifestyle . 
  powerful tribes may want a piece of the cake too . 
  i think they can manage democracy , but not european-level democracy . 
  religion-wise , kurds are more religious than turks so i guess that means they 'll have more religious parties compared to us . 
  but since they are more varied in terms of number of beliefs that means there has to be tolerance . 
  communists are too few to create an influence . 
  a capitalist government like krg 's seem more likely . 
  this means a nice puppet for us . 
  a population exchange will take place . 
  kurds living in western turkey give no fuck about kurdistan so it will be a bit cruel to send them to kurdistan at gun-point but there is nothing else we can do . 
  some military incidents may happen with neighbors , like incidents going on between azerbaijan and armenia . 
  getting rid of the leech that is southeastern anatolia would be pretty sweet actually . 
  that region costs too much to keep both in human lives and money . 
  to be honest i do n't think kurdistan could manage to do fine on their own though . 
  i hope they wo n't elect a bastard like erdo\u011fan though . 
  akp managed to get the crushing majority of kurdish votes for years until hdp became a thing . 
  and lastly , we all know what it is . 
  i should n't even have to say it . 
  yep , you guessed it ... kurdistan will into eu earlier than turkey . 
  [ actually , i wrote something about this long time ago .
