  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/28jb2h/your_thoughts_on_turkey/cibkzrz ) you can check the other comments too . 
   a minute of silence was held in response to the attack . 
  the turkish part of the audience booed it off . 
  they booed their own minute of silence ? 
  nationalists all around the world are fucking bonkers and hypocrites . 
  if we said foreign powers were promoting turk/kurd divide we would be the crazy nationalists . 
  you said ,  pretencious white people that claim they believe in buddhism because it 's cool and i said `` some atheists are like that too '' meaning i meant to say some atheists are atheists because it 's cool . 
  i did n't say there are atheists who pretend to be atheists . 
  it just makes them feel special , smart , and rebel-like . 
  majority of kurds in turkey are muslim and usually more religious and conservative than turks . 
   april 1997, 
  zazas are just mountain kurds . 
  i 'm an atheist too bro . 
  and there really are atheists like that . 
  they tend to be edgy and touchy . 
  some atheists are like that too . 
  comes with the `` all kurds are alike '' mentality . 
  i know right . 
  they make it so difficult for everyone . 
  every nation and group should just adopt one ideology so we know who to arm and who to bomb in middle east . 
  that does n't seem likely . 
  there are no morals or emotions when leading a country . 
   more likely to be islamist kurdish group or iess likely to be a islamist & turkist group ... yeah , kurdish hezbullah is a possible suspect too . 
  it 's debatable , but it could mean your version and his version both . 
  the sentence can mean both . 
  the problem is that it 's overloaded , not blocked . 
  to be honest my mind also translated `` inaccessible in turkey '' to `` blocked in turkey '' . 
  that 's what we have gotten used to . 
  but yeah what you said is true . 
  yeah , more people die in car accidents in a year . 
  they are n't communists . 
  mostly , only educated kurds have communistic ideologies . 
  but an average kurd is n't communist . 
  at least that 's what i witnessed . 
  edit : oh , and pkk sympathizers tend to favor far-leftist ideologies too . 
  annually more people die in traffic accidents . 
  seriously , do n't let this ruin your psychology . 
  oh boy now you will have panic attacks whenever you are in a car right ? 
  forget i said anything . 
  they never helped with pkk , i doubt they 'll start now . 
  that is a very narrow look . 
  grey wolves lol . 
  grey wolves has become something like illuminati has n't it ? 
  [ check this poll out ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s4t4h8v.jpg ) `` should a state be secular ? '', 
  evet : yes hay\u0131r : no mhp is the main nationalist party and 90 % of their supporters said yes . 
  chp ( main opposition , mostly social democrats ) : 92 % , akp : 52 % , hdp ( kurdish party ) : 55 %, 
  akp is n't nationalist . 
  they are only nationalist during rallies . 
  hell , they are more pro-arabic than pro-turkic . 
  this peace process with kurds started when akp came to power . 
  fuck erdo\u011fan but at least oppression of kurds started to stop with akp . 
  come on it 's not that bad . 
   lol do you think the mit hq is somekind structure that is supposed to radiate security ? 
  but that 's how it works in city building simulation games . 
   why are they called ` kurds ' instead of separate names ? 
  he means kurds are not one homogeneous body . 
  they are capable of having different ideologies and beliefs . 
  one kurd may want democracy , the other may want sharia , the other may want communism , etc. 
  they are n't a hivemind like western media makes them out to be . 
  i can access it . 
  edit : nevermind . 
  twitter is shit again . 
  it took like 40 seconds for one page to open . 
  what kind of servers do these guys have ? 
  everyone is going crazy on twitter about the recent bombing so i guess it 's too overloaded . 
  kebab , wins !, 
  finally we can into eu when europe can into eurabia and then it 's child 's play to assume control of eu, 
  i know . 
  i was being harsh . 
  the fucker just got on my nerves . 
  the shitstorm started after map of the middle east was drawn by people who are not from middle east . 
  turkey does n't bomb kurds . 
  turkey bombs pkk . 
  an organization that does [ stuff like this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/3nz3q0/a_grenade_was_thrown_into_the_school_yard_by_pkk/ ) also we bust our asses trying to stop them from flooding the thracian borders . 
  but of course this is the response we can expect from ungrateful yurops . 
  should 've just drop this gatekeeper of eu act let all these millions of people fuck europe up . 
  idiots calling it an `` invasion '' because of mere hundreds of thousands when we have to deal with millions ... also , check a map and you 'll see the reason why all these people use turkey as a transit to smuggle themselves into eu and not , say , brazil or australia . 
  sooo ... why keep your hands in your pockets in a situation like this ? 
  to make sure `` i 'm falling must put hands in front of me to avoid head injury '' instinct does n't kick in and so nose can break harder or something ? 
  the guy taking pics around the end is definitely enjoying it lol . 
  turkey has no chance at joining and there is a million reasons for it . 
  turkey is too big and too populous . 
  this means a change to balance of power in the eu . 
  turkey is also a muslim country which is a bitter blow to our chances . 
  turkey is too politically unstable . 
  sure , eastern eu countries are n't very stable either but they are small enough for it to not pose a problem . 
  if turkey joins eu , that means eu will border the clusterfuck that is middle east and that 's when things get serious . 
  all the problems eastern eu countries have about not reaching eu criteria gets overlooked and waved away because these eastern eu countries are not muslim and not big . 
  they are also more relative to europeans . 
  we were europe 's arch-nemesis for centuries . 
  if turkey lost the war against westerners and was cut up into 4-5 different countries like how it happened in middle east then some of them could have joined eu , but not like this . 
  what eu should want to do is using the eu membership card like how one would use treats for a dog . 
  you do n't want to just give away all your treats to your dog just because he wants them , you just let him sniff it , want it , and then give only one when it does something you approve of . 
  this is why eu never closes the membership door to turkey completely and this is why erdo\u011fan never drops the membership application even though he knows turkey can never join eu with the current authoritative policies . 
  diplomacy . 
  i would n't be considering turkey for eu if i was eu neither . 
  turkey will never manage to join eu but trying to join has nice perks like copying positive western ideals ( human rights , secularism , etc ) so that 's fine i guess . 
  also diplomatic relations . 
   you mean this ? 
  / r/turkeysubredditwatch your buthurtness is just sad .
