  props to france for avoiding civilian casualties . 
  do n't touch my porn . 
  use this for that : / r/insulterdogan, 
  in erdo\u011fanistan , ban lifts you !, 
  yeah but even if everyone recognized is as a state just for article 5 , could france still do it considering it was france who first `` attacked '' is ? 
  smooth , bro . 
  it 's not a bad thing . 
  it 's just weird they do n't believe in some parts of bible but still call themselves christian . 
  it 's not effective at all . 
  everyone can evade it or knows someone who can help them . 
  it takes 10 seconds to change to google dns . 
  ban is lifted . 
  did n't france bomb isis first ? 
  can they invoke article 5 in a situation like this ? 
  people are angry at the `` it 's freedom fighting when terrorists kill in turkey but it 's terrorism when terrorists kill in france '' perspective of europe . 
  also paris known in turkey for harboring pkk terrorists . 
  we got bombed twice by isis with the same amount of casualties with paris so i 'm sure turkey will follow nato no matter what . 
  kebab cant into relevance . 
  ca n't believe this is getting upvoted . 
  wtf / r/europe ? 
  a couple of bombing turns you into this ? 
  we would have killed all the kurds in turkey with the same pace lol . 
  this is a good move . 
  people were already getting pissed at people never caring about the dead in other countries but dropping everything when it 's france . 
  hopefully this trend will continue . 
  this flag thing in youtube , reddit , etc is ridiculous . 
  if those websites will do things like this then they should do it for all countries , even completely unheard of african countries , which means you 'll see a new flag in those websites every other week . 
  #whitelivesmatter #feelsbadman, 
  that 's not going to happen with the west playing lego with middle east . 
  christianity kinda imploded in those ages . 
  if muslim threat was much bigger in that period it would n't have happened that strongly . 
  you need to hit rock bottom to realize that you have to change your lifestyle . 
   also , talk about a double standard in the global press . 
  paris attacks - global tragedy of humans . 
  ankara attack kills over 100 - none of the same outpouring . 
  most turks i talked to are really angry about it . 
  paris already has a low rep here for harboring pkk terrorists . 
  some even claim we should n't care about them since they did n't care about us . 
  kebab ca n't into relevance and self-esteem . 
  i say worse stuff in / r/turkey all the time and nothing bad happened to me . 
  erdo\u011fan can suck my huge and glorious - oh hey police officer is n't it unsafe to fly a helicopter at such low altitude ? 
  is that a bazooka you are aiming at my house ? 
  motherfu -, 
   i believe they hate the united states because of a series of lies and truths that are continually shoved at them by the authoritarian/dictatorial/totalitarian governments that run those societies . 
  so what ? 
  do n't you get lies told to you also ? 
  do n't you remember the bush era , read about vietnam war , iraq war , etc ? 
  every country does this . 
  [ i mean look at this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c2qgih.jpg ) in the end usa did invade iraq and this is n't a lie . 
   the united states has fought to defend muslim civilians in bosnia , kosovo , iraq , and libya . 
  nato is basically a pro-muslim civilian defense force . 
  you are delusional if you really believe that . 
  usa did n't go to iraq because they wanted to protect innocent little muslims . 
  [ look at this list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/covert_united_states_foreign_regime_change_actions ) . 
  you 'll see my country on it . 
  you absolutely have no idea about all the things us has done . 
  people in this part of the world ( and south america to some extent ) are tired of usa invading and staging coups whenever things do n't go their way . 
  people were tortured and killed in turkey and for what ? 
  to cleanse the country from commies ? 
  yeah i meant everyone in turkey . 
  do you know why middle easterners hate usa ? 
  because usa invaded iraq and meddled in middle east all the time . 
  to them , you are evil . 
  evil is just a point of view . 
  you ca n't pull an article 5 against a terrorist attack like this . 
  blocks happened before the paris attack . 
  even if it happened later , it would n't make any sense . 
   i assume its not just dns or everyone would just switch to google 8.8.8.8 this is exactly what everyone does . 
  well basically everyone knows several techniques ( dns changing , hosts file , vpn , proxies , etc ) for years already . 
  computer-illiterate grandpas got their grandsons to take care of things . 
  turkish families are close so everyone has some nerdy kid in the family who knows how to fix it . 
  pkk broke the ceasefire by killing 2 off-duty cops . 
  pkk was n't attacked out of nowhere . 
   or is everything awesome between kurds and turkey and pkk are just evil terrorists ? 
  exactly . 
  what does arming pkk have to do with erdo\u011fan censoring the media ? 
  pkk existed before him . 
  this is gon na bite us in the ass . 
  it 's really simple to bypass it . 
  i did n't even realize that reddit was banned because i set up my dns options years ago . 
  man , good old days . 
  it was simple . 
  be an unstable country with commies in them , let usa stage a coup and let them fuck things up . 
  now we have to fuck things up ourselves . 
  being productive as in finding ways to circumvent blocks ? 
  main opposition leader himself said recent events left turkey in an unhealthy state for the election . 
  situations like this are when hitler-like leaders shine . 
  dissed and left out man of non-europe . 
  well the last point is obvious . 
  this is how is propaganda works . 
  `` europeans hate you so go and bomb them '' . 
  muslims are all `` makes perfect sense '' and do crazy shit , then europeans really hate muslims . 
  muslims see this and do even crazier shit . 
  the idea behind terrorism is to alienate people . 
  we 'll reach a point where both sides want each other dead one day but not that soon like 2016 , i think . 
  man , turkey-israel alliance could have really turned things around for middle east . 
  you ca n't get a better ally than israel in a region like this . 
  now turkey has erdo and israel has bibi . 
  things are fucked . 
  i said the same thing in / r/turkey too .
