  seriously , what kind of a logic is that ? 
  it 's not like we flied your plane with a remote controller to that area so we can shoot it down with an airspace violation as a justification and arranged our grey wolves neo-nazi spawn of satan agent to be there at the right moment so he can cut off your pilot 's head and bring it to us . 
  also gon na need a source on that beheading part . 
  since we are turkish it sounds exactly like something we would do ( pretty surprised nobody tried to rape his body , we are improving it seems ) but just wanted to be sure . 
  not even gon na start with grey wolves . 
  that organization is basically illuminati at this point . 
   i wish you 'd just kiss and make up already from what i can see russians seem to cheer for war more than us . 
  the average turkish just do n't want things to escalate , and look at the top comment here . 
  world does n't need another war but folks with nationalistic boners do , so , tough break . 
  if those tourists can dish out the money we can even get them halal whores and halal dildos . 
  this is my outlook on arabic tourists . 
   ( perhaps kilicdaroglu from chp , but he does n't have the attitude imo to not get steamrolled by international relations with other countries ) tldr ; muh abi adamda liderlik vasf\u0131 yok people like you who do n't vote because `` there are n't any other alternative '' are fucking things up for everyone . 
  with the voting system in turkey you are pretty much giving half your vote to akp by not voting . 
  what kind of a party you even want ? 
  to be honest , even after secular turkey was founded atat\u00fcrk spent a lot of time putting down islamist kurdish rebellions trying to bring back sharia and caliphate . 
  it 's not like people just adopted secularism on day one . 
  and now islamists are n't oppressed anymore , this is the shit we have to deal with . 
  people are exaggerating how things are looking in turkey but still . 
  well people here buy the `` turks bomb kurds '' headlines too . 
  yeah akp does n't care about religion but hey , a bunch of people structuring their life and voting decisions based on an imaginary friend they believe in ? 
  i would be abusing the shit out of that if i was a politician too lol . 
  mandatory `` atat\u00fcrk turning in his grave '' comment . 
  edit : comment filtering was on `` new '' so i did n't see that top comment saying it earlier than me . 
  i do n't what part of my comment gave you that idea . 
  that organization is n't even active anymore except for the edgy kids claiming to be a part of it . 
  nowadays anybody who votes for mhp calls himself a gray wolf . 
  it does n't mean anything . 
   or people that live in the ` hood and just hang around the parks and drink beer and eat seeds . 
  hey we got that stereotype to some degree too . 
  sitting on the pavement or some stairs in the hood they live in , eating seeds and making remarks to the strangers passing by . 
  pretty much everyone eats seeds here though it 's more popular with that kind of people . 
  what 's the difference with the way they roast and salt ? 
  it does n't seem like there are different ways to do it . 
  wow people act like this happened a couple of years ago and ottomans still exist lol . 
  usually , to annoy . 
   i love the sunflower seeds you guys eat sunflower seeds too ? 
  it 's very popular in turkey . 
   slavs may hate each other , but they hate outsiders that hurt other slavs more . 
  yeah , ukrainians should know about that . 
   members of the terrorist turkish organization the grey wolves lol wut ? 
  what makes you say that ? 
  i do n't know why people expect us to be all `` ottoman stronk '' at this age in threads like this lol . 
  ottomans do n't exist anymore . 
  i 'm not saying pkk can be destroyed . 
  i 'm saying turkey does n't need an excuse to try to destroy pkk . 
  people act like we are committing crimes by attacking pkk . 
  older turkish women hang them at every spot . 
  we used to have a gigantic one in front of our tv . 
  countries are capable of doing good things and bad things . 
  that candidateship is only a tool to keep turkey in line . 
  turks do n't take it seriously and europeans should n't take it seriously either . 
  no way turkey will ever join eu . 
  akp will bomb pkk because we are at war against them for decades . 
  when a group kills and bombs in your country , you do n't need an excuse to bomb them . 
  you forgot armenian genocide . 
  we all know your real sources . 
  wow i literally just heard about that it 's outrageous that is n't so well known spread the word in every turkish related thread people, 
  no i was fucking around . 
  we are not fighting a war here . 
  this is just two dictators trying to slap each other with their dicks and act tough . 
  lighten up a little . 
  most turks on reddit hate erdo\u011fan . 
  why would pkk have a state in north iraq ? 
  pkk wants to conquer southeastern turkey . 
  turkish military used to keep records but they stopped doing it since aegean sea is a clusterfuck and nobody cares about airspace violations between turkey and greece in turkey . 
  it 's rarely reported but the most recent news about it i found is from [ 7 november . 
  it is n't reported in greece ? 
  color me surprised . 
  greece also invades our airspace . 
  do we shoot down greek planes ? 
  we love being dicks . 
  everyone loves it . 
  when a guy is behind a computer screen with an anonymous name his first reaction is to act like dick . 
  now flair up so i can shit on your nation a bit . 
  he looks like an asshole at all times . 
  what did i even say ? 
  where did i gloat over the pilot 's death ? 
  am i gloating over deaths because i post funny pics of erdo\u011fan ? 
  or did you saw one turkish guy saying stupid shit and you are treating all of us like that ? 
  man ... ca n't even post funny pics on reddit without getting called evil . 
  i should probably ditch this flair . 
  even when i 'm saying the most irrelevant thing people find ways to pin something on me . 
  how do you get someone to prove their sexuality anyway ? 
  man this is turning into a boyfriend & girlfriend fight . 
  erdo\u011fan said that putin is n't answering his calls . 
  this is n't sarcasm he really said that . 
  so what ? 
  there are kurds in isis too . 
  well i have been collecting bottle caps just for this occasion meself . 
  this is / r/europe . 
  everyone represents their flairs and everyone is personally responsible for their own nation 's history and government . 
  ^ ^ my ^ ^ genocidal ^ ^ turkish ^ ^ instincts ^ ^ are ^ ^ tingling !, 
  http://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/imagecache/mbdxxlarge/mritems/images/2012/6/27/2012627181351780734_20.jpg edit : lol why the downvotes ? 
  he is always like the right pic actually . 
  let 's ask the average european what he thinks about those cities . 
  hey , nice beaches and clubs . 
  looks like a nice place . 
  wait , what is that long and thin structure over there ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  is that call to prayer ?
