  oooh !, 
  good ol' crucifix !, 
  if you think it 's too old-fashioned we can always drop a bomb on a group and call it an accident or something . 
  except for a few aggressive people with an explosive personality we are doing okay . 
  man , i do n't remember ever feeling this bad for a countryball in a polandball comic . 
  of course it 's controversial . 
  it shows turks in a good light . 
  that 's the most controversial you can get . 
  people getting angry at a movie for not mentioning some stuff and claiming it 's an intentional omission lol . 
  how did they even manage to turn this film about an australian dad trying to find his sons dead or alive in turkey into a propaganda film against armenian genocide ? 
  we do n't drink , eat and shit thinking about armenian genocide all the time like some people so excuse us for not mentioning it in all of our historical films . 
  so you read youtube comments to judge nations ' opinions ? 
  his voterbase ca n't tell his mistake so it 's not a problem . 
   when are we getting repayment for the fall of byzantium ? 
  not anytime soon bro . 
  perfect summary of middle east . 
  dude , just do n't talk about pkk when you are in southeastern turkey . 
  mevlana was a pretty kickass guy . 
  `` come , whomever you are '' he said . 
  now it 's more like `` throw yourself off a ledge if you do n't think like us '', 
  wikipedia tends to be biased in any article about turks . 
  well , what 's important is what armenians say on the matter . 
  that 's what people will believe . 
  i doubt anyone will take comments from turkish-flaired dudes seriously . 
  that 's why i did n't talk about my opinion . 
   secular nationalism is a good thing right until you come across a religious minority that does n't easily fit into the your idea of what the nation should be . 
  yeah that 's pretty accurate . 
  there were widespread religious rebellions in turkey during its ' infant stage . 
  a lot of people did n't like atat\u00fcrk 's idea of abolishing caliphate . 
  i do n't know if they expected atat\u00fcrk to proclaim himself caliph instead . 
  main opposition against atat\u00fcrk right after turkey 's foundation has been religion-based . 
  there were rebellions to bring back caliphate ( and monarchy in some cases ) . 
  they all ended in slaughter . 
  [ sheikh said rebellion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sheikh_said_rebellion ) is among more well-known rebellions . 
  it was a kurdish rebellion to bring islamic caliphate and sharia back . 
  it 's still used as a point to criticize atat\u00fcrk , along with dersim rebellion ( that one was n't a religion-based rebellion ) . 
  some believe dersim counts as a genocide . 
  atat\u00fcrk 's mistake was trying to go democratic and secular too fast . 
  well we probably have a bigger shot at joining usa as a state rather than joining eu so that might just happen lol, 
  yeah , konya is something special . 
  well , i guess there is a reason why most armenians hate atat\u00fcrk . 
  i think you can find a lot about the issue by googling . 
  i just did and armenian-genocide . org says he was the `` consummator '' of armenian genocide . 
  however , it 's worth mentioning that when armenian genocide took place , atat\u00fcrk was a colonel fighting for the ottoman army . 
  there are more , like dersim massacre . 
  atat\u00fcrk was on his deathbed and died on same year when that happened so not everyone holds him fully responsible . 
  i heard turks in germany are pretty conservative but i did n't think they would be more radical than arabs . 
  true that . 
  europe is about face much worse . 
  people either love him as the demi-god of enlightenment or despise him as the genocider of several nations , so nope , you wo n't find a neutral book about him . 
   in konya that 's why . 
  more closer you get to eastern turkey , more conservative people become . 
  this is a reflection of the poisonous political rhetoric in turkey . 
  we have a saying `` if \u0130mam farts , flock shits '' . 
  the way erdo\u011fan talks , seeing threats everywhere , pointing fingers at everyone , using religion in every rally , it 's no wonder that one of the most pro-akp provinces of turkey will act the same . 
  we need saner politicians . 
  people used to say `` akp ca n't be behind this bombing , they do n't have anything to gain from it '' well i just realized one thing that may be beneficial to akp . 
  they have been trying to stoke nationalist emotions since the last election to grab votes . 
  it seems to be working . 
  that was a pretty positive portrayal compared to reality actually . 
  number of casualties in armenian genocide seems to increase every year . 
  i remember when it was a 6 figure number . 
  we are more like distant in-laws that you hate but have to keep cordial relations with . 
  well , you just proved my point . 
  i was expecting more . 
  yeah they use it for prostitution too . 
  basically a loophole and a nice way to get sex buddies . 
  it appears word of god is not loophole-proof . 
  integrating turkic muslims is like playing on easy mode . 
  you would act the same way if you suddenly found yourself in an alien and unwelcoming land . 
  imagine a nuke dropped on europe and millions of european refugees going to middle east . 
  would n't take long until some people started to despise and act against the sharia rule over there . 
  prohibition of alcohol would suck for me . 
  i might turn `` economic migrant '' and try to go for japan instead . 
  let 's not kid ourselves . 
  we hate refugees of alien origin . 
  they are n't going to feel welcome here . 
  if we went to middle east they would hate us there too . 
  it 's an inevitable outcome . 
   `` if we leave them on the margins of society , if we do not quickly give them the feeling that they are wanted in germany , then the danger is great that they turn to salafist and radical movements , '' then i guess they can be counted on to turn salafist on day one . 
  wow , lawyers ? 
  that sounds harsh . 
  i did n't know they actually punish people for this in europe . 
  here i just start downloading at night , go to sleep , and wake up to a dozen gbs downloaded lol . 
  i always thought they only go after the owners of torrent websites . 
   cease and desist letters i do n't get it . 
  do people in the west get those when torrenting or something ? 
  i downloaded hundreds of video games without trouble myself . 
   are n't you paranoid ? 
  second top voted comment said `` a man can dream . '', 
  and then you explained how it would be good for europe lol . 
   turkey has had many instances of a de facto civil war for the last few decades such as ? 
  this is going to be as successful as war against internet piracy . 
   why are you allowed to use an adblocker ? 
  what . 
  i think what europe needs to do is dispromoting all of europe among refugees . 
  he looks like a harsh commander . 
  i do n't understand how people ca n't see this . 
  it 's not the first time refugees are not flocking only to neighboring countries . 
  when a group of refugees reach a country , and find out that they have to live on streets , work like a slave for barely keeping themselves fed , etc , they tend to try to go further .
