  only 25 ? 
  i say give those lands and be done with it . 
  give pkk plagued lands while you are at it too . 
  let them deal with it lol . 
  kurdish problem and armenian genocide problem solved with one stone . 
  kurds living in there would probably think an invasion is coming or something . 
  i 'd rather see him die painfully ( gaddafi style ) rather than living off his swiss bank accounts . 
  and we think this the manliest sport ever . 
  we have a high `` dude that 's gay '' threshold . 
  and geographically too ... maybe . 
  ` murican is right this time . 
  no turk gives a fuck about eu nowadays . 
  that was a great movie . 
  not when a lot of people are serious about such things . 
  no we do n't . 
  a mayor likes it . 
  people should stop `` turkish government = turkish people '' fucking bullshit . 
   the only reason there are more azerbaijanis displaced than armenians , is because armenia made gains in the conflict and won the war . 
  had azerbaijan kept onto nagorno-karabakh , there would be 300,000 more armenian refugees ( escaping nkr ) and less than a 100,000 azerbaijani refugees ( the ones that left armenia proper ) . 
  some turks say the same thing about what went down after armenians rebelled . 
  we lost the balkans and [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims ) happened . 
  we held onto eastern turkey and genocide happened . 
  yet people only talk about the latter . 
  people just say what happened in the balkans was deserved because of ottoman expansionism . 
  there is no justification for any atrocity . 
  i think everyone should just stop doing it . 
  nobody can get away with a `` it was either us or them '' when majority of `` them '' happens to be innocent civilians . 
  unfortunately , only what turkish and armenian governments say matters . 
  if armenian government demands reparations , that 's how it will go down . 
  this is just a political tool for both countries . 
  yeah it 's pretty stupid of the government to react to stuff like this . 
  should have said that when practically every country in the west was supporting erdo\u011fan 's liberal and moderate islamist policies . 
  if we ever encounter a galactic alien race , their planet will get an eu membership before us . 
  i witnessed such circlejerks myself and it 's really weird . 
  i think there is a limited amount of time for a comment to be downvoted to hell or upvoted to nirvana . 
  afterwards , people represent their opinions depending on that . 
  people who disagree with it will be more vocal if it 's downvoted , and people who agree with it will be more vocal if it 's upvoted . 
  it 's not a simple matter of karma whoring , it 's the confidence that comes from upvotes and downvotes . 
  maybe . 
  there are other factors like editorialized titles , different time zones , etc. 
  sometimes i witness stuff that makes me stop coming here for weeks but i always end up here . 
  i know some turks who left because of similar reasons . 
  you just got ta stop giving a shit and have fun , which is not easy . 
  i never returned to / r/worldnews though . 
  isis is bad , i agree , but i do n't think it 's newsworthy whenever an isis member takes a shit or farts or something . 
  nobody flat out denies it . 
  it just shows you do n't know anything about this topic and parrot what you hear . 
  that 's very precise . 
  turks are really crazy about integrity of the land . 
  if you ask me , just give those lands in the east to pkk or armenia and be done with it . 
  nothing good came from there . 
  but tell this to nationalist folks . 
  no nationalist turk would give away one piece of rock away to anyone without dying for it first . 
  mindset of 20th century still . 
  i said i do n't give a shit about justifications from any side about any tragedy . 
  i 'm not here to argue about genocide . 
  you 'll see plenty of turks and armenians willing to do that . 
  hopefully one of them will hit this place up soon and stimulate some rational , calm and productive discussion , from completely unbiased points of view * sigh *, 
  both good and bad , i suppose . 
  most turks are just tired of being blamed for this , arguing about this and feel desensitized . 
  to be honest they do n't care about [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims ) either . 
  the attitude is pretty much `` meh , it was war '' for both the genocide and that `` persecution '' in balkans . 
  call it whataboutism , but most turks ( at least the people who follow and read about this stuff ) also feel western world 's selective sensitiveness towards atrocities of mankind is hypocritical . 
  yeah , i 'm one of them . 
  i accept the genocide but ca n't say i care much if i 'm being truly honest . 
  unfortunately genocide turned into a political stance , it 's not about historical facts anymore . 
  ca n't really take any of the sides seriously . 
  and most people who accept the genocide do n't really want to pay reparations , so they 'd rather have the government deny it . 
  at least that 's my observation . 
  i told that i accept the genocide in turkey sub but that i feel annoyed by constant nagging and butthurt , and i made top comment several times . 
  but you ca n't gauge turkish people with turks on reddit . 
  well , to be honest it gets so rarely discussed in turkey , i think people are simply neutral about it . 
  nationalists will simply make justifications for it like in any country , but it does n't come up much . 
  we mostly talk about kurds instead lol . 
  edit : before somebody says anything : if i was a denialist , i would gave a more through answer to [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/32bktg/pope_francis_calls_armenian_ww1_killings_genocide/cqa8emp ) . 
  i 'm not after any agenda , but i like reading discussions about it just to see how stupid it gets . 
  11 july 1995 best day of my life . 
  wikipedia is n't the best source regarding turkey and turkish people . 
  they ban people for doing it , so you 'll wait for a long time . 
   what 's modern turks ' opinion about enver pasha fucking idiot . 
  that 's my opinion . 
  some turks say the same thing about armenian genocide . 
  they rebelled , they were backed by russia , they deserved it , blabla . 
  i do n't care about the justifications any side gives for any tragedy . 
  it all sounds hypocritical . 
  whatever the state does , it 's always the civilians who suffer for it . 
  sole reason why turkish government does n't admit anything is because reparations . 
  no turk wants to give reparations for what ottoman empire did a century ago ( and i 'm not being defensive here or anything , just explaining the mindset ) . 
  this issue is n't a historical one , it 's completely political . 
  bring the hardest evidence you 'll find and we 'll still deny it . 
  tell us that the sky is blue and we would deny it too , if that means we would pay tax money for it . 
  it 's not out of spite or nationalism or anything . 
  for the people , it 's almost always because of nationalism though . 
  but you can bring the most anti-nationalist party and nothing would change . 
  ps : obligatory `` i accept armenian genocide '' so i wo n't get banned or anything . 
  ... thanks ? 
  agreed . 
  when a nation is polarized to a point where half of the population wants the other half dead , satire will solve nothing . 
  they say satire is a weapon . 
  no , it is n't .
