  there is also the whole revolution thing in iran . 
  you also got [ gems like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c2qgih.jpg ) pretty weird how much the western world complains about extreme islamism but keeps supporting and allying with islamists . 
  but of course , there are allies who have share your ideology and goals , and then there are tactically advantageous allies who proved themselves as good disposable tools . 
  yeah that dude is obsessed with turks . 
  he used to hang at this [ sub ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/turkeysubredditwatch/ ) with a couple more butthurt buddies . 
  i think he is an alt of another account . 
  man these diaspora folks are weird and have crazy ways of `` rediscovering their roots '' regardless of their ethnicity . 
  i 'm not shifting the blame . 
  no need to deny the truth . 
  in western media erdo\u011fan was always a moderate , progressive pro-us and pro-eu guy and most people had a positive opinion of him . 
  everyone completely ignored quotes like that i mentioned above . 
  did any european media source gave those outrageous sentences as news ? 
  it 's a bit hypocritical to say turks brought this on themselves while westerners were also supporting him in the first place . 
  if it was n't for the us-backed military coup we probably would n't have ended up with these islamist sons of bitches anyway . 
  we are to blame , but there were still a lot more factors to consider . 
   then you link a 50 page report in a language i ca n't read . 
  western media is very selective about what they report about turkey . 
  if you want the learn the truth you got ta learn the language . 
  that 's pretty normal by turkey 's standards lol . 
  it 's even milder than what hdp members say sometimes . 
  he used to be saner but his agenda ( islamism , authoritarianism , etc ) was clear . 
  akp was always about this . 
  hell , abdullah g\u00fcl who was one of the founding members said `` end of the republic ( as a way of governing in this context ) is over '' and `` we definitely want to change the secular system '' in 1995 . 
  they were always pricks but they were the puppets of the west so west turned a blind eye . 
  i do n't think they 'll redo it again . 
  people will be fed up and parties will be pressured into agreeing to form a coalition . 
  it seems like europeans care more about our ascension than us . 
  i ca n't remember the last time ascension process was a hot topic in our media . 
  to be honest i 'm looking forward to doing the daylight saving time thing more than the elections . 
  we decided to delay it for a week until elections are over . 
  the reason why i 'm not excited is because this election will pretty much have the same outcome with the last . 
  maybe 1 % or so higher for akp because of the disillusioned people . 
  [ this is the last election btw ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_general_election,_june_2015 ), 
  everyone in turkey agrees that the threshold is anti-democratic and must be abolished ... until they win the elections . 
  always relying on our western friends to change things in our country and then complain about those changes !, 
  we have a higher chance joining us as a state really lol . 
  turkey ca n't join eu even if we surpassed eu in terms of democracy , human rights , etc. 
  what . 
  akp got 40 % last election . 
  did n't get it . 
   other than that as much as i hate akp its kinda unfair to call them islamists . 
  even if they are , they didnt make any laws based on quran or islam when they easly could . 
  they do n't give a shit about islam . 
  they only abuse it to get more power . 
  in this parent comment : bunch of ignorant idiots who have a 1980 version of mhp in their minds . 
  grey wolves has become the new illuminati lol . 
  mhp leader said he will never form a coalition with akp unless corruption trials start for erdo\u011fan ( and some other akp members ) , which erdo\u011fan and co will never agree to unless they want to spend the rest of their lives in prison . 
   ( and if you observe your statement is true while not insulting ) exactly . 
   murder , rape , theft and usurpation of sovereignty you forgot the genocide part . 
  you do n't forget the genocide part when you are arguing with a turk . 
   how do you cope with living in such a state ? 
  oh it 's such a burden on me brother . 
  i could n't cope with it without alcohol , drugs and hookers that i get daily . 
  everyday i wake up and look to the mirror and say `` oh you fuckin ' turk '' then i genocide a nation or two to keep my mind busy from thinking about what a dirty turk i am . 
   you are dog , son of dog . 
  then i read your comments and be glad that at least i can think of better and subtler insults that does n't scream `` i am an idiot . '', 
  how do you decide which turks to deport and which turks to keep ? 
   treat them like your shittiest province southeastern turkey would like to have a word lol and your turkish is shittier than your iq which is saying something . 
  this way of thinking is why we invaded cyprus and gathered all the turkish to north in the first place . 
  it looks like there wo n't be a guarantee of safety for them if we leave . 
  i 'm all for reunification but it seems we are still far away in terms of mentality, 
  we would n't give a shit if hitler came back to life and started fighting isis . 
  we would fight him too . 
  a group fighting isis is n't a good enough reason for us to suck their cock . 
  you have n't lived in a country terrorized by a bunch of `` freedom fighters '' for decades so you would n't get this . 
  benevolent dictatorship is better than klepto-authoritarianism disguised under the thin veil of democracy . 
  it 's like the countries that name themselves `` people 's democratic republic of x '' but go totally stalin about how they rule . 
  nope , there is no chance merkel will even give it a thought . 
  it 's the usual carrot and stick thing . 
  be real guys . 
  countries that did n't exist when turkey 's ascension process begun are in eu right now . 
  we wo n't be in eu in the next couple of centuries at least . 
  funny thing is turks do n't buy it while europeans bought it . 
  she was hoping for the opposite i guess . 
  absolutely not . 
  \u0130stanbul is a really big city with a 14 million population . 
  there are areas that will make you think like you are walking in a typical western european city and there are areas that will make you think you are in middle east . 
  it 's the melting pot of turkey and all kinds of people and cultures are present . 
  yeah ... 
  us really does n't give a shit about democracy and freedom of speech as long as their puppet is in power . 
  do n't forget that they supported a coup in turkey . 
   gulenists if those islamist cunts are the ones who will be the next power in turkey then i 'm leaving this shithole . 
  i 'll do better things in life and have a purpose . 
  i 'll disguise myself as a syrian refugee and pounce hungarian border guards or something . 
  that 's the dream . 
  yeah . 
  kinda funny to see europeans treating mere hundreds of thousands as an invasion . 
  i know many communists who would say people in there are no true communists . 
  it would be difficult to do it with a gun . 
  i planned the assassination of erdo\u011fan with a friend for fun and the only way is getting close and personal . 
  maybe disguise yourself as a poor guy acting like you wan na hug him or something . 
  if i ever reach the brink of madness and suicide , i 'm gon na do it with style , and with a bunch of explosives attached to me right next to erdo\u011fan . 
  i 'll shout `` allahu-ekber '' while exploding maybe they 'll blame it on isis lol . 
  or i might shout `` all hail church of the flying spaghetti monster ! '', 
  just for the lulz . 
  lol the idiot changed his flair to a turkish one now . 
  you manipulating lying ass bastard . 
  i 'd be all for planting erdo\u011fan 's head on a pike but things like that are n't that simple . 
  i love you kurdish-nationalist . 
  marry me .
