  that 's why you see so many fit male youngsters among refugees . 
  the others already died or did n't even join the trip . 
  an invading army of mere 8,000 people . 
  i guess our 2 million problem is an alien attack . 
  here gypsies are famous for their dancing and musical abilities . 
  they are also flower sellers . 
  they come in like cavalry when you are fighting with your girlfriend or if you do n't wan na buy , nag you to death with cliched `` does n't this pretty girl deserve a pretty flower ? '', 
  and similar lines . 
  we got those types of gypsies that europeans hate but it 's not that bad here . 
  title sounds straight outta some orwellian dystopia world . 
  `` defend european way of life '' , man ... 
  they are poor in turkey . 
  they think they 'll stop doing low-end jobs , living in the streets , living with starvation being a daily thing if they go to germany . 
  war is just an excuse . 
  they want better lives on a silver plate . 
  we ca n't even fit them into camps . 
  around a million are freely wandering around turkey doing low-end non-legal jobs , living in parks and stuff . 
  they think they 'll magically be able to land legal jobs and live beneath a roof if they make it to germany . 
   threatened with hunger strike somewhere in the distance i hear all of europe silently demonstrating the mediocre amount of fucks they give . 
  if a burglar breaks into my home , i 'm gon na put a knife to my neck and tell the burglar that i 'll kill myself if he does n't leave . 
  should work . 
  yeah , the poor usually stop in turkey if they ever manage to get out . 
  it 's the rich who try for germany , sweden , etc. 
  i can vouch that some muslims use ma\u015fallah in `` dat ass '' moments . 
  it means something different though . 
  it 's said to ward off misfortune and [ evil eye ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evil_eye ) ( which we call `` nazar '' ) so i guess it 's more like `` may allah protect dat fine piece of ass ! '', 
   speaking through a translator , he apologised for breaking hungarian law , and said he did not know it was a criminal offence to cross hungary 's border . 
   `` we did n't know about this law . 
  if we had , we would not have entered there . 
  we respect the laws of countries , '' he said . 
  man ... 
  but hey , at least they can get free shelter and food now in prison so i guess mission accomplished for them . 
  maybe they were starving and at least tried to get their kids saved . 
  ca n't really see another reason for that . 
  ouch . 
  land of the free does n't seem that free now if you are shackled to your debt right out of college . 
  then again people here are picking up this tradition of living through debts too . 
  some get loans just to buy a new fancy phone . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i knew it was expensive in us but i was n't expecting that much . 
  how do you guys even manage to pay all that debt ? 
  you guys should play multiplayer hearts of iron and upload its ' recording to youtube . 
  never knew the existence of it before the attack . 
  so , no opinion i guess . 
  i like satirical magazines though . 
  of course that would be your opinion . 
  you are an ex-jew . 
  i laugh at anti-islam humor too as an ex-muslim . 
  but i 'm capable of forming empathy with some muslims . 
  what they did was bad . 
  happy ? 
  should all muslims and ex-muslims write on their foreheads that says `` i think that this sucks , and i apologize on behalf of my religion '' ? 
  would that stop you asking that unfriendly and passive-aggressive question to every muslim ? 
  it 's like asking americans `` what 's your opinion on american natives your ancestors killed ? '', 
  and acting like you are expecting to get a `` yeah we all enjoyed that awesome genocide '', 
  i was a muslim . 
  most people i know are muslim . 
  i live in a muslim city . 
  that 's why a part of me still thinks like a muslim . 
  muslims you talk to are n't going to murder you . 
  do n't worry . 
  you can recognize an extremist easily . 
  not all muslims want to kill people . 
  some really are normal people . 
   they 're passive takbiri salafists . 
  this is the attitude that makes them say those . 
  they do n't root for those extremists , but they do n't like people who treat them as maniacs either . 
  most muslims are n't really knowledgeable about islam either . 
  if you are credible you can fool them into believing anything . 
  if i was an imam , i could corrupt anyone while getting them to think that they were doing the right thing . 
  i 'd get my flock , and have a party of hookers and drugs like any good shepherd should do . 
  politicians know this and use it . 
  sects like g\u00fclenists and wahhabists know it and use it . 
  who reads a quran nowadays ? 
  hell , who reads a book ? 
  who actually reads an wikipedia article and then checks the authenticity of the sources ? 
  all information is fed to you by tv and internet and we take it for granted . 
  when you do this with religions , then it gets dangerous . 
  they just listen to those who claim to have the authority to talk about it . 
  you say there is only so much room for re-interpretation and reformation , well , i think it 's even getting worse . 
  with this wahhabism thing and other interpretations like that , islam is going downhill . 
  if we can fuck it up , maybe we can improve it too . 
  people say `` that '' islam is n't `` true '' islam . 
  well , islam is what muslims think it to be . 
  it has been deformed and never stays the same . 
  but religion will never die out completely . 
  too many advantages on abusing it and too many idiots who 'll believe in them . 
  if anything , it has become easier to fool people into believing your own version of islam in this modern world . 
  i would n't get this mad if people would actually read quran rather than listening to a fucking guy on a tv show during ramadans who goes on and on about made-up stories of muhammad . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://95.211.168.15/news/7renk/newpics/news/130320151428588615120_2.jpg ) earns around 200,000 euros for appearing on tv during ramadan month and answering stupid questions like `` is it okay if i brush my teeth when i 'm fasting ? '', 
  dude if they can pay me that money i 'll have those idiots on the set worship their tv channel . 
  i 'm not actually replying to you , just blowing off some steam . 
  do n't interpret it like an argument or anything . 
  so if i 'm a starving refugee , i can just cross the border and get free shelter and food ? 
  prison beats begging on the streets . 
   `` they may be dirty fuking serbs , but at least they are not crn\u010duga or brown people '' aww , that 's cute . 
  they actually love each other . 
  they might even go brown-hunting together . 
  i 'm feeling all fuzzy despite being kebab . 
  ex-muslim here too .
