  i think when merkel said `` yeah sure , we 'll go back to the talks on ascension process and all that bullshit '' she expected the turks to buy it and germans to see through the rhetoric . 
  the complete inverse of that happened lol . 
  no she does n't . 
  we do n't buy that either . 
  but some people selectively accept the bullshit that confirms their bias . 
  oh , completely normal then . 
  everyone spies on everyone . 
  this `` us spies on us !, 
  it 's germany ! '', 
  etc shit is weird . 
  what people should be outraged about is when governments begin to spy on their own people . 
  although this is something every government does on some level too i guess . 
  invasion ? 
  really ? 
  when did european ideals decided to take a hike and people turned into the monsters they used to despise so much ? 
  i 'm 6 ' 2-ish ( that 's 1.87 to everyone here lol ) and i weigh 78 kgs , and i look a bit round on the belly area . 
   the idea that weighing more than 80kg for either a man or a woman is healthy . 
  if you 're 95kg you have to be either a very tall and strong man or you 're simply obese . 
  the idea that fat/large people are `` normal '' and do n't have a very troubling , dangerous health issue is totally alien here . 
  note that there is usually no `` digust '' or fat-shaming or fat-hating , but rather a deep feeling of sincere concern/worry for the health of the fat person . 
  i think this is connected to extreme political correctness thing they got over there . 
  add that to your list too . 
  great list btw . 
  turkey shares like 3 points with us on this list i think . 
  also ,  30c is too hot to go outside and 40c you 're ill oh you are cute . 
  try being out at 45c . 
  i think that was my personal record . 
  how does typical us-style `` dating '' work ? 
  the only weird thing i know is that when they go out , they establish that it is a `` date '' and act accordingly . 
  they also seem to fret over it too much rather than just being casual . 
  look at the part where he quoted . 
  ca n't believe he got downvoted to hell for saying that lol . 
  people here really should re-learn how to read . 
  why would circumcised people need lube to masturbate wtf ? 
  and how did that become a topic of conservation ? 
  wait , i do n't wan na know . 
  edit : boy this thread escalated quickly . 
  ca n't believe a wrong comment like this getting 250 upvotes . 
  totally gon na bring this to the circumcised men federation . 
  we need better marketing . 
  * looks at erdo\u011fan 's palace which has 1000 rooms in it * * looks at the non-existing uproar from turkish people * * sees idiots with an inferiority complex actually being proud with the palace * * sighs *, 
  years ago if you said that , nationalists would tear your skin from your bones . 
  nowadays a few nationalists agree southeastern turkey is like an infected wound that needs to be severed from turkey . 
  turkey never had and never will have a chance at joining eu . 
  it 's weird there is even an `` ascension process '' . 
  we should just drop it already . 
  it 's getting insulting to see eu card being pulled out whenever there is some dirty work eu needs us to do . 
  to be honest , i ca n't blame refugees for wanting to leave but i ca n't blame europeans for wanting to throw them out either . 
  because government is such a good guy in this scenario . 
  i 'd leave a shithole like that any day i could , and i bet most of this sub also would . 
  who wants to fight superpowers ' proxy wars ? 
  anyone ? 
  real life does n't work like a strategy video game or a hollywood rebel movie , sadly . 
  well , they do n't like working like a slave and sleeping on streets i think . 
  dunno about iran and china . 
  yurop is one giant utopia to them so they just flock over there . 
  also , surprise surprise , we do n't want any more refugees either . 
  they kill the labor market by working illegally . 
  we got 2.2 millions and that 's enough . 
  turkey and lebanon alone could double the amount of refugees whole eu has . 
  you guys actually get a minority of refugees really . 
  but ca n't even deal with that apparently lol . 
  oh , high and mighty eu riding the moral high horse , oh , when did we get here ? 
  when you are out of your country 's borders , you speak english . 
  simple as that . 
  man , y' all really have a twisted perception of us do n't ya ? 
  we just shoot people in the head . 
  beheading is so 90s . 
  we even have national holidays where the country just turns into a big free-for-all heretic and heathen shooting match . 
  ** edit ** : the deleted comment was saying people are gon na get beheaded because of this or something . 
  people think of us like monsters lmao . 
  i mean it 's been a long while since i behead someone , really . 
  it was last tuesday i think . 
  kinda feels like a d&d universe . 
   i have to walk 1 hour to the centre you found that entertaining as someone completely stranger to the area but when you have to spend hours on public transportation and walking just to get to somewhere , and deal with that neverending traffic , it becomes exhausting . 
  i remember that once it took me 4 hours to get somewhere . 
  i could switch 3 cities in 4 hours in germany . 
   you can find everything and anything for sale on the shelf and its cheap if you haggle . 
  or visit a real shop and its cheap well , it 's not cheap for us . 
  with one euro worth three liras , most foreigners find it very cheap . 
  but it 's very expensive to live in \u0130stanbul with a lira wage . 
  even with only your apartment rent you can end up starving come end of the month . 
   i remember where a knowledgeable imam patiently answered questions by some westerners trying very hard to convert him to atheism ( for over an hour ! ) . 
  was fun to watch , i asked him a few questions too . 
  this is interesting . 
  did they talk in english ? 
  what did they talk about ? 
  why the hell did you go to cizre and diyarbak\u0131r ? 
  be glad that you managed to get away with only getting robbed . 
  \u0130stanbul can be kinda cool but live here for a few years and the magic comes off easily . 
  almost every turkish food . 
  german way . 
  i thought everybody does it like that . 
  dutch one just seems weird . 
  that 's how i wrote it when i was just learning to write . 
  that can easily change . 
  akp upped their vote percentage by 10 in mere months thanks to several bombings and propaganda . 
  they just need to keep doing whatever they are doing . 
  they control most channels and the ones that matter anyway . 
  what i do n't like is the taste rak\u0131 leaves in my mouth after i take a sip .
