  * ( inside voice : must ... force ... a smile ... ), 
  i guess more you feel like your identity is being attacked , more you try to protect it . 
  hence the conservatism . 
  i heard those stories of discrimination from germany turks myself . 
   edit : as this is an erasmus thread : how did you like your time in germany ? 
  i was in dortmund and had a great time . 
  alcohol was incredibly cheap . 
  i bought a 20 beer case on my second day and hauled it to my dorm lol . 
  i bought 3 cases like that but it was difficult to carry that stuff so i decided to stick with six-packs and wine . 
  and student bars , oh man , student bars were da bomb !, 
  even cheaper alcohol , good music , friendly people , and you could always find some people you know so you do n't end up drinking your beer in a corner and checking your phone and stuff . 
  getting into nightclubs was difficult though . 
  most bouncers were like `` naaah '' when they saw my turkish passport lol . 
  it kinda hurts when all your french , italian , british , etc friends go in and you are left outside with your turkish and other `` inferior '' nationalities . 
  turkish people already have a case of inferiority complex . 
  to be honest bouncers are n't wrong . 
  turks can fuck shit up in clubs sometimes . 
  those nights we usually ended up in kebab/d \u00f6ner shops conversing with shopkeepers in turkish and then throwing small home parties with tequila . 
  we did lots of home parties with greeks . 
  but to be honest as a turkish you do n't really `` bond '' with european students that much . 
  greeks and spanish were probably the closest european people to us . 
  we have a guy who never drinks alcohol , one time , a bouncer said that he was drunk and he was n't going to allow him into the club . 
  and the guy never drinks , for religious reasons . 
  laughs were had , to say the least . 
  i also liked the courses i took . 
  learning german ( enough to ask for an address , make small talk , and buy things ) and being forced to speak english all the time in classes was a big improvement for me . 
  there were some really interesting lessons that actually made me curiously research . 
   also , i think what he has meant to say is most of those first generation german turks were coming from central or eastern anatolian villages where non-industrialized/poor and conservative lifestyle is common and they had never lived in a city before migrating to germany . 
  yes , that 's it . 
  even \u0130stanbul ( which is a big domestic immigration magnet ) has people living there like villagers . 
  going to a city and in another country , no less , is a big change from the simple eastern anatolian village life . 
  turkey turks generally do n't like germany turks . 
  this kinda leads to germany turks not feeling at home in both countries . 
  auslander in germany and yabanc\u0131 in turkey . 
  germany turks are too conservative when compared to turkey turks . 
  there are a lot of negative stereotypes about them . 
  conservative , nouveau riche , show-offs , naive , votes for the left in germany and for the right in turkey . 
  especially anti-akp people hate them for contributing to getting turkey fucked by erdo\u011fan with their votes , which they give without any idea about what it 's like to live there they only visit turkey during summer vacations to spend hard euros with a 1:3 exchange rate with lira and they assume turkey 's economy is doing so well ( of course all thanks to erdo\u011fan ) because lira is basically worthless and they can buy anything they want . 
  there was this one time one of them told me all the great stuff akp did , even though he was born and raised in germany and only visited their glorious and stronk turkey during summers . 
  this `` i know all '' attitude regarding turkey can be annoying . 
  i really wanted ask him to switch places with me and live one year in turkey he adores so much . 
  of course as it is with any peope , they are cool people when you get past the stereotypes . 
  their insistence on speaking german amongst themselves even though you make it clear that you do n't understand german is kinda annoying though lol . 
  but i do like their germanized accents when they speak turkish . 
  they use a german manner of speaking sometimes , directly translating german words to turkish in their minds in a literal way and forming turkish sentences that way . 
  they seem to be stuck between identities . 
  but mostly they seem well integrated to me . 
  they seem really varied . 
  you got people who can barely speak turkish on hand and on the other hand , those who know the grammatical rules better than me . 
  edit : also , people who really needed the money and the work went to germany . 
  most of them went from uneducated and conservative parts of turkey , if you were wondering why germany turks are more conservative than turkey turks . 
  some turkey turks feel germany took their worst and turkish immigrants around europe are showing a bad example of turkish people . 
  so they feel ashamed of them . 
  i 'm from \u0130stanbul and i did my erasmus in germany . 
  had lots of time to interact with this unique culture and ethnicity called germany turks . 
  i remember [ this photo ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/21a31c3b69d7f632a073db7229209f50/tumblr_mkgkjtzuw21qzbxrxo1_500.jpg ) whenever someone pulls that card . 
  x is evil . 
  y is something you do n't want . 
  so you mention x to make y seem evil or more evil . 
  people did that a lot with `` communism '' . 
  i find it funny . 
  in next decade we 'll have something else . 
  calling putin on everything is so yesterday . 
  it seems childish to me . 
  it is n't the first time a company fires an employee . 
  this happens all around the world . 
  go voice your concern over starving newly-fired blue-collar workers with big families to feed or something . 
  where are all the people complaining about lazy greeks and their debt now ? 
  this is nothing new . 
  it 's flattering that you think turkey has the capacity to buy a country . 
  would n't say no to some islands though :3, 
  the suggestion that we may attack greece is laughably cute :3 it 's like netherlands fearing an invasion by belgium or something . 
  if greece gets out of eu , turkish tourists will have less trouble with going to greece so it would work out for some , i guess . 
  for those who do n't know : ( mhp : nationalists ) , ( chp : secular social democrats ) , ( hdp : kurdish party ) . 
  at least mhp can take the blame if they fuck it up . 
  there is an economic crisis at the door . 
  mhp would never be in a coalition that has hdp 's support , so this was kind of expected . 
  mhp voters are also a bit angry at chp for being welcoming towards hdp too . 
  what ? 
  why would mhp be banned in europe ? 
  recently what they have done to get banned for ? 
  and what have they done to be called neonazis ? 
  well , there is nothing new . 
  turkish side elected a new guy who wants to make progress about it and that 's all . 
  most old folks know a computer-sawy kid who can set their computer up for them . 
  majority is n't clueless . 
  they got guides on how to circumvent blocks on forums and all you need is knowing how to read . 
  and if you ca n't do it , you probably know someone who can do it for you anyway , like i said . 
  knowing how to circumvent blocks comes with being turkish nowadays lol . 
  lots of people want muslims out of europe because they claim muslims are n't compatible with european values . 
  were they born racists or did something they witnessed made them hate muslims ? 
  think about the reverse situation . 
  try to go for a little empathy here . 
  edit : actually google translate this if you want : http://www.milliyet.com.tr/2007/02/11/yazar/pulur.html some of this crept into chp but like i said , they are pretty much non-existent now . 
  chp sure had kafatas\u00e7\u0131 kemalists . 
  they are non-existent now pretty much but the word `` kemalist '' is still sometimes used as an insult meaning ultra-secular and nationalist nowadays . 
  there is a reason why kemalist is even used as an insult . 
  the insult is more like `` commie '' now . 
  not what it actually means and old . 
  the faction you are talking about had more members in chp , actually .
