  the main reason why people are against turkey 's ascension is because that means giving 80 million turks free travel in eu . 
  people think we will abandon this land completely and go live in europe . 
  only 20 % of refugees are in camps and that probably will be the percentage that will leave after the situation stabilizes . 
  that means 80 % of the 2.2 million we got will still be here to roam around . 
  and sorry folks in europe , turkey is not your garbage dump . 
  i 'm turkish . 
   be treated with respect by the west . 
  what respect ? 
  we have finally started to look out for ourselves rather than playing the clean-up crew in me . 
  i guess everybody is pissed about that huh ? 
  if one third of complaints about eu 's ascension is about erdo\u011fan , then another one third is complaining about `` oh god turks are gon na be set loose in our country '' so i 'm not buying that . 
  people pull the `` oh we do n't hate you we just hate erdo\u011fan '' card all the time only if you call them out on their racism , because europeans feel this need to be politically correct . 
  it just seems insincere to us . 
  eastern europeans just honestly tell us that hate us and i respect them more for it . 
  dude , relax . 
  everyone here should relax . 
  turkey has absolutely no chance joining eu . 
  it would be like aliens invading earth . 
  although that is a bad example since that has a higher chance of happening . 
  if we really must join an organization , we should be trying for [ shanghai cooperation organisation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shanghai_cooperation_organisation ) since we actually have a shot with that . 
   do n't forget that they basically let anyone into turkey from the mid east if you present a bigger bribe ( unless your kurdish ) and that you can get an italian passport from the turkish police station . 
  first part sounds plausible but where did you get this information from ? 
  percentage of muslims who want sharia law are higher in europe . 
  your ignorance about turkey is astonishing . 
  do you know what this region has gone through since us invasion of iraq ? 
  then shut up . 
   turkey 's pro-islamic leader has built his ( secular , democratic , western-friendly ) nation into a regional powerhouse nowadays who agrees that he is secular and democratic ? 
  he stopped being useful to the west ( hence the `` western-friendly '' ) so the west started shitting all over him . 
  he was still a bastard then and still is . 
  people are beginning to turn anti-erdo\u011fan just because he works against western interests . 
  he was such a secular democrat when he was eu 's and usa 's dog was n't he ? 
  nobody gives a fuck about secularism and democracy . 
  as a turk , i should be first one to open my mouth about eu ascension promises . 
  realizing that just now ? 
  lol, 
  at least you 'll see what it 's like to deal with this mess and how western interventions ( mostly meaning us ) damage it . 
  if , merkel was being serious , and she was n't . 
  she is just throwing some ambiguous promises around . 
  it 's strange how the western opinion of erdo\u011fan came from [ this ] ( http://haber.stargundem.com/dosyalar/images/20111128_400%5b1%5d.jpg ) to today . 
  he was still a dick back then but foreigners are barely realizing nowadays . 
  i guess it 's not that surprising since we also came from [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c2qgih.jpg ) to today too . 
  merkel is n't an idiot . 
  she will never follow up with this promise . 
  put your mind at ease , dear europeans . 
  turkey joining eu will never be a thing . 
  ca n't believe how most people in here are already buying it . 
  i remember a period in turkey when everything was changing to fit eu standards . 
  nowadays nobody gives a fuck about eu standards since eu will never accept us no matter what anyways . 
  no way in hell french are going to vote yes for turkey 's ascension . 
  sarkozy was vehemently against turkey 's ascension . 
  saying things like turkey has no place in eu . 
  i do n't know the current stance . 
  but i bet french people are against it . 
  we are n't in eu and we have no obligation to agree to this deal . 
  what does it have to do with reliability ? 
  it 's border countries ' ( greece , bulgaria ) job to do gatekeeping but we are treated as the border control guard of eu without even being in eu . 
  we are not the buffer zone of eu . 
  we are our own country . 
  believing that merkel will really speed up the ascension process ( so we 'll cut a decade or two ... ) is really dumb . 
  if she is sincere , then it 's really pathetic that eu considers erdo\u011fan 's turkey as a potential member so they can get turkey to solve a problem that is theirs to solve in the first place . 
  who is the next member in sight ? 
  north korea ? 
  if they accept refugees maybe ? 
  so it 's a shitty move for merkel both ways . 
  one is deceptive the other is miserable . 
  they need to stop pulling the eu card whenever they feel like dumping a problem on someone else . 
  so merkel goes `` oh we 'll just speed up the ascension process so you can join one or two decades earlier '' and we are expected to buy it ? 
   where was this outrage there is n't any outrage about it . 
  people are close to actually celebrating it . 
  then we will just stop border control at western borders and since every refugee wants to make it to europe , they all will flock to your land anyway . 
  with the current situation we are already stopping refugees at borders . 
  refugees are n't allowed to take busses to thrace . 
  say goodbye to that . 
  hell , we can make money out off making deals with refugee smugglers . 
  and the whole second biggest army in nato thing ? 
  gone . 
  no more nato . 
  welcome alliance with russia . 
  expect more refugees afterwards . 
  then us will go apeshit trying to be the mediator . 
  here is the thing . 
  we do n't like it when a group tries to carve out a country on a territory that just happens to be our land . 
  so that might explain our hostile attitude towards pkk . 
  we really do n't like it when some people kill our people and bomb our infrastructure . 
  i know in europe people fart rainbows and butterflies and you might welcome invaders to your country and shit , but we do n't like to that here . 
  so please do n't tell us which group we can defend ourselves from or which group we must surrender to , just like how we do n't tell you to accept isis as your overlords , m ` kay ? 
  erdo\u011fan knows eu will never give turkey membership over this anyway . 
  there are some problems which might prevent an eu membership that can never be resolved even with erdo\u011fan gone . 
   let 's reward their treason with eu membership !, 
  turkey was n't offered a eu membership . 
  title is misleading . 
   why should we believe a single word they have to say ? 
  lol, 
  sometimes tsk ( turkish army ) gives online reports about greek jets invading turkish airspace . 
  but since nobody in turkey gives a shit i think they stopped doing it a while ago . 
  i do . 
  [ especially in a map like this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:aegean_6_nm.svg ) . 
  looks like a bitch to navigate through for both sides . 
  and [ this looks even shittier ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:aegean_12_nm.svg ), 
  you are telling me this in / r/europe ?
