  it would be like balkans which has lotsa independent countries now if armenian rebels have succeeded . 
  imho we can discuss it for centuries but no solution can be reached . 
  all archives must be opened and researched rather than both countries accusing each other of stuff . 
  i played the shit out of that game . 
  other than that , i 'm also in the paradox games camp . 
  venezuela . 
  it does n't do what us wants either so obama declared it 's a security threat or whatever . 
  so , be careful folks . 
  we might wake up with a venezuelan flag waving above our lands one day . 
   syriza 's government then tries to use its populist policies as `` think of the children '' propaganda that 's some vile propaganda indeed . 
   an authoritarian government what ? 
  germany ? 
  you are cute . 
  i agree ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) . 
  read the truth and decide yourself yurop !, 
  evil u.s. needs war in europe , so let 's counter that by ... invading ukraine . 
  logic is strong within this video . 
  the only region u.s. needs war in is middle east . 
  `` attempts to provoke russia into a war with ukraine '' lol wut ? 
  nice graphics at least . 
  stalin would be proud . 
  they are both shitty . 
  usa just declared that venezuela is a security threat while we are yet to hear anything about countries like saudi arabia . 
  but it 's not right to support this guy just because usa is n't the shining example of morality or whatever . 
   crimeans were celebrating about their annexation just a few days ago ... it hardly seems like a crime in contrast to americas actions in the middle east/oil rich countries i 'd rather support countries that do n't invade other countries for any reason . 
  well , i exaggerated a little bit . 
  that kinda stuff happens only during rush hours . 
  there is n't really much to do about it in a big city like \u0130stanbul . 
  wow , even `` not queuing up '' looks neat by european standards . 
  people who are not used to \u0130stanbul traffic are freaked out by them , but these guys know what they are doing . 
  but yeah , even taxi drivers are saner . 
  there was this one time where the host left the wagon full of tasty beverages and snacks in front of me and my family 's seats . 
  fortunately , the company did n't go bankrupt after we were done . 
  my mom only said `` you made a big mistake right there '' when he was back . 
  it 's not as bad as it looks like . 
  the guy behind you keeps pushing you into the bus and you push the guy in front of you . 
  it 's like a river . 
  the flow eventually makes it to the bus . 
  since nobody wants to wait for the next bus , inside of the bus becomes very cramped . 
  then you spend your time almost mid-air throughout the whole journey , stuck between people , as the guy behind you rides your ass and you do your best to give the woman in front of you enough room so she would n't feel harassed or anything . 
  i wonder who is going to mention the inevitable topic of discussion that usually comes up when there is a thread about turkey lol, 
   bans minecraft cuz it 's violent  does n't know most children play cod or cs in internet cafes . 
  minister probably does n't know anything about video games and she saw her son punching chickens on minecraft in front of a big screen that 's called a computer . 
  btw , got ta love dem comments . 
   they should spend more time getting their illegal turkish immigrants out of germany and less time on stupid things like this . 
  ninja edit : but this one below ( someone with a turkish nickname ) made some sense :  according to ministries web site ( in turkish ) they are just trying to make the game 13 + so that might be why they do n't ban gta and cod and stuff . 
  `` itt : the usual out-of-context conservation topic whenever someone mentions turks '' is more like it . 
  there are a lot of people who agree with that kind of thinking though . 
  butthurt from the mongolian invasion times . 
  same kinda deal with `` turks oppressed us so it was ok to kill them '' thing we see here . 
  most turks are okay with mongolians ( since our people used to roll together i guess ) so he pulled the wrong weapon . 
  it 's very easy to create excuses for ethnic cleansing or anti- [ insert nationality ] mindset is n't it ? 
  turks , muslims , whatever . 
  people in turkey create excuses for armenian genocide too . 
  in the end , who is right and who is wrong does n't matter . 
  what matters is , who is doing the killing and who is doing the dying . 
  it 's like the whole world is waiting for a new leader like hitler to direct the anger and racism building up inside the people into a new power , because that 's our nature . 
  hating each other for things our ancestors ( ancestor : people who we have never known and do n't have a 100 % genetic bond with ) have done to each other . 
  what 's funny is , if i was born a few kilometers to the west , i would probably be backing you up . 
  enver pa\u015fa was probably the most stupid military leader ottoman empire had . 
  if i was atat\u00fcrk , i would be ashamed to have a rival like him . 
  allah would n't create [ this wonderful drink ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/03/yeni_raki.jpg ) just so he could deprive us from it . 
  therefore , logic dictates that allah wants us to be drunk and happy !, 
  you think it was okay to kill turks ( cuz they were conquerors ) , idiots on the turks side think it was okay to kill armenians ( because they rebelled ) . 
  both of you people are very similar and idiotic . 
  it 's a genocide when the people you do n't like are doing it . 
  if not , it 's a simple removal of kebab . 
  i 'm a turk who accepts the genocide by the way . 
  in case you think being turkish equals a guy who rejects it . 
  oh you called me a mongolian !, 
  i 'm a turk you balkan fuck !, 
  do n't ever insult me again !, 
  yer right . 
  but that was probably the response you were hoping for lol . 
  nice edit shitbag . 
  i do n't think turkey would have a chance even if atat\u00fcrk rose from his grave with a bunch of new westernization reforms . 
  turkey is a country where the majority is muslim and the country is too big to join eu without the balance of power completely shifting . 
  those two reasons are enough . 
  yeah , islam was the worst thing that happened to us in our history . 
  most kurds like erdo\u011fan but he does n't give a shit about them either . 
  he only cares about votes . 
  if he is so anti-racism he should abolish the 10 % election threshold which hdp ( pro-kurd party ) will have a hard time overcoming during the next elections . 
  but yes , his party did solve numerous issues , but he did n't do those things out of love or anything . 
  but the first thing he should do now is getting rid of that stupid threshold which is a big obstacle in front of hdp . 
   i do n't know whether you support the turkey should only be turks party or the kurdish party i want neither . 
  `` turks party '' , `` kurds party '' it sounds like the same shit to me . 
  i want an `` equality party '' . 
  not only for ethnicities , but for everything especially religions . 
  turkey will never cancel the its application since it will have diplomatic implications . 
  eu is never on cards for turkey , but it 's still in turkey 's best interest to keep good relations . 
  it 's also in eu 's best interests to consider turkey 's applications ... for like a century . 
  nah people really think we still wan na join eu or something . 
  with the stuff going on internally , i do n't know what our visions outside of turkey are nowadays . 
  that 's just one guy . 
  every country has stupid politicians who say stupid things from time to time . 
  it 's not like they acted on his word . 
   if you 're in a very hot climate or sweat excessively it 's best to leave the hairs definitely not . 
  it just smells like shit then . 
  shaving the hair is not for stopping the sweating . 
  if there is someone in this thread who said that , they are definitely misled .
