  of course mate . 
  you can keep your hatred against ottomans . 
  they do n't exist anymore anyway . 
  trade was n't handled by jews because ottomans were racists . 
  jews dominated trade because they wiped the floor with other competitors . 
  anybody could be a trader . 
  church was handled by greeks ? 
  you mean the orthodox church or something ? 
  i do n't see how that 's racist . 
  should turks have handled the affairs of minority religious groups , instead of the people who actually believe in it ? 
  greeks and jews mostly have the same skin color with turks so that would n't make a difference anyway . 
  you realize jews , greeks , balkan people do n't have a major difference in skin tone with turks right ? 
  you might think ottoman equals turkish but the modern turkish mindset is different from the one that existed hundreds of years ago . 
  thanks for teaching me my culture from your high school history books . 
  turks are not familiar with skin color based racism . 
  she probably buy into the `` white means european or north american '' thing . 
  get us into eu and we 'll talk about it . 
  [ time to plan ottoman empire 2 : kebab strikes back ] ( https://istifhane.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/bastroll.png ), 
  at least propaganda is more subtle than wwii and cold war era propaganda nowadays . 
  progress . 
  eastern turkey is culturally close to syria . 
  refugees are n't held in a single province , they are free to go anywhere they want in the country . 
  there were several protests against the refugee intake around the country and a lot of people are not happy with it . 
  ultra-nationalists you can count on being against it but pretty much everyone i talked to hates it . 
  there are also a lot of people in turkey who hate arabs . 
  you guys yapping over a few thousand refugees seems funny to me . 
  turkey took 2 millions of syrian refugees . 
  i wish we actually had borders and immigration policies and shit . 
  this synthetic weed shit has gained a lot of popularity nowadays . 
  it fucked up a lot of people in turkey . 
  they call it `` bonzai '' . 
  alcohol and weed is expensive , so people turn to this crap . 
  ergenekon was a fake coup made up by akp so they could imprison some vocal military officers and replace them with their own people . 
  everybody is planning a coup if you ask akp . 
  more like dozens lol . 
  pathetic idiots . 
  they do n't even deserve to be signified . 
  did n't know serbians do [ this ] ( http://nahcek.com/nah.png ) too . 
  i thought we were the only nation that uses that gesture . 
  yeah , we just invaded it out of the blue without any reason whatsoever . 
  turkey also managed to get internets during akp rule . 
  and those smartphones . 
  sand\u0131k : ballot box . 
  ysk : supreme electoral council of turkey ( highest electoral authority in turkey ) adalet : justice turkey : fucked . 
  i wan na see how russians vote now . 
  we need new techniques . 
  english replaced german as the `` default second language we ought to learn '' like ... 20 years ago . 
  you will get ripped off if you pay with euro because the shopkeeper will be all like `` hmm , what was the exchange rate ? 
  oh fuck it , just pay me triple '' try to catch thracians when they are drunk on raki so they wo n't be able to respond quickly to the invasion lol . 
  nope , they just liked the way how he aggressively screams at rallies and generally reenacts hitler 's rallies . 
  they do n't really research about what he intends to do or read akp 's election manifestos . 
   but largely economically competent  `` they paved the roads !! '', 
   blatantly corrupt wow , that sounds incredibly like turkey . 
  people vote and support their party the way how one would support his favorite football team . 
   but basically they were the party of government for 50 years . 
  well , fuck . 
  37 years left . 
  ... and we would totally be okay with it . 
  dude if that happened all the nationalistic chp voters would join akp 's army lol . 
  what 's currently wrong about the opposition , in your opinion ? 
  edit : downvote without a reply . 
  cool . 
  one of those pro-akp folks who only visit turkey during summer vacations . 
  it 's all fun and games until you stop being an oppressive and cruel us-puppet dictator and become an oppressive and cruel independent dictator instead . 
  '' ~ ~ secular , democratic , ~ ~ western-friendly '' is the correct version that they should have used . 
  there is n't even water in there . 
  how can anyone live without being close to a body of water ? 
  building this on the area where pkk is most active . 
  good luck with that . 
  arrange extra construction workers and extra construction vehicles to replace the dead and destroyed lol . 
  i think we should focus on fixing what we have right now . 
  most turks are kinda angry at pkk for the whole bombing and killing stuff . 
  if they gave me a quarter of their wage , i could have found the same results much faster . 
  it 's better than building up a real estate bubble to create growth . 
  kebab will into eu one day !, 
  we shall infiltrate and conquer yurop with shitty soap operas and low-class workers !, 
  we need this guy in turkey . 
  my politically incorrect senses are tingling !, 
  ( a bit late ), 
  a simple religion thing ca n't stop our party of pork , heroin and hookers . 
  halal simply means `` edible for a muslim '' . 
  you have to stop eating lots of stuff if you want to stop eating halal food because muslims eat a lot of things normal people also eat . 
  til muslims , jews , vegetarians ca n't become cooks in denmark . 
  it always sounds funny to me when someone complains about refugees while their country only took a few thousands . 
  i understand why people hate refugees . 
  turkey took around 2 millions , not 1 million . 
  i see them on the streets every day . 
  if i was appointed dictator for life i would deport half the refugees immediately . 
  i would rebuild kobane and send 300,000 kurdish refugees we received from there back . 
  uncontrolled refugee intake will fuck up your country eventually . 
  destroying those boats only means those refugees will just search for other means to escape though . 
  i bet a thousand ottomans live in europe by now . 
  unfortunately we do n't accept ottoman ( literally ottoman ) refuges . 
  like a year ago some dynasty members claimed that some lands are actually theirs . 
  250 dynasty members ( they are like fucking karlings in ck2 ) brought a lawsuit and they basically wanted half of \u0130stanbul . 
  factories , vacant lots , farms , etc. 
  those folks did this from their cozy homes in mexico , lebanon , england , and several other countries . 
  ottomans return !, 
  everyone shall fear the glorious and mighty ** ottoman municipality ** ( or maybe even ottoman city if they get lucky ) i got [ this ] ( http://www.cumhuriyet.com.tr/haber/turkiye/39115/hanedan__istanbul_un_yarisini_istiyor_.html# ) as source but it 's turkish . 
  no worries , you 'll be able to read it once ottoman municipality achieves world domination .
