  they need more votes to change the constitution . 
  [ what democracy ? 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qjavy/hamas_we_will_liberate_palestine_jerusalem/cn73mpt ), 
  i do n't know it 's true or not , but even if it is , you do n't know how cops use laws here in turkey . 
   police can now shoot individuals they believe are attempting to attack any building or vehicle this is all they needed to justify the dead protestors in gezi . 
  now they can just claim `` he was going to go punch that car 's window so i killed him '' or something and walk free . 
  says the guy who occupies british territory . 
  it 's like the feeling you get in an airport . 
  eu citizens / non-eu citizens . 
  `` i guess i 'll go enter that long line of slanted eyes and long beard weirdos instead of the short line of eu master race '' . 
  * curls up into a ball and cries * nobody cares about joining eu anymore . 
  it appears our plans of becoming rum by changing our alphabet has been discovered . 
  i know right ? 
  / r/worldnews is like a sophisticated version of youtube comments . 
   reactionary islam was clearly preferable to left-wing christianity - and of course vastly preferable to secular atheism this reminds me , during the coup times communism was rising in turkey . 
  usa incited a coup and supported the `` liberal '' and `` moderate '' erdo\u011fan during those times . 
  we shared some of what you mentioned but secularism is n't dead yet , thankfully . 
  [ another redditor explained it perfectly ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2rqqml/turkey_is_trying_to_hide_any_evidence_that_holds/cnipyfp ) closing down village institutions was a really bad idea . 
  there were a lot of left-wing people there but closing them did n't really change things for the better . 
  villages now are filled with ignorant and uneducated conservative folk . 
  yeah there are a lot of people like that . 
  they go mostly for the show . 
  ottoman and turkish republic are n't the same thing . 
  atat\u00fcrk fought an independence war against ottomans ( who practically had no army anyway ) . 
  ottomans stood against everything atat\u00fcrk wanted to change . 
  i doubt europeans started to hate people of czech republic because of recent developments . 
  i mean , we all are capable of differentiate governments from nations . 
  right ? 
  guys ? 
  inferiority complex and superiority complex , at the same time . 
  if there is going to be someone grabbing popcorn when eu implodes , it 's going to be a turkish someone . 
  it 's a hurdle . 
  too expensive paperwork and fees to handle too . 
  i missed my erasmus for a month because germany issued the visa too late . 
  i know a guy who missed his erasmus at the same country altogether because he was denied a visa . 
  germany seems to have a lot of room for refugees but they do n't even allow students in . 
  they would also never let decades old things go . 
  i bet we must have turned down a refugee or two the other day . 
  i bet we got harsher than hungary too . 
  we may have pushed the refugees into mud and got all dirty . 
  come on , do n't deny that you want to learn about our food , culture and centuries of history now ; 3, 
  so a country does n't allow refugees in and suddenly you swoon over them ? 
   libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 definitely was n't worth all those monarch points . 
  you deal with rebels using military ideas . 
  of course not . 
  whenever there was news about turkey you 'd have at least one smartass telling us how turkey is n't in europe and it does n't concern this sub . 
  but now of course turkey is in europe thanks to current conditions . 
  when this problem is dealt with we 'll see those comments again . 
  no , i wish they were n't even here . 
  oh so it 's not 2.2 m and now 1.9 m. 
  thank you a lot europe . 
  if anything we have even more with the new influx of refugees . 
  but we have to play the gatekeeper and not let them out and then get even blamed for refugees that slip through . 
  if we shot them at the sea we would get blamed for that again . 
  eu has always been one minute humanist and another minute hypocrite with us . 
  if a country does n't care if you burn , it 's useless to do favors for them . 
   i 've heard our guards do n't play nice , also taking their cell phones justifying it by needing to `` get their numbers '' . 
  genuine lol if that 's true . 
  we should have done this too . 
  one more play we need to learn from europeans ' book . 
  `` not holding them back '' are you kidding me ? 
  refugees are n't even allowed in busses that go to edirne . 
  hell , read the fucking article here . 
  ungrateful bastards ... 
  it does n't really make much a difference if our refugee numbers drop to 1.9 m from 2m . 
  about camps in turkey , well only % 20 of them live in camps anyway . 
  rest live on streets and basically do slave labor . 
  we share those fears . 
  having those ideals is not exclusive to the western world . 
  your country is more advanced . 
  if anything you could use more low-end workers . 
  but here they just flood our labor market and bosses non-legally hire them since they are okay with barely managing to live . 
  if this is a `` you are a muslim country so be happy you got them '' well that 's now how it works . 
  i 'd go for ukrainian refugees rather than sharia-happy refugees in any day . 
  if we were actually letting refugees by the border you would have know it by now . 
  invasion of refugees ? 
  you guys would be in a total war situation if we did that . 
  it 's laughable when you lose your shit over mere thousands . 
  let 's see what happens when you get a million or two . 
  yeah , we are not in eu and do n't have any responsibility to stop them but we still act like the gatekeeper of eu . 
  ah , the dreaded line of `` non-eu residents '' that seemed to me like `` line for dirty scumbags '' i missed erasmus orientation and my german lessons for 1 month because of that bullcrap . 
  if they let that many refugee coming though why they do n't allow erasmus students ? 
  in islam , drawings , sculpture , or imitation of the prophet is a horrible act . 
  muhammed is probably too busy fucking virgins in heaven to care about iconoclasm though lol, 
  it would also be difficult to do the population exchange if southeast gets independence . 
  it 's a no-brainer that a population exchange must happen if that happens so the question is , how do you get western kurds to leave their homes for lands they are a stranger to without forcing them at gunpoint . 
  if wales got independence i doubt a population exchange would happen . 
  i 'll talk to erdo\u011fan and let this one slide , but only because i like your nickname . 
  that has some truth to it i guess . 
  well , it was dumb . 
  i 'd switch syrian refugees with x1 .5 amount of ukrainian ones in any day . 
   would that be considered by turkey an aggression from bulgaria ? 
  and no it would n't . 
  we 'd see that as a blessing . 
  ukrainian refugees are ten times better than ungrateful sharia happy syrians . 
  why would it it be a sign of aggression ? 
  we are n't in eu and do n't have and responsibility towards them . 
  it 's eu 's job to keep them off . 
  if you want us to keep being your gatekeeper , send us some beer and hookers . 
  also accept us into eu .
