  time to let it go . 
  this is n't war where western imperialists are trying to take a slice . 
  it 's people who have been living in our country for centuries , not wanting to live with us . 
  actually , majority of kurds do n't want independence , but the vocal minority ( not that small anyways ) makes it enough of a problem . 
  yeah , pkk also damaged some kurds ' lives and not everyone is happy with them . 
  after all , everyone really just wants an environment where they can live in peace . 
  turkish cops are scum , pkk does n't have the legitimacy to carry out acts they used to carry anymore . 
  both ends of the stick are shitty . 
  popularity of pkk is a thing of the past , when turkish regime was really brutal without a doubt . 
  the comparison you made is a really good one . 
  most nationalistic people tend to `` kinda get it '' when you try to instill some empathy like that . 
  i wish we got rid of those lands to be honest . 
  but you ca n't go against `` muh lands '' nationalism except when you want to do a political suicide . 
  if your arm is being infected and slowly bring you near death , you cut it off . 
  turks just ca n't give away a small piece of rock without a fight . 
  trauma of losing so much land and people ( wwi and [ turkish war of independence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_war_of_independence ) ) is ingrained in our culture . 
  it will poison us . 
  why force people who do n't want to live with you to live with you ? 
  they 'll be in a worse situation that they were with us ( unless if they manage to make good deals with us oil corporations ) but we should n't decide their fate . 
  every nation should have the right for self-determination . 
  i learned majority of kurds do n't want independence from a very detailed report based on polls few days ago ( too lazy to find it atm ( too drunk ) but i may dig through my browser history when i 'm sober if someone is interested ) , they want autonomy instead , which will bring even more problems . 
  they are better off without us . 
  we can plant turkey on top of germany and south america will still have better luck joining . 
  year 3284 , mars joins eu meanwhile turkey fights unemployment for eu standards . 
  as long as we 'll be away from that shitstorm , fine by me . 
  i say we give eastern turkey to armenians before leaving . 
  pkk and armenian problem both resolved with one stone . 
  when greece celebrates their independence , we celebrate liberation of \u0130zmir . 
  do n't you go against state propaganda . 
  we need those airspace dogfight training yo . 
  ` urkey ! ^ ^ this ^ ^ did n't ^ ^ sound ^ ^ like ^ ^ ` murica ^ ^ at ^ ^ all, 
  possibility of turkey attacking greece at this age is the stupidest thing i have heard . 
  you must have good politicians or we have bad ones . 
  what does a safe zone has to do with kurds ? 
  same old , same old . 
  it 's news when a man bites a dog . 
  i ca n't believe we caused something good happen to greeks . 
  this is n't how a true kebab acts like . 
  this 180 degree turn is really rich lol . 
  at least take it like a man . 
  us-backed junta gave us a good excuse i guess . 
  when us supported a coup in our country too , that was when we were fucked though . 
  at least our coup did n't try to annex an island or something . 
  it 's kind of a problem when the sponsors are world powers though . 
  we can only try to stay away from political islamism as much as we can . 
  i 'm not going to argue about this here , but you can research about pre-invasion cyprus , greece 's political situation , and ethnic tensions during that time . 
  the fact that we never left cyprus is a valid point though . 
   the idea that isis is gon na kill the kurds for turkey is crazy . 
  yeah , only neckbeards with black & white sense of the world think a state may support a terrorist organization because said organization is killing a nationality the state is not fond of , all while receiving 200,000 refugees from said nationality . 
  things do n't work like personal relationships . 
  i think turkey wanted to use isis when things were simpler and the only problem was assad . 
  suppressing terrorists ? 
  you have no what you are talking about kiddo . 
  erdo\u011fan can suck my dick . 
  cyprus was seen as defending our people . 
  so that does n't count as an aggressive act for internal propaganda . 
  [ someone else explaining defensive mentality better than me ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3ec0gv/turkish_tanks_on_thursday_opened_fire_on_targets/ctdnr14 ), 
  i 'm going to save this joke to remember later to laugh about it . 
  it 's so funny i ca n't just pass this up but i 'll wait for the dead soldier 's blood to dry first . 
  bombing isis from a safe distance indefinitely wo n't fix anything . 
  usa put boots on middle east for less . 
  i do n't know if that 'll fix anything either though . 
  do you ever comment about anything except when something rings your kurdish nationalism ? 
   there is no such thing as `` just doing your military service and going back to civil life '' that 's exactly how it is here . 
  then you have stories to tell about peeling potatoes , painting walls , and cleaning toilets and stuff . 
   `` innocent people who want to do their service and head back to civil life '' . 
  there are literally reported instances of soldiers escaping from camps to get away from doing their service . 
  you act like they want to take up arms and kill people or something . 
  conscripts being legitimate targets for other countries is n't the topic here . 
  unfortunately you can always find fools to die for their imaginary friends . 
  i do n't think allure of being a de facto state is that important . 
  these are people who explode themselves to fuck virgins in heaven we are talking about . 
  hopefully influence of islam will die down in the coming decades . 
  at least our grandsons wo n't deal with this shit then . 
  that 's not the topic here . 
  he said soldiers are n't innocent and that 's why i replied to him . 
  of course a country at war wo n't care about whomever it kills . 
  we have only done a handful operations for a terrorist organization that has been hurting us for decades . 
  we did n't use it as an excuse to invade a country . 
  join the military ? 
  do you have a reading problem ? 
  it is n't a choice . 
  this is n't europe or usa . 
  we must do our compulsory military service . 
  maybe go check what compulsory military service means . 
  what do you expect them to do ? 
  go into hiding ? 
  these people are just people like anybody . 
  that 's not what they sign up for . 
  people justify pkk 's actions with this too . 
  `` oh they are just killing soldiers , so it 's ok '' these people should just stop flapping their gums and do n't talk about things they do n't know anything about . 
  people who only had like few weeks until their service was done has been killed . 
  soldiers are n't innocent people ? 
  why 22 year old conscripts who just want to do their military service and head back to the civil life have to die for things like this ? 
  is this the comment i should expect if i die during my military service after a few years ? 
   then stopped innocent civilians fleeing isis from entering safe territory and turned them back at the border turkey took 2m refugees in and 200.000 of them are kurdish . 
  meanwhile hungary is calling their 60k refugee problem `` an invasion of europe '' do i need to gather all refugee-related comments in / r/europe ? 
  or do you only stop being a humanist when you get the shitty end of the stick ? 
  i think turkish army will just continue the tradition of never wanting to step outside of turkish soil . 
  pkk has been bombing us for decades .
