  we are dealing with pkk for decades while no other country offered us their help . 
  and when it 's isis next-door the whole international community forms a coalition to fight them . 
  west has never thought about our safety and they never will . 
  that 's why we must fight our own battles . 
  we will fight pkk no matter what anyone else says . 
  we did enough to placate them . 
  we should have spoken out the moment they invaded iraq . 
  what about your other claims ? 
  like the lie you spread about turkey attacking first ? 
  got nothing to further your propaganda and lies ? 
  or are you really that stupid to believe that turkey broke the ceasefire ? 
  it 's an extremely easy thing to follow . 
  why does everyone claim to know everything about this conflict otherwise ? 
  it seems people know all about kurd-bombing trigger-happy turkey and secular , feminist , pro-lgbt kurds who are fighting to protect the american way ? 
  also , / r/syriancivilwar is a sub where every member does nothing but parrot their own propaganda . 
  do n't believe anything you read from there . 
  then why everyone claims we are bombing those us supports , trains and arms ? 
  it would n't be the first us-sponsored coup in turkey . 
  your friends in stalinist dictatorship of armenia ca n't play with our toys so tell them so !, 
  here is a tip to keep in mind while reading news . 
  when western media says `` turkey is bombing kurds '' they do n't mean ypg or all kurds together , they mean pkk . 
  but it sounds meaner when you say turkey is bombing a whole nation . 
  that 's how they put the spin they want to give . 
  exactly . 
  we did n't declare war on a country . 
  we fought terrorists that attacked our people . 
  we do n't need an excuse to do that nor permission from any other country . 
  did us need an excuse to attack al-qaeda ? 
  did us give a fuck what others said when they invaded iraq ? 
  if we were as bad as them , we would be using this as an excuse to invade syria . 
  others added enough to last you a lifetime . 
  there was n't anyone being a dick about it so here i am . 
   turkey should n't attack that faction without even discussing or telling the us . 
  also , it was pkk who broke the ceasefire by killing two cops in their sleep , not turkey . 
  so do n't blame us when we retaliate . 
  pkk should have focused on isil rather than rekindling their conflict with turkey , but of course we will get the blame when we do n't stand there gladly accepting headshots and bombings . 
  they know they got the support of westerners so they can get away with this shit easily . 
  pkk declared the ceasefire null and void and killed two cops in their sleep conveniently after isis made its ' first attack on turkey . 
  here , i added something . 
  it would take hours to bring you completely up to speed since you seem know nothing anyway . 
  you are too ignorant and misinformed to have a right to form opinions and and also you have no right to deplete our valuable oxygen on earth as well by existing . 
  you need to cease all your brain activities immediately . 
  this whole comment tree reminds me of grade school . 
   when you have a perfectly fine country already ? 
  not sure if serious ... 
  they can come here and fight for their lands then , because majority of the kurds here do n't . 
   those numbers are not people who died but people who were displaced after the azerbaijani dictatorship 's decision to attack karabakh when it exercised it 's internationally legally recognized right to self-determination . 
  same thing . 
  avoid sourcing dailysabah . 
  it 's a puppet of erdo\u011fan . 
  not that this article is wrong or anything . 
   700k azerbaijanis  400k armenian i guess azerbaijanis are supposed to have the sympathetic point of view here , since they died more than they killed . 
  that 's how it always works right ? 
   pkk and kurds ? 
  it 's pkk . 
  not kurds . 
  this is n't a whole nation we are fighting and turkish army has kurds in it too . 
  kurds also does n't have something like an agreement where they gather from time to time and say `` okay , us kurds will be doing this in turkey , this in syria , this in iraq '' . 
  they tend to differ amongst each other for some mysterious reason . 
  i 'm really tired of people talking about pkk like it 's what every kurd is in turkey . 
  do n't buy everything your media tells you . 
  talking about kurds like all of them are pkk members is exactly the attitude you would expect from a turkish ultra-nationalist . 
  maybe pkk should n't have rekindled their conflict with turkey by declaring the ceasefire null and void and killed two cops when they could have just focused on isil . 
  by the way saying `` pkk and kurds '' instead of just pkk ( which is actually what 's going on ) does n't make it sound like a just , freedom-fighting war . 
  they mostly speak german while visiting turkey . 
  did n't hear them speaking turkish much enough to see for myself . 
  that stuff happens a lot in southeastern turkey , which happens to be the region most german turks/kurds come from . 
  fuck your midwife . 
  funny thing is us turks from turkey complain about turks from germany being way too conservative . 
  hey !, 
  we will only stab you in the back when you turn your back to us . 
  ^ ^ 1453 ^ ^ best ^ ^ day ^ ^ of ^ ^ my ^ ^ life, 
  he was that people would call a `` benevolent dictator '' he tried to democratize the country at first . 
  but leading a revolution and the transition from monarchy to republic ca n't be done easily when you need to go through the bureaucracy of democracy . 
  also you ca n't deal with monarchists , pro-khalifa people ( people who wanted caliphate back ) and other reactionaries that way either . 
  atat\u00fcrk was offered the caliphate by some of his supporters but turned the title down . 
  from monarchy to one-party democracy was still good enough and paved the way for better . 
  i 've been to rome . 
  the moment when i crossed at red light with a big group of pedestrians all together made me feel at home . 
  europeans do this weird thing where they paint white lines on roads and cars stop if a pedestrian is crossing across those lines . 
  lost my shit when i saw it action in germany . 
  i mean we have those white lines too but i thought they were decorative or something . 
  it 's not easy to shift a blame like that to pkk without us finding it out . 
  i think it was dhkp-c , but we 'll see . 
  pkk would n't risk any fights with anyone else right now and isis would pick targets that would hurt turkey only if they attacked turkey . 
  this guy gets it . 
  us sponsoring a coup in turkey is the reason why we deal with jackasses like erdo\u011fan right now . 
  it 's unfortunate simple us consulate workers who had nothing to do with this died , but people in this region die for shit like this all the time . 
  and you 'll hear neckbeards saying `` we should give this region to this group , that region to this group , press the independence claims of this group , and kill this group '' like it 's nothing while innocent people from all sides die for this like it 's a paradox grand strategy game . 
  they ca n't show half the countries on a map that their government sponsored a coup in . 
  dhkp-c might be feeling funny again too . 
  you 'll know what fear is when you hop off that taxi . 
  dhkp-c most likely . 
  they use female militants and suicide bombers a lot . 
  they also hate us . 
  of course aircrafts will be hitting targets . 
  we are at war with pkk . 
  all lives matter . 
   i think what turkey does now is not exactly a defensive policy . 
  yeah , damn cops not allowing people to walk around with rpgs .
