  he lost the kurds , he ca n't lose the nationalists . 
  turkey has good relations with krg though . 
  most people here also disagree with the parts about killing apostates , homosexuals , etc. 
  turkey technically did fight against ottoman empire . 
  that 's the case with many successor states . 
  forming a new state upon the ruins of an old one is n't always diplomatic and sometimes you have to create those ruins first . 
  but i do n't know why russians call it `` independence '' . 
  byzantoman union . 
  and yurop is not allowed  :(, 
  it 's misleading though . 
  people do n't think 51 % when they think `` most '' . 
  that number is what `` half '' is to me . 
  turkey can into eu !, 
  middle eastern islam is a threat even to turkey , think about europe yourself . 
   but is n't islam in that just really similar to christianity before the enlightenment ? 
  that 's the reason why extreme islam is incompatible with all those modern values now . 
  same incompatibility holds true for christianity too but who practices the christianity of dark ages now ? 
  there are secular and moderate muslims who believe in a different version of islam . 
  i 'm living in a country where they are the majority . 
  but those living as immigrants will always get a bad rep because of things like isis . 
  unacceptable they face from the west pushes them to become more conservative . 
  i think islam in the middle east can only evolve like christianity if western world completely stopped intervening and walled them off or something . 
  islam ca n't evolve like this . 
  arbitrarily drawn border lines , exporting democracy from time to time , supporting one extremist to kill the other wo n't work . 
  it will only further devolve islam to a point until all muslims hate the west . 
  yup , personally , no god can stop me from drinking . 
  it 's usually the die-hard muslims that do n't drink around here . 
  everybody has their own version of what `` true islam '' is . 
  deport them all and let them die in their homeland . 
  i do n't see any other solution besides the ones that will damage your own country too . 
  edit : so the comment above me gets upvoted while this gets downvoted ? 
  stop being a politically correct pussy and just say it . 
  you know what will happen to those we deport and yet you support it . 
  it 's understandable . 
  you do n't want your own country getting fucked up just to save some people you do n't even like . 
  i would n't want my country to be flooding with refugees too . 
  but do n't sugarcoat it and hide your perfectly reasonable and selfish ( yet again , selfish and borderline racist ) motivations behind words . 
  the only thing i like about rightists is how they do n't try to justify the shit they say and do . 
  the guy above me sugarcoated it with reasons while i bluntly said it . 
  people can only sympathize with refugees when we hear their stories and see that they are humans , not a number in a migrant ship . 
  having dangerous neighbors and distrust towards other countries . 
  percentages would be higher if the question was `` would you be willing yo fight for your country if isis invades it ? '', 
  people imagined a scenario with this ambiguous question and not all of them were the same . 
  turks probably imagined a scenario where turkey is getting invaded by british , french , italian , greek and maybe middle eastern countries . 
  who is going to attack netherlands ? 
  turkish participants probably imagined a scenerio where they are getting invaded by british , french , italian and greek . 
  we got used to stuff like this . 
  no i voted for al-qaeda . 
  apparently it was n't sternly-worded enough since i did n't hear anything about this in mainstream turkish news . 
  ya ca n't miss an opportunity to go `` fuck da west yeah nationalism '' when stuff like this happens . 
  we are probably too busy tearing each other apart for now . 
  north cyprus is rightful turkish clay but you can take diyarbak\u0131r if you want . 
  edit : i guess the downvote means no . 
  then i offer you to accept greek superiority in baklava-making . 
  baklava is rightful greek dish . 
  here , said it . 
  nothing else can top this offer . 
  oh god i ca n't believe i just said that . 
  i 'm having a nationalistic breakdown, 
  what 's shitty about netherlands ? 
  all my friends would die to leave this place live there . 
  and what makes hungary better in comparison ? 
  corrupt leaders can function in any form of government . 
  they can turn democracies into dictatorships , benevolent dictatorships into kleptocracies , and so on . 
  for some , communism was the dream utopia before there was a country ran by that model . 
  look at how we remember it now . 
  to be honest , i like the system `` technocracy '' is about . 
  but i know corruption will always take root even in highly educated people . 
  i guess it would still be better than uneducated idiots voting in uneducated idiots though . 
  okay mhp is evil and literally hitler . 
  muh personal space !, 
  i dunno , you can usually tell from the way the person you are about the kiss is coming towards you . 
  both persons going for the same direction happens rarely but when it does , it looks really funny . 
  i think i always go for the right cheek though . 
  hdp also has a dirty past but we still welcome them . 
  everybody is celebrating them as the doves of peace . 
  i voted for hdp myself . 
  you ca n't judge people based on what they did years ago . 
  akp voters also talk about how people were stricken with poverty and one-party rule period while criticizing chp . 
  this mentality just leads to a cycle where everyone accuses the other side of being literally hitler . 
  most parties in turkey do n't have really clean histories anyway . 
  there is nobody screaming `` theeeem !, 
  uuuus !, 
  we know beeeest !, 
  israel lobbies ! '', 
  on tv for 2 days . 
  i hope it will carry on . 
  so does hdp . 
  that awkward moment when you are n't sure about doing a handshake or a kiss lol, 
  yeah , those people are really idiots . 
  i would be cringing a lot if i was the mhp leader . 
  people really exaggerate mhp . 
  it 's the first time i 'm hearing about `` turkish purity '' whatever the hell that means . 
  mhp is an incredibly passive party . 
  they just do n't do anything . 
  mhp leader can only be proud of one thing : collecting the violent nationalist plebs from the streets and getting rid of violent nationalists . 
  i think even mhp leader would turn down presidency if it was offered to him on a silver plate . 
  they do n't even deserve the attention they are getting right now . 
   a turkish liberal would be considered a conservative in europe why is that ? 
  we have a weak liberal party here defending things like weed legalization , gender equality , etc.
