  it 's not that all muslims are wrong and genocidial human beings . 
  but when you take all ideals of islam and create a human being that is the personification of it , then you have problems . 
  not all muslims are the embodiment of islam , some are just simple folk trying to get on with their lives . 
  same thing with christianity . 
  christianity went through a reformation period and so europe is n't burning witches and gays and stuff . 
  people say `` then why are n't those moderate muslims protesting extremists and doing marches and whatever ? '', 
  well , they just do n't care that much about religion . 
  that 's why they are moderate . 
  and we would totally be cool with it . 
  dump all your browns on us guys no biggie . 
  it 's not like a syrian kid was found washed up dead on our shores the other day . 
  i guess it was a necessary sacrifice to keep browns out . 
  most informative and accurate post here . 
  busses that cross thrace do n't allow refugees in the bus , but they still walk all those kilometers anyway , or find another way . 
  that 's how they manage to get to edirne . 
  old and sick are n't very successful with the trip , least to say , but you got ta do what you got ta do . 
  turkey basically has 1.5 refugees that are n't in refugee camps wandering around turkey . 
  they are free to do whatever they want . 
  it 's difficult to monitor millions of people . 
  turkey stops them at the border but people without hope have a way to find openings . 
  it 's like they are already dead and wo n't mind a shot to the head . 
  and sea is more difficult to secure . 
  eu card got old . 
  aww , you 're cute . 
  i 'll buy you a life you keep being cute . 
  i would watch it . 
  so pkk has a right to kill people , because we do n't admit our history about armenian genocide ? 
  ca n't really see how that conservation just became `` turks killed armenians hurr durr '' again . 
  this is / r/worldnews level kinda stuff right here . 
  they 'd stop supporting whatever they support once they got here . 
  diaspora nationalists are the worst kind of nationalists . 
  oh god did he say that ? 
  man , i ca n't believe how some people convince themselves and reject anything that conflicts their bias . 
  that information is like one googling away to learn . 
  but i 'm in / r/europe , so ... 
  that 's middle east for you . 
  a place where nobody is right , except if they are getting armed by the west . 
  kurds also have a reputation when you take that guy 's example . 
  they wanted caliphate restored . 
  so let 's all hate them and think they are wrong about anything , no ? 
   you should look at / r/kurdistan , news like these attacks are daily posted there since it happens daily . 
  yeah , the most unbiased source you can get . 
  might as well go to / r/turkey and ask for information about armenian genocide . 
  we all will probably devolve into that after things reach a boiling point, 
  oh it 's one of those diaspora people who speak about nothing but armenian genocide while not even knowing armenian language themselves despite being a nationalist armenian . 
  i 'm speaking to a wall then . 
  ca n't see why you think he is a hardcore leftist though . 
  these folks tend to act leftist but think nationalist . 
  someone else above just brought up armenian genocide to argue that turks must be the wrong guys here . 
   with turkey being the former ottoman empire , who carried out the armenian genocide and still deny it , i kind of assume they 're also on the wrong side of the kurdish dispute . 
  we are automatically wrong all the time with no chance to speak out for ourselves . 
  both sides do it and westerners pick the one they like . 
  yup , i wish we assimilated the kurds here in turkey too . 
  they have n't integrated here either . 
  now interpret that as you will lol, 
  yeah . 
  boy those times were fun . 
  yeah , we would just be murdering each other in the streets rather than supporting short guys with weird mustaches doing that for us . 
  i guess that 's the better option . 
  no surprise . 
  it dropped even in turkey and we are not even in yet . 
  people who wanted to join was 78 % in 2004 and now eu is like a politicians ' rhetoric that stopped being a thing years ago . 
  or it 's like a candy that a rapist would use to drag you to his car . 
  you know , same thing . 
  nowadays ( [ if 2012 was `` nowadays '' which is the date this poll was done , it 's probably worse by now ] ( http://www.turkishnews.com/tr/content/2012/10/01/avrupa-birligi-uyeligine-destek-en-dusuk-seviyede/ ) ) only `` 17 % believe in eu membership '' . 
  real nowadays , eu treatment of greece left some kind of an impression on us . 
  well , at least those who actually follow these things . 
  most who want to join want it because that would mean they 'd get to fuck european chicks without having to deal with visas . 
  if that 's the treatment greece is getting , imagine how they 'll treat a nation they do n't even like . 
  i , for one , support our eu application . 
  because that would mean we would have somewhere to dump those 2m of refugees we just got . 
  merkel told me she was interested . 
  at worst , uk will leave and we wo n't join , and then we 'll form a union of ourselves !, 
  maybe . 
  wow , a guy tries to rape a woman . 
  and the guy is pakistani while the woman is german . 
  there could n't be a more great opportunity to emphasize the nationalities here . 
  moral of the story : do n't use too much tongue when your partner is not very willing at that moment . 
  rapists doing foreplay ... and i thought everyone could do less without it . 
  as long as you support fascist groups in our neighbors ' countries so we can pull a bush and go invade , we are golden brah . 
  do n't do that inside our own border though . 
  the last one was n't funny . 
  i mean it was funny when you could get your neighbor arrested just by reporting him as a commie with no evidence , but that got old . 
  thought police against communism and such other vile ideas is so 20th century . 
  now we do n't even need excuses to arrest people . 
  what an irony . 
  at least we needed some excuses when we were a totally undemocratic coup . 
  actually , we did n't . 
  but at least they made some excuses up even though they did n't have to . 
  hmm , it 's almost like there was absolutely no reason behind that . 
  we just got conqueror-y one day and decided to invade the closest land , because that 's what turks do . 
  that -2 no casus belli stability hit must have hurt . 
  joining eu is not a possibility and never will be , so we wo n't lose anything by withdrawing the application anyway . 
  yeah , at least we 'll have one good ol' civil war before that 's done . 
  then it 's the military coup again . 
  then back to the ages of executing commies and being us ' anti-soviet puppet again . 
  too bad soviets are gone . 
  westerners be like `` if it opposes erdo\u011fan , it 's good enough '' nope . 
  nothing is that black and white . 
  they do it with isis now .
