  pepper gas is a weapon . 
  iron baton is a weapon . 
  satire is n't . 
  fockin ` muricans stole it and named it star wars !, 
   but because of geographical and geopolitical peculiarities , nobody really gives a fuck . 
  fate of all countries that 's not in the middle east . 
  i wonder what kind of shit is going around in africa right now . 
  food with beer ? 
  [ bitch please ] ( https://egeligezginege.files.wordpress.com/2012/12/dusuk_coz_mezeler_18.jpg ), 
  you must be very sick of that shit . 
  i hate the turkey and constantinople jokes that i have heard hundreds of times . 
   the entire japanese obsession in the west ( cartoons , films , games etc etc ) has always struck me as weird and borderline perverse . 
  yeah , a lot of animes and mangas just weird me out but [ maybe western stuff is weird for them too ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/americankirbyishardcore ) . 
  if you take it to extreme , you got 10 year olds with weird hairs and big eyes saving the world on one side and big damn heroes made of pure muscle kicking ass and having testosterone poisoning on the other . 
  germany turks lol . 
  i hate it when they show off with their cars . 
  even taxi drivers drive bmws there . 
  what blueeveryday said . 
  i ride trams almost exclusively . 
  i thought that camel thing was just a joke between turks about the ignorance of the west about turkey , but boy that perception is definitely real . 
   i bet many eastern europeans here could share similar stories about their experiences in france/germany/uk / sweden where they were shown how to operate a power plug , a shower or a fridge , because they presumably have never seen such things in their countries . 
  i do n't think it 's that bad . 
  but yeah , there are idiots in every people . 
  one of the things i missed while i was living in germany for some months was the stray cats running around in cities and being all motherfucking cute . 
  i knew one stray cat in germany and it always ran away from humans . 
  i think that butthurt is a major factor in why turkish people ditched being europeanized in favor of isolationism and neo-ottomanism . 
  that process left a lingering thought in turkish mindset that eu is just being pompous and using eu as a card to force turkey into things . 
  we definitely wanted to join . 
  but nowadays nobody wants it . 
  there was a poll ( which i linked here like ten times and i do n't want to search for it again ) that showed eu ascension support dropped to 17 % in 2012 . 
  it 's not even a topic of discussion in turkey nowadays . 
  i only discuss it here . 
  also some people ( the very small amount of people who follow these kind of things ) are n't happy with the treatment greece is getting . 
  if greece is getting treated like this , imagine how they would treat a nation they do n't like . 
  akp started losing their shit just a few years ago . 
  they were much more subtle back then , and eu was still a dream . 
  being undemocratic has nothing to do with it . 
  i think turkey has no place in eu either , but it 's not because of this . 
  thanks cia !, 
  what is ? 
  i live in turkey and i just learned about this now lol . 
  they can block all they want . 
  off to black sea then !, 
  we got around 3 million syrian and 200,000 kurdish refugees . 
  that 's like half the population in bulgaria lol . 
  i know right ? 
  they all need to cool down and accept the glorious turkish food as superior masterfood . 
  it 's just a type of dance here ... 
  this clusterfuck of cultures is getting interesting . 
  anybody have more meanings for it ? 
  yeah !, 
  look at what you 've done !, 
  look at what you made me do ! ^ b\u00f6rek, 
  traveled through the balkans and ate famous turkish yogurt ? 
  eat that glorious turkish yogurt in turkey and you 'll see the difference !, 
  when it 's a cruel torturer that kills ottomans , badass warrior . 
  when it 's ottoman invasion , evil turks . 
  i can do this perspective switches all night lol . ^ hue, 
  it sounds more like `` when it 's bloody invasions and conquering , turks did it . 
  when it 's the food they brought , it originated from balkans ! '', 
  to our perspective . ^ b\u00f6rek yogurt comes from yo\u011furmak and d\u00fcr\u00fcm from d\u00fcrmek ( to roll ) by the way . 
  you are worst gyro remuv uzo , install raki, 
  every country , especially our allies , want us destroyed . 
  something bad happened ? 
  it 's obviously because of illuminati mason jews or imperialist americans or some other shit . 
  i think turks would be less angry at eu countries if they declared war rather than rejecting turkey lel . 
  edit : there is also `` europe and usa supports pkk , dhkp-c and several other terrorist organizations in turkey '' also `` we have hidden oil and boron mineral reserves in turkey but usa stops us from uncovering it '' . 
  some guy who was about to give a presentation on the matter died just before it , and it did n't do much to increase the paranoia . 
   protip : i do not set british foreign policy . 
  you 're being the equivalent of that cunt in every thread who latches onto the first american to post and goes `` oh yeah well what about iraq '' when the guy was trying to talk about copyright law or beer or something . 
  that 's just how every discussion happens . 
  i get the armenian genocide card thrown at my face all the time . 
  it 's stupid that people act like everyone here is like an ambassador from their country but that 's the way it is . 
  but western european flairs get this treatment much less . 
  turkey benefited from the eu influence and eu used an illusion of possible ascension to keep turkey close . 
  i think it worked as it was intended . 
  of course , it 's only a decade or two until people wake up to it . 
  i 'm surprised turkey was n't more butthurt about it tbh . 
  it should have been higher than 58 % . 
  i remember the reaction it created when sarkozy said turkey does n't belong in europe , but belongs in middle east . 
  he created a big part of the stereotype about pompous and holier-than-thou europeans that seems to be a thing nowadays . 
  i guess we accepted that we belong in middle east too so people ditched the work towards being europeanized in favor of `` turkey stronk and need no eu '' style neo-ottomanism lol . 
  yeah , it 's not even a discussion in turkey anymore . 
  i thought it was n't in europe either . 
   ( with the exception of istanbul ) the majority of people are bulgarian or greeks . 
  man , i 'm going to tell about this to my thracian friends just to see their reaction lol . 
  do you think i 'm trying to prove turkey is european or something here ? 
  of course it 's not european !, 
  turkey is a muslim country how the hell it 's going to be european ? 
  but saying \u0130stanbul is european cuz greeks and bulgarians is just stupid . 
  i 'm from \u0130stanbul , and i think \u0130zmir is more european than \u0130stanbul . 
  dat hair . 
   with the ezception of istanbul it s more bulgarians and greeks . 
  just shut up . 
  you are making an idiot of yourself . 
  i do n't think turkey is european either but this is ridiculous . 
  there are more kurds in \u0130stanbul than bulgarians . 
   edit : also many of the people living in the european , part of turkey are ethnically bulgarians and greek that 's some high grade bullshit right there . 
  do you know how many immigrants \u0130stanbul takes from other provinces of turkey ? 
  and even if they were not turkish , would that constitute a removal of turkey related news in / r/europe ?
