  you voted ( or had the chance to vote ) in the elections of the european parliament in 2014 , which determined both your meps and the commission president . 
  you voted ( or had the chance to vote ) in your national elections for your legislature , which elected the cabinet whose ministers represent your country on the council of the european union . 
  the main problem is that the media in most countries do not report on eu legislation until it is too late for input ; this creates the impression that you 've been bypassed completely . 
  in reality , the legislation went through [ multiple readings ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/oeil/popups/ficheprocedure.do?lang=en&amp;reference=2013/0309%28cod%29 ) in both the european parliament and the council of the eu over the course of two years . 
  the underlying regulation ( eu ) 2015/2120 was passed by the european parliament and the council of the eu , with amendments from both bodies . 
  this is now about the implementation decisions that the regulation delegated to berec . 
  i 'm really not sure what legislative initiative would change here ; the european parliament did participate in the legislation and voted for the regulation . 
   junker is the only man who has legislative initiative in the entire eu . 
  he is the executive and legislative at the same time . 
  the question of legislative initiative is an interesting one . 
  note , by the way , that proposing legislation does not make you the legislature ; executives around the world propose legislation without being considered legislatures . 
  the issue at hand is that the european parliament has only * indirect * power to initiate legislation via article 225 tfeu , according to which it can request specific legislation from the commission . 
  the commission then has to either produce a proposal or explain its reasons to the european parliament why it can not or does not want to do so . 
  while this gives the commission early veto power ( as opposed to the late veto of , say , the us president ) , it has much less impact in practice , because the lisbon treaty greatly strengthened the power of the european parliament vis-\u00e0-vis the commission . 
  since lisbon , the commission is dependent upon the european parliament for virtually all legislation ; if the european parliament does not agree with the reasons of the commission and the commission still refuses , the parliament can block all commission legislation until the commission complies or , in the worst case , remove a recalcitrant commission from office via a motion of censure ( article 234 tfeu ) . 
  the council of the eu as the upper chamber of the legislature has similar powers ( via article 241 tfeu , which mirrors article 225 ) , except that it can not remove the commission from office . 
  the practical result , as found by [ this study ] ( http://www.delorsinstitute.eu/011-3068-the-power-of-initiative-of-the-european-commission-a-progressive-erosion.html ) ( `` the power of initiative of the european commission : a progressive erosion ? 
  '' ) , has been the following :  to conclude , the increasing importance of the codecision procedure and the political influence of the european council , have undoubtedly pushed the commission 's main role more and more from that of a powerful initiator to that of an `` honest broker '' , on the one hand , and from that of an autonomous initiator to that of a reactive initiator , and on the other . 
  constraints on legislative initiative generally have only limited effect . 
  for example , the [ origination clause ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/origination_clause ) in the us constitution says that all bills raising revenue must originate in the house of representatives ; in practice , if the senate wishes to initiate such a bill , it just takes an existing bill from the house and amends it wholesale with new contents ; the european parliament has used similar approaches in the past , such as tacking legislation on to the budget as an amendment . 
  this is why i 'm not particularly worried about legislative initiative . 
  i would prefer it if the whole process got cleaned up in the next iteration of the treaties , but there are bigger issues . 
  for example , i am not very fond of article 294 ( 9 ) tfeu , which gives the commission too much power over the amendment process . 
  `` so , kids , let me tell you the story of the dog who caught the car . '', 
  the dispute was over the process , not the person . 
  the uk and hungary wanted the commission president chosen based on the consensus of the european council ( the collective heads of state and government ) . 
  the remaining member states stuck with the [ `` spitzenkandidat '' process ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/president_of_the_european_commission#spitzenkandidaten ) , where they would nominate the `` spitzenkandidat '' ( i.e. 
  the candidate put forward by each party for the office of commission president ) of the party that had won the ep elections , and which had been advertised to voters accordingly . 
  that person was juncker , the `` spitzenkandidat '' who had been [ elected by the epp during its election congress ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean-claude_juncker#primary_election ) . 
  in short , this was about whether the candidate for commission president was to be the choice of the european council or the choice of the voters . 
  this is actually a hugely complicated question . 
  first , scotland would most likely be bound by the stability and growth pact . 
  the uk is currently exempt from it , but scotland most likely would n't be able to retain this opt-out during negotiations . 
  this limits the deficit scotland would be allowed to have . 
  second , keep in mind that the scottish government has essentially no borrowing power ( it recently got the power to borrow a small amount of money , but that is negligible in the overall scheme of things ) . 
  nearly half of scottish spending is not devolved , and the scottish government has no say in the amount of spending it can do ( other than through raising taxes , which currently would probably do more harm than help ) . 
  there are various deficit-reducing adjustments that do n't involve either unpopular cuts or tax hikes that scotland could make if it had full power over the budget that it ca n't make now ; while they would overall be relatively minor , they 'd still improve the deficit situation . 
  third , and most importantly , we have to consider how the brexit scenario affects the economic reality . 
  scotland would very likely have to raise taxes or institute cuts , but it would also escape the english diy recession ; many businesses and individuals would likely move to scotland in order to retain access to the eu and not be caught in the economic downturn that england is likely to experience . 
  even though the economic parameters are wildly unpredictable , this is the major difference between the current situation and the previous independence referendum ; cuts or tax hikes that would have been unpalatable a couple of years ago might suddenly be the lesser evil , especially when combined with a genuine chance at growth by benefiting from england 's self-inflicted wound . 
  fourth , with having full fiscal control over the budget and borrowing power , other things change as well . 
  for example , the scottish government has long been interested in having its own development bank , following the model of germany 's kfw and spain 's ico . 
  a development bank allows for deficit-neutral public investment in a number of areas ( for example , without kfw , germany 's debt/gdp ratio would likely be 15-20 percentage points higher ) . 
  while it is no full substitute for public spending , it can reasonably complement it ; the catch is that you need full borrowing power for a development bank , which scotland did n't have so far , which is why the scottish government had shelved earlier plans to create a development bank . 
  this would obviously change . 
  all that said , there are way too many imponderables to even try to predict how things would play out ; but likewise , you can not simply extrapolate from the current situation . 
  i 'd be more concerned with the sheer complexity involved in disentangling two economies that are so deeply interconnected , a task that would not be made easier by the fact that much of the civil service would already be tied up in brexit-related paperwork . 
   almost all ministers in europe are elected representatives . 
  so are the european commissioners . 
  they are all elected by the european parliament . 
  well , this particular american has dual us-german citizenship and a british husband ; this is a bit personal for me , too . 
   appointed , not elected by the public . 
  in fact never he has been elected by the public for any office and yet is the most powerful uk rep in the eu . 
  elected by the european parliament ( see link above ) . 
  i ca n't think of any government anywhere in the world right now where ministers are * directly * elected by the public , if you mean that . 
  cabinet elections , where they occur , are done by the legislature . 
   did you know for example that the minister of taxation in the eu is a former member of the trotskyist group the revolutionary communist party . 
  you mean pierre moscovici , the commissioner for economic and financial affairs , taxation and customs ? 
  yes , i knew that about him , but he left that party over 30 years ago , as i recall . 
   did you vote for him ? 
  no , and i challenge you again to name a single minister in the eu that is directly elected by the public ; i 'm talking about indirect elections here , of course , as is the norm in a parliamentary democracy . 
  i did watch his confirmation hearing where he was grilled by the european parliament . 
  note that neither the british prime minister nor the cabinet of the uk are elected , not even indirectly . 
  the pm is appointed by the queen ; the other ministers are appointed and can be dismissed at the pleasure of the queen on advice of the pm . 
  significantly less democratic legitimacy than the european commission ; heck , the current pm 's majority in the commons is not even backed by a majority of voters . 
  okay , let 's explain this from the start . 
  every country pays a fixed percentage of gdp , agreed upon in the multiannual financial framework , which is currently set at 1.0 % of gdp . 
  subtracting the uk 's rebate and what the eu gives to the uk , the uk 's actual net contribution is a fraction of a percent of gdp . 
  what the uk gets out of this is access to the single market . 
  every economist will tell you that this is a bargain , because the direct economic benefit and increased growth you get out of it is already worth more than that ( especially as the uk is not constrained by euro rules or the stability and growth pact ) . 
  and even the money that goes to the poorer eu countries helps grow their economies , which makes them stronger trading partners , which in turn also helps the uk indirectly , because they can buy more goods and services and will preferentially do that within the eu due to the absence of trade barriers . 
  that the uk risks throwing away this economic advantage because of some penny-wise , pound-foolish thinking boggles the mind . 
  if the uk wants to retain access to the single market , this fee will not go away ( eea/efta countries also pay for the privilege ) ; depending on the level of access the british government negotiates during the article 50 process , it may be lower , but the access to the single market would also be more restricted . 
  this means there is no room for a net gain here , only a net loss ( the eu will not give the uk more preferential treatment than eu/eea conditions ) . 
  the money that you `` save '' by not paying the fee would be outweighed by the economic cost of not having eu/eea-level access to the single market . 
  finally , the eu has historically been better than the british government at the whole redistribution thing ; i 'm not trying to diss the british government here , i am simply pointing out that the uk has the [ highest income inequality in the eu ] ( https://data.oecd.org/inequality/income-inequality.htm ) . 
  and the eu 's spending goes preferentially to structurally weak regions , of which the uk has a lot , because so much of the economy is centralized in london . 
  now , maybe the british government will become better at supporting structurally weak regions in the future , but if i had been a voter in one of them , i would n't have bet on it . 
  the agreement [ had a self-destruct clause from the start ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2016/02/20/brexit-deal-what-s-been-agreed/ ) ; i.e. 
  it was to automatically become void should the uk vote to leave . 
   answer : uk 's most powerful man in the eu . 
  ( and he has never ever been elected by the public for anything ) false . 
  he underwent a [ confirmation hearing ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/hearings-2014/en/schedule/07-10-2014/jonathan-hill ) in the european parliament ; the european parliament then [ elected ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-14-1192_en.htm ) the juncker commission -- including him -- with 423 votes in favour , 209 against and 67 abstentions . 
  it 's not quite that bad , because you can probably cover 90 % of the uk 's trade partners -- by volume -- with just a handful of agreements . 
  but it 's probably still not going to be an enjoyable experience . 
  i think you parsed that statement wrong . 
  he was talking about a law professor i linked , not me being a law professor ( which i 'm not ) . 
  honestly , watch [ michael dougan 's talk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ustypbked8y ) ( transcript [ here ] ( https://news.liverpool.ac.uk/2016/06/22/transcript-professor-michael-dougan-eu-referendum/ ) ) . 
  it should give you a good idea of the complexities involved . 
  yes , 10 years is an absolutely normal timeframe for such an agreement . 
   one of the interesting things about the banks that looked at leaving london over the referendum , is that they were n't looking to go to frankfurt or paris , they were looking to go to new york and hong kong ... 
  the law , regulation , language and so on are all components of what makes london attractive after all . 
  for 24h trading , having a financial center in the us and asia is not enough ; you also need one in a european timezone . 
  the thing is that lack of passporting puts london at a competitive disadvantage with other european financial centers . 
  there 's nothing magical about london as a financial center . 
  it 's a combination of language , history , favorable regulations , and unfettered access to the eu market . 
  a claim that there 's something specific about london that would negate removing one of the major reasons to be there in the first place -- especially for a highly mobile industry -- needs better support , especially when the economic consensus appears to be that this would lead to at least a partial exodus and polls within the city massively favor `` remain '' . 
  first , the members of the council * are * democratically elected and accountable , namely to the voters of the individual member states , who can replace them through elections . 
  they are not directly elected , but neither is the us president , or the german chancellor , or the british prime minister . 
  that does not make their governments undemocratic .
