  granted i 'm iving in berlin so it 's extreme but it seems to be fairly non-discrete in most places . 
  i would 've thought that would be quite a serious thing to be in possession of amphetamines ? 
  it is a bit complicated , but cases involving the possession of small amounts of drugs for personal use and absent aggravating circumstances are generally dismissed or diverted [ under \u00a7 153 / \u00a7 153a stpo ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stpo/englisch_stpo.html#p1230 ) . 
  the exact limit up to which dismissal/diversion is possible varies by state . 
   is this seriously how fines are determined in germany by days `` income '' or is there more i 'm missing ? 
  yes , this is how it works . 
  it 's actually pretty common in continental european countries . 
   well , no , it 's is not ( only ) the californian university law . 
  it 's many cases i see every year in the news , in which people which i believe have done nothing wrong , are convicted . 
  and this must be prevented , if this leaves some wrong-doers going scot-free - that 's sad , but the state punishing `` innocent '' people is much much worse . 
  references , please . 
  conviction generally requires that a jury of twelve us citizens can be convinced beyond a reasonable doubt ( unless you 're talking about plea bargaining , which is a very nasty problem , but also totally unrelated to sexual offenses ) . 
   well , here there need to be some degree of resistance to show this or a threat . 
  but some of the cases in the study are also not covered by british law ( like you describe it ) - or is a simple no , which is contradicted by acts done at the same time clearly enough as evidence for not reasonably believing in the consent ? 
  which case are you talking about ? 
  the ones i saw in the study were the kind where the victims said no and their rejection was overcome by threats or violence , which is not compatible with a reasonable belief of consent . 
   i read over it - in some cases i think the judges were wrong , in some the law , but there are also some , in which i just think there ca n't be a law , which will not also aim at innocent people or lead to arbitrary decisions . 
  to protect the innocent , you have to prove guilt `` beyond a reasonable doubt '' . 
  not to put too fine a point of it , but there have been multiple miscarriages of justice in germany despite this , simply because the courts seemingly did n't understand this basic concept ( such as in the horst arnold case ) . 
  the physical resistance requirement does n't do a damn thing here . 
  `` i tried to push him away '' works the exact same way as testimony as `` i asked him to stop , but he would n't listen '' does ( in fact , it 's more likely that you 'll have a witness to any verbal resistance who may not have seen , but overheard the crime and can corroborate your story ) . 
  the only thing that the resistance standard does is to create a loophole that rapists can exploit because the threshold for a victim to offer physical instead of verbal resistance is higher and can be raised through threats and fear . 
  it is a standard that protects the guilty . 
  in general , you are confusing burden of proof and elements of the crime , which are n't one and the same thing . 
  you do n't say that just because petty theft is difficult to prove ( with its notoriously low clearance rate ) that theft should only be a crime if something expensive or important has been stolen . 
  yes , proof beyond a reasonable doubt in he-said-she-said rape cases means that the perp will often get away ( but they 're often also repeat offenders , and that will often lead to eventual conviction or deterrence ) , but at least you 've still got an element of deterrence that you do n't have at the moment , and when you do have evidence ( such as in cologne ) , you * can * obtain convictions beyond a reasonable doubt . 
  germany 's rape law is the way it is because it 's essentially been unchanged [ since the 19th century ] ( http://lexetius.com/stgb/177,7 ) with its weird perception of sexuality ; and it 's interpreted the way it is because the prosecutors and courts still argue the same way the reichsgericht did back in the day . 
   no , there is nothing written about a prosecution at all . 
  then what did she pay all the money for ? 
  in any event , my point was that the guy apparently did n't commit a criminal offense even though he touched her inappropriately . 
   it is up to one year , for cases including some stronger bodily discomfort ( t\u00e4tliche beleidigung ) two years . 
  and you know as well as i that this is a rather theoretical maximum that is rarely reached . 
   according to some verdicts i read and if i understood them correctly , it is today generally enough , if it was known , it does n't have to be the intention to insult , it is enough if the perpetrator knows that it 'll violate the honor of the victim / insult . 
  my point is that this is a workaround , a hack , because germany lacks a proper law for sexual assault . 
   most non-censensual sexual acts are still crimes in germany - just not as sexual offences . 
  i think that 's a good solution , for some cases we need the laws to change a bit , but the idea of consent like in the us is pretty weird for me ( in particular if it is not based on explicit non-consent , but explicit consent ) , and a sexualized law system also . 
  that 's probably because you have only a partial understanding formed from clickbaity articles . 
  for example , california 's `` yes means yes '' law -- which you probably mean by explicit consent -- is not part of the state 's criminal code , but an attempt to regulate campus life ( it 's still a problematic law , but it has nothing to do with criminal offenses ) . 
  plus , there are 50 states and as many criminal codes . 
  if you want something simpler , take british law , which is also consent based . 
  the standard there is that ( 1 ) the victim did not consent and ( 2 ) the offender did not reasonably believe the victim was consenting . 
  as always , this has to be proven beyond a reasonable doubt . 
  conversely , in germany , rapists ( well , people who would be rapists in other jurisdictions and who most normal people would consider to be rapists ) often get away . 
  and while in america , `` no means no '' , in germany , even an explicit `` no , i do n't want to have sex '' has pretty much no power under the law . 
  unlike many other countries , german law does n't have a consent-based standard for sexual offenses . 
  this means that a lot of nonconsensual sexual acts are not criminal offenses at all under german law unless minors or other dependents are involved . 
  sexual coercion/rape requires either ( 1 ) the use of force , ( 2 ) threats to life or limb , or ( 3 ) exploiting helplessness . 
  the courts have always construed these criteria narrowly ; offenders are frequently acquitted because the victim did n't physically resist or did n't resist enough . 
  there are other cases where the courts have ruled that victims were n't helpless , because they could have shouted for help , even though they were too afraid of their attackers to do that . 
  prosecuting somebody for an `` insult '' is a fallback solution , and often does n't work ( for starters , the nonconsensual behavior must have been intended to be insulting or demeaning , which often does n't work , for example when attackers act because they are attracted to their victims ) . 
  even if it can be prosecuted as such , the available penalties for insults are rather limited . 
  for example , there 's currently a discussion on / r/de about a case where a guy at the oktoberfest in munich touched an american woman under her skirt ; in response , she hit him in the head with her stein , and in the end , she was prosecuted for an aggravated case of battery , while he went scot-free . 
  the current governing coalition actually had a law planned and drafted to address this issue ; however , the conservatives have resisted its implementation so far . 
  this is not necessarily a problem . 
  in the end , all that matters is whether a country can produce all the goods and services it needs ; money is the tool that is being used to distribute those goods and services . 
  the tax system of the future might look a bit strange to our eyes ( for example , we may be moving towards the progressive consumption tax that many economists favor instead of the traditional system of taxing incomes and finance retirement in part or whole of out that ) , but there 's no reason why qol should go anywhere but up or that retirees would starve ( assuming we do n't manage to kill our planet in the meantime ) . 
  the bigger problem is that using money as an incentive for labor might be a problem in a future with an increasing amount of automation . 
  if , hypothetically , 90 % of our goods and services were provided by robots , who would you pay for what ? 
  how would you keep money flowing in the economy ? 
  ( remember that gdp measures cash flow , not wealth . ), 
  it is really difficult to predict what a post-scarcity economy would look like . 
  one thing that makes a huge difference is whether you have children . 
  having children can be freakishly expensive in the us , either in terms of money , opportunity cost , or both . 
  the more social-democratic european countries ( which is n't all of them , mind you ) tend to heavily defray child-related costs . 
  america is pretty grand if you are young , educated , childless , and have no debt ( which is why you see plenty of young college-educated europeans move there ; especially as they can get salaries that assume that you have a ton of student debt to pay off without having any ) . 
  it is n't so grand anymore when you pay half a person 's income for daycare . 
  per child . 
  actually , wait times in the us [ are fairly middle of the road ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/06/sunday-review/long-waits-for-doctors-appointments-have-become-the-norm.html ) compared to other countries . 
  for low-income people on bronze plans with high deductibles , treatment is often still difficult to afford , which means they may have to add `` until i get my next paycheck '' to their wait times . 
  plus , you have to deal with networking restrictions , something that does n't really exist in any other country i know . 
  insurers generally negotiate contracts only with a subset of the available doctors and hospitals ( and especially for the more affordable plans , that network can be very limited ) . 
  out of network , you are often stuck with considerable out-of-pocket costs . 
  do n't get me wrong , the ppaca is so much better than what we had before , but it 's still not the same as actually having universal healthcare . 
  am american , have lived in the uk ( scotland ) and germany . 
   * how much do prescriptions cost ? 
  nothing in scotland , usually a few euro of copay in germany ( except for children ) . 
  this is for the drugs , the actual prescription is free . 
   * do doctors treat you well ? 
  yes . 
  german doctors tend to be a bit busier despite a much higher physician density in germany , but that 's because germans go see their doctors a lot more often than americans and brits do . 
   * is universal healthcare worth the higher taxes you pay ? 
  combined health insurance and out-of-pocket costs are actually lower than in the us ( on average , this can vary greatly for each individual ) . 
   * if you have had experience with universal healthcare and the current united states healthcare system , how would you compare them ? 
  before the ppaca , i would have gone to great lengths to avoid dealing with the us healthcare system ever again [ 1 ] . 
  at the moment , i 'm still not enthusiastic about it , but it 's not something that would keep me from going back ( but that 's because at our level of income , we could avoid dealing with most of the problems many other americans have to put up with ) . 
  [ 1 ] it was n't about the actual care i could get -- outside of the crappy er experience that 's common in america , american healthcare is mostly pretty darn good -- , but about the economic and organizational problems of the old health insurance system . 
  it depends on the city . 
  student drivers are more common in municipalities that do not have a cap on taxi licenses and relatively high demand ( such as berlin ) . 
  these days , they are also getting more and more displaced by immigrants , and the job centers also see cab driving as a quick way of getting hartz iv recipients back into the labor force ( since it only takes a few weeks of retraining and a negligible amount of money ) . 
  you 're not running a charity . 
  you 're paying the market rate ( modulo statutory minimum wage , the cost of complying with safety regulations , etc. ) . 
  most people underestimate how expensive labor is ( even at minimum wage level , once you add in the non-wage expenses , tools , etc. ) . 
  using a taxi is ( aside from hiring a plumber or lawyer ) one of the few occasions where the average person has another person working for them exclusively . 
  if you want cheap , use public transport ( where the cost of labor is split among many more passengers ) . 
   drivers earn more via uber . 
  no , [ not really ] ( http://uberdriverdiaries.com/how-much-do-uber-drivers-really-make/ ) . 
  german taxi drivers generally already earn only minimum wage or little more . 
  uber can be cheaper only by being freeloaders ( e.g. 
  by relying on their drivers ' regular employers to pay their health insurance and pension contributions ) . 
  undercutting commodity services can rarely be done other than through exploitative behavior .
