  france and germany were actually more skeptical . 
  this is why the attitude of continental europe is more like : `` you made your bed ; your voters may not remember , but we do . '', 
  you already need id for employment or to draw benefits . 
  example : when i was working in the uk , they needed to see my passport ( and actually made a photocopy ) to comply with labor regulations ( if my flair confuses you , i have dual us/german citizenship and thus eu citizenship ) . 
  the [ qualification directive ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=celex:32004l0083:en:html ) grants subsidiary protection per article 18 in conjunction with article 15 ( c ) for people fleeing from civil war who are not otherwise persecuted ( note that in the case of syria , people can easily be both victims of the civil war and of political or religious persecution ; neither assad nor daesh are known for their love of fundamental human rights ) . 
  it is a consequence of the principle of non-refoulement , which is both part of the convention relating to the status of refugees and customary international law . 
  keep in mind that when you grant them citizenship , you 're also responsible for them . 
  freedom of movement within the eu is contingent upon people being able to support themselves ; if they ca n't do that , they can be sent back to their country of citizenship . 
  the thing is , that 's part of freedom of movement . 
  to [ wit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_movement_for_workers_in_the_european_union ) , per article 45 tfeu :  1 . 
  freedom of movement for workers shall be secured within the community . 
  such freedom of movement shall entail the ** abolition of any discrimination based on nationality between workers of the member states as regards employment , remuneration and other conditions of work and employment ** . 
  it shall entail the right , subject to limitations justified on grounds of public policy , public security or public health : ( a ) to accept offers of employment actually made ; ( b ) to move freely within the territory of member states for this purpose ; ( c ) to stay in a member state for the purpose of employment in accordance with the provisions governing the employment of nationals of that state laid down by law , regulation or administrative action ; ( d ) to remain in the territory of a member state after having been employed in that state , subject to conditions which shall be embodied in implementing regulations to be drawn up by the commission . 
  the provisions of this article shall not apply to employment in the public service . 
  subsidizing employment for nationals but not for citizens of other member states just is n't compatible with that and would require a treaty change . 
  it 's also a treaty change that 's unlikely to happen because it flies in the face of everything the single market has been about ever since the treaty of rome . 
  discrimination based on citizenship is a form of protectionism . 
  this is also why the rest of the eu is so hardnosed here . 
  the above article was part the treaty of rome , verbatim for paragraphs 2-4 , back in 1957 . 
  the uk can not reasonably claim that it did n't know what it was getting into when it signed up . 
  freedom of movement is contingent upon eu citizenship , per article 20 ( 2 ) ( a ) tfeu . 
  so , only if and when they get eu citizenship by way of obtaining citizenship in a member state . 
  no , it 's not . 
  keep in mind that the entire eu budget is not very large compared to the national budgets . 
   `` a new `` red card '' system to bring power back from brussels to britain . 
  this would give groups of national parliaments the power to stop unwanted directives being handed down and to scrap existing eu laws . '', 
  if the red card system is supposed to work like the existing yellow card system , i honestly ca n't see what it would accomplish for the uk that the supermajority requirement in the council of the eu does n't already do . 
  almost all eu governments are parliamentary democracies , so it 's rare to have a difference of opinion between legislature and executive , especially in the uk . 
  if you can find 1/3 of national parliaments that disagree with eu legislation , you can probably already block it in the council ( unless they 're all among the smallest member states or if there happen to be a lot of splits in bicameral legislatures ) . 
   the uk is the 3rd largest contributor to the eu budget . 
  uk net contributions still account for less than 10 % of the eu budget . 
  by itself that 's not a whole lot of bargaining power in negotiations compared to what cameron is asking for . 
   is there no better way to stimulate the economy other than giving money to people from outside the country so that they can spend them locally ? 
  there could be , but ( 1 ) sch\u00e4uble is hell-bent on a balanced budget and ( 2 ) it 's not like there 's a choice here ? 
  this * has * to be paid for already , so it 's not a question of whether there 's a better option . 
   increasing tax-free personal allowance , has a lesser multiplier effect than welfare benefits ( see : marginal propensity to consume ) . 
   decreasing communal tax or health care insurance ( please have a look at donvito 's post above ) i have , and his explanation of the german tax system is ... incomplete . 
  for starters , what he seems to be talking about when he mentions a `` communal tax '' seems to be the municipal business tax ( gewerbesteuer ) , which is part of the corporate taxation system in germany . 
  the tax rate for this tax is 3.5 % times a multiplier and is paid on business profits ( minus an exemption of $ 24.5 k ) . 
  the multiplier is set by the municipality and typically ranges from 200 % ( out in the sticks ) to the high 400 percentages ( 490 % in munich ) . 
  up to a multiplier of 380 % , this can be counted against the income tax liability of a sole proprietor etc. 
  this is not going to change because ( 1 ) businesses operating in big cities benefit from them and ( 2 ) germany wants an incentive for business to operate outside urban areas . 
  you can save a fair amount of taxes as a business by operating in a smaller city , town , or village , and that 's intentional . 
  that said , even in munich ( with a municipal business tax rate of 17.15 % on profits exceeding $ 24,5000 ) the difference should amount to less than 4 % of your profits . 
  if he 's paying 40 % in income tax ( and not a 40 % marginal tax rate ) , then he 's earning more than $ 200k before taxes . 
  top 1 % . 
  sorry , that 's progressive taxation for you . 
  if it 's a 40 % marginal tax rate , then he 's not actually paying 40 % income tax , of course . 
  if he 's self-employed , he 's probably using private health insurance , which the government ca n't really do anything about ( other than regulate it ) . 
  health insurance reform in germany is a far more complicated topic . 
  also , what i said above about a lesser multiplier effect . 
   providing funding for students studying in-demand courses are only some of the ideas . 
  universities in germany are already tuition-free and being a student in germany is generally heavily subsidized ( varies by state and even university ) . 
  you could at best make the loan portion of baf\u00f6g a grant ( or part of it ) , but that may have unwanted effects . 
   i 'd imagine that in germany , as in many other countries , for people being in lower marginal income tax rate these are the real issues as they spend significant amount of their lives earning not extra-spending , but living wages . 
  sure , but that 's not him . 
  also , cash transfers for low-income families are a complicated story . 
  for example , tax credits such as the eitc ( us ) or the working tax credit ( uk ) run the risk of becoming essentially corporate subsidies , with wages going down to account for tax credit benefits [ 1 ] . 
  germany has traditionally bet on strong unions and on encouraging collective bargaining to ensure that wages are competitive . 
   it is more a deduction derived from my own observations of parts of london , paris and munich that are inhabitet by non-european migrants from africa and middle east . 
  especially in london and paris , not many middle class white europeans supporting full cultural equality decide to live in these areas . 
  gentrification and ghettoization are a different story and not necessarily related to immigration or refugees ( for example , you can see these effects in america , including the poor white areas in appalachia or urban ohio ) . 
  it 's a complicated story , and for the most part more the result of economic inequality and racism than anything else . 
  more importantly , you were talking about funding a `` sub-society with contrasting values '' , which is simply not what 's going on here . 
  gentrification and ghettoization may still happen , but the actual policy that is being funded is an active attempt at the prevention of ( self - ) segregation . 
  [ 1 ] the analysis is somewhat complicated by the fact that the eitc depends both on your income and the number of children you have , if any . 
   is n't it demotivating for germans who work and pay ( already quite high ) taxes and welfare ? 
  as somebody who is living in germany and paying taxes at the top marginal income tax rate ; no , not really . 
  but then i made sure to understand the system first . 
  hartz iv is a guaranteed minimum income scheme . 
  gmi schemes are generally cheap and only account for a small fraction of welfare spending . 
  the estimated cost for 1 million refugees on hartz iv is around $ 12 billion . 
  while this may sound like a lot , compared to $ 1.3 * trillion * of overall public spending , it 's a drop in a bucket . 
  on top of that , most of that money will be spent and taxed again immediately , so the net increase in public spending is actually less . 
  given that germany already has a trade surplus that is too high and needs higher internal consumption , this really is a nothingburger . 
  current economic predictions see the economy actually growing a bit more this year and the next as a result of increased spending ( mind you , only a few tenths of a percent of extra gdp growth , but still nothing to sneeze at ) . 
  actual concerns revolve around the logistics of dealing with that many refugees ( housing , schools , healthcare , tertiary education , integration courses ) . 
  not so much because of the costs involved , but because of the resulting bottlenecks . 
   but is n't it pushed to the point that one works to fund sub-society with contrasting values ? 
  assumes facts not in evidence . 
  [ they do . 
   it did . 
  hungary had not to register and process asylum seekers any longer and that had the effect to `` open a corridor '' straith from outer europe into germany passing hungary , austria . 
  factually false ( that 's a theme with you ) . 
  nowhere did germany 's action to not pursue dublin proceedings affect hungary 's duties to register and deal with asylum seekers ( leaving aside that it was becoming a logistic impossibility ) . 
  a country can always voluntarily choose to process asylum seekers and not to send them back to the country of entry , which is what germany did . 
  nowhere does that remove the obligations of other countries to adhere to dublin ( germany does not even have the power to do that unilaterally ) . 
   nice try counting all borders of germany and comparing with part of a border between teo countries . 
  that 's why i specifically noted that the border between germany and austria alone is over 800 km long , and the same goes for the german/czech border . 
  stop lying . 
   various scenarios possible . 
  it could be done like it is done at airports since ages . 
  asylum-claim is processed dirrct at the airport before entering . 
  the latest suggesrion from officials herr goes straith into that direction . 
  have stateless areas , aply fast verification of asylum-claims before even allowed to enter . 
  and that would make exactly what kind of difference , other than you 'd have to house asylum seekers on the german/austrian border ( where there is a lack of room for this many ) ? 
  nothing would change ; all would still have to be processed , some would be accepted , some would be rejected . 
  you 're still stuck with integrating the successful asylum seekers and deporting the rest . 
  no difference , except that you 're trying to house hundreds of thousands of people at the german/austrian border in the meantime . 
   there are a few more related doings .
