  old policies did n't work anymore and the search for new ones began , but different countries experimented with different ideas . 
  third , this was not necessarily harmful : just as too much current policymaking is about corporate welfare , in many countries the 1980s were preceded by a period of excessive state control of the economy [ 1 ] . 
  conversely , i 'd argue that any prosperous country needs a good balance of * social * and * liberal * policies . 
  and i do n't mean liberal in the american sense , but to refer to what 's often derogatorily called * neoliberal * policies , i.e. 
  the free market . 
  the liberal part is to make sure that the economy grows , the social part is to make sure that everybody gets their fair share and nobody has to be poor . 
  the biggest problems lie with policies that are neither . 
  examples : * welfare-to-work policies that rely on harsh sanctions . 
  these policies strip a good part of the labor force of their bargaining power , which in the end depresses real wages not just for the unemployed , but for everybody , due to an oversupply of cheap labor . 
  this is not to say that you can not couple unemployment benefits with sanctions , but those sanctions should not measurably affect the power of an employee to negotiate their salary . 
  this effect * can * be mitigated by a high statutory minimum wage or strong unions that compensate for the individual 's reduced bargaining power with their own . 
  such policies also tend to create in-work poverty requiring government subsidies . 
  * cutting progressive rather than regressive taxes . 
  this is a neat trick that conservatives in many countries like to play on voters , without saying that the net effect is that -- combined with the necessary reduction in transfers -- the usual outcome is a reduced purchasing power for the lower income brackets ( which is often the majority of the electorate ) . 
  because people in the lower income brackets have a higher marginal propensity to consume ( and people in the higher income brackets have a higher marginal propensity to save ) , this can have negative effects on consumption and economic growth . 
  [ 1 ] note : i do not say that all state control is bad . 
  for example , health insurance and railways are examples of industries that not only are difficult to privatize , but where privatization can be actively harmful . 
  yes , my husband pointed that out to me after i wrote it , too . 
  the thing is , it 's not something that i was even aware of . 
  i knew the technical definition , which means that a nato ally and a member of nato are one and the same thing ( at least in english ) . 
  it did n't even occur to me that other people may read `` nato ally '' to mean `` a ( formal or informal ) ally of nato , but not part of nato itself '' . 
  in retrospect , it 's obvious that in colloquial usage the question is even more ambiguous than i thought ( unless the translation into german actually said `` nato-mitgliedsstaat '' ) . 
  i think the fact that the results have a strong split between `` should '' and `` should not '' in * all * countries has more to do with how the question in the poll created confusion and a feeling of ambiguity in the respondents . 
   `` if russia got into a serious military conflict with one of its neighbouring countries which is a nato ally , should our country use force to defend it ? '', 
  while such a scenario is not impossible , attacking a nato country would be a pretty stupid thing for russia to do and the question leaves the specifics of the situation open , inviting people to fill in the blanks for an unlikely hypothetical . 
  it leaves open whether we 're talking about a border skirmish , a fight in the ukraine accidentally spilling over into neighboring territory , or even the beginning of ww3 . 
  we are not even told who initiated the conflict . 
  if a nato country were crazy enough to get into a conflict with russia ( not likely , but neither is the opposite , and sometimes conflicts escalate without anybody intending them to ) , then article 5 would not even apply . 
  collective self-defense does not apply when your ally is the aggressor . 
  what i 'm seeing here -- because the response is broadly similar across all countries -- is most people thinking , `` what the hell is this supposed to mean ? '', 
  and tossing a mental coin to decide on a response , and much of the rest resolving the confusion according to their cultural biases . 
  oh , of course . 
  it 's hardly only the german government that was doing it , germany just got stuck with being the public face of austerity etc. 
   i do n't put all the blame on greece ( i dont know where you get that from ) i never said you were doing that . 
  pointing out the opposite ( that greece was n't entirely blameless ) was an essential qualifier of my explanation that i did n't think could be left out . 
  blame comes into play because some european politicians make this a story about moral hazard , when most of the actual moral hazard lies elsewhere . 
  what i did say was that your explanation of the reasons why eu politicians do n't allow a guided recovery in greece is incomplete . 
  it 's not about putting money at risk . 
  they are gambling with far bigger sums by allowing a greek default , and hundreds of billions have been wasted on failed austerity policies that predictably did n't produce anything but an economic contraction . 
  note that greece did n't actually see most of the money , which primarily went to the banks ; the money nominally given to greece ( and which did n't actually end up in greek hands ) was n't about helping greece , it was about bailing out french and german banks . 
  that german politicians in particular managed to sell this bank bailout as help for ingrate greeks is probably the most amazing part of the story . 
   it would be political suicide to say ` we will do whatever it takes to keep greece in the euro ' for pretty much any politician in the eu outside greece . 
  the story is a bit more complicated than that . 
  first , the culpability of the greek government has been overstated ; to be clear , they were n't exactly the good guys , but they were n't recklessly overspending , either . 
  between 1995 and 2008 , greek public debt as a percentage of gdp was essentially flat . 
  while it was high ( around 100 % ) , it was actually less than italy 's . 
  greece * should * have started to build down its debt as the result of economic growth , but that 's not where the problem was . 
  the actual moral hazard that triggered the crisis was the creation of the euro , and the problem lay with the banks . 
  what the euro did was to tell investors : `` we 've created a currency that is pretty much impossible to devalue , so government bonds in euro are low , low risk , because you will practically never have to worry about losing money due to currency devaluation '' . 
  banks did n't to be asked twice and went on a spending spree : french , german , british , dutch , and swiss banks loaded up their balance sheets with bonds , including a whole lot from the piigs countries . 
  it was sort of like giving recovering alcoholics an all-you-can-drink deal . 
  initially , this actually went well ; the economy * was * growing , greece * was n't * overspending , so fiscal obligations could be met and money kept flowing into greece , italy , and spain . 
  until in 2008 , america ( with an assist from hypo real estate in germany ) blew up the financial market . 
  suddenly nobody was lending or investing anymore , and the cash flow between the european countries came to a halt . 
  hangover time . 
  now , suddenly , france , germany , and the other countries mentioned above noticed that they had a problem : their banks been spending on bonds like a sailor on payday and were essentially in the financial equivalent of a drunken stupor . 
  the solution was obvious : bail them out , convert their private debt into public debt . 
  the problem was what they should tell their voters . 
  after all , admitting that they 'd screwed up by the numbers , that the euro had nearly broken the eu 's economy , and that this was about bailing out banks ( what the voters already knew about bank bailouts had n't exactly made them happy ) would not have helped their reelection chances . 
  so , the banks were bailed out , their private debt got converted into debt that the eu taxpayers were now on the hook for , and fingers were pointed at greece , italy , spain , ireland , and portugal . 
  nationalizing the bank debt also had the side effect of making french , german , and dutch taxpayers into creditors and piigs taxpayers into debtors and thus driving a wedge between them . 
  and to complete this little morality play , the eurozone began its economic suicide pact , also known as `` austerity '' . 
  there is little doubt about the effects of austerity , the numbers speak for themselves : the more a country engaged in panic-induced austerity , the more their gdp went down and the more their debt/gdp ratio went up ( [ link ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/panic-driven-austerity-eurozone-and-its-implications ) , see figures 4 and 5 ) . 
  greece engaged in more austerity than any other country and , consequently , is in worse shape than any other country . 
  it made sense only in the context of a morality play as a form of self-flagellation , economically it did the exact opposite of what voters were told it was about . 
  rational actors would have stopped here long ago and reversed course , but we 're talking about politicians who had sold their electorate on the story of the lazy southern countries being responsible for the crisis and could n't really tell them : `` well , actually , we kinda sorta lied to you , and our grand master plan has n't been working out , either . 
  so , yes , the result is that politicians will have a hard time going back on what they said previously . 
  but the point here is not about keeping greece in the euro at any cost , but about owning up to their own screw-ups and figuring out how to fix the economy rather than driving it further into the ground . 
  note : i stress again that the greek government was hardly blameless , but their culpability has been overstated and there 's plenty of egg to go around for everybody 's face . 
  nobody should feel excluded . 
  a new version of [ this coin ] ( http://www.coindatabase.com/coin_detail_germany.php?cdb=j080003 ) ? 
   this is about in work benefits . 
  after the argument against out-of-work benefits had been demolished . 
  even for in-work benefits , it does not really hold water . 
  even recipients of in work benefits are [ on average net contributors to public finances ] ( http://niesr.ac.uk/blog/migrants-and-tax-credits ) , not to mention to the economy as a whole . 
  the underlying problem is [ britain 's very low minimum wage ] ( http://touchstoneblog.org.uk/2014/12/are-in-work-benefits-in-the-uk-a-magnet-for-eu-migrants/ ) . 
  in-work benefits primarily subsidize british corporations by supplying them with cheap labor , and other eu countries are still more attractive for migrants if you 're looking at income after taxes and transfers . 
  note : germany had the same problem ; they had historically relied on collective bargaining to establish a de facto floor on wages , but that was increasingly being circumvented ; thus , last year they established a statutory minimum wage that is expected to save the tax payer billions of euros ( fewer benefits being paid out and more workers paying taxes ) . 
  you can argue that subsidized cheap labor is the way to go for a competitive economy ( there are economists who are in favor of this approach ) , but then you obviously have to pay for it . 
  non-eu immigrants still outnumber eu immigrants , and the situation for them is generally [ more dire ] ( http://www.poverty.org.uk/06/e.pdf ) ( via [ this site ] ( http://www.poverty.org.uk/06/index.shtml ) ) . 
   then how can you support this . 
  what makes you think i do after i 've written an entire comment that is critical of government spying ? 
  this is about businesses , not governments . 
  in practice , freedom of * anonymous * speech is an important part of freedom of speech [ 1 ] ; lack of effective anonymity may result in chilling effects when it comes to speaking truth to power . 
  this is , for example , why journalistic shield laws exist that allow journalists to protect their sources . 
  and while i 'm otherwise not a big fan of glenn greenwald , [ his ted talk ] ( http://www.ted.com/talks/glenn_greenwald_why_privacy_matters?language=en ) does a good job of laying out the concerns . 
  privacy is a basic right ; individuals need not justify why they want it , governments should have to justify why they are allowed to infringe upon it , same as with other rights . 
  granted , i am expressing an american perspective here : but rights are not granted by governments ; they are inherent to our nature and their exercise can be limited only where society has a justifiable interest . 
  in other words , the default setting for the `` government spying '' switch in a liberal democracy is the off position . 
  it 's the same reason why you do n't have to allow the police to come inside your home without a warrant even if you do n't have anything to hide . 
  [ 1 ] this does not mean that there can not be limits on anonymity ; anonymity itself can be abused , including to criminal ends . 
  my point here is that even those who have never done anything wrong can have a justified interest in privacy and anonymity that does not mean they have anything to hide . 
  wait a moment , in germany , they include berlin and hamburg , but not m\u00fcnster ? 
  it ca n't be because of size ; they have nantes , strasbourg , and utrecht on the list . 
  not to put too fine a point on it , but part of turkey * is * in europe . 
  nevermind that the border between europe and asia is entirely a [ matter of convention ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boundaries_between_continents#europe_and_asia ) ; there is no clear geographical feature separating the two . 
  historically , many european ethnic groups * did * actually migrate to europe from asia . 
  particularly ironic in this context is that the magyars had their origin in the urals , possibly even central asia . 
  i do n't know if there 's a formal obligation , but it 's good for the local economy and both countries are close allies , so i doubt anybody has a problem with it . 
  and germany has troops in america , too ( 1,800 soldiers headquartered in reston , va ) .
