  * because of the culturally more fragmented nature of the eu , you will find fewer large consumer-facing companies and more b2b companies ; they are also often structured differently to work better in a more international environment . 
  compare arm and intel or sap and microsoft . 
  b2b enterprises are also generally less visible to the public . 
  for example , until the nsa scandal broke , nobody had ever heard of gemalto , the world 's largest manufacturer of sim cards . 
  * ( continental ) europe generally considers the manufacturing sector to be more important than the us and the uk do . 
  manufacturing creates wealth ; service shuffles it around . 
  while the economy also needs efficient middlemen , you can have too many middle men for the goods produced . 
  if facebook disappeared tomorrow , the world would n't exactly be worse off . 
  much of r&d in europe consequently occurs within the manufacturing sector . 
  from [ this spiegel interview ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/sept-11-and-spying-through-the-eyes-of-ex-schroeder-advisor-a-1050674.html ) :  but it must be said that , on many issues , schr\u00f6der was right in hindsight . 
  i can remember an evening in london when he was sitting together with british prime minister tony blair . 
  it was two or three in the morning and the two were , let us say , in an advanced social state . 
  suddenly blair said : `` you can have them all , gerd , all the cars that we 've built here : rolls royce , bentley , rover . 
  that is the 19th century , that is steel , that is n't the future . 
  schr\u00f6der answered : `` tony , you have no idea about the economy . 
  you do n't get it . 
  the cars that we build are drivers of technology . 
  already today , they contain the most modern electronics and that will be even more the case in the future . 
  that is the platform for the real future . '', 
  back then , i was deeply ashamed for schr\u00f6der . 
  i thought the future was the financial markets and virtual reality . 
  and then comes schr\u00f6der with his old fashioned stuff . 
  and who was right ? 
  overregulation can still be a problem , but it 's worth remembering that california is one of the most highly taxed and regulated us states ; silicon valley evolved for other reasons ( such as the [ california master plan for higher education ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/california_master_plan_for_higher_education ) , which made college accessible for everyone and created a skilled labor force ) . 
  this , again , will be up to your national regulator . 
  laws do not enforce themselves . 
   once big players will get preferred lanes , there will be no incentive to improve the internet infrastructure and accessibility for an individual consumer . 
  ca n't do that . 
  the regulation states the following about special services : `` such services shall not be usable or offered as a replacement for internet access services , and shall not be to the detriment of the availability or general quality of internet access services for end-users . '', 
  it is , of course , up to the national regulators to actually enforce this . 
   `` if from the outset not all of the 27 pull their weight , then start with a few less , '' he told the paper . 
  `` and , if the [ european ] commission does not act jointly , then we 'll take the matter into our hands and just solve the problems between governments . '', 
   `` this inter-governmental approach proved itself during the euro crisis , '' sch\u00e4uble added , mentioning europe 's asylum and migration policies as issues to which eu citizens wanted answers . 
  the esm and the eurogroup are among the most problematic institutions in europe , because they bypass the normal checks and balances . 
  for example , the eurogroup is defined in the treaties as a purely informal institution , but during the euro crisis it suddenly started to exercise real power . 
  there is a reason why the [ recent proposal ] ( http://www.auswaertiges-amt.de/en/europa/aktuell/160624-bm-am-fra_st.html ) by ayrault and steinmeier wants to put the eurogroup and a revised esm under control of the european parliament . 
  the absolutely last thing we need is to double down on the idea of bypassing the treaties . 
  this does not mean that ad-hoc intergovernmental solutions should be rejected out of hand -- especially where they have the consent of everybody affected -- , but they should n't replicate the dangerously undemocratic structures resulting from the euro crisis . 
  so , which one of you has the kangaroos now ? 
  i 've looked at the regulation and the proposed berec guidelines and i do n't see the problem , to be honest . 
  the berec guidelines are non-binding , anyway , and ultimate enforcement will be up to the national regulators , not the eu . 
  mind you , i might well be wrong ; i 'm not a lawyer . 
  but what i see is that what these various grassroots movements demand seems to be already written into the regulation . 
  if you want to check it out , the regulation is [ here ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/all/?uri=celex%3a32015r2120 ) ; we 're talking about article 3 ( included below ) . 
  commercial practices -- such as zero-rating -- can not discriminate based on origin , destination , content , application , or service ( paragraphs 1 and 2 ) . 
  special services `` shall not be to the detriment of the availability or general quality of internet access services for end-users . '', 
  are there loopholes ? 
  possibly , but again , that 's up to your national regulator to make sure they do n't get exploited . 
  if anybody can explain to me what the cause of concern is , i 'd be happy to learn about it . 
  i do n't claim to have a full understanding , but i do n't see where they 're coming from , either , at least not without a more precise explanation . 
  and i do n't see how the [ proposed berec guidelines ] ( http://berec.europa.eu/eng/news_consultations/ongoing_public_consultations/3771-public-consultation-on-draft-berec-guidelines-on-implementation-of-net-neutrality-rules ) change anything , either . 
  -- ### safeguarding of open internet access 1 \\ . 
  end-users shall have the right to access and distribute information and content , use and provide applications and services , and use terminal equipment of their choice , irrespective of the end-user 's or provider 's location or the location , origin or destination of the information , content , application or service , via their internet access service . 
  this paragraph is without prejudice to union law , or national law that complies with union law , related to the lawfulness of the content , applications or services . 
  agreements between providers of internet access services and end-users on commercial and technical conditions and the characteristics of internet access services such as price , data volumes or speed , and any commercial practices conducted by providers of internet access services , shall not limit the exercise of the rights of end-users laid down in paragraph 1 . 
  providers of internet access services shall treat all traffic equally , when providing internet access services , without discrimination , restriction or interference , and irrespective of the sender and receiver , the content accessed or distributed , the applications or services used or provided , or the terminal equipment used . 
  the first subparagraph shall not prevent providers of internet access services from implementing reasonable traffic management measures . 
  in order to be deemed to be reasonable , such measures shall be transparent , non-discriminatory and proportionate , and shall not be based on commercial considerations but on objectively different technical quality of service requirements of specific categories of traffic . 
  such measures shall not monitor the specific content and shall not be maintained for longer than necessary . 
  providers of internet access services shall not engage in traffic management measures going beyond those set out in the second subparagraph , and in particular shall not block , slow down , alter , restrict , interfere with , degrade or discriminate between specific content , applications or services , or specific categories thereof , except as necessary , and only for as long as necessary , in order to : ( a ) comply with union legislative acts , or national legislation that complies with union law , to which the provider of internet access services is subject , or with measures that comply with union law giving effect to such union legislative acts or national legislation , including with orders by courts or public authorities vested with relevant powers ; ( b ) preserve the integrity and security of the network , of services provided via that network , and of the terminal equipment of end-users ; ( c ) prevent impending network congestion and mitigate the effects of exceptional or temporary network congestion , provided that equivalent categories of traffic are treated equally . 
  any traffic management measure may entail processing of personal data only if such processing is necessary and proportionate to achieve the objectives set out in paragraph 3 . 
  such processing shall be carried out in accordance with directive 95/46/ec of the european parliament and of the council . 
  traffic management measures shall also comply with directive 2002/58/ec of the european parliament and of the council . 
  providers of electronic communications to the public , including providers of internet access services , and providers of content , applications and services shall be free to offer services other than internet access services which are optimised for specific content , applications or services , or a combination thereof , where the optimisation is necessary in order to meet requirements of the content , applications or services for a specific level of quality . 
  providers of electronic communications to the public , including providers of internet access services , may offer or facilitate such services only if the network capacity is sufficient to provide them in addition to any internet access services provided . 
  such services shall not be usable or offered as a replacement for internet access services , and shall not be to the detriment of the availability or general quality of internet access services for end-users . 
  i have n't heard of that , which does n't mean it ca n't happen . 
  that said , i have my doubts that they 're going to remove a veto point in the legislative process just like that . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by that ? 
  for what it 's worth , guy verhofstadt and sch\u00e4uble have said similar things , as i recall . 
  this seems to indicate at least some cross-party support for the idea . 
  frankly , it is also a good idea to put some physical distance between such institutions . 
  it reduces opportunities to hang out together and the risk of `` old boys clubs '' becoming influential ( obviously , it ca n't eliminate that risk , but you do n't have to court such a situation , either ) . 
  i know that . 
  my point is that realistically you need the eea as an intermediate step to make that work . 
  of course , avoiding a brexit would objectively be the best solution ( though very unlikely ) ; i was talking about the best way of managing it if it 's unavoidable . 
  the only really sane solution for the uk is : 1 . 
  negotiate eea access initially . 
  this could in principle be done pretty easily ( relatively speaking ) , as the uk is already in compliance with all the necessary eu laws . 
  once an eea member , the uk can negotiate its own trade deals again and fully exit once concluded . 
  but this approach now faces three problems . 
  eea membership comes with freedom of movement , but reduced power in the eu , and this status would continue to last for years ( possibly decades ; yes , trade deals often take that long ) . 
  this would not make the leave voters happy and they would likely express their unhappiness at the next general election . 
  the eu would now recognize a desire for temporary eea membership as the ploy it is -- since it has to be advertised to leave voters as such in order to pacify them -- and negotiate accordingly . 
  a major problem is that the british government has managed to burn a lot of goodwill with the eu ; otherwise , they 'd probably be more amicable towards engineering a clean transition using the eea as a stepping stone . 
  while an eea exit can be done unilaterally by withdrawing from the eea treaties , that still means that an agreement with the eu has to be found to replace it . 
  you have to join erm ii first , and [ that is voluntary ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/euro/adoption/erm2/index_en.htm ) . 
   why ca n't we just wholesale write them into uk law as is , then revoke as necessary using parliamentary procedure ? 
  i 'll give you a simple example . 
  the roaming regulation ( ( eu ) 2015/2120 ) states in article 6a :  * `` with effect from 15 june 2017 , provided that the legislative act to be adopted following the proposal referred to in article 19 ( 2 ) is applicable on that date , roaming providers shall not levy any surcharge in addition to the domestic retail price on roaming customers in any member state for any regulated roaming calls made or received , for any regulated roaming sms messages sent and for any regulated data roaming services used , including mms messages , nor any general charge to enable the terminal equipment or service to be used abroad , subject to articles 6b and 6c . 
  '' * you can not simply copy and paste this into british law , because it assumes the legislature has the power to legislate in this area for all member states of the eu . 
  by leaving the eu , britain loses the authority to tell other countries what contracts are valid for telecommunication companies on their territories . 
  this is not difficult to amend , but the law still has to be reviewed , amended where necessary , and debated . 
  now remember that you have to do this for every single piece of eu legislation , that there are also plenty of cases that are far more difficult to amend , and that you have to finish that work within two years . 
  other problems : sometimes you have directives ( i.e. 
  legislation that is transposed into national law ) that draw upon rights conferred by the treaties or utilize eu-level authorities . 
  some regulations delegate details to the european commission in so-called implementing and delegated acts that often just fill in some real-world numbers and are updated at regular intervals . 
  these need to be incorporated directly and the updating must be delegated to the national authorities . 
   second , they are appointed , not elected . 
  indirectly elected , to be precise ; they 're the cabinet ministers of the national governments .
