  this would involve withdrawing from the eu , as i explained in my other comment , as the refugee convention in particular is incorporated into the eu treaties by reference . 
  not that it would help . 
  the prohibition against discrimination in some form or another is baked into so many international agreements , eu law , and national constitutions that ignoring it is only possible in far-right populist fantasies . 
  not to mention that you would be creating a permanent disadvantaged underclass with all the social unrest that entails . 
  the eu treaties incorporate the refugee convention by reference in article 78 ( 1 ) tfeu and it is therefore binding eu law :  * 1 . the union shall develop a common policy on asylum , subsidiary protection and temporary protection with a view to offering appropriate status to any third-country national requiring international protection and ensuring compliance with the principle of non-refoulement . 
  this policy must be in accordance with the geneva convention of 28 july 1951 and the protocol of 31 january 1967 relating to the status of refugees , and other relevant treaties . 
  * the eu is also bound by article 6 ( 3 ) teu to respect constiutional traditions common to the member states :  * 3 . 
  fundamental rights , as guaranteed by the european convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms and as they result from the constitutional traditions common to the member states , shall constitute general principles of the union 's law . 
  * per the cjeu , this includes provisions of core human right treaties adopted by all member states , such as the icescr and iccpr ( see , e.g. , c-540 / 03 , para . 
  eu legislation is subject to judicial review by the cjeu and could therefore be struck down if it were in violation of the treaties . 
  if no judicial review were to be brought by a member state , this legislation would also be subject to judicial review in several member states , where it would eventually end up before the cjeu , anyway . 
  most such discrimination would be flat-out prohibited under the convention and protocol relating to the status of refugees , the international covenant on economic , social and cultural rights ( icescr ) , or both , assuming that domestic law even allows for it in the first place . 
  the very first sentence states that marriage per the basic law is only an option for opposite sex couples . 
  so does the earlier judgment they cite . 
  the second sentence only says that the lpartdisbg does not change this state of affairs . 
  permitting same-sex marriage would be the big one , i presume . 
  i do n't expect brexit to be a success . 
  i do n't expect it to be a catastrophe , either -- the doomsaying tends to also be a bit over the top -- , but there 's pretty much no upside to it ( economically , at least ) and a lot of downsides . 
  most of these downsides will only come into effect once the uk has left the single market , though . 
  i think a lot of people have n't read the entire article . 
  the prediction is that the economy will grow by 2 % in 2017 , but also that incomes will stall when adjusted for inflation . 
  the average british citizen will not really benefit much from that growth . 
  this seems like it would most likely be the natural result of the weakened pound : cheaper exports , more expensive imports and thus higher inflation and an `` erosion in consumer spending power '' , as the article puts it . 
  inflation is projected to be 2.7 % , consumer price inflation to be 2 % . 
   during the eurocrises merkel got massively attacked from the international far left and since the refugee crises she gets even more attacked from the international far right . 
  i thought that much of the criticism of the german government during the eurocrisis was justified . 
  no matter what you think of it as a matter of policy , the politics of it were terrible . 
  and the policy decisions were plenty deserving of criticism , too . 
  as for the refugee crisis , the primary problem was ( in my opinion ) that the reporting was pretty bad , regardless of political affiliation . 
  to be clear , i 'm not talking about opinion here , but the basic reporting of the facts . 
  the english-language media in particular seemed to construct an entire alternate reality at times . 
  by that i do n't mean that there was a conspiracy , just that the quality of the reporting was very poor : little knowledge of german and eu law ( a general problem with the british press especially ) , no resources to do proper on-the-ground reporting , rushing articles to get social media replication with little regard to quality , etc. 
  as a result , much of the debate ( especially in the anglosphere ) seemed like a giant game of telephone . 
  i also do n't see anything wrong with criticizing her ; that 's par for the course in a democracy and pretty healthy in general . 
  it 's where genuine public debate gets suffocated by agitprop that we have a problem . 
  i 'm honestly not sure why this is getting so much positive feedback . 
  i 'm in fact rather worried by how uninformed he seems to be . 
  for example , one of the first things he says is :  * `` the discussion of how long , for instance , somebody can remain an asylum seeker if , for instance , the situation in their country of origin has changed , is a discussion we should have had a long time ago . 
  '' * but that discussion ** did happen ** a long time ago . 
  the result is enshrined in article 11 ( cessation ) of the qualification directive of 2004 :  * 1 . 
  a third country national or a stateless person shall cease to be a refugee , if he or she : [ ... ] *  * ( e ) can no longer , because the circumstances in connection with which he or she has been recognised as a refugee have ceased to exist , continue to refuse to avail himself or herself of the protection of the country of nationality ; * this is a totally made-up problem . 
  the answer is already there and has been there for over a decade . 
  the main problem seems to be that he has the same problem as many members of the anglosphere : as a citizen of a country with only maritime borders ( and france making sure that there are n't thousands of people crossing the channel in boats ) , having near total control over migration , he assumes that these questions are purely matters of political will and not that it 's the implementation that makes it hard . 
  it 's the [ green lantern theory of geopolitics ] ( http://web.archive.org/web/20080624182644/http://tpmcafe.talkingpointsmemo.com/2006/07/10/the_green_lantern_theory_of_ge/ ) all over again . 
  you wo n't find very many eu politicians who are n't in favor of controlling the eu 's borders better or to return asylum seekers whose applications have been rejected to their home countries more quickly . 
  but the devil is in the details of implementing these things . 
  getting agreements with turkey and libya to control migration is a tedious , drawn-out process . 
  both are politically unstable countries ; tensions between greece and turkey are constantly high , which makes control of the border between turkey and greece extra hard . 
  libya is itself in a state of civil war ; there should be no need to explain how difficult that makes things . 
    the court said the marriage was legal because it had been carried out in accordance with syrian law . 
  they are in germany now , that means following german law . 
  no , this is just garbage reporting . 
  the general rules are : * germany generally recognizes foreign marriages , unless they violate the ordre public . 
  marriages involving minors may or may not violate the ordre public and the courts have to decide on a case-by-case basis . 
  * marriages involving minors under the age of 14 are generally void ab initio because this is below the age of consent and thus violates the ordre public ; if the minor is 16 years or older ( i.e. 
  past the german age of consent ) , it is already possible to get married under german law and there is generally no reason to assume a violation of the ordre public . 
  * thus , most cases that the courts have to deal with involve a minor who is 14 or 15 years old . 
  such a marriage is voidable by a court , but not automatically void . 
  as far as this particular case was concerned : * the couple was very obviously in love ; in fact , when youth services tried to keep them apart , they met in secret instead . 
  * ill-advised or not , it was n't a forced marriage . 
  * realistically , even if the court were to end the marriage , it could n't end the relationship . 
  * instead , the court made it a point that the girl was on contraceptives ( injections ) , was learning german , and received proper schooling ( so she would n't be dependent on her husband if the marriage failed ) . 
  note : that does mean that the marriage was a good idea -- getting married at such a young age rarely is -- , but given that the relationship already existed , the court obviously tried to make the best out of a bad situation in the interest of the girl . 
  there was the additional question of whether the marriage was void under syrian law ; the court found that the marriage was voidable , but not automatically void under syrian law , too . 
  this is probably what the article refers to and misinterprets . 
  the court 's judgment can be found [ here ] ( http://www.gesetze-bayern.de/%28x%281%29s%28fbpsdgqw4kfdmww02nwrlyxg%29%29/content/document/y-300-z-beckrs-b-2016-n-09621 ) ( in german ) . 
  he 's not talking about germany 's federal budget . 
  he 's talking about the budgets of other european countries . 
  you can always take the shortcut through belgium . 
   the u.k. 
  still has voting rights in the eu and can subvert ongoing eu negotiations . 
  let me introduce you to [ article 7 teu ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/consolidated_version_of_the_treaty_on_european_union/title_i:_common_provisions#article_7 ) , which allows the other member states to strip one member states of those voting rights . 
  it 's very difficult to invoke , because ( inter alia ) it requires unanimity by the other member states , but intentionally subverting the eu is one of the things that could overcome any remaining reluctance by the other member states to do just that . 
   i think that is not enough of a gain as countrys like switzerland , netherlands , belgium and malta will complain . 
  sch\u00e4uble is proposing a domestic law , under which related licensing fees are no longer tax-deductible in germany . 
  this does not require the consent of other countries . 
  it simply moves taxation to the other endpoint of the transaction . 
   facepalm . 
  that 's all i 'm reading , for it is enough . 
  it 's literally [ textbook economics ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/100813/interesting-facts-about-imports-and-exports.asp ) . 
   wrong . 
  you fell for the trap , weak/strong are meaningless terms . 
  it is the rate of change that is important . 
  if germany had its own currency and that currency were 20 % stronger than the euro , then it would make exports 20 % more expensive . 
  this has nothing to do with the rate of change . 
  obviously , it would also make imports correspondingly cheaper . 
   let 's assume that european countries do not have any primary resource , and therefore require imports for manufacturing . 
  they also export all that they produce . 
  then it follows that the number of steps in the `` value chain '' is three , which is its maximal state . 
  there are no more steps in the process since you are externalising said country . 
  you can only remove steps . 
  your mistake here is that you count everything that happens in a country as one link in the value chain . 
  but products of modern technology , such as cars , often have hundreds of suppliers . 
  for example , audi in germany has its major engine plant in hungary , which uses parts from suppliers not just in germany , but from all over europe , with the engines then being sent to germany to be assembled into the final product . 
  in numbers , germany as a large country with hardly any natural resources is both the world 's third largest exporter and the world 's third largest importer . 
  its exports make up [ 46.8 % of gdp ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ne.exp.gnfs.zs?view=map ) and its imports make up [ 39.2 % of gdp ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ne.imp.gnfs.zs?view=map ) ( data as of 2015 ) . 
   its highest relative growth compared to the eurozone was after the 2007 crash . 
  i did n't say that it was at its highest , but simply that it was high , as evidence that a strong currency was n't an obstacle to economic growth . 
   you do n't understand how quantitative easing works . 
  if kfw 's money is taken out of the economy , then adding it back in has the same impact as qe , if not a worse impact .
