  they are n't generous . 
  they 're not much higher than the subsistence level in either country . 
  plus , you can and will get sanctioned if you do n't actively seek work ( unless you ca n't work , for reasons of , say , disability , age , or raising small children ) . 
  being sanctioned meaning losing parts or all of the benefits . 
   this type of system would eventually fail as the benefits get higher and higher , and people 's taxes to pay for them also get higher . 
  such gmi schemes are actually pretty cheap and make up a relatively small fraction of social spending . 
  health insurance and pensions dominate the social budgets ( typically around 2/3 of social spending combined ) . 
   so in the end a single mother with 5 children , not a single day of work experience can earn more money than a working family . 
  as a mother of two , i 'd rather work than raise five kids . 
  ( and i love my daughters , it 's just that at some point childcare becomes exhausting . ), 
  can you explain what you mean ? 
  because germany definitely has a federal legislature , a federal cabinet , and federal courts . 
  i suspect that i am misunderstanding what you are trying to say ; could you elaborate ? 
   this is not a violation of the separation of powers . 
  prosecution and prosecutors are part of the executive , and not part of the judiciary . 
  the power to prosecute generally lies with the states , not the federal government ( except for limited exceptions that touch upon germany 's internal or external security ) . 
  this is known as a `` vertical separation of powers '' . 
  in general , federal law is executed by the states unless the constitution provides or permits otherwise ( [ article 83 of the german constitution ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_gg/englisch_gg.html#p0431 ) ) . 
  this principle exists to compensate for the relatively weak separation of powers between the executive and legislature in a parliamentary democracy . 
   surely you 'll agree that regardless of whether a person was born and raised in denver , honolulu , philadelphia or seattle , a common american identity unites these people . 
  well , this common identity that exists nowadays was worked out over the course of more than two centuries ; the eu is a little over two decades old . 
  utah had to get rid of its polygamy to join and german immigrants self-segregated for a long time ( that subculture was eventually killed off in the 20th century by two world wars ) . 
  what you are seeing now is quite different from what we had a couple hundred years ago ( or even a hundred years ago ) . 
  for much of the 19th century , america was a pretty disparate place . 
  you had slave owners in the south and abolitionists in the north ; you had native americans wondering what the heck the white man was doing with their home and so forth . 
   again , there are nations within the eu which appear quite alien from a british standpoint , and with the admission of more nations into the union expected in years to come , i can only foresee this viewpoint becoming increasingly prevalent . 
  well , in all fairness , it was britain that [ pushed more than any other country for the expansion of the eu ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/dec/21/tories-conservatives-eu-enlargement-bulgaria ) after the cold war . 
  so , honestly , you can forgive the rest of the eu if they 're getting just a bit frustrated . 
   i would argue that it 's far less problematic for 50 states with a shared sense of identity and unity to pool their sovereignty than 28 nations which may not always exhibit such solidarity . 
  the original values were n't [ exactly what i 'd call shared values ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three-fifths_compromise ) . 
  i mean , not to put too fine a point on it , but we actually fought a civil war over some of them . 
  the articles of confederation were abolished and replaced by the us constitution out of need ( especially the new polities ' need for survival ) , not because the states necessarily felt particularly close to each other . 
  in fact , part of the reason for their abolishment was the inability to form a common policy even where it was necessary ; so much for unity . 
  i 'm looking at the [ text ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?pubref=-//ep//text+ta+p8-ta-2016-0131+0+doc+xml+v0//en&amp;language=en#bkmd-9 ) of the directive and it appears to me that there are safeguards in place :  article 5  exceptions  member states shall ensure that an application for the measures , procedures and remedies provided for in this directive is dismissed where the alleged acquisition , use or disclosure of the trade secret was carried out in any of the following cases :  ( a ) for exercising the right to freedom of expression and information as set out in the charter , including respect for the freedom and pluralism of the media ;  ( b ) for revealing misconduct , wrongdoing or illegal activity , provided that the respondent acted for the purpose of protecting the general public interest ;  ( c ) disclosure by workers to their representatives as part of the legitimate exercise by those representatives of their functions in accordance with union or national law , provided that such disclosure was necessary for that exercise ;  ( d ) for the purpose of protecting a legitimate interest recognised by union or national law . 
  and :  article 7  proportionality and abuse of process  1 \\ . 
  the measures , procedures and remedies provided for in this directive shall be applied in a manner that :  ( a ) is proportionate ;  ( b ) avoids the creation of barriers to legitimate trade in the internal market ; and  ( c ) provides for safeguards against their abuse . 
  member states shall ensure that competent judicial authorities may , upon the request of the respondent , apply appropriate measures as provided for in national law , where an application concerning the unlawful acquisition , use or disclosure of a trade secret is manifestly unfounded and the applicant is found to have initiated the legal proceedings abusively or in bad faith . 
  such measures may , as appropriate , include awarding damages to the respondent , imposing sanctions on the applicant or ordering the dissemination of information concerning a decision as referred to in article 15 . 
   member states may provide that measures as referred to in the first subparagraph are dealt with in separate legal proceedings . 
  can somebody who is more familiar with the side of the critics explain how they fear that these safeguards would be circumvented ? 
  in germany , the `` vertical '' separation of powers between the federal government and the state governments also matters ( e.g. 
  articles 83-85 of the basic law about the execution of federal laws by the states ) . 
  it is meant to compensate for the relatively weak separation of powers between the legislature and the executive in a parliamentary democracy ( where the chancellor or prime minister can almost always command a majority in the legislature ) [ 1 ] . 
  with respect to criminal prosecution , the federal government has limited powers ( the federal prosecutor can only prosecute only a limited set of offenses ) ; this particular case is for the state of rhineland-palatinate ( where the zdf is headquartered and where the segment was produced and broadcast ) to prosecute . 
  [ 1 ] in fact , there are writings by the founding fathers in the us emphasizing that this aspect was important even for the design of the american presidential system . 
   that political invective can be criminalized in such a broad way within german legal code is far more weird to the us . 
  fyi , it is actually not . 
  the problem with reading the law is that rather than throwing the insult-related statutes out , the federal constitutional court ruled that they had to be interpreted in a way that conforms to the requirements of the constitution . 
  importantly , constitutional jurisprudence distinguishes between public discourse and private speech . 
  public discourse is highly protected ( private speech less so ) ; basically , only defamation for the sake of defamation , just to be mean and without any connection to an argument or debate is punishable under a constitutional interpretation of these statutes . 
  and if you 're familiar with the typical rose monday floats of the german carnival season , you 'll know that political satire can ( legally ) be pretty brutal in germany ; some infamous examples include merkel literally crawling out of uncle sam 's butt or berlusconi taking it from behind by a mafia boss ( and seemingly enjoying it ) , with a sign saying : `` italian-style same-sex marriage '' . 
  note also that \u00a7 103 only ups the punishment when it comes to foreign heads of states ; the underlying offense can in principle be committed against anyone . 
  do n't get me wrong , this is still broader than the exceptions for defamatory speech under the first amendment and the lack of bright-line rules means that there is an obvious risk of chilling effects , but political invective is not being criminalized in a broad way . 
  b\u00f6hmermann 's satire most likely will not lead to punishment . 
  for example , the other day an administrative court had to rule on a demonstration before the turkish embassy with signs showing excerpts of the poem ; it noted that while quoting parts of the poem in isolation fulfilled the requirements of `` schm\u00e4hkritik '' ( defamation for the sake of defamation ) , the original broadcast in contrast was characterized by an `` embedding of the poem in a quasi-educational context to show the limits of freedom of expression '' . 
  while it obviously could n't and did n't rule on the b\u00f6hmermann case , you 'll the basics of an explanation of how narrow the exceptions are perceived by the legal system . 
  germany does not reserve the right , as it would presumably not be party to such a proceeding ; the provision means that turkey has laws that allow the prosecution of defamatory remarks against the german president ( not chancellor , it 's about heads of state , not heads of government ) . 
  i believe that it does not even have to be a special law for the protection of heads of state , just that such an offense can be prosecuted effectively . 
  in any event , articles 337-340 of the [ turkish penal code ] ( http://www.legislationline.org/documents/section/criminal-codes/country/50 ) seem to be fairly close counterparts to the relevant parts of the german penal code . 
   honestly it is ridiculous hat the federal government can veto prosecution in the first place . 
  it is not ridiculous , actually . 
  well , the idea that insults should be criminally punishable sort of is , but if you stipulate that insults can be criminal offenses , it is internally consistent . 
  [ \u00a7 102 - \u00a7 104 stgb ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p1031 ) protect the diplomatic relations between germany and foreign countries ; offenses under \u00a7 102 ( physical attacks on representatives of foreign governments ) and \u00a7 103 stgb ( verbal attacks ) are already punishable under different parts of the penal code ( though they carry different penalties then ) ; \u00a7 104 stgb ( defacing foreign flags that are being shown for an offical purpose ) mirrors a similar provision for the german flag . 
  \u00a7 104a stgb makes prosecution contingent upon reciprocity to begin with ( i.e. 
  the requirement that the other country also has laws to protect matching german interests ) . 
  the federal government is being involved because the offenses touch upon international law and diplomatic relations . 
  for starters , the federal government is basically an injured party , too ( erdogan could sue as a private person regardless of what the german government said under [ \u00a7 185 - \u00a7 187 stgb ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p1694 ) ) . 
  second , the german government is best placed to ensure that reciprocity is actually observed before the case goes to trial . 
  the role of the federal government is not to investigate the case and to determine whether an offense was committed ; that 's the job of the public prosecutor and the courts . 
  this is not actually how the federal constitutional court interprets the constitution . 
  freedom of expression enjoys a privileged status in german constitutional law , because it is considered to be a constitutive element of a free society ; this applies in particular to public discourse and especially when the targets of a polemic or offensive utterance are themselves engaged in public discourse ( this applies to most politicians ) . 
  this applies even to speech that shocks , offends , and disturbs . 
  only in rare cases -- basically , when speech is offensive for the sake of being offensive with no other redeeming qualities -- will personal honor trump freedom of expression in the public arena . 
  an interesting case was bverfge 86 , 1 - titanic / ` geb . 
  m\u00f6rder ' ; it revolved around an article in the satirical magazine titanic that mocked a paraplegic reservist who had publicly insisted on participating in a military exercise despite his handicap by affixing '' ( n\u00e9e murderer ) '' to his name ; the constitutional court found that this appellation -- calling him essentially a born murderer -- was protected speech ; however , calling him a `` cripple '' in a separate article in response to him suing the magazine was not , because the latter term was just pointlessly demeaning . 
  the inviolable right to dignity is of limited interest here , because freedom of expression is itself considered to be an aspect of human dignity ( bverfge 93 , 266 [ 293 ] ) . 
  misleading , because social protection spending according to eurostat includes pension systems . 
  these account for a little over half of [ social protection spending ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/government_expenditure_on_social_protection#main_statistical_findings ) in the eu . 
  obviously , this is going to be low in developing countries with high mortality , and high in developed countries where people live longer . 
  that pension systems are going to be a challenge going forward is nothing new , but it does not justify the telegraph 's clickbait headline . 
  none of the other items ( see table under the link above for a breakdown into categories ) seem to be particularly high for what they accomplish . 
   you would think a person like merkel would just focus on technology research and development as a way to get europe out of this mess . 
  well , yeah . 
  that 's why germany 's kfw has a balance sheet of half a trillion euro , a good chunk of which goes towards such efforts . 
  it 's also why germany has the fraunhofer institutes , intentionally designed to provide r&d support for the industry ( and which the uk 's catapult centers are modeled after ) . 
  should the german government support other countries pursuing similar efforts ? 
  definitely , this was argued [ during the greek crisis ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jun/27/greek-bailout-extension-refused-panel-leading-economists-give-their-verdict ) ( scroll down to mariana mazzucato ) . 
  but neither the current nor previous german governments have been unaware of the importance of r&d . high r&d spending has been the hallmark of all the northern european countries for a long time ( especially , but not only the nordics ; germany 's is roughly on par with the us as a percentage of gdp ) . 
  the uk is actually one of the major exceptions here with fairly low r&d spending ( the uk relies more on the financial services industry for its economy ) . 
   for example many of the manufacturing jobs that went to china due to low labor costs ( that are now moving to even cheaper countries ) could eventually be brought back using technology to replace workers . 
  china is one of germany 's biggest export markets . 
  germany has long since ( i.e. 
  since after reunification ) decided that it ca n't really compete with either eastern europe or china for labor costs , so it went for higher productivity instead ( same as many other northern european countries ) , which was a natural fit : germany 's tertiary education system has always been about creating skilled labor . 
  germany has zero interest in competing with china in the area of low labor costs and still has one of the [ larger industrial sectors ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_sector_composition ) in the developed world . 
  pretty much all low-skilled and unskilled labor that is n't physically tied to germany ( such as retail ) has been outsourced over the past couple decades . 
   point is , i still do n't know nearly enough about this subject to speak with authority ( and probably never will ) . 
  so all i can do is keep reading about it at this point . 
  that is where i agree . 
  however , i may be drawing a different conclusion , as i tend to side with montesquieu on such matters : `` if it is not necessary to make a law , it is necessary to make no law . '', 
   whereas monitoring all muslims would be legally and practically impossible , monitoring high profile imams and bugging questionable mosques would limit the scope/focus of surveillance , cutting down on the masses of data intelligence needs to sift through ( this may already be happening , i do n't know ) .
