  no , seriously , this is funny . 
  check out kelo v. city of new london . 
  `` public good '' has always been interpreted broadly and often been used to further private interests . 
  plus , the german government has an affirmative constitutional duty to provide shelter to everybody who can not find housing . 
  there 's your public good . 
  oh , and we 're talking about asylum seekers , not illegal immigrants . 
  until their cases have been decided , they are permitted to stay , and plenty will be granted asylum or get leave to remain on other grounds . 
  i did n't see any * requiring * an ap test in your native language , but overall , the requirements are meant to approximate the subjects of a typical swiss matriculation exam , which also tests a student 's native language ( i.e. 
  german/french/italian ) . 
  this is not about being fluent in your native language , but is assumed to cover things like literature and composition . 
  in general , think of these as the rough equivalent of gened requirements . 
  fluency in german is a separate requirement . 
  note also that having three ap exams with a minimum score of 3 at ethz is not sufficient for admission ; you will still have to pass the reduced entrance exam . 
  what ap classes allow you to skip is the * comprehensive entrance exam * , which tests the entire breadth of the swiss * matura * and is more expensive ( see [ here ] ( https://www.ethz.ch/en/studies/registration-application/bachelor/other-certificates/eth-entrance-exam.html ) ) . 
  the biggest problem was the [ screwed-up de-baathification process ] ( https://www.ictj.org/sites/default/files/ictj-report-iraq-de-baathification-2013-eng.pdf ) , which , inter alia , [ facilitated the creation of daesh ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/islamic-state-files-show-structure-of-islamist-terror-group-a-1029274.html ) , which rose from the ashes of saddam 's army . 
  that very much happened on bush 's and cheney 's watch . 
  eminent domain is an unfortunate fact of modern life . 
  for example , any time that a railway is being built , somebody will lose their property . 
  the key is that owners are still entitled to `` just compensation '' ( i.e. 
  fair market value ) , and that 's not different in the german constitution . 
  in fact , i do n't know of any first world country that * does n't * have eminent domain . 
  note also that the owner does not lose the title to the property ( according to the [ actual text of the law ] ( https://www.buergerschaft-hh.de/parldok/dokument/49951/gesetz-zur-sicherung-der-fl%c3%bcchtlingsunterbringung-in-einrichtungen.pdf ) ) . 
  it appears to be essentially a compulsory renting scheme for unused commercial properties and not eminent domain in the traditional sense . 
   but many students basically skip their entire first year because of ap classes they took ( i did and so did most of my friends ) . 
  yes , and the ap program is the closest thing to the college prep track of the european systems ( it still does n't cover all the bases ) [ 1 ] . 
  for example , see [ the admission requirements at swiss universities ] ( http://www.swissuniversities.ch/en/services/admission-to-universities/countries/usa/ ) , which generally require a set of ap classes or two years of college in order to be admitted ( the admission requirements in germany are similar , but i could n't find an english-language source ) . 
  my point again is not whether one system is superior , but why many european students * perceive * the us system to be easier . 
  and the more relaxed schedule of classes ( relatively speaking ) , including what they consider to be essentially high school content , is a big part of it . 
  [ 1 ] a big problem is that unlike for for european countries with tracking systems , ap classes are n't universally available . 
  especially poor inner city districts and rural areas are often left out , making it essentially an income-based tracking system . 
  aptitude-based tracking systems are already highly problematic ( in that track selection is known to be affected by socio-economic status ) , but the ap system has a socio-economic component for access directly baked into it . 
  i know personally of some rather cases in karlsruhe and munich ( and some googling confirms that it 's commonplace in bavaria and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , too ) , so i doubt there 's a regional component to it . 
  generally , high failure rates are not inherently connected to an academic system , but are the consequence of open admission policies ; as soon as you accept everyone ( or even a huge part of applicants ) , they become a fairly automatic corrective for ensuring that students are actually qualified . 
  conversely , grading on a curve is a luxury that you only have in conjunction with fairly selective admission schemes ( or unscrupulous diploma mills , but these do n't generally exist in the eu ) . 
  if you have highly competitive admission * and * high failure rates , then something is generally wrong with the teaching , though . 
  you can see this play out to an extent in the us , too . 
  the top tier and mid tier universities siphon off the best students , and the remaining universities are mostly stuck with students who ca n't get into the other ones , so their failure rates ( and worse , drop-out rates ) are through the roof . 
  the low failure rates for students at stanford , mit , and harvard do not imply that they are less strict , but that they got to choose from the top few percentiles of available students . 
  note also that graduate programs can be an entirely different story ; in order to get admitted to a graduate program , you already need an undergraduate degree and have to pass the university 's admission requirements , so students can be pretty much expected to be competent . 
  an extreme case are doctoral programs , where the grading scale is extremely compressed because almost everybody is very qualified ( and why it 's pretty typical for european countries to not require you to take classes for a ph.d. ) . 
   in spain , if 90 % of the people fail , they fail . 
  in the german system , at least in the uni i studied , they would normalize it . 
  i have n't seen grading on a curve at a german university yet ( or heard of it ) ; it 's also impossible to do for oral exams . 
  it may be different in non-stem disciplines , but at least at my university ( and the others i know of ) they let the chips fall where they may ( with exceptions if the exam turns out to be poorly designed ) . 
  it 's really a necessity if you want to maintain proper academic standards with what is essentially open admission . 
  e.g. , last semester we had close to 70 % fail an undergraduate exam in theoretical computer science and that was n't unusual ( this particular class is a make-or-break course for computer science students ) . 
   additionally , the exam system is very different . 
  in germany , time is very short and the exams are long but have easy questions . 
  in spain , you have two questions and three-four hours , but the questions are hard and not straightforward with what you have learnt in the class . 
  what you describe for spain is basically what we have going on here , too ; three hour exams with hard questions ( well , actually a range from moderately easy to very hard ) . 
  except that we have more questions , but that may be an engineering vs. humanities thing ( you ca n't really test a semester 's worth of math or computer science with just a couple of questions ) . 
  the `` time is short , but many easy questions '' style is something that i 've more commonly seen in america , especially in high school and early undergraduate courses . 
   more exams does n't mean that it 's easier . 
  first of all , i was thinking primarily about homework . 
  homework is n't part of your grade here in germany because it 's cheaper : students are encouraged to work in groups , which means less work for tas ( and you do n't have to be police academic misconduct ) , but also means that you ca n't really use it for individual assessment . 
  when you grade homework , it 's really more of an assessment of a student 's ability to put in the effort , since you do n't have hard time constraints . 
  second , we do a midterm in some of the more critical courses here . 
  the experience is that having two exams instead of one reduces failure rates . 
  again , it 's more expensive ( additional ta hours ) and additional work for the professor , but it generally means that fewer students fail . 
   i did actually , and here 's an example . 
  that test is for getting your degree in engineering , and it 's no harder than any test i ever took in a fluid dynamics/thermodynamics class . 
  i was specifically talking about introductory math courses , not college-exclusive material . 
  here 's the issue i am trying to describe : an undergraduate degree in continental europe typically takes three years as opposed to four years in america . 
  a major reason is that in the typical european educational system , calculus is something that every student does in 11th grade , while in america it 's an ap course . 
  this means that if you graduated from the german and french school system and then went to the us to do a degree there , you would have an additional year to essentially learn the same things and the first 1-2 years would have more transitional classes than at home . 
  you could also generally get college credit for classes you took in the * lyc\u00e9e * or * gymnasiale oberstufe * . 
  but that 's why i was talking specifically about calculus , which is part of this transitional period where american students are still being eased into college ( relatively speaking ) . 
  obviously , once you graduate , things start to be better aligned ( modulo the quality of your university ) . 
  for example , there 's precious little difference between the abstract algebra classes that i took as part of my ph.d. and the ones they offer here . 
   i agree that high school education here has to be reformed . 
  but higher education is something different altogether , and i do n't see evidence that higher education in europe is vastly superior to that in the u.s. first , to repeat myself , i am not talking about higher education in europe being superior ; if i had the choice between a free ride at mit and pretty much any german university , i 'd almost certainly pick mit ( if i had to pay for it , maybe not , but that 's more a question of whether the additional value is worth the price , not whether there is additional value ) . 
  the german experience is much more of a no frills thing , and while that creates additional challenges for students , that is * not * a positive thing . 
  simply put : student numbers in germany have risen by more than 30 % over the past 7-8 years , but funding has n't increased to match that . 
  this funding shortage means worse faculty/student and ta/student ratios , no money for that middle tier of bureaucracy that exists to make an american university run smoothly ( which makes even simple things such as signing up for courses more of a challenge ) , or shorter library hours . 
  second , my reason for harping about high school education is that it affects college education . 
  when a good chunk of early american college education involves doing stuff that french and german students do in high school , that affects college , too . 
   i do n't see how having an office hour once a week ( which is usually the case ) means they 're `` holding our hands '' . 
  i think you 're getting too hung up on a word here . 
  look , as an american faculty member at a german university , i have to deal with a fair amount of inquiries by potential american students about whether tuition-free education in germany is an option for them . 
  and i 've learned to be honest and a bit blunt here ( because they tend to be overly optimistic ) , so this is how i generally phrase that they have to do more things themselves ( because of a worse staff/student ratio and fewer university resources ) . 
  but realistically , that 's how it is . 
  if you do n't believe me , you can find plenty of experience reports by american students in germany to confirm my assessment . 
   do you have any sources for this claim ? 
  i did my undergrad at an american university , and i 'm currently in grad school at an american university . 
  i did everything up to and including my ph.d. in america ( theoretical computer science ) and am teaching at a german university now ( and was at a british university before that ) . 
  my point here is in the us your grades are usually a combination of homework , midterms , and finals . 
  in germany ( and many other european countries ) , your entire grade generally rides on a single ( and hard ) exam . 
  note that `` more forgiving '' does not necessarily mean that individual exams are easier , just that you have more options to compensate for mistakes . 
   that 's exactly how it is at american universities . 
  where in the world did you hear that college students in the u.s. are having their hands held ? 
  personal experience . 
  for example , professors offering more office hours in the us , as i had already indicated in my comment . 
   that is a claim that very much needs evidence . 
  a random question someone posted on stack overflow is not evidence . 
  google is your friend . 
  looking up sample exams online is n't hard . 
  note also that i did n't say anything about * all * american universities . 
   just as a disclaimer , i 'm not trying to claim that american universities are superior to european ones . 
  i 'm just tired of the `` mericans r dumb '' trope , and the universal assumption that american schools are all easy compared to european ones . 
  the evidence does not support this claim , but no evidence is needed because this is the automatic assumption everyones makes .
