  the letter reflects that : m\u00fcller is annoyed that even though the commission has no actual power to regulate vw , it is using the powers that it has to raise a stink . 
  this is not how any of this works . 
   currently , the ` government ' of the eu , the commission and its president , is not elected by the voters or by parliament ; instead the council ( remember , the presidents and prime ministers ) appoints the president and has great influence over the remaining commissioners . 
  this is incorrect ; it is sort of like saying that the british pm is not elected , because he or she is chosen by the queen . 
  the nomination/appointment of the president of the european commission is a formality these days ; the president of the european commission is picked and elected by the european parliament , [ based on the ep elections ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/president_of_the_european_commission#spitzenkandidaten ) . 
  it goes to the lead candidate of the largest group in the ep that can command a majority there . 
  that lead candidate ( currently , jean-claude juncker ) explicitly ran for that office during the european elections . 
  if voters were too ignorant to let this inform their votes , that 's the fault of uninformed voters . 
  the other commissioners are selected by the member states in consultation with the commission president ( principle of subsidiarity is in play here ) and need confirmation by the european parliament . 
  no , this is not automatic ; see what happened to alenka bratu\u0161ek . 
  this is not different from how things work in most member states ; in fact , ministers may not even need confirmation hearings in most member states . 
   the commission is not directly held accountable and controlled by the european parliament , another deficit the council could solve rather easily . 
  completely wrong . 
  the european parliament can at any time remove the commission through a motion of censure , per article 234 tfeu . 
  this is not a theoretical threat , either : it 's what happened to the santer commission . 
   the european parliament does not have the power to initiate the legislative process by drafting a law , only the commission ( controlled by the council ) has that power . 
  this is a valid point ( sort of ) , but also vastly exaggerated . 
  first , the european parliament has the power to amend legislation . 
  it can in theory take any ec legislation and tack amendments on to it . 
  in practice , the european parliament proposes legislation by requesting the european commission to do so ( article 225 ) . 
  this has two purposes : drafting legislation that works for all 28 member states is actually pretty complicated , and the european commission functions as a sort of civil service in this regard . 
  second , it introduces an additional veto point : the drafters of the treaties were less interested in making sure that legislation was easy , but to add lots of checks and balances . 
  a legislative process dominated by the european parliament could easily devolve into a tyranny of the majority , especially as votes there tend to occur along party lines and may disregard interests of the member states or practical concerns . 
  importantly , the european commission is dependent on the european parliament for passing legislation . 
  the ep can block legislation by an unreasonably recalcitrant commission and in the worst case , also remove them . 
  be careful what you ask for : by making the european parliament more powerful , you 're also removing important checks and balances . 
  keep in mind that the eu is a confederation : the legislature needs to not only represent the interests of a majority of the people by political alignment , but also as citizens of their respective member states . 
  the really tedious part is , however , that most of the time that somebody complains about the democratic deficits of the eu , they do n't even seem to understand how the eu actual works and are working based off some incomplete understanding . 
  i 'm not saying here that the political processes in the eu are perfect or that the institutions do not need reform : but please , do know what you are talking about in the first place . 
  it 's like talking about reforming healthcare with a believer in homeopathy . 
   even if you go by median and include the costs of taxation and healthcare the median american is richer than the median western european . 
  the poor in america are better off than the poor in most of western europe . 
  this subreddit is obsessed with this notion that america is only good for the rich and middle class , which is just blatantly false and is n't grounded in reality . 
  umm , you do realize that i am american , grew up there and lived there most of my life ? 
  that i have actually lived on both sides of the atlantic and know what it 's like ? 
  it 's even simple things such as food deserts ( pretty much an american and to a lesser extent a british problem ) or the lack of good public transportation that makes a lot of a difference , especially for poorer people . 
  in 2015 , [ 42.2 million americans ] ( http://www.feedingamerica.org/hunger-in-america/impact-of-hunger/hunger-and-poverty/hunger-and-poverty-fact-sheet.html?referrer=https://www.google.de/ ) lived in food insecure households , which is a fancy term for regularly not knowing where your next meal comes from . 
   https://fee.org/articles/most-of-europe-is-a-lot-poorer-than-most-of-the-united-states/  https://mises.org/blog/if-sweden-and-germany-became-us-states-they-would-be-among-poorest-states yeah , another pair of articles that do n't understand what gdp is . 
  i 've seen the mises one before , it comes up near the top when you google for it . 
   the social safety net in the us is not something to scoff out . 
  it is extensive , but it is more focused on encouraging people to get back to work instead of lounging around on the governments dime for decades . 
  seriously ? 
  are you really that ignorant ? 
  do you know what the [ waiting lists for section 8 housing ] ( https://www.minnpost.com/cityscape/2013/04/after-six-years-she-finally-got-section-8-housing-and-then-lost-it ) are like , for example ? 
  or fun stuff like the five-year lifetime cap on tanf benefits ? 
   how is that any different from anywhere else in the world ? 
  parental leave depends in the state . 
  paid family leave is something that 's available to 13 % of american workers ( [ so says the bls ] ( https://www.bls.gov/opub/ted/2016/13-percent-of-private-industry-workers-had-access-to-paid-family-leave-in-march-2016.htm ) ) , and primarily to managers and office workers . 
  in europe , it 's eu law , so it 's available to everybody . 
   tenant rights depends on the state . 
  and are generally a joke . 
  please do n't lie to yourself . 
   state schools are extremely cheap . 
  student loans exist . 
  and the average student graduates $ 30k in debt . 
   til europeans do n't need rainy day funds . 
  never said that , they just are n't dependent on them . 
   this just is n't true unless they planned to refine the oil in the country as well as build the cars and then decided to do nothing . 
  if there was a refinery presumably those workers were put to use somewhere else making gdp some other way . 
  imports do not account for gdp at all . 
  it certainly does help lower expenses though . 
  higher consumption = / = higher gdp though a higher gdp allows a higher consumption . 
  this is not how gdp works . 
  gas does n't teleport from the refinery to the tank of your car . 
  you 're forgetting the domestic part of the value chain , plus the fact that gas is heavily taxed . 
  taxes do n't contribute directly to gdp , but they 're inevitably going to be spent , where they generally do . 
  plus , pollution results in externalized costs that also add to gdp . 
   that 's neither good or bad . 
  and i did n't say otherwise ; in fact , i explicitly called it a `` tradeoff '' . 
   looking at median is n't much worse . 
  trump was n't elected by people on the safety net . 
  that demographic is as blue as the deep south is red . 
  he was elected by the working poor . 
  people outside the reach of the safety net facing economic insecurity . 
  you seem to have the odd notion that the social safety net only triggers when unemployed . 
  paid parental leave and childcare benefits primarily benefit the working poor , in fact . 
   wipe your saving out overnight is a bit of an exaggeration . 
  tell that to all the people who had their mortgages foreclosed after the financial crisis . 
  about half of all americans [ live paycheck to paycheck ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2016/05/my-secret-shame/476415/ ) . 
  careful , gdp is a thoroughly misleading measure for standard of living . 
  examples : * us healthcare spending is much higher than that of other developed countries , without delivering a higher standard of care . 
  * the dutch and danes constantly hurt their gdp by cycling so much instead of driving gas guzzlers . 
  in general , the american economy tends to be fairly inefficien . 
  but inefficiencies still add to your gdp . 
  there 's a famous [ quote by bobby kennedy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77idkfqxbuy ) that discusses that . 
  which is not to say that the us is poor -- this is also often exaggerated . 
  if you 're middle class or above , america can be a pretty darn nice place to live . 
  but : * americans work considerably more than europeans [ without actually beating france and germany ] ( http://piketty.blog.lemonde.fr/2017/01/09/of-productivity-in-france-and-in-germany/ ) in terms of productivity ( gdp per hour worked ) . 
  there 's a tradeoff between income and work-life balance here . 
  at some point , working more does not buy you better quality of life . 
  * america has the [ third-highest income inequality ] ( http://www.oecd.org/social/inequality.htm ) in the developed world . 
  it 's pretty great to be upper middle class or above in america , but it sucks to be poor and not just because the social safety net is pretty threadbare . 
  trump was n't elected by people who were happy with their lives . 
  gdp per capita is an average , it does n't show you the bottom rungs of the social ladder . 
  * economic insecurity is a big problem for many middle class families . 
  there are plenty of occurrences that can wipe out your savings overnight . 
  it can be difficult to deal with an unexpected pregnancy due to lack of paid parental leave . 
  tenants mostly have little rights , so everybody wants to own a home , so you need to take out a mortgage . 
  you also need to save up or go into debt if you want your children go to college . 
  depending on your healthcare plan , you may need a rainy day fund for a high deductible .
