  i 'd start with dan quayle myself . 
  examples :  `` we have a firm commitment to nato , we are a * part * of nato . 
  we have a firm commitment to europe . 
  we are a * part * of europe . '', 
  or :  `` i believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy - but that could change . '', 
  or :  `` mars is essentially in the same orbit . 
  mars is somewhat the same distance from the sun , which is very important . 
  we have seen pictures where there are canals , we believe , and water . 
  if there is water , that means there is oxygen . 
  if oxygen , that means we can breathe . '', 
  that 's called economic growth . 
  in fact , increased consumption from population growth , in part due to immigration , [ has actually been a major driver of the current recovery ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/special-report/21647785-what-more-important-state-economy-or-peoples-wages-answer-might ) . 
  well , first of all , out of the entire welfare spending in the uk , about 2/3 are spent on healthcare and pensions ; the rest is split across a lot of individually minor stuff , with disability living allowance and housing benefits being the biggest chunks , and housing benefits -- that 's for british citizens and foreigners combined , and eu jobseekers ca n't claim housing benefits -- amounting to less than 2.5 % of the uk 's budget . 
  see the [ interactive demo for 2011-2012 here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/interactive/2012/dec/04/public-spending-uk-2011-12-interactive ) . 
  i 'd be surprised if the total benefits for eu migrants added up to much more than 1 % of the uk 's budget . 
  if even that much , given that they are [ much less likely to be recipients of benefits ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/nov/05/eu-migrants-uk-gains-20bn-ucl-study ) than uk citizens in the first place ( not surprising , given the many barriers for eu foreigners to actually receive benefits in britain ) . 
  keep also in mind that there 's more immigration to great britain from outside the eu than from within the eu . 
  there are over 1.6 million british pakistani and british bangladeshi in the uk and they are at [ high risk of poverty ] ( http://www.poverty.org.uk/06/index.shtml ) . 
  and those are not a problem and little more than statistical noise . 
  see what i wrote about misinformation campaigns . 
  unemployment numbers among eu migrants are not higher than among brits . 
  out of [ over two million eu foreigners living in the uk ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/5cd640f6-9025-11e3-a776-00144feab7de.html ) , only 65,000 [ claim jsa benefits ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11255425/how-much-do-immigrants-really-claim-in-benefits.html ) . 
  most of those receive contribution-based jsa ( i.e because they paid ni before ) . 
  this is not really surprising , since the uk has about the crappiest welfare benefits of the affluent eu countries . 
  if welfare tourism were a big problem , germany or sweden would make much juicier targets . 
  i can tell you right now that this is not going to happen . 
  free movement for workers is one of the bedrock principles of the single market , going back to the treaty of rome when it was still the eec . 
  this is one thing where the eu will not budge an inch and where they 'll see the uk leave rather than dealing with the consequences of weakening the single market . 
  even more so since most of the criticism is based on misinformation campaigns and the eu will rightly expect that the british government should stand up against them rather than feeding them . 
  i shall inform frederick william , crown prince of prussia , to avoid smoking at all costs , as this will greatly shorten his life and cause his beloved victoria great pain . 
  and this , ladies and gentlemen , is why voting machines are a step back . 
  leaving a paper trail . 
  amateurs ... 
  the primary reason is that huge consumer-facing companies have a hard time in a market made up of 28 separate countries speaking 24 different languages . 
  note that even amazon only has a presence in part of the eu . 
  europe is generally doing fine in the b2b sector , it 's just that the average person has never heard of most of these companies ; they probably do n't even know arm or sap . 
  aside from these general observations , there are a number of special aspects to consider : * google : even microsoft has trouble competing with them ( through bing ) . 
  the main issue here is that ( according to a post by a bing developer a while ago ) is that there 's a finite supply of search specialists of the necessary caliber , and google has hired most of them . 
  * facebook : facebook 's early problems were that nobody saw how such a company could be profitable with incredibly low revenues per user . 
  the answer was that they had to scale to a massive size , which would not have been possible in a smaller country . 
  * paypal : paypal got its start by skirting banking regulations . 
  paypal 's reputation was pretty dirty in its early years . 
  they have cleaned up their act since then , but that 's how they got their foot in the door . 
  * amazon : amazon actually entered the german market simply by buying the dominant german online bookseller and taking over their business . 
  also , amazon has a presence in only part of the eu , because localizing their services for all eu countries is not cost-effective . 
  * netflix : netflix actually has several competitors where i currently live ( germany ) . 
  * steam : pay and working conditions in the video games industry are bad ( not at valve , as far as i know , but the companies that produce the games ) . 
  there 's lots of stuff going on there that simply would n't fly under european labor laws , and for good reasons . 
  in any event , not a business model you necessarily want to emulate . 
  i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  keep in mind that labour actually gained something like 3.6 % and 15 seats in england ; the conservatives just gained more . 
  this seems to be more a story of the other parties divvying up the libdem 's bloody corpse . 
  to put it differently , the conservative/libdem coalition actually lost a couple dozen seats combined ( and a huge share of the vote , though most of that went to ukip , where it was wasted ) . 
  i do n't see the uk leaving the eu . 
  it will annoy the tories to no end having to campaign for staying in the eu , but neither eea membership nor efta membership ( with conditions that the rest of the eu would find agreeable ) will fix the issues the ukip crowd has with the eu ( arguably , eea membership would be even worse ) , and anything less than that would be really , really bad for the british economy . 
  these are the costs of labor per hour worked . 
  for analyzing competitiveness , unit labor costs are a better metric . 
  hold your horses . 
  i 'm an agnostic myself . 
  but the original comment ( note the / s = sarcasm tag ) implied that german terrorists usually are n't atheist . 
  except that by far the biggest ever terrorism problem that germany had ( well , post-ww2 , anyway ) originated with a group that happened to be atheist , while actual islamist acts of terror on german soil have been pretty limited so far ; there were a few plans to commit acts of terror ( in particular the sauerland cell [ 1 ] ) , but the only attack that was actually carried out was the 2011 frankfurt airport shooting . 
  [ 1 ] and two of the four ringleaders of the sauerland cell were germans , born in germany , with german parents and ancestry . 
   yeah , those damn atheist german terrorists again . 
  / s yeah , [ them ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_army_faction ) . 
  no / s necessary . 
  the worst terrorism that ever actually hit germany was very much made in germany . 
  gudrun ensslin was the daughter of a pastor , and ulrike meinhof had been a member of the protestant reform movement , but in general the raf was a hard left , atheist group . 
  the problem with this is that gdp per hours worked is a very crude measure of productivity and not necessarily what the average person would call `` productive '' . 
  for example , if the us health care system were as efficient as the average european one , us gdp would instantly drop by a few percent . 
  an american doctor gets paid a lot more than a french doctor , and so contributes more to gdp , but on most metrics , french healthcare is actually superior . 
  similarly , low energy intensity -- i.e. 
  where you 're being wasteful with energy -- actually makes you more productive in the economic sense , because burning more oil/using more electricity drives gdp up . 
  as another example , norway has an absurdly high productivity not because its workers are that much more efficient than those in other oecd countries , but because it 's an oil-rich country . 
  digging up liquid gold does wonders for your gdp , so to speak , but it 's not because the people doing it work more efficiently than , say , a swiss engineer . 
  the ban of the death penalty in the eu charter is absolute ( article 2 ( 2 ) , `` no one shall be condemned to the death penalty , or executed '' ) . 
  the eu charter is part of the lisbon treaty and hungary would be in violation of its treaty obligations . 
  then , the eu commission could initiate proceedings under article 260 of the treaty on the functioning of the european union and have the court of justice impose a lump sum penalty , a recurring penalty payment ( unless hungary mends its ways ) , or both . 
  these fines could be substantial ( we 're talking about multiple millions per incident/month ) , but if hungary were willing to eat the fines ( even tens of millions of euro would only be a fraction of hungary 's public spending ) , it is still a sovereign state and could do it anyway . 
  ( though in theory , the eu commission could also crank up the penalties for , say , gross and intentional violations of the fundamentals rights guaranteed by the the eu charter . ), 
  well ... my husband is english , we 've been together for almost 15 years now , and between 2005 and 2013 , we did live in scotland . 
  so , i happen to be pretty familiar with british politics . 
  for what it 's worth , i 'd probably vote snp if i could ( and i suspect my husband actually will ) . 
  because , well , it 's a center-left party that overall has been implementing and proposing pretty sane policies while in government . 
  my only real concern with them would have been independence ( not that i do n't sympathize , but i think it would have been economically disastrous ) , but that 's off the table , at least for now . 
  i note that i 'm hardly in perfect agreement with snp policies ( aside from independence , i have fairly pragmatic concerns about their criminal justice policies ) , but they 're a lot closer to my own preferences than any of the other parties . 
  in principle , yes . 
  greek debt is currently 160 % of gdp ; while this is a lot , the uk ( for example ) had a debt of over 200 % of gdp post-ww2 and recovered from it . 
  a decade of economic growth should be able to fix it . 
  the problem is that the eu 's current obsession with austerity is n't conducive to economic growth anywhere ( it 's not like germany 's economy is projected to grow much , either ) . 
  and without its economy growing , greece wo n't be able to pay back its debts , either . 
   the rest has no excuse for fucking up their countries themselves , with civil war being the highest state of a fuckup . 
  first , most refugees displaced by civil wars did n't have any role in getting it started . 
  they 're simply victims . 
  second , at least the syrian civil war is partly a byproduct of the iraq war [ 1 ] . 
  the iraq war , to remind you , was started by the `` coalition of the willing '' , led by the us and the uk . 
  now , i did n't vote for george w. bush and i suspect you probably did n't vote for tony blair , but according to what you say above , every citizen of a country is fully culpable for every `` fuckup '' committed by their country and has to assume full responsibiliy . 
  so i recommend that you 'll take care of your share of the several million syrian refugees that the uk according to your own logic has responsibility for . 
  it ca n't be more than a few hundred thousand refugees or so that the uk has to deal with , do n't you worry . 
  plus , of course , a reasonable fraction of the iraqi refugees . 
  it is , after all , our `` fuckup '' and therefore our responsibility to deal with the consequences .
