  also , it puts the us on an even playing field with the uk when it comes to competing for eu researchers , where previously the absence of a tedious immigration process was an advantage . 
  especially if this is done in the typical theresa may style . 
  and do n't forget there 's plenty more to science than just hiring foreign researchers . 
  we 're also talking about funding ( not just the eu , but also industry ) , international collaborations , and so forth , all of which will become harder . 
  ( american government paranoia post 9/11 caused a * lot * of friction for science . ), 
  oh , and about `` refraining from commercial activities '' . 
  do you really want to stop scientists from starting commercial spin-offs of successful research ? 
  would you rather have them take those abroad ? 
  yes , but the uk will hurt one way or the other if they leave the eu ( unless they choose the eea option , in which case the leave advocates will have egg on their faces for decades to come ) . 
  there 's no real need to make things worse for the uk than they already are . 
   * negotiating a trade deal in parallel would likely be possible once the air had cleared . 
   * informal negotiation would also likely be possible prior to invoking article 50 even if formal negotiation is improbable . 
  yup . 
  both sides are currently staking out maximal initial negotiation positions . 
  but they are also politicians , trained in finding compromises that give the biggest benefit . 
  and because trade is n't a zero-sum game , and an economically suffering uk would n't be great for the eu , either , we can expect that they 'll be far more flexible than they are indicating now ( barring some real read lines ) . 
   the lisbon treaty does n't really address any of these problems i 've mentioned . 
  yes , but yours are not the only problems people have with the eu . 
  and as you claimed that `` the '' problems had been left to fester for 10-20 years , i found it necessary to point out that this is hardly the case ; while some remain , others have been resolved or mitigated . 
   the posted workers directive may require the application of universally applicable collective bargaining agreements to posted workers , but the swedish system does not have universally applicable collective agreements . 
  i note that the posted workers directive also allows for using collective bargaining agreements that are not universally binding . 
  these options may still not be realistic for sweden , i just wanted to clarify that it is n't just universally binding collective bargaining agreements that can be employed . 
   in the so-called laval case a secondary strike of a type that have long been considered an element of the swedish model was determined to be illegal . 
  true , but the posted workers directive was only indirectly involved . 
  the primary problem here was the issue of balancing freedom of establishment vis-\u00e0-vis sympathy strikes ( there were also issues of the transparency of the collective bargaining system in sweden ) ; the posted workers directive was only involved insofar as in the cjeu 's opinion it could n't be used to justify sympathy strikes . 
  for what it 's worth , i think that the cjeu also got that wrong , but bad court decisions can be dealt with through legislation . 
  and as a matter of fact , legislation to reform the situation of posted workers is being [ debated at the moment ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-16-467_en.htm ) . 
   to see beggars on the streets is beyond disturbing . 
  i do not disagree with that , but it is worth pointing out that there is no freedom of movement for beggars in the eu ; the citizens rights directive establishes freedom of movement only for the gainfully employed or self-employed , for students , and for those who can support themselves independently , as well as their families . 
  strictly speaking , what you should therefore take issue with in this regard is the schengen agreement , not freedom of movement . 
  that said , i am not sure how many people would give up schengen or whether that would actually resolve the situation . 
  for example , there is plenty of unwanted mexican immigration into the us , even though the border is technically controlled . 
   finally , you do not address my more fundamental point about how trade undermines national animal rights legislation - and that one is quite fundamental to everything the eu does . 
  i did n't address that because i am honestly not sufficiently familiar with that problem to render an opinion . 
  improved democratization in particular . 
  for example : * the power of the european parliament was greatly strengthened because the codecision procedure now applies to virtually all eu legislation ( and was renamed as the ordinary legislative procedure in the process ) . 
  this not only involves the ep in far more legislation directly , it also gives it greater bargaining power vis-\u00e0-vis the commission and the council . 
  this was leveraged , inter alia , into creating the `` lead candidates '' system , by which voters had a say in the choice of the commission president . 
  * the charter of fundamental rights of the european union was adopted as legally binding for the eu . 
  it constrains eu legislation and facilitates judicial review of eu law that contravenes the rights enshrined therein . 
  you may want to mouse over my flair to understand that your assumption is wrong . 
   well , considering that the problems have been left to fester for 10-20 years i do n't see why we should expect anything to be done now . 
  i am not following you there . 
  the eu has been constantly reforming itself over the past decades . 
  the lisbon treaty in particular was a major step forward . 
  obviously , you ca n't fix everything at once , but there have been significant improvements . 
   we 've seen the posting of workers directive bypass swedish collective agreements and undermining swedish collective bargaining can you elaborate on that ? 
  the posted workers directives ensures minimum labor standards matching those in the host state , * requires * the application of universally applicable collective bargaining agreements to posted workers and allows the application of other collective bargaining agreements to posted workers . 
  while i would n't be surprised to see that there are unintended consequences to the law , the intent of the posted worker directive is clearly to strengthen the rights of posted workers and to have them equally covered by collective bargaining agreements where possible , so as not to undermine the labor market situation by importing workers and to avoid `` social dumping '' . 
   have seen free movement lead to roma beggars on every streetcorner it has always been clear that free movement has both benefits and costs ; but in general , the benefits of free movement seem to greatly outweigh the costs . 
  he 's barking up the wrong tree . 
  defining the elements of a crime is orthogonal to the burden of proof , but he conflates the two . 
  the goal of a consent-based law is not to make proving the crime easier but to ( 1 ) close gaps in the existing laws where a rapist could get away scot-free and ( 2 ) set a social norm that non-consensual sex is n't acceptable . 
  just as the non-consensual acquisition of somebody else 's property -- normally known as theft or robbery -- is n't acceptable , even if it does n't occur by way of force , threats , or through exploiting the helplessness of the owner . 
  fischer is an interesting character with a very unusual biography for a federal judge . 
  that 's normally a good thing -- he has considerably more life experience than the average federal judge [ 1 ] -- but he does enjoy a bit of controversy and this has been a particular shtick of his . 
  note that he is not only a federal judge but also the author of one of the preeminent commentaries on the german penal code . 
  he is very intelligent , but when addressing a general audience , he often writes more like a litigator than a judge or scholar ( i.e. 
  taking a position and arguing it rather than exploring all aspects of a particular problem ) . 
  [ 1 ] he worked as a carpenter , rock musician , and parcel delivery driver ; he was conscripted , then became a conscientious objector ; he also studied german and was planning on becoming a writer before studying law . 
   your second case is clearly covered by the the third aspect of the law . 
  no , it is n't . 
  read up on the case law , please . 
  this is not how the german courts interpret the law . 
   the majority of cases has the issue of reliability of proof however , and this is not simply solved by any law . 
  burden of proof is a problem that is orthogonal to the definition of what is and is n't a criminal act . 
  no , this is not what helplessness in the sense of \u00a7 177 stgb means . 
  if the victim is unconscious , [ \u00a7 179 stgb ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p1578 ) applies ( which covers all cases where the victim is physically unable to resist ) . 
  to expand on that , there were a number of situations where sexual assault was n't punishable as a matter of law . 
  for example : 1 . 
  exploiting a situation where the victim was surprised . 
  exploiting a situation where the victim was afraid of the perpetrator ( such as a violent ex ) , but no actual threat was uttered , even if the victim clearly and unambiguously refused consent . 
  on top of that , the courts have historically interpreted the criteria of `` force '' and `` helplessness '' very narrowly , sometimes to the point of absurdity . 
  for example , if the victim did not physically resist -- or did not resist enough -- it often was n't considered rape , because the perpetrator did not actually use ( much ) physical force . 
  similarly , victims were not considered helpless if they could conceivably call for help or run away , even if they were too afraid to do that . 
  if the rape took place in a multi-family home , for example , the victim was generally not considered helpless . 
  i note that while the events of cologne brought all that to a head -- because a large number of sexual assaults ( or what would have been sexual assault elsewhere ) could embarrassingly enough only be prosecuted as `` insults '' -- , a change to the law had been in the works for quite some time , due to the aforementioned problems . 
   wonderful article . 
  it lists you one of the major issues with the eu . 
  how it tries to interfere with internal affairs , which do not affect any other country , taking away our hard-fought sovereignty and freedom . 
  no , it 's a bad article . 
  the `` rule of law framework '' comes with zero enforcement powers ; the commission can only write recommendations ; this is done in cooperation with the fundamental rights agency ( an advisory eu body ) and the venice commission ( an advisory body of the council of europe , i.e. 
  not an eu institution ) . 
  it can not actually interfere in a member state 's internal affairs . 
  the commission can threaten to try and invoke article 7 , but it could do that regardless ( and given that it requires unanimity in the council and the consent of the ep , it 's very difficult to pull off ) . 
  what the rule of law framework essentially does is adding an intermediate step that the commission has to follow before pulling the trigger on article 7 . 
  the major reason why this is an issue is that this is potentially embarrassing for poland ; but the major reason why it is potentially embarrassing is that the recommendation is backed by [ an assessment of the independent venice commission ] ( http://www.venice.coe.int/webforms/documents/?pdf=cdl-ad ( 2016 \\ ) 001-e ) and that that assessment was requested by the polish government itself . 
   higher education as a reason sounds strange if you consider that its nearly completely free in many eu countries . 
  we 're talking about the third quarter of the 20th century here , a time where the percentage of college graduates in many countries was still under 10 % or barely got into the double digits . 
  it also caused resentment among non-college going taxpayers and was in the end effectively killed by a popular initiative . 
  these days , silicon valley is successful because of the critical mass of developers , entrepreneurs , and investors in a geographically compact area . 
  ( though some would argue that the current vc lottery is n't actually a good thing and does n't drive progress the same way the old silicon valley did . ), 
  education also was n't the only factor , it was the confluence of several effects ; land in silicon valley was cheap at the time , for example . 
  but the existence of several world class universities in and around silicon valley that were churning out graduates helped a lot . 
  finally , a major reason why higher education is free or affordable in many eu countries is exactly because investment in a skilled labor force has an excellent roi . 
  this has a number of different reasons . 
  * part of it is because of differences between [ america 's modern anti-trust regimen ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2016/03/our-four-decade-antitrust-experiment-has-failed ) and eu anti-trust policy ( which is more in line with older american anti-trust policy ) . 
  briefly , modern american anti-trust policy is more tolerant of monopolies and de facto cartels in the name of consumer welfare . 
  the eu is still more wary of real large companies , both for their economic and their political power ; the existing ones can be bad enough . 
  * big firms represent a bigger risk for the smaller european economies should they fail ; observe what nokia meant for finland .
