   they also allow to enter without passport control because dublin iii was suspended but schengen not . 
  first , the article you cite carries a date over a month after the bamf decision . 
  it 's unrelated . 
  second , i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here : there 's no practical way to do border control vis-\u00e0-vis asylum seekers . 
  asylum seekers , passport or no , can claim asylum at the border . 
  at this point , the only option germany had was to ( 1 ) start processing them -- even if they were to send them back under dublin later -- or ( 2 ) leave them in austria ( in which case austria would have been flooded ) . 
  whether they have a passport or not is irrelevant for this ( not in the least because many totalitarian regimes do n't allow their citizens to have or carry passports ) . 
  this would be true even if schengen did n't exist . 
  schengen is irrelevant : the problem is that you have a number of people with no country to send them back to , either because of the constraints of international law or because the other country does n't want them . 
  asylum seekers do n't magically disappear just because you deny them entry . 
  they 'll simply pile up in the adjacent countries or find a way around . 
  once they are on your territory , you 're forced to deal with them . 
  that the authorities were overwhelmed is nothing new , but also not a policy decision that the german government made . 
  it started when hungary began forwarding refugees ( in violation of dublin ) by the trainload . 
   i 'm sorry , but it 's naive to think that not giving them benefits will solve the problem . 
  and i 'm not saying that . 
  you have to look at the entire set of policies , not just one aspect in isolation . 
  but you asked how deportation can be managed , and that could be one piece of the puzzle . 
   ok , this is a solution , but then you just validated their illegal entry to a country by giving them money . 
  i do n't think it 's a terribly great idea . 
  politics is the art of the possible . 
  when you are in a situation where you have finite resources to deal with a problem , then sometimes you have to pick the cheap solution , not the best ( but expensive ) one . 
  in the end , `` validating their illegal entry '' is a purely moral argument , and once you consider what a shitty life they were fleeing on , it 's not a particularly strong one . 
  yes , they broke the rules , but the difference between them and ( say ) me is simply that i was lucky to be born in an affluent country . 
  that we ca n't fix global inequality easily and ca n't help all of africa by inviting them in does not give us the right to sneer at them . 
  having to send such `` economic '' refugees back is more of a bitter necessity than something that anybody should be proud of . 
  and criticizing them for breaking rules in the process , well , it 's like the international version of anatole france 's famous words : `` the law , in its majestic equality , forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges , to beg in the streets , and to steal bread . '', 
   i generally agree with this , but a seasoned politician like her should 've expected something like this to happen . 
  it would have happened regardless of what she said . 
  you just have to look at how the bamf tweet was twisted in order to feed the clickbait addiction of online media . 
   saying that there is no upper limit for refugees from syria with a valid claim to asylum is a completely reasonable thing to say . 
  again , she did n't say that . 
  you 're editorializing . 
   you could say that `` accelerating processing of obviously unjustified asylum claims and being more aggressive about deportations '' is such a claim . 
  i respectfully disagree : it 's much harder to deport people that are already in the country than to never let them in . 
  they process the 800k applications : let 's say ( very optimistically ) that 20 % are unjustified . 
  how do you deport 160 000 unwilling people ? 
  where do you deport them to ( they most likely wo n't have passports ) ? 
  first , as has been noted , this is a game of perceptions . 
  insofar as asylum seekers go by this , they are not going to perform deep policy analysis . 
  they generally can not realistically estimate how credible a threat of deportation is . 
  second , your numbers are made up . 
  last year , germany rejected 65 % of applications , not 20 % . 
  and only about 1.5 % of asylum seekers in the eu were of unknown origin last year ( [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_statistics ) ) . 
  lack of a passport is not a major problem in practice . 
  you deport unwilling people the same way that any other policing happens ; that usually involves the use of sanctioned force ( not force as in `` violence '' , but force as in arrests/escorting them back ) . 
  this has been done sparingly not because it 's impossible , but because it 's expensive ( easily about the same cost as housing and feeding a person for a year ) . 
  most unjustified claims come from the balkan countries . 
  note also that you do n't necessarily need deportations . 
  one of the proposed measures for asylum seekers from europe ( and yes , there are huge number of them ) is to not give them benefits , but only a rail ticket home plus food for the journey . 
  asylum seekers from outside europe are often repatriated via assisted return programs ( because they 're generally cheaper than deportations ) . 
  they get a plane ticket plus enough money to get them started back up , but which is not enough of an incentive to risk another trip across the sahara and the mediterranean again . 
  but again , we 're talking here about perceptions , not about actual options for implementing such a policy . 
   you can not deny that merkel used the whole thing for publicty ( when the brunt of the problem have n't reached them yet ) : she was taking selfies with random migrants . 
  even if the statements were dismissed as quoting the law you can not deny that it was a stupid thing to do and reinforced the migrants ' notions of the german willkommenskultur . 
  the thing that you have to keep in mind here is that she has to deal with other concerns , too . 
  the german government not only has to worry about the refugee influx , but also about the safety of asylum seekers and refugees in germany . 
  if she stood with pegida and friends , there 's a realistic concern that this would lead to an increase in violence against refugees . 
  so she has to walk a fine line between making sure that there 's no hostility towards refugees in germany , but also to not sound too welcoming . 
  her actual problem is that the press only reported half of the story . 
  and i did n't say that . 
  kindly read what the op was talking about :  this is what happens when you say that everyone * from a certain country * is welcome . 
  the op did n't make any claim that everybody regardless of country of origin was welcome , so i did n't discuss such a ( hypothetical ) claim . 
  the reality in the eu is that practically all syrian asylum seekers have an airtight claim to protection * as soon as they make it to the eu * under the [ qualification directive ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2011:337:0009:0026:en:pdf ) ( article 18 in conjunction with article 15 ( c ) ) , irrespective of what the german government says or has said . 
   it was not just this one thing , it 's the whole politics and rethorics of germany leaded by merkel that causes the huge rise of immigration . 
  that whole thing started and had spiraled out of control before she had even said a word herself . 
  and if you look at the actual primary sources ( press conference transcripts , interviews ) , you 'll see a different picture . 
  there is a reason why criticism inside germany tends to focus more on her ( and the federal government 's ) mishandling of the logistics of the refugee crisis and not on largely fictitious claims about her rolling out the welcome mat . 
   merkel does n't miss any oportunity to say that refugees are welcome , that germany has moral duty to take care of every refugee , that there is no limit for asylum seekers etc. 
  i ca n't believe that i 'm defending merkel here , but you are seriously misrepresenting her ( or more likely , repeating what you 've read in the news ) . 
  please provide actual and complete quotes , and i 'll have to insist on primary sources , because the reporting has often artfully altered and abridged what was actually said . 
  for example , reporting tends to omit her statements about accelerating processing of obviously unjustified asylum claims and being more aggressive about deportations . 
  they also tend to be , umm , creatively imprecise about what she actually says about the right to asylum . 
  out of context quote . 
  he said that germany 's capacity was not unlimited , that germany could not agree to take 1-2 million or even 800,000 for several years . 
  the 500,000 number was his estimate for an * upper bound * of what germany could handle . 
  primary source is [ this interview ] ( http://www.zdf.de/zdf/zdfportal/programdata/53f43e4e-1448-3d84-a907-42b7fdd49208/bd065afe-7631-4cb9-88ba-51eab09c361c ) . 
   if you 're a politician and you do n't bother correcting the press and let stories run wild like this you are n't doing your job . 
  the federal office for migration and refugees , which had issued the statement , did try to clarify it , but to no avail . 
   maybe they did n't clearly state that everyone from syria is welcome but that was definitely the message they were trying to convey , politicians are masters of that sort of thing . 
  no , this was not the message . 
  [ 1 ] in english : `` currently , #dublin procedures for syrian citizens will not actually be pursued for the most part . '', 
  you ca n't really be more guarded than that . 
  look : the responsibility for this is on the `` journalists '' who turned a fairly technical statement about a bureaucratic procedure into clickbait crap . 
  [ 1 ] i 'd link the tweet , but the / r/europe automoderator deletes all comments that link to twitter . 
  google the text to find it yourself . 
   this is what happens when you say that everyone from a certain country is welcome . 
  the thing is , the german government never said that . 
  they only said that they had suspended dublin procedures for syrians ; in practice that meant not sending syrian asylum seekers back to hungary or greece to have them processed there . 
  there was not even a promise of asylum , just that germany would process their applications . 
  and that was n't an entirely voluntary decision , but largely the consequence of the courts having begun to disallow deportations back to hungary . 
  the problem lay entirely with the press ( especially the foreign press ) misreporting this . 
  germany is n't the us . 
  the key difference is that the german government has an affirmative duty under the german constitution to provide shelter ( and food , etc. , but that 's not at issue here ) . 
  there is no broad interpretation necessary . 
  in germany , this is a narrowly tailored law to address a legitimate , overriding government interest . 
  remember that the owners retain title to their properties and are basically only required to rent it to the government for the duration ( with a maximum of two years ) and that this law only applies to unused commercial properties . 
   in the us they have to use eminent domain they have to prove it 's serving the ` public good ' though , to better the community basically . 
  lol . 
  ahem .
