  they will hold neither the active nor the passive right to vote . 
  the professions of lawyer and teacher are denied them , also that of theater director . 
   newspapers which have jewish collaborators must make this fact known . 
  the others , which we generally call `` german '' newspapers , may neither be owned by jews nor have jewish editors or reporters . 
  banks that are not purely personal enterprises may not have jewish directors . 
  in future , rural property may not be owned by jews or be mortgaged to jews . 
  so , yes , very much national socialist . 
  cla\u00df was a key influence on nazi ideology . 
  in fact , his book pretty much provided the blueprint for the nuremberg laws . 
   ok , how do enforce that law ? 
  there 's a misunderstanding here . 
  right now , if a refugee shows up in a country , that country is obliged under international law to provide asylum and all the rights that go with that . 
  dublin tried to fix that by allowing countries to send asylum seekers back to countries of entry ; this does n't work anymore , because these countries are overwhelmed . 
  so , now we need a different scheme , and the quota proposal would try to fix dublin for the short term , nothing more , nothing less . 
  the quota proposal would distribute incoming refugees equitably about the eu ; for starters , this would be self-enforcing , because refugees would only be entitled to benefits etc. 
  within their assigned country . 
  if they do n't stay there , they do n't have the right to work , are n't eligible for benefits , etc. 
  their only option for moving anyway would be to work illegally . 
  same as it would have been under dublin if dublin still worked . 
   atm the only solution would be to send army and use lethal weapons . 
  that 's an attempt to deal with a separate problem , reducing the inflow of refugees ; any attempt to pacify syria will take years and may even create more refugees , so it 's not a short-term solution , and it wo n't do anything about refugees from other countries . 
  we ca n't really do anything about refugees from eritrea or iran , say . 
  while syria is the single biggest source of refugees , it 's far from the only one . 
  each year , hundreds of thousands come from other places ( about half a million non-syrian asylum seekers last year alone ) . 
  it 's called the `` normative power of the actual '' . 
  none of the relevant laws were written with this eventuality in mind , so reality asserts itself with overbearing force . 
   also , eastern europe have from little to no muslim communities , what will make em stay here ? 
  not getting shot at or having to dodge grenades ? 
  not being stuck in a totalitarian hellhole like eritrea ? 
  hint : not all refugees come from syria or are muslim . 
  plenty come from countries with a far worse economic situation . 
  those are the three african countries that the most african refugees come from ( eritrea = the african north korea , somalia = ravaged by civil war , nigeria = boko haram terror ) . 
  the details are spelled out in [ \u00a7 18 asylvfg ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_asylvfg/englisch_asylvfg.html#p0127 ) . 
  austria is a safe third country . 
  \u00a7 19 applies when a refugee has already entered the country . 
  the passport is relevant for \u00a7 18 ( 4 ) ; plus , of course , for anybody who can legally cross the border ( such as eu citizens ) . 
  in practice , of course , there are ( 1 ) only so many refugees that can be sent back to austria without austria getting majorly annoyed and ( 2 ) it 's pretty easy to bypass , since the german border is fairly long . 
  once you 're in the country and not in the vicinity of the border anymore , \u00a7 19 applies . 
  check my [ other response ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ks4yc/germany_has_reached_its_limit_says_minister/cv0rb7g ) why this is an apples and oranges comparison . 
   there are eleven million illegal immigrants over here in the us . 
  they are n't starving . 
  apples and oranges . 
  the us is a country without mandatory registration for residents , without a guaranteed minimum income scheme , without a statutory health insurance scheme , and with weak unions , just for starters . 
  the eu already has freedom of movement and has member states with a gdp per capita below that of mexico . 
  the availability of completely legal cheap labor is not a problem . 
  imagine a fictional version of the us that has formed an economic union with mexico with free movement of labor and then reassess your statement . 
  there is very limited room for unskilled labor in the more affluent eu countries . 
  the eu core outsourced most unskilled labor to the periphery long ago . 
  illegal employment practices in the eu core commonly focus on undocumented overtime or other exploitative practices ( such as renting apartments as a place to live to foreign workers at usurious rates ) , as they are far more difficult to prove , but provide unscrupulous employers with similar benefits . 
  actual illegal employment is usually motivated by not having to pay health insurance , unemployment insurance , or pension contributions . 
  in germany , for example , this can account for up to 1/3 of an employer 's employee-related expenses . 
  however , this is mostly attractive for employees who can draw on benefits regardless ( e.g. , working off the books while officially being unemployed ) or who would n't receive them regardless . 
  refugees who accept this kind of work in another eu country give up on benefits ( especially health insurance and unemployment benefits ) that they would get in the country they are assigned to . 
  in short , the incentives are much different . 
  again , this does not mean that there wo n't be illegal employment ; in fact , i 'm pretty sure it would happen ; greed , often to the point of irrationality , is one of the constants in much of human behavior . 
  but you do n't have to have a system that is perfect to get something that mostly works . 
  honestly ? 
  challenging , but ( still ) manageable . 
  what the reporting is about is the situation in munich where all the refugees from hungary arrive and which is slowly becoming overwhelmed . 
  the border controls are basically about the following things : * stop hungary [ 1 ] from forwarding refugees by the trainful and reduce refugee intake to a more manageable pace and/or dispersing refugee intake along the german border . 
  * put pressure on eastern europe to agree to a refugee relocation scheme . 
  * alter the media narrative ( which seems to be working so far , especially for the foreign media that lack the boots on the ground to do actual first-hand reporting ) . 
  [ 1 ] yes , it sucks to be hungary at the moment , but the problem is that germany is unwilling to take all the refugees and most of the rest of europe is unwilling to provide any relief for hungary at all . 
  the solution ( aside from long-term efforts to reduce the number of incoming refugees , which will take a while ) is of course a more equitable distribution of refugees across the eu . 
   and i 'm telling you that i 'm not optimistic enough to consider this sufficient as a deterrent . 
  it 's not meant as a deterrent or expected to be perfect . 
  it 's meant as an improvement on the current situation where there are no policy levers at all . 
  and then they can be dealt with according to the law . 
  plus , living off begging and petty theft with no apartment or house to live in is not exactly a great life , either . 
  you risk fines and/or imprisonment , and in the end your life is n't any better than it would have been where you were originally . 
  plus , most people are n't casual criminals . 
  does this mean that there wo n't be refugees illegally present in another country ? 
  no , but you can limit the percentage who are . 
  well , first of all , what britain ( or at least ukip and the conservatives ) is primarily concerned about is net migration . 
  you can leave people where they are and that wo n't have an effect on net migration . 
  second , what the british government wants and what it can realistically get are two different stories , anyway . 
  it is not impossible to imagine a scenario where the referendum passes , but the british government still agrees to freedom of movement ( eventually ) to retain access to the single market . 
   walk ? 
  we do n't have border controls due to schengen , we 'd have to close the borders again . 
  no , you would n't . 
  as i explained , they 'd have no right to live , work , or draw benefits in another country . 
  and you have to live off something . 
  the problem is that eea comes with freedom of movement ; the uk would not get what they primarily want and lose all influence on policymaking ( eea countries still have to adopt most eu legislation , but do n't have representation in the legislature ) . 
  this may or may not be necessary for membership in efta minus the eea ( the only country that this currently applies to is switzerland ) , but i doubt that the eu will give the uk access to the single market without ( again ) agreeing to freedom of movement ; the freedom of movement issue is [ already a point of contention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/switzerland%e2%80%93european_union_relations#the_2014_referendum ) with switzerland . 
  there are millions of british citizens living in the rest of the eu and millions of eu citizens living in the uk . 
  there is going to be some agreement to deal with that situation . 
   you think they 'll just sit idly that due to a draw they can barely afford food for their family , while cousin ahmed in germany buys another hd tv ? 
  if they do n't have the option to go to germany ( or austria , or the netherlands , or some of the other richer eu countries ) , what will they do about it ? 
   and i really do n't understand how people imagine forceful redistribution of the refugees from germany . 
  the quotas are actually for redistribution away from the primary countries of entry , e.g. 
  hungary , greece , and italy . 
  germany would take refugees under that scheme . 
  there 's a limit to how much capacity for illegal work there is in germany , and germany could turn up the pressure on employers for letting them work illegally to keep it to a minimum . 
  they have domestic policy levers available for this , while they have no policy levers to control intake for refugees not accepted by other countries . 
  to go to the uk , they 'd first have to manage to get through a passport check . 
   how do we plan to force them to stay where they were assigned ? 
  freedom of movement within the eu does not apply to refugees . 
  once they have been assigned , they can be sent back ( which is currently practically impossible ) , and they wo n't be able to get work in another eu country . 
  they can walk to germany all they want , but they wo n't be able to register there , be eligible for benefits , or participate in the economy . 
  you 're mixing up two different things .
