  that 's about asylum applications , which are frequently delayed as the result of backlog . 
  the unhcr stats document the actual arrival of asylum seekers . 
  this should n't surprise anybody who 's been following the [ mediterranean arrival numbers ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2n7ak61.jpg ) [ 1 ] . 
  numbers started to drop in november 2015 and pretty much fell off a cliff in the first couple of months of 2016 . 
  they have been more or less stable since april last year . 
  [ 1 ] the [ current page ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php ) does n't have the 2015 numbers more , hence the screenshot that i took in late december . 
   that being said , the canadian system is in serious trouble and we might well be better off overall with the german system . 
  it would be political suicide to suggest it , though , so , instead , we 'll just wait until the whole thing implodes . 
  i think that even in germany , most people consider having private and statutory insurance as largely separate systems to be a bug , not a feature ; unfortunately , it 's difficult to get rid of ( path dependence , basically ) , though it does n't really make the system more efficient . 
  it 's not a part that you would want to adopt , even if you like the german system otherwise . 
  it 's literally a 19th century relic . 
   this probably sounds totally normal to an american but to a canadian , it sounds incomprehensibly horrifying . 
  we have one system in canada and we are very against queue-skipping . 
  ( unless you are a rich hypocrite - then you go down to the us for private care ! ), 
  the `` queue jumping '' is not actually that binary , as it 's mostly a difference in wait times . 
  also , these days , several of the major public sickness funds offer you a service to make a specialist appointment for you , as long as you do n't need a particular specialist ( note that gp appointments are typically same day already , regardless of insurance status ) . 
  but yeah , it 's not popular in germany , either . 
  for what it 's worth , both my husband and i picked statutory over private health insurance when we moved to germany ( with a private addon insurance ) , though we were both eligible to participate in the private system . 
  there are tradeoffs that can go either way ( the private system is not all good and shares some of the annoying misfeatures of us health insurance , including pre-aca ones [ 1 ] ) . 
  [ 1 ] you can be rejected for preexisting conditions , for example , or have to pay higher rates if you are n't perfectly healthy , have to insure your children separately , rates go up as you get older , rates do n't adjust to your income ( e.g. 
  if you become unemployed or if you or your partner becomes disabled ) , overtreatment is commonplace , etc. 
  $ 5 - $ 50 should be a typical range for a middle-aged person ( again , depending on what options you pick ) . 
  google [ `` station\u00e4re zusatzversicherung '' ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=station\u00e4re+zusatzversicherung ) and look around for sites that offer online quotes or comparisons to get an idea . 
  we were talking about private * addon * health insurance ( `` zusatzversicherung '' ) , not private insurance in lieu of statutory insurance . 
  it typically depends on your age and which options you choose ; you 'll also want to shop around . 
   i have public healthcare in germany but it seems to me like people on private healthcare have a whole other class of healthcare well above mine . 
  this tends to get exaggerated a bit . 
  if you want it , you can get a private addon insurance for hospital stays ( `` station\u00e4re zusatzversicherung '' ) , which basically gives you the same perks as a private patient and is pretty affordable . 
  outside of hospitals , the primary benefit of a private insurance is the ability to skip the queue , so to speak : you can usually get appointments with a specialist faster . 
  nobody is saying that the american healthcare system is horrible ( disregarding accessibility ) . 
  the problem is that there is n't a single metric on which america performs in line with its outsized spending . 
  being on par with other countries does not justify spending 50 % -100 % more ( as a fraction of gdp ) . 
  and it 's not like we do n't know that there are plenty of inefficiencies baked into our system : * widespread use of for-profit health insurance with an mlr of 80 % ( and before the aca , often lower ) . 
  * lack of effective bargaining choices vis-\u00e0-vis healthcare providers ; medicare is expressly banned from leveraging its bargaining power vis-\u00e0-vis drug companies . 
  healthcare service pricing lacks transparency . 
  * reference pricing or all-payer rate setting is virtually unknown ( maryland has started doing the latter , i think ) . 
  * med school is expensive ; the [ median debt for med-school graduates is $ 170k ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-04-11/medical-school-at-278-000-means-even-bernanke-son-carries-debt ) . 
  this -- among other things -- directly results in doctors being more expensive while also making physician density one of the lowest in the developed world . 
  * increasingly narrow provider networks . 
  * the reimbursement system and the tendency to practice defensive medicine encourages overtreatment . 
  * america is probably the only country where doctors need to hire billing specialists to navigate the jungle of healthcare plans . 
  * plenty of small inefficiencies , such as a cool $ 5.2 billion having been spent on advertising prescription drugs in 2015 . 
  these are individually small ( compared to total healthcare expenditures measured in trillions ) , but do add up . 
  it also should n't be surprising that we 're inefficient ; prior to the aca , there was virtually no attempt at implementing cost controls . 
  the entire system is characterized by wastefulness . 
   my data showed the us had better results than the ` about the same ' claim you made . 
  i did not make any `` about the same '' claim . 
  i pointed out that your conclusion does not follow from the data ; i did not claim that the conclusion was false ( a claim for which there would be insufficient data , too ) . 
  5-year cancer survival does not by itself show anything about outcomes , individually or in the aggregate . 
  a higher 5-year survival rate ( from diagnosis ) can be consistent with either a higher , lower , or unchanged survival rate from the onset of the disease . 
  cancer mortality rate for the us was [ 171.8 deaths per 100,000 ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.3322/caac.21208/abstract ) in 2010 , while for the uk it was approximately [ 178 per 100,000 ] ( http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/20160105160709/http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/cancer-unit/cancer-incidence-and-mortality/2008-2010/stb-cancer-incidence-and-mortality-in-the-united-kindom--2008-2010.html ) in 2010 , i.e. 
  roughly comparable mortality rates . 
  while this does not mean that treatment is equally effective ( as this depends on the both incidence and treatment ) , it also does not support the hypothesis that there is a measurable difference in outcomes . 
   the article i provided had data that excluded fatal injuries - it showed the us had the highest life expectancy of the countries they studied . 
  yes , but fatal injuries are hardly the only factors that affect life expectancy ** and ** are unrelated to the quality of healthcare system ( e.g. 
  prevalence of alcohol use disorders , or the long-term effects of non-fatal injuries ) . 
  not to mention that the data is decades old . 
   that 's fine , but debate does not equal proof . 
  i 'm not saying that the article does n't have a point to some extent but i do n't see enough to disregard the data in my article entirely as you seem to suggest . 
  that 's not how science works . 
  if your data does n't show what you claim it shows , then it does n't show that . 
  5-year survival rates on their own simply do not show that one system makes you more likely to survive cancer than the other , or to survive it for longer . 
  and that is without even considering the system as a whole ( such as the opportunity cost and harm of overtreatment and overdiagnosis ) . 
   yeah , who cares about that ? 
  the article that you cited ? 
  because life expectancy is a noisy stat , also affected by things such as accident and violent crime . 
   i see what the article is saying but does n't that just mean that the us system is more likely to detect the cancer earlier , which i believe gives the patient a better chance of survival ? 
  then you have n't read the article . 
  too frequent screening can lead to overdiagnosis and overtreatment , and there 's ( for example ) considerable debate in the scientific community about what the optimal age range and frequency for mammograms is . 
  [ example  ( http://www.stopcancerfund.org/p-breast-cancer/update-when-should-women-start-regular-mammograms-40-50-and-how-often-is-regular/ )  * `` in recent years , there has been a growing concern that annual mammograms starting at age 40 may do more harm than good for many women . 
  that is why the u.s. preventative services task force , an expert group that reviews the latest research findings , recommends that mammography screening for most women start at age 50 rather than 40 , and that the frequency be every two years ( instead of annually ) through the age of 74 . 
  that discussion again ? 
  there 's a lot more to outcomes than life expectancy ( try infant mortality or maternal mortality , for example , or some of the more comprehensive comparisons by the who and others ) . 
  comparison of cancer mortality has also been discussed to no end . 
  comparing 5-year survival rates between different systems is difficult because of [ lead time bias ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lead_time_bias ) . 
  see [ this article ] ( https://sciencebasedmedicine.org/cancer-care-in-the-u-s-versus-europe/ ) by a cancer specialist for an in-depth explanation of the phenomenon . 
  the problem , as always , is that gdp does not represent wealth , but cash flow . 
  while gdp is a proxy for wealth and standard of living , it can be significantly off . 
  for example , america spends about 8 % more of gdp on healthcare compared to the uk without actually getting better outcomes . 
  a lot of the difference is due to rather large inefficiencies in american healthcare . 
  another example is that the uk has a much higher energy intensity than the us ; i.e. 
  it is much better at turning energy into gdp . 
  the uk thus gets punished in gdp-based comparisons for being more energy-efficient and burning less fuel , using less electricity , etc. 
  the problem is -- as in the us -- fptp voting . 
  if the us or uk had proportional representation , labour and the democrats would have likely broken up into two or more parties that individually would have more commonalities of interest ( like germany , which went from having one left of center party to having three ) . 
  that works with proportional representation , because the parties as a whole do n't lose representation in the legislature . 
  but in a fptp system , splitting up a party would be electoral suicide . 
  thus , labour and the democrats are de facto coalitions of diverse interest groups held together only by the realities of the electoral system and not by shared political goals . 
  things might be different now if the alternative vote had passed ; while not the same thing as proportional representation , it would have had a similar effect in that two or three closely allied parties would not cannibalize each other 's share of mps . 
  unfortunately , a large part of labour was too shortsighted to support the av . 
   this will be somewhat oversimplified but all the trade in the world wo n't help someone who needs a specialist and all of a country 's specialists are sitting in germany or wherever . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  the problem is that the brain drain would largely happen , anyway . 
  so , you can either have the brain drain plus the benefits of being in the eu , or the brain drain alone . 
  it 's a lesser evil thing . 
  brain drain would happen anyway ; virtually all countries have provisions that encourage the immigration of skilled workers . 
  with the eu , there are at least some offsetting factors . 
  these are not just money from brussels , but also : * being able to freely trade with the eu ( which is important , for example , for the romanian it services industry ) . 
  trade is ultimately how you grow your economy . 
  * emigration is less of a one-way deal .
