  moreover , i provided it as an example , not as proof ( unless your use of proof is a mistranslation of `` beleg '' ) . 
   i did not cite his personal resumee because he remained silent . 
  not my point . 
  his criminal record adds to the level of intimidation she had to deal with . 
  here you have a violent criminal who does n't seem to take `` no '' for an answer . 
  what do you do ? 
   how is that acceptable ? 
  eh , that 's not how the court described the events . 
  you leave out essential parts . 
   but the guy did not threat her . 
  in the sense of \u00a7 177 stgb ? 
  no , because that 's an insanely high threshold . 
  intimidation ? 
  that 's another story . 
  just ordering the adult women outside , ordering her to undress , then not taking `` no '' for an answer when dealing as an adult with a 15-year old girl ( who has reason to consider him as dangerous ) qualifies as an act of intimidation . 
  but yeah , intimidation is not enough for rape in germany . 
   it 's just irrational to stay there and not only not resist but help . 
  so you are n't familiar with the basic psychological and neurobiological facts as they pertain to crime victims ? 
  submission is not exactly [ an uncommon reaction ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/grade-point/wp/2015/06/23/why-many-rape-victims-dont-fight-or-yell/ ) to acute fear of rape combined with a feeling of powerlessness ( [ additional source ] ( http://www.lifecentre.uk.com/dealing_with_the_effects/the_freezing_response.html ) ) . 
  it 's why even people who are about to be killed and know that , not only do not resist even though they have nothing to lose , but frequently even comply with their killers ' orders . 
  this is also why the \u00a7 177 definition of rape ( its interpretation by the courts ) is so ridiculous ; it is built on a medieval , unscientific idea of what goes on during a rape . 
  resisting is almost always going to make things worse for a woman ( unless you 're trained in self-defense , most men will be able to overpower you , and even if you are , it 's a crapshoot ) , and the definition of helplessness is on par with homeopathy for its lack of understanding of how humans actually work . 
   you understand the language i guess but let me point out : this means the district attorney ( staatsanwalt ? ), 
  accuses the defendant of the following . 
  i am fully bilingual . 
  my godfather actually happens to be a german public prosecutor ( staatsanwalt ) ; it 's not really the same as a da , though ( inquisitorial vs. adversarial system and other differences ) . 
  i know perfectly well what everything here means . 
   67 : you skipped para . 
  47 where she said , `` no , i wo n't do that '' . 
  what 's described later is * after * he did n't take no for an answer . 
  the court itself noted that she had only said that she could n't rule out that she had * stopped resisting * ( para . 
  64 ) , not that she did n't resist . 
   but when she did n't tell him no or to stop and undressed herself for him . . how should he have known that she did not want it ? 
  do you seriously think it 's normal for a 31-year old to expect that a 15-year old girl wants sex with him ? 
  especially after she had already told him no ? 
   when the court questioned her it looks like she is refusing her consent to that night years later . 
  if you think it is ok that a woman can refuse consent days/years later , people will need contracts before they are able to sleep with each other . 
  she was a 15-year old girl who had been left alone with a 31-year old violent criminal who , as she had been told , had a tendency to become violent when he was out of drugs . 
  and who was out of drugs . 
  she had been left alone with him by the two older women because they were afraid of him . 
  he afterwards beat up one of the older women ( and was later sentenced to prison for that ) . 
  and from all that you conclude that the most likely scenario was that she had a case of `` buyer 's remorse '' ? 
  i mean , seriously ... 
  in any event , it looks like you do n't seem to disagree with the rest since you just focus on this one case . 
   where do you read this ? 
  74-75 of the judgement , for example . 
   when she responded , it reads like she was doing things consentual . 
  no , this is a weird german-only definition of consent . 
  submission is not consent . 
  `` no '' plus intimidation to overcome the `` no '' is pretty much textbook lack of consent and evidence that there was no reasonable belief by the perpetrator that there was consent , either . 
  more importantly , it does n't matter , because rape under german law has nothing to do with consent or lack thereof . 
  it requires one of the three following elements , all of which are narrowly construed : 1 . 
  force . 
  threat of imminent danger to life or limb . 
  exploiting a situation in which the victim is unprotected and at the mercy of the offender . 
  a clever rapist can work around all three criteria , thanks to the narrow constructions that the courts use . 
  i recommend reading up on the issue . 
  for example , [ this paper ] ( https://www.frauen-gegen-gewalt.de/fallanalyse-zu-schutzluecken-im-sexualstrafrecht.html ) discusses a number of cases and how many cases of rape ( or what would be rape elsewhere in the developed world ) can not be prosecuted effectively in germany . 
  and she had said `` no '' before ; your `` money quote '' is about whether she said it again once he started having sex with her . 
  and we have a 31-year old guy with a history of violent crime vs. a 15-year old girl and a scene that is full of elements of intimidation . 
  in any event , my primary point was that `` being at the mercy of the offender '' means little because despite the clearly threatening situation , the court unrealistically expected that she could have called for help or fled . 
  in short : under german law , submission becomes consent and if you are clever enough with how you go about intimidating your victim ( so as not to cross the `` force '' threshold ) , you can get away with rape . 
  mostly correct . 
  refugee status depends exclusively on whether it 's unsafe for you to be in your home country ( due to political persecution etc. ) . 
  punishment for illegal entry depends on the exact interpretation of article 31 of the convention relating to the status of refugees . 
  there is a qualifier that you must have come directly from the country you were fleeing . 
  however , the interpretation of `` directly '' in article 31 is somewhat ambiguous and up for debate . 
  some countries choose to interpret it to mean `` without coming through any safe countries where you could have obtained asylum '' , while others take it to mean `` without unnecessary delay '' . 
  as with most questions of international law , this is largely up to any sovereign country to interpret , and the `` not passing through any safe countries '' interpretation is perfectly reasonable on its face . 
  however : article 18 of the eu charter incorporates the convention and protocol relating to the status of refugees by reference ; so , if a lawsuit reaches the cjeu and it is within the jurisdiction of the court , this might potentially be resolved at the level of the eu . 
   we set up asylum processing centers right outside of our borders and at hot spots like turkey and jordan . 
  this [ had been proposed already ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/mar/05/european-commission-third-country-immigrant-processing-centres ) ; the problem is that turkey is n't particularly keen on the idea . 
  why ? 
  sovereignty concerns aside , it smacks of `` let 's cherry-pick all the nice syrian refugees for our countries and stick turkey with the rest '' . 
  because that 's already happening with countries who have the luxury of having a continent or island of their own ( it 's what the us does and why the process of resettling a syrian refugee to the us takes extremely careful vetting and 18-24 months ) . 
  the reporting in that article is hilariously bad , gets facts wrong or reports them in a misleading fashion , and has a totally incorrect headline . 
  what the german federal office for migration and refugees had actually said was that for applications for asylum from syrians , they would no longer be sent back to their country of entry ( usually greece or hungary ) , but that germany would process those applications even though under dublin they could theoretically be sent back . 
  this happened basically because courts had started to deny expulsions to hungary ( and greece had been off-limits for years , anyway ) , so this decision essentially just codified what was already happening . 
  but there was no invitation nor was there even a promise of asylum ; just an assumption of responsibility for processing applications . 
  and what we get in this article is clickbait journalism instead of factual reporting . 
  of course , the vast majority of syrian refugees have their applications accepted , but that 's true anywhere in the eu ( because the country is a bloody war zone ) . 
   the law just assumes that a woman will say no if she does not want to do something and any further progression by the man is an act of sexual harassment and/or includes a threat of violence . 
  nope , that 's not the way it is . 
  it 's actually one of the major problems with rape in germany ; there are plenty of cases that have been dismissed because the victim did n't resist physically or did n't resist `` enough '' . 
  this has a number of reasons , both historical and systemic to the modern german criminal justice system . 
  for example , the definition of `` force '' that the courts use for \u00a7 177 is incredibly narrow compared to the broad ( arguably too broad ) definition of `` force '' they use for \u00a7 240 ( coercion ) , even though they should be one and the same thing . 
  this has partly historical reasons going back to 19th and 20th century jurisprudence where courts often literally assumed that if a woman did n't defend her `` purity '' at all costs , she secretly `` wanted it '' . 
  nobody really believes that anymore , but some of the underlying legal constructions remain embedded in case law and actual practice . 
  another problem is that the mandatory minimum sentence for rape is very high by german standards ( two years ) ; the underlying problem is that intercourse precludes the court from finding for a less serious case , which in turn all but forces the court to throw the defendant in the clink if found guilty with extremely little room for discretion ( even first time offenders with little risk of recidivism ) . 
  and in rape cases , this can then result in courts interpreting the elements of the crime narrowly ( for example , what constitutes `` force '' or `` being at the mercy of the offender '' ) , interpretations that then make their way into case law . 
  to illustrate this , there has been a pattern of court judgments where in cases where the rape occurrs in an apartment building , the victim is practically never considered to be at the mercy of the offender , because she could call for help or run away ( even if in practice she did n't dare because she feared for her life ) . 
  this then results in cases such as [ this one ] ( http://www.derwesten.de/staedte/unser-vest/freispruch-in-vergewaltigungsprozess-opfer-haette-fliehen-koennen-id7083729.html ) , where , even though the 15-year old victim [ had clearly stated her refusal verbally ] ( https://openjur.de/u/554626.html ) , was forcibly undressed and did n't cooperate in any way ( but also did n't physically resist ) , and the physically strong 31-year old perpetrator had a rap sheet a mile long ( assault , robbery , etc. ), 
  and was clearly dangerous , the perpetrator was acquitted . 
   and if you do n't give them what they want ( walfare , free trip to germany , etc. 
  ) , they start destroying the cities , throwing rocks and attacking the citizens . 
  that 's an unsubstantiated claim for which you do n't provide any evidence . 
  note that this did n't happen while dublin still worked . 
  think ethnic cleansing . 
  the phrase was coined by the notorious anti-semite heinrich cla\u00df , author of the infamous `` if i were kaiser '' : sample from the above text :  all public offices remain closed to jews whether of a paid or honorary nature , whether national , state , or municipal . 
  they will not be allowed to serve in the army or navy .
