  this is politically not very attractive , though at least former german economics minister sigmar gabriel [ signaled a few months ago ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/sigmar-gabriel-germany-should-contribute-more-to-eu-budget/ ) that he 'd be okay with such an approach , at least for germany . 
  i did watch the [ interview-slash-townhall thingy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nf-2exo0nos&amp;t=4800 ) . 
  the way she stumbled her way through the answer was n't really indicative of it being a calculated move . 
  she was trying to be as non-committal and non-offensive as she could be . 
  that the opposition parties pounced on her vague reference to `` conscience '' and pretty much ignored her request for having an extended debate was n't something that she could have planned . 
   do you really need to be so agressive ? 
  it 's difficult to express yourself in a perfectly polite fashion when the other side is writing seriously uninformed stuff . 
  there are only so many ways you can say `` what have you been smoking ? '', 
   you suggested many possibilities : seizing google 's property , freezing their european accounts . 
  these measures would definitely stop google 's business in europe , if they were applicable . 
  this , again , is not about stopping google 's business in europe , but about recovering money owed . 
  google has way , way more assets and revenue than it 's being fined , so it would n't be put out of business , just inconvenienced . 
  it 's not fundamentally different from garnishing a debtor 's wages , just on a larger scale . 
  it 's again that you seemingly have this obsession about creating a narrative about a war between google and the eu . 
  it 's literally not different from sending the bailiff , just on a larger scale . 
  the eu would take $ 2.4 billion ( plus any accrued penalties , interest , etc. ), 
  and that would be that . 
  google has no effective way of fighting that without stopping to do business in europe ( and possibly not even then , depending on how cooperative american authorities would be ) and it would n't put google out of business , either . 
  google is not going to withdraw from the eu , either , because they 'd lose a lot more money than by paying the fine . 
  you have seriously naive ideas about what private firms can do . 
  google depends on the banks to do business and the banks will not openly defy the legal system . 
  that 's not counting the fact that if google 's personnel in the eu were to openly defy the legal system , they could end up in jail for that . 
   * google would be strong enough to not be completely destroyed by such a sanction ; where does this weird idea about destroying google come from ? 
  the purpose of these sanctions would be to enforce judgments and fines , nothing more . 
  you seem to be playing out some weird fantasy in your mind about an economic war between the eu and google that has no basis in reality . 
   * banning google in europe would be a disastrous economic idea as it would leave several thousands companies without the advertising they paid for , as it would ( figuratively ) disconnect a big part of the population that is not able to understand the difference between the google and their address bar , as it would deprives millions of their email/shared google docs/etc . 
  nobody 's talking about banning google in europe , either . 
  that 's just a crazy idea that you volunteered and for which there would be no legal basis . 
   * monitoring all banking transactions to ensure money does not go to google would be insanely difficult . 
  honey , banking transactions above a certain amount already need to be properly registered and tracked in order to comply with money laundering regulations ; it would not be difficult , it would be trivial . 
  not to mention that any payments that google receives need to go to accounts that their debtors know about ( how else are they going to pay ? ) . 
  and playing tricks with that is a criminal offense and everybody involved would be facing prison time . 
  and that will be settled in court , then . 
  this was about what powers the eu does and does n't have , not the merits of any individual case . 
  it has powers over antitrust issues and state aid , it does not have plenary police power to investigate and prosecute any and all corporate wrongdoing . 
   i 'm not sure how much of google 's money is located in europe , but i 'm pretty sure any bank would be reluctant to hand over so much money so easily as they would n't want to lose google 's business . 
  `` want '' does not come into play when there 's a court order . 
  i 'm not sure why you think a private party could defy the legal system . 
  that 's a [ state aid case ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/competition/state_aid/overview/index_en.html ) , also something where the eu has jurisdiction . 
  also , that 's not technically a fine , that 's apple 's outstanding tax liability . 
  i do n't know the specifics , but i expect the method of enforcing payment of debt will be the same as at the national level , from freezing and confiscation of assets up the arrest of company officers . 
  remember that google has significant assets in the eu ; they could freeze google 's bank accounts in the eu , seize google 's data center in ireland , etc. 
  really , why do you think a private enterprise would be able to evade a fine ? 
  do you think the courts and bailiffs will just roll over and say , `` oh , they do n't want to pay , so we had better stop pestering them ? '', 
   plain ridiculous sum . 
  it 's not the actual fine , it 's the cap on any potential fine . 
  the idea behind such fines is that they need to function as [ disgorgement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disgorgement ) to prevent companies from breaking the law and still making a profit after being fined , so the cap needs to be sufficiently high for that to work . 
   i think we should ask vw for insights into their technology then to make sure they arent `` cheating '' again . 
  the vw case is not an antitrust case , so the eu commission has only limited power here and can proceed against them only indirectly [ by pressuring member states ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/eu-sues-germany-and-britain-over-volkswagen-emissions-scandal-a7462936.html ) or [ via consumer protection regulations ] ( https://global.handelsblatt.com/companies-markets/e-u-commission-threatens-vw-with-enforcement-action-719860 ) . 
   the fuck is this ? 
  what stops them from fining everyone they can ? 
  it 's half the story . 
  obviously , any such decision is still subject to judicial review if the company disagrees , so gratuitous fines would be ineffective . 
   well how do you even measure that ? 
  i was specifically talking about creating lasting value , such as through technological advancements . 
  metrics for this exist ( ex : no . 
  of patent grants ) . 
   i think the companies which benefit society , whatever that means , are a tiny % . 
  there are plenty of enterprises that do . 
   plus there is the whole capitalism thing . 
  if ibm invents general ai , do you think it will benefit society ? 
  you 're misparsing my statement . 
  in context , i specifically talked about creating lasting value , not any and all benefits to society that a business may have . 
   how can you be focus too much on something when you are making a profit ? 
  i 'm looking here not at what businesses gain from this ( obviously they do ) , but what society gains from it . 
  per the ipsos mori survey , [ `` what worries the world '' ] ( https://www.ipsos.com/sites/default/files/2017-06/what_worries_the_world-may-2017.pdf ) of may 2017 , the biggest concern that germans have is poverty and social inequality ( 43 % ) , ahead of terrorism ( 38 % ) , crime and violence ( 38 % ) , and immigration control ( 32 % ) . 
  this would seem to refute your claim . 
  nowhere did i say that this does n't happen . 
  i said that they are * disproportionately * about creating middlemen instead of advancing technology . 
  not exclusively , disproportionately . 
  true , but that 's not a spotify-only thing . 
  youtube and netflix , just for starters . 
  also , these engineering achievements , admirable as they may be , are in most cases more about good craftsmanship than advancing the state of the art . 
   but you ca n't say it 's nothing . 
  umm , i very specifically said that it 's not nothing ? 
  that 's why i said that middlemen can be important . 
  but there is n't really a whole lot of * technological * advancement behind spotify ( it 's not non-zero , either , but we 're not talking about something like ibm 's watson ) . 
  spotify could be replaced tomorrow by a different company if it were just about tech ; their main value lies in doing the contracting with the various rightholders and having the critical mass for that . 
  the problem with all these unicorn startups ( not just in the eu ) is that they are disproportionately about creating middlemen , not about advancing technology . 
  i do not mean to disparage them ; many of these services fulfill an important function , and you * need * intermediates between creators and consumers . 
  but there 's only limited lasting value creation coming out of such services , so one should not focus too much on them . 
   which is fine , but the eu as a whole still has a larger economy than america , but is only matching about 70 % of america 's r&d spending in absolute terms . 
  you still ca n't treat the entire eu as a monolithic entity , anymore than you can treat both the americas as one . 
   and in this new industry which uber & lyft are pioneering , for better or for worse , where are the european corporations ? 
  where are the european risktakers investing in them ? 
  there really is n't a new industry . 
  this `` industry '' largely relies on having people who need a second income and does n't offer anything that traditional cab services do n't . 
  it has some justification in places where a taxi medallion scheme creates an artificial quota , but outside of that it 's just about taxi companies with a dominant market position and an app . 
  neither of which is exactly revolutionary tech . 
  uber died a messy death in germany mostly because the country had no need for it and no interest in a company whose primary innovations lay in skirting ( or downright breaking ) regulations . 
  the bigger underlying issue is that in recent decades , american antitrust policy has [ thrown traditional standards of competition being good to the dogs ] ( http://ir.lawnet.fordham.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=4883&amp;context=flr ) and instead has been willing to justify a lot of anticompetitive behavior if it 's good for the consumer in the short term . 
  the modern american startup aspires to be bought out by one of the dominant market players , not to make it independently , creating ever more concentration in the marketplace . 
  and amazon has executed an embrace , extend , and extinguish strategy to an extent that microsoft never ever dreamed of . 
  and that market concentration is one of the major reasons why american conglomerates run afoul of the eu 's more traditional antitrust policies more and more often . 
  the r&d numbers as an eu average are misleading , as they include countries from finland ( 3.2 % of gdp ) to romania ( .4 % of gdp ) . 
  the nordics ( except for iceland ) , germany , austria , and switzerland in particular have higher numbers . 
  this is not even counting r&d powerhouses like japan and south korea . 
  venture capital is a less interesting statistic ; while there 's probably too little venture capital spending in europe , the other extreme is not necessarily better . 
  see uber burning through vc money : they 're not promoting a better technology , they 've been trying to establish a monopoly position using predatory practices funded by vc . 
  there 's a clear difference between the silicon valley that drove the digital revolution and the current silicon valley that is largely a vc lottery .
