  there are many ways to scale payouts ( or contributions , for that matter ) according to income . 
  you can base payouts on contributions ( and let each country decide how much they contribute , modulo upper and lower limits ) , gdp per capita , median wage , subsistence level , or something else . 
  it depends on what you call `` pro-euro '' . 
  there 's little doubt that the euro as created was and remains a deeply flawed design . 
  the question of whether the euro can work without a fiscal union is a [ lot more complicated ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/3/189204d0-2c7c-11e5-acfb-cbd2e1c81cca.html ) . 
  it may well require only a [ system of fiscal insurance with a high deductible ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/ez-fiscal-shock-absorber-lessons-insurance-economics ) designed to absorb potentially catastrophic fiscal shocks ( e.g. 
  being able to draw upon a ez-wide unemployment reinsurance fund for unemployment exceeding x % ) . 
  it 's also not actually a tax ( anymore ) , but a [ tax-deductible ] ( http://www.steuernetz.de/aav_steuernetz/lexikon/k-16292.xhtml?currentmodule=home ) tithe . 
  they tax all payments from a us source to non-complying banks a 30 % rate . 
  and by that i mean * all * of these transactions , regardless of whether the recipient of the transaction is american or not . 
  practically no bank can afford that , given how many payments go through the us ; especially interbank lending depends on it . 
  `` you have a nice business there . 
  would be a shame if something happened to it . '', 
  mostly it screws over us normal us expats , because the easiest way for a bank to comply with fatca reporting requirements is to simply refuse to do business with us citizens . 
   for example , i do not understand why the state does not provide free lunches at school , while it subsidizes meals ( lunch + dinner ) at universities so heavily . 
  historical reasons . 
  for the longest time , stay-at-home moms were the norm and children were expected to be home for lunch . 
  this has been changing only slowly post-reunification and the costs still need to be squeezed into municipal and state budgets . 
  that said , there are already subsidies for children of low-income families at least in some states ( though the income threshold is generally pretty low , i think ) . 
  no need to worry , she can always say how he has her fullest confidence . 
  on a more serious note , it 's really not going to happen . 
  merkel is pretty ruthless herself , despite her outward demeanor . 
  remember that she got into power by backstabbing sch\u00e4uble herself . 
  it 's very improbable that she 's going to open herself up to attack and her power base within her party seems pretty secure . 
  sch\u00e4uble has tons of baggage , from accepting 100,000 marks from a known arms dealer under dubious circumstances to dressing down subordinates in public ( he really is a piece of work ) . 
  this makes it unlikely he could actually win an election . 
  let me put it this way . 
  i have dual us-german citizenship , and i 've been sorely tempted to have a t-shirt made , saying :  `` i did n't vote for merkel , either . '', 
  not that i 'm exactly a fan of syriza , but democracy is n't ( or should n't be ) two wolves and a sheep voting on what 's for dinner . 
  yeah , ireland is basically the delaware of the eu . 
  gdp can be rather misleading . 
  for example , if american healthcare became as efficient as in one of the affluent eu social democracies , us gdp would instantly drop by 5 % -8 % or so . 
  there 's a lot of waste and [ inequality ] ( http://hdr.undp.org/en/content/table-3-inequality-adjusted-human-development-index ) baked into the american system . 
  which is not to say that life in america is bad [ 1 ] , just that gdp is not always a good proxy for how well the economy is doing , let alone for quality of life . 
  [ 1 ] unless you are poor . 
  that they exist does n't mean that their legal status under net neutrality is clear . 
  any net neutrality legislation needs to distinguish between them and the normal internet . 
  well , as far as i can tell , this is exactly what the proposal is about ; to allow dedicated connections on the same physical infrastructure with high reliability guarantees that you ca n't get on a public tcp/ip link . 
  unless i 'm missing something , this is not at all about net neutrality ( or at least not intended to be , we 'll see what the actual legislation looks like ) . 
  as i understand the proposal , `` the streaming live tv '' in the article refers to [ iptv ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iptv ) , which is a different beast from what netflix et al. 
  currently offer . 
  in general , the term `` innovative services '' seems to refer to services that require high reliability guarantees ( as an extreme example , remote surgery ) and are delivered over the existing networking infrastructure and may be using the same protocols , but are not accessible through normal internet connections . 
  i 'm honestly not sure what to think of this . 
  to an extent , this is nothing new : we already can get cable tv and cable internet over the physical same connection , and we generally pay separately for them , package deals aside ; same for telephony services and dsl . 
  that said , without knowing the exact legislation , it 's difficult to predict what loopholes the legislation may have or whether future developments may even move away from the `` open internet '' ( so that many important services would be delivered through `` innovative '' channels and fall outside the net neutrality guarantee ) . 
  sigh . 
  the reporting is atrocious . 
  what the european court of human rights decided was the question whether the estonian laws and court judgments were in compliance with estonia 's obligations under [ article 10 of the european convention on human rights ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_10_of_the_european_convention_on_human_rights ) :  1 . 
  everyone has the right to freedom of expression . 
  this right shall include freedom to hold opinions and to receive and impart information and ideas without interference by public authority and regardless of frontiers . 
  this article shall not prevent states from requiring the licensing of broadcasting , television or cinema enterprises . 
  the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary . 
  the question was , therefore , whether the estonian laws exceeded what a country is allowed to do under paragraph 2 to limit freedom of expression . 
  the court answered this question in the negative and that estonia had not violated article 10 ; this does not say anything about the laws of other countries , does not create an obligation for other countries to enact similar laws , and does in particular not create any obligations for website owners ( which would be completely outside the powers of the ecthr ) . 
  denazification was a failure . 
  most nazis got away scot-free and many remained or were put back in positions of power ; the civil service and the justice system in particular were largely unaffected by denazification . 
  after the main war criminals had been convicted , the western allies were more interested in enlisting germany 's help against communism ( see also : operation paperclip ) . 
  hmm . 
  there must be a misunderstanding here . 
  as i said in another comment , i use * neoliberal * to refer to free-market thinking ( i 'd use * liberal * , except that the meaning of the word has become so overloaded ) . 
  conservative economic policies ( at least in my book ) are those that favor existing stakeholders , since such policies are preferred by conservative parties across the globe . 
  `` makers '' vs. `` takers '' in romneyspeak , where economic success equals merit . 
  the problem with such policies is that not only do they tend to increase inequality , but that it 's a toss-up whether they benefit or harm economic growth . 
  and you are missing the fact that i am talking about a statistical effect , not a cause-and-effect scenario . 
  whether one parent hits their child a hundred times , or a hundred parents hit their children once , the statistical risk , aside from cumulative effects from repeated hits , is the same . 
  it is this thinking , `` because it 's rare , it wo n't happen to me '' , which makes cases of aht so common , once the averages catch up to you . 
  it 's like not wearing a seat belt in this sense . 
  as i noted , it 's a risk ; something that * may * happen and is even unlikely ; it is not something that * will * happen . 
  the question is whether using an ineffective parenting method is worth the risk of causing permanent injury to your child , even if the risk is low . 
  note that the girl in the case i linked to did die ; and [ abusive head trauma ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shaken_baby_syndrome ) , also known as `` shaken baby syndrome '' can occur in children up to five years of age ( despite the name `` shaken baby syndrome '' ) and the cause is brain injury . 
  death or permanent disability are the common outcomes ; death due to aht is one of the most common causes of death in child abuse cases . 
  aht does not even require hitting the child , often just the acceleration and deceleration of the brain from shaking the child ( hence the name ) is enough . 
  they are economically conservative , not necessarily and not exclusively politically conservative , and many left-wing parties engage in economically conservative policies from time to time ( e.g. 
  to earn a reputation for fiscal conservatism ) . 
  still , i did have the us and the uk in mind as primary examples ( though the german hartz iv system is also a good example , designed and put in place by social democrats ) . 
  under cameron/osborne in particular , we 've seen the effects of both . 
  i note that in my second bullet point , i was n't thinking of the vat when i was talking about regressive taxes ; while regressive , the vat has many redeeming properties : it is self-enforcing and thus difficult to evade , corporations can not use various accounting tricks to cheat the country out of it because it is a consumption tax , not a tax on profits , and it can be made partly progressive by reducing or eliminating it for essential goods , such as groceries or clothes for children . 
  when combined with sufficiently redistributive policies , it has been successfully employed in countries with a gini below .30 . 
  in the context of the uk , the regressive tax that is hurting low-income households the most is probably the council tax ; it is horribly designed , up to and including creating a disincentive for seeking work . 
   a slap is way different from beating someone . 
  the human head is a vital organ with many fragile parts . 
  slaps are like light concussions in that they can cause immediate trauma , brain damage over time , and in extreme cases [ they can even kill ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/montreal/moussa-sidim%c3%a9-gets-60-days-in-slapping-death-of-daughter-1.2649142 ) . 
  the most likely risk is a [ coup or contre coup injury ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coup_contrecoup_injury ) , in which the brain hits the skull either at the site of the impact or opposite it and is bruised as a result . 
  the brain is protected against physical trauma by the skull , the cerebrospinal fluid ( between the skull and the brain ) and the meninges ( layers of protective tissue ) . 
  when the brain actually impacts the skull , this protection is reduced to the meninges alone . 
  note that an actual injury from a single slap is relatively unlikely , but repeated occurrences make this likelihood go up . 
  it is a well-established part of the theory of operant conditioning that punishment and reinforcement work differently . 
  punishment needs to be applied consistently ( and that usually means repeatedly ) in order to obtain the desired change in behavior ; reinforcement works even if it occurs only intermittently . 
  another problematic effect of punishment is that it encourages seeking strategies to avoid punishment ( and not necessarily by not engaging in the undesirable behavior ) . 
  even only intermittent success can then reinforce such avoidance strategies ( such as lying ) and we know such reinforcement to be more powerful in changing behavior than punishment . 
   violence against children is abuse , but spanking is not violence . 
  it is pretty well established ( through numerous studies ) that spanking can lead to a number of negative effects , including aggression , anti-social behavior , and mental health issues . 
   i 'd argue the the huge short term benefits of reaganomics in the 1980s shifted the majority of the european political class to the neoliberal right . 
  this is something that i would disagree with . 
  first , i would n't conflate the terms * neoliberal * and * right * . 
  ludwig erhard , for example , was a neoliberal , but he also established the german social market economy , which was anything but a right-wing project . 
  neoliberals come in all shapes and sizes . 
  second , i doubt that such a shift was caused by reagonomics . 
  the supply-side craze did n't really take off outside of america ( maybe some short-lived experiments that i ca n't think of right now ) . 
  shifts in economic policymaking were primarily the result of the oil crisis , the end of bretton-woods , and the recession of the 1970s .
