  yoh may like to read up how it was done in the past since the situation is nothing but new . 
  we do such things since decades . 
  no , there has never been such an influx of refugees . 
  this is what makes all the difference : logistics are breaking down because of the sheer numbers involved . 
   he take is simple : germany 's state as successor of the deutsches reich is questionable , we not have a peace-contract , some siegerm\u00e4chte-laws still apply , 146 was not solved because germany is n't free yet . 
  i had n't realized that i was actually talking to one of the reichsb\u00fcrger crazies . 
  well , feel free to keep digging . 
   but i am sure i just wasted lots time writing all this down and it will end like with the video-quotes . 
  serious , lets agree to disagree and end that here . 
  there is no `` agree to disagree '' when you lie about the very words spoken in the video . 
  you can not agree to disagree about facts . 
  this is why i also posted a link to the transcript ; so that others who are not fluent in german and could n't tell what was said in the video could at least look at the text , check it vs. a dictionary or run it through google translate to verify that you lied . 
  it is only antisocial because dishonesty is antisocial . 
   they would not because , have a look at your map , germany can not be reached without entering another eu country before . 
  totally irrelevant , because hungary , austria , and the czech republic had stopped preventing people from coming to germany . 
  not because of schengen -- asylum seekers do n't have a schengen visa to begin with and no freedom of movement within the eu , so they can not cross borders without permission -- but because the aforementioned countries * chose * not to stop them . 
  note that germany suspending dublin procedures did not permit hungary from sending refugees to germany ; hungary simply did it regardless . 
   it should be the normal procedure . 
  i agree . 
  but its not like it is right now . 
  and , closing the circle , schengen is the reason . 
  why ? 
  because the bordercontrol is not functional anymore like they where 20 years ago . 
  we also not have `` fences '' to secure our borders around official checkpoints to progress the initial registering . 
  germany 's border is 3757 km long , and the borders with austria and the czech republic are both over 800 km long . 
  it is impossible to police . 
  and even if you could , what would you do ? 
  the moment somebody requests asylum from a border official , germany has a legal duty to process that request . 
  that would be the case with or without schengen . 
   you talk about constituion without even knowing that germany has no constitution . 
  this is inaccurate . 
  the basic law has been officially the constitution of all of germany since 1990 . 
  this is documented ( inter alia ) in [ article 5 of the unification treaty ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/einigvtr/art_5.html ) , which talks about `` future constitutional amendments '' . 
  even prior to 1990 , the basic law was the * provisional * constitution of germany . 
  which is why the federal republic of germany has always had a * constitutional court * deciding on the * constitutionality of laws * , the preamble of the basic law always noted that it was created though the `` verfassungsgebende gewalt '' of the german people , or why article 5 talks of an `` allegiance to the constitution '' . 
  the claim that the basic law is n't a constitution is usually a dog whistle of the crazies of the reichsb\u00fcrger movement . 
  it is not a claim that most sane people entertain . 
   you , my dear friend , just spin your story and not care about explanations so i refuse to give them . 
  no , i pointed out that merkel did n't say at her press conference what you claimed she said . 
  now that you 've been caught in a lie you try diversionary tactics . 
  because i have absolutely no idea what the claim that the basic law is n't a constitution -- aside from being crazy -- has to do with this . 
   fact is because of the missing passport controls this sas suspending of dublin for every asylum-seeker . 
  you have no idea what the dublin procedures are about , right ? 
  under dublin , germany would still do the initial processing of any asylum seekers arriving in germany or at the german border and upon noticing that they were already registered in hungary , italy , or greece ( because of the eu-wide shared database of fingerprints ) , send them back to the country where they entered the eu . 
  suspending dublin means that the `` sending back '' part does n't happen anymore . 
  but : they do not even need to enter , actually , because they * can apply for asylum at the border * ; in fact , that 's supposed to be the normal procedure . 
  the only thing that border controls do is make it easier for asylum seekers to find an official in order to request asylum . 
  i did . 
  that 's how i originally observed that your `` quotes '' were made up . 
  keep in mind that according to the poll ( if you look at the original source and not the abbreviated version reported by thelocal.de ) , most of them want hungary and greece ( or whatever other safe country the refugees reach first ) to handle the refugees instead . 
  this is simply not possible at the moment . 
  the poll does not indicate that they think that refugees should n't be granted asylum , but that other countries should deal with it . 
  oh , i do n't doubt that . 
  my point was that norway is unlikely to have poor regions simply because of oil and therefore does not need to be accounted for in a comparison of countries with poor regions . 
  yeah , and a `` kommissarin '' is n't a commissioner , either . 
  this appears to be raw google translate output . 
  the criticism seems to be primarily about the definition of `` northern europe '' . 
  i agree that `` the eu core '' would be a more accurate name for the countries that they are looking at , but other than that , i do n't really have a problem with picking these countries for comparison . 
  it excludes the following : 1 . 
  postcommunist countries ( everything east of the former iron curtain ) . 
  if your claim is that things are okay because they are worse in bulgaria , well , the phrase `` damning with faint praise '' comes to mind . 
  postdictatorial countries ( greece , spain , and portugal became democracies -- again -- only some 40 years ago ) . 
  while they had more time to recover than the postcommunist countries and may have also done better before , they 've still been operating under a handicap . 
  italy . 
  this would be interesting to know , even simply for the italian north , but that would make things `` not so bad '' if uk regions were displaced from the bottom ten rather than `` good '' . 
  norway ( which is probably richer simply because of oil money ) . 
  switzerland ( also probably richer ) . 
  iceland ( which may or may not have regions that are poorer than the uk 's nine poorest regions -- though that is unlikely -- , but is n't big enough to displace many of them ) . 
  in any event , even high regional inequality of a country within the eu core is problematic ; not as a way of national grandstanding or self-flagellation , but as a clear indicator that british policymaking ( on both sides of the political spectrum ) has been lacking . 
  ( and yes , you can always make yourselves feel better by looking at , say , [ east st. louis ] ( http://www.takepart.com/article/2014/05/16/can-inside-look-americas-most-dangerous-city-shock-us-into-action ) or [ gary , in ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/gary-indiana-is-deteriorating-badly-2013-6?ir=t ) . 
  sadly . ), 
  and if they have a degree in teaching or a comparable qualification that can be converted , they 'll be offered such jobs ( or the additional training necessary ) where this is a realistic option . 
  but that 's no magic bullet against unemployment . 
  the vast majority of teaching positions will still be filled by those who decided at some point to make teaching their career because they literally have a head start . 
  that 's similar for all occupations that require advanced degrees . 
  completely starting over while drawing welfare benefits for several years is something that is not a realistic option in most countries . 
  you realize that these unemployed young men would first have to acquire a college degree ? 
  oh , nice ( this is imo exactly how things should be ) . 
  thank you for the information . 
  i do n't think you can make $ 55k on the a12 track ? 
  the maximum i can find is [ $ 50k at a12/8 ] ( http://oeffentlicher-dienst.info/c/t/rechner/beamte/be?id=beamte-berlin-2015 ) , and an entry level salary should be more like $ 43k ( a12/4 ) . 
  in any event , you ca n't compare that to the average wage , but to what other teachers earn ( or at least to other occupations that require a college degree ) , and you 'll generally earn more at the higher levels of education ( not even including the not inconsiderable question of status here ) . 
  mind you , pay for elementary school teachers in germany * is * generally better than in many other countries , and that is a good thing . 
  ( i 'm saying this as the mother of two girls who currently attend a german elementary school , so this observation is not entirely unselfish  ) . 
  i am familiar with that press conference , thank you . 
  neither at the 3:25 nor at the 3:40 mark does she say what you claim she says . 
  3:25 : `` we can be proud of the humanitarianism of our basic law . 
  it [ the humanitarianism ] can be seen in this article [ the right to asylum ] in particular . '', 
  3:30 ( not 3:40 ) : `` we also grant protection to all those who flee to us coming from wars . '', 
  ( this , to be clear , is a restatement of existing laws , including the german constitution , and the eu qualification directive ; it is nothing that germany -- or any other country -- even has the power to change without withdrawing from treaties or changing eu legislation and would require a constitutional amendment regardless ; parts may not even be possible through a constitutional amendment . ), 
  there is no particular emphasis here , contra your italics . 
  at the 5:55 mark she encourages the media to keep reporting on how there are far more helpers than xenophobes to in order to encourage those who are willing to help ; nothing about `` transporting a welcome refugees message '' ; that ' a figment of your imagination . 
  most importantly , you chose to omit critical parts , such as her emphasis on how it is also necessary to quickly deport those whose applications are rejected , e.g. 
  this cherry-picking of out of context quotes is part of the problem . 
  please , i have a german mother and have been fluent in german since childhood . 
  do n't try to play tricks on me assuming that i 'm not familiar with the language . 
  generally , schools are * very * interested in male teachers , especially to have role models for boys . 
  the problem is that pay for preschool and elementary school teachers typically sucks . 
  conversely , you have more women in these jobs because they are more compatible with childcare , and women are more likely to be stuck with the lion 's share of childcare in a relationship or to be single parents . 
  edit : oops , replied to the wrong comment .
