  as a practical matter , yes , the reality of a compressed wage scale is often a bit of a shock for us expats , who on balance tend to be the type who can command an above average salary . 
  things do become be more complicated if you have children or are married ( under the german system of taxes and social contributions , single earners without children effectively subsidize other types of households ) . 
  historically , germany was dominated by collective bargaining agreements ( in 1990 , around 3/4 of the labor force was paid according to cbas ) . 
  as a result , many germans are n't used to negotiating their salaries themselves . 
  also , while collective bargaining is less prevalent now , it still covers over half of the labor force ( especially in the former west germany ) and is pretty common for big employers ( including the government ) , and that has knock-on effects for setting salary expectations for the rest of the labor market . 
  on the other hand , germany has [ lower income inequality and relative poverty rates ] ( http://www.oecd.org/social/inequality.htm ) than the us , australia , or canada . 
  contrary to popular belief , most businesses ( in germany or elsewhere ) do n't really run excessive profit margins , so negotiating a higher salary would likely come out of the pocket of another employee first . 
  nothing prevents you from doing that . 
  many german students already moonlight as cab drivers for some extra money . 
  i was just noting that germany has no public policy interest in expanding on that , especially when a company with a reputation for skirting labor laws is involved . 
  if you want to use your own car , it will be required to have proper insurance for commercial driving and it has to undergo an annual roadworthiness test . 
  this is where passenger safety trumps your interest in earning extra money . 
  not to put too fine a point on it , but germans are generally more worried that there are already too many of these part-time jobs ( what they call `` mini jobs '' ) and would rather have fewer of them [ 1 ] . 
  as a rule , the idea that you should be able to live off the wage of your `` real job '' alone is overwhelmingly popular in germany and the increasing need for many people to hold down more than one job has become a cause for serious alarm . 
  [ 1 ] especially if , as in uber 's case , these employees would be classified as contractors and uber would get out of paying social contributions for that work . 
  * walmart failed because they screwed up by the numbers . 
  really , their expansion strategy was characterized by systemic cluelessness and little else . 
  * uber is failing because there 's nothing for them to disrupt ; problems with the us cab markets that they are exploiting ( aside from skirting regulations ) do n't really exist in germany ( or have been dealt with before uber tried to enter the german market ) , plus germany has superior public transport , so they 're left with skirting labor laws and insurance regulations without providing any real added value for customers . 
  while there is probably room for improvement in germany 's cab infrastructure , uber 's offering is n't it . 
  * starbucks has to deal with too much existing competition ( from local bakeries to mccafes ) for a product that 's extremely niche ( and arguably overpriced ) . 
  us companies that know what they are doing are generally doing fine ( even where they occasionally conflict with german culture ) ; see , for example , mcdonald 's ( after the disastrous exposure by wallraff 30 years ago ) , amazon ( despite the ongoing skirmishes with ver.di ) , or paypal . 
  mcdonald 's adopted ideas from australia that allowed them to move away from the dollar menu image , tuned them for the german market ( and ate starbucks ' lunch in the process ) ; amazon simply bought out the dominant online german bookseller , integrated the company into their corporate infrastructure , and continued from there . 
  paypal understood the need to support the dominant local payment systems ; support for electronic direct debit payments in germany alone sets them apart from other companies such as stripe . 
  these are ( admittedly somewhat vague ) technical terms that are used to describe two [ different styles of youth soccer ] ( http://www.usyouthsoccer.org/rec/ ) ; obviously , soccer will always have both recreational and competitive elements . 
   do n't they realise that people -- kids included -- enjoy competition ? 
  in the us at least , it 's mostly the parents who are competing ( vicariously ) in these leagues . 
  and competitive soccer ( as opposed to recreational soccer ) is known to [ have its share of problems ] ( http://www.deseretnews.com/article/865633311/were-doing-youth-soccer-wrong-tournaments-can-be-detrimental-to-children.html?pg=all ) [ 1 ] for children . 
  emphasis on winning cups/tournaments and long-term athletic/character development are often at odds in youth soccer . 
  [ 1 ] the entire book that this series is based on is worth reading , too . 
  kinda sorta -- in that it 's a measure of relative , not absolute poverty . 
  more importantly , it 's about households that are `` at ** risk ** of poverty or social exclusion '' . 
  note the `` risk '' part . 
  they may not actually be poor , but these households have a level of income where you 're generally living paycheck-to-paycheck ; this means that the household generally does not have the financial reserves to absorb economic shocks ( such as unemployment or divorce ) and lacks the resources that can facilitate upward economic mobility . 
  accession to the eu treaties requires ratification by all the existing member states , by the eu institutions , and by the new member state . 
  eea/efta accession also requires unanimity . 
   the facts is that germany did n't help to protect hungarian border and it 's chancellor did implicitly ( according to media reports ) invite refugees to europe . 
  `` protecting '' the hungarian border simply resulted in rerouting refugees through other countries . 
  even if hypothetically one could shut down the entire eastern european borders , refugees would then start piling up in greece instead . 
   `` germany can take in at half a million syrian refugees every year , the country 's vice chancellor has said '' as i [ noted before ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ni2fo/germany_now_expects_up_to_15_million_migrants_in/cvoenww ) , this is a misquote ( in that gabriel said pretty much said the opposite of what the independent and other papers claimed ) . 
  gabriel had said that germany could not handle 1-2 million of refugees , or even 800k annually . 
  the 500k was the * upper bound * of what he thought germany could handle . 
  you can find the link to the complete interview in my earlier comment . 
  let me be blunt : do n't trust the british media on this [ 1 ] . 
  it does n't matter what their political allegiance is , their reporting has been atrocious . 
  i do n't know what the reason is -- maybe they do n't have reporters who speak german and so have to rely on second-hand reporting -- but the fact of the matter is that their reporting has been full of inaccuracies . 
  this is why i have been insisting on primary sources . 
  google is not your friend here ; google can not tell the accurate reporting from the regurgitated inaccuracies . 
  the only thing that matters for google is how much the stories get linked . 
  [ 1 ] not that the american or german media have been that much better ( clickbait journalism has become too prevalent everywhere ) , but they had a lower percentage of flat-out wrong stuff . 
   are you really suggesting that there is no element of choice involved ? 
  what are you smoking ? 
  first , the german constitution and the eu & international laws were not written by some mysterious higher power . 
  well , constitutions are extremely hard to change by design ( the german constitution already had its provisions for asylum relaxed , and article 1 can not be changed through a constitutional amendment ) . 
  changes to eu law that would provide for a more equitable distribution of asylum seekers between countries are being blocked by other countries , customary international law is impossible to change , and withdrawing from treaties is very problematic , because you either denounce them in their entirety or keep them ; you do n't get a line-item veto for treaties . 
   second , even without changing german laws and breaking international or eu laws , there are many things merkel and germany could have done . 
  like merkel telling people coming from safe countries not to come , or germany giving refugees less benefits ( this is what denmark did ) germany has been doing all of that . 
  merkel has been very clear about asylum seekers from safe countries facing more aggressive deportation measures , the german government has been running ads in various balkan countries explaining that they ca n't expect to get asylum , and recent asylum legislation has cut down on benefits , because it makes it easier for them to find a border official . 
  once they request asylum , a country is duty-bound to process their requests ( many of which will be denied , but until then they still have to be housed , fed , etc. ) . 
   or germany simply protecting its borders and not letting in people without any documents . 
  first , this does not change anything about the refugee situation , because the only thing that matters for refugee influx into the eu are ( in practice ) the borders of greece and italy . 
  both can not be defended effectively , because ( 1 ) these are maritime borders and ( 2 ) the countries on the other side ( turkey , libya , etc. ), 
  are not interested in helping the eu because they 've got plenty of problems of their own . 
  second , not letting in people without documents does not matter one whit even for the situation in germany , because you can apply for asylum at the border . 
  it actually makes it more convenient for asylum seekers . 
  the fact is that once asylum seekers reach european soil , then the eu has to deal with them ( in practice , that happens once they 're starting to cross the mediterranean ) . 
  handling of asylum seekers at this point is governed by european law , which guarantees them certain rights and establishes certain procedures . 
  all that hungary and the other v4 countries do is nimby stuff that is only about keeping them out of their countries and offloading the burden onto other countries , but has zero effect on the total number coming into the eu . 
  and sending them back to turkey is not possible for a number of reasons ( from turkey not being a safe third country up to and including turkey simply not taking them back ) . 
  incidentally , the quotas that some countries are complaining about is about providing relief for greece , italy , and hungary . 
  sweden , austria , and germany would take additional asylum seekers under the proposed quotas . 
  this is pure selfishness at the expense of the mediterranean countries and does nothing to address or alleviate the problem . 
   germany - angela merkel invites refugees on behalf of all germans . 
  despite criticism and problems her statement has caused she continues to do so . 
  this has been asserted over and over , and nobody has been able to provide an accurate primary source that supports this claim ; only misquotes , out of context quotes , and even outright lies . 
  unless you can provide an actual primary source for this assertion , this will remain an unsupported claim . 
   if you 're trying to say that ther 's no ` element of choice ' on the german side then , well , i hope that majority of germans have different opinion . 
  this is not about opinion . 
  this is about facts . 
  unless and until you can stop the influx of refugees from turkey to greece and from north africa ( esp . 
  libya ) to italy , there 's exactly nothing you can do about the actual numbers . 
  note that for this very reason , the eu ( including merkel ) is actively negotiating with turkey . 
   why is merkel doing this ? 
  you are falsely assuming that there is an element of choice involved . 
  germany is pretty much constrained by its constitution , eu and international law . 
  the bad decision happened years ago when the dublin regulation was created . 
  the eu core ( in particular germany ) did n't want refugees so they created dublin so that the eu periphery ( in particular , spain , italy , and greece ) would serve as a refugee umbrella . 
  the problem was that this approach did n't scale with the increasing numbers of refugees that we are seeing , because the periphery could only accommodate so many asylum seekers . 
  the countries where they entered the eu were overrun , dublin could no longer be enforced , and with no scheme to distribute refugees equitably within the eu , it was now impossible to turn them away . 
  yes , that 's well known . 
  note that high homeownership rates do not necessarily increase mean/median household wealth ( that depends on the value of the homes , mortgages , etc. 
  ) , but low homeownership rates tend to depress household wealth , because [ homeownership is such an important contributor to household wealth ] ( https://www.ecb.europa.eu/pub/pdf/scpwps/ecbwp1690.pdf ) ( compare in particular the mean and median net wealth of owners and non-owners in figure 2 ) . 
  numbers are n't ppp-adjusted , as far as i can tell from the original document . 
   why is the difference so big compared to the usual gdp per capita maps ? 
  home ownership . 
  germany and switzerland have among the lowest ( if not the lowest ) home ownership rates in the developed world . 
  remember also that gdp represents transactions ( i.e. 
  cash flow ) , not accumulated wealth . 
   with eu expansionism trying to gobble up as many countries as possible in order to ever expand the borders of the eu this is no longer the case . 
  the eu enlargement was actually pushed [ hard for by the uk ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/dec/21/tories-conservatives-eu-enlargement-bulgaria ) . 
  this was n't something that was decided against the desires of the uk ; it 's what the uk very explicitly asked for .
