  and what makes you think this is n't happening already ? 
  plenty of terrorists and returning daesh fighters have been arrested , several planned terror attacks have been prevented . 
   again , i am deeply cynical about this deduction . 
  i get the impression that many muslims despise the methods , but applaud the goal . 
  but i have no way of determining that with any precision . 
  well , you ca n't make policy purely based on guesswork . 
  you do need a proper foundation where you can at least have an idea how and whether a given policy furthers your goals . 
  as a counterpoint to your assumption , see jennifer fredette [ writing at the washington post ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/monkey-cage/wp/2015/06/22/six-months-on-we-are-not-all-charlie/ ) :  * we are sometimes told that muslims in the west choose to segregate themselves within no-go zones where they gather to reject the values of the nation . 
  abdellali hajjat ( universit\u00e9 paris-ouest nanterre ) points out , however , that the radicalization of the charlie hebdo attackers actually tracks with their withdrawal from most other muslims . 
  they met as a small group with a self-styled imam who had actually been kicked out of a local mosque for his radical views . 
  similarly , youths who are going to syria to fight for isis are being recruited online , not in their local mosques or community centers -- and their radicalization is a surprise to their distraught parents . 
  isolationism is real , but it is exceptional , and it does not happen among imagined , tight-knit , muslim-only neighborhoods ; in these instances , isolationism has meant separation from both the national community and other muslims . 
   the resources are already there , the attitudes to make any changes are not . 
  well , what policy changes do you have in mind that would get rid of terrorism and that are only hindered by attitudes ? 
   people dying to stupid tragic shit all the time does not mean these deaths should be chalked up to ` lol what can you do ? ', 
  i did n't say this . 
  i said you have to choose between spending your resources on one or the other ( except for the rare opportunity where you can kill two birds with one stone ) . 
   did the uk simply put up with ira attacks as part of ` oh people die everyday ? ', 
  not to put too fine a point on it , but the uk fought the provisional ira for years without really gaining ground and finally made peace with them ( the good friday agreement ) . 
   this is gon na sound fucked up , but our tax dollars should be focused on monitoring our muslim population , and stemming the flow of new ones coming in . 
  nobody wants to doo this `` dirty work '' , and it looks awful just typing it , but i 'd rather see it done anyway . 
  leaving aside the issue of racial profiling ( which would be a rather thorny constitutional problem in several countries ) , we 're talking about literally millions of citizens and permanent residents of the us , german , and france each , who interact with millions of other non-muslim people in each country . 
  the surveillance measures needed to `` monitor '' this population would be staggeringly complex , expensive , and intrusive ; they would quite possibly be unconstitutional in several countries and affect plenty of non-muslim citizens . 
  you would also be stuck with massive amounts of documents and recordings that would be nearly impossible to process either manually or in an automated fashion . 
  if you 're only talking about high-risk subpopulations , well , that 's already happening . 
  this does not count the negative side effects . 
  you generally want to drive a wedge between muslims and islamist terrorists , not let islamist terrorists drive a wedge between the muslim and the non-muslim population . 
  singling out muslims , making them effectively pariahs would be a great recruiting tool for daesh . 
  right now , [ islamist terrorism primarily targets muslims or predominantly muslim countries ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-30883058 ) . 
  attacks on western countries have been secondary goals . 
  unsurprisingly , this does not make the average muslim a fan of islamist terrorists ; quite the opposite : the term `` daesh '' as a slur was coined by muslims , after all . 
  by being openly suspicious of all things muslim and by discriminating against them indiscriminately , the west would only play into the hands of islamist terror . 
  by all means , i feel free to disagree ( for what it 's worth , i have no problem including the the dangers to the less tangible values of a liberal democracy in a cost/benefit calculation ) . 
  in fact , i 'd be happy to see a policy that would completely and utterly eliminate terrorism . 
  i just do n't think that 's feasible . 
  if you disagree , please outline such a policy . 
  if you do n't think it 's possible to eradicate terrorism completely , then we 're back to where we have to allocate resources , just possibly with different weights . 
  okay , let 's put it this way . 
  how much money are you willing to divert from ( say ) cancer research or fixing dilapidated infrastructure or from your country 's pension system to fight terrorism ? 
  i am all for giving more money to law enforcement , but where is it going to come from ? 
  how much until it stops being effective ? 
   i bet the people who were killed today were also more worried about everyday accidents but ended up dying in a terrorist attack . 
  but its ok !, 
  the chances of that happening are statistically irrelevant so it does n't matter that they did !, 
  and what about the students who died in the coach accident in spain ? 
  or any other fatalities that are just as tragic , but simply did n't happen to be newsworthy ? 
  people die to stupid , tragic shit that should n't happen in a perfect world every day and it 's not less of an issue only because it does n't get plastered all over the news . 
   this is a good point , but how do we define `` diminishing returns '' ? 
  the point here is that increased safety is not `` free '' . 
  as a society , we have finite resources to deal with threats and can not all throw them at one minor risk . 
  in addition , certain safety measures are actually counterproductive , especially when we calculate the total effect on life risks . 
  irrationally throwing more money at risks that are n't actually as risky or as amenable to solutions does n't help anybody . 
  simply put , every euro or dollar spent on preventing terrorism wo n't be spent on improving traffic safety or fighting cancer . 
  resources are finite and have to be allocated so that you maximize their effectiveness . 
  tanstaafl and all that . 
   unfortunately , cars do not get together under the banner of a religion and plot to kill you . 
  nor does breast cancer network with other cancers around the world to strategize ways to kill you . 
  terrorists do these things , not car accidents . 
  accidents happen , but terrorism does n't need to . 
  the thing is , we can control the risks of danger from causes such as car accidents or cancer much better than terrorism . 
  we have been able to systematically reduce the number of lethal car accidents and the risk of dying from cancer by huge percentages over the past decades ; these are problems that are amenable to policy solutions , in particular domestic policy solutions . 
  global terrorism is n't . 
  there 's no silver bullet to make it stop . 
  that it may individually be less random does n't matter as long as we ca n't effectively influence the cause-and-effect chain and as long as such incidents remain relatively rare and are therefore hard to predict . 
  i am still far more worried about household accidents , car accidents , or breast cancer than terrorist acts , all of which are orders of magnitudes bigger risks for me . 
  it 's okay to react emotionally to these attacks ; our ability to feel empathy with the victims is what sets us apart from the terrorists ; empathizing is normal and healthy , both for us as individuals and for the society we live in . 
  but irrational fear is neither warranted nor healthy . 
  it 's not just about `` letting the terrorists win '' , it 's about not overreacting and throwing out the baby with the bathwater . 
  increased airport security after 9/11 may actually [ have * cost * lives ] ( https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2013/09/excess_automobi.html ) , because more people started to travel by car ( which is much less safe than a plane trip ) to avoid tsa-induced inconveniences [ 1 ] . 
  [ 1 ] obviously , prudent and proportionate security measures remain a good idea . 
  it 's pushing them past the point of diminishing returns just to assuage unspecific fears where it becomes irrational . 
   germany ca n't even use nuclear power domestically , it 's in the middle of a phase out . 
  germany is n't able to develop nuclear weapons quickly , and more importantly , ca n't develop delivery systems quickly . 
  i am not talking about germany using nuclear weapons . 
  * there is no geopolitical goal that russia could have to selectively gobble up poland and germany . 
  any attack on poland and germany would pose an existential threat to france and britain , too . 
  * absent nato 's article 5 , the eu 's mutual defense clause ( article 42 ( 7 ) teu ) still stands . 
  as a consequence , any practical scenario for such a war would be for all the marbles : conquest of europe . 
   the purpose of strategic nuclear weapons is conduct a and win strategic bombing campaign over the course of a week instead of years . 
  if nukes are unneeded to win the war , they wo n't be used . 
  no , the point would be the same as during the cold war . 
  as a deterrent , especially to compensate for weak conventional forces ( i.e. 
  for the same reasons the us never accepted a `` no first use '' doctrine for nuclear weapons ) . 
   even a general exchange between nato and russia , today , would n't be a `` end of civilization '' scenario . 
  i am not talking about the world becoming uninhabitable . 
  that would have been an extremely unlikely scenario even during the cold war . 
  but even selective use of nuclear weapons would have pretty massive [ effects on climate ] ( https://www.wunderground.com/resources/climate/nuke.asp ) and the economy that would make the results of the financial crisis look like a love tap . 
  frankly , it would probably be economic suicide for russia . 
  possibly even just using conventional forces . 
  the global economy is too interconnected in modern times for the effects of a russia-eu war to be anything but devastating for everybody involved . 
  on the plus side , hey , we probably would n't have to worry about global warming for years to come . 
   you 're one country away from russia . 
  let 's be realistic . 
  any war involving both germany and russia would feature plenty of mushroom clouds , nato or not . 
  it 's a hypothetical end-of-civilization-as-we-know-it scenario . 
  the actual type of war that you have to worry about is border conflicts between russia and the baltic states . 
  salami tactics and all that ( i.e. 
  like ukraine ) . 
  you 're looking at taxes in isolation , but the numbers include both taxes ( 22.5 % of gdp in 2012 ) and social contributions ( 16.5 % of gdp in 2012 ) . 
  in german you 'd look for the `` abgabenquote '' as opposed to the `` steuerquote '' .
