   these marriages are not compatible with western values . 
  [ well ... ] ( http://statelaws.findlaw.com/new-hampshire-law/new-hampshire-marriage-age-requirements-laws.html ) let 's be clear : i think this is way too young to get married , and in today 's society there really is no reason for minors to get married anymore ; even having a child out of wedlock stopped bothering all but the most conservative people decades ago . 
  and if it were up to me , i 'd get rid of all exceptions under the age of 18 . 
  but we should n't really break our arms patting ourselves on the back . 
  minors getting married has a long and storied history in the west , too , and getting rid of the idea has only been a pretty recent development . 
  it took the sexual revolution of the 1960s , which large parts of society fought tooth and nail . 
  and getting married at age 15 with the consent of the parents and/or a court is still possible in several european countries and states in the us . 
   why does the spd and cdu not have a single politician with charisma ? 
  charisma does n't win elections in germany . 
  on balance , the german electorate tends to favor competent administrators ( or at least those who they believe to be competent administrators ) over visionaries . 
  it 's not a skill set that the german political system optimizes for , which requires the ability to build and maintain coalitions ( both within a party and between parties ) . 
  also , there are charismatic german politicians , but they are either not in leadership positions in the two major parties or belong to the smaller parties . 
   i do n't understand how this makes sense though . 
  if your constitution states that fetus even in the first trimester is a human being , and abortion means ` murder ' , then how can the law be ` constitutional ' ? 
  first of all , the constitution does n't state this ; this is up to interpretation by the courts . 
  what we have is a couple of judgments by the federal constitutional court . 
  they do not actually go out and say that an unborn child has the full set of basic rights ( `` grundrechtstr\u00e4ger '' ) that you have after birth , but leave the question open . 
  they primarily say that the government has a duty to protect all human life and go from there . 
  second , abortion is n't murder and never has been murder . 
  not everything that ends a life is murder ; there 's manslaughter , negligent manslaughter , justifiable homicide , and assisted suicide , for example . 
  very few jurisdictions worldwide consider even an illegal abortion to be murder , but a specific and lesser case of homicide . 
  third , the right to life is not absolute . 
  the mother also has rights and they have to be balanced against the interests of the unborn child . 
  this is where the legislature has a fair amount of discretion . 
  fourth , while the state has a duty to protect all human life , this does not necessarily have to occur through the penal code ( especially as historically criminal laws have been fairly toothless , leading to abortions abroad or back-alley abortions instead ) . 
  instead , the state can also protect human life by making it easier to carry a child to term , offering financial support for raising children , widespread subsidized daycare , options to give birth anonymously , etc. 
  fifth , first trimester abortions by choice are technically still illegal ; there simply are no criminal sanctions attached to them . 
  there is no limit on when you can have an abortion if carrying the child to term would severely endanger your physical or mental health . 
  typical examples are when giving birth would put the mother 's life at risk or when the baby suffers from a birth defect . 
  in principle , this can happen even after viability . 
  the pregnancy being a mere inconvenience would not be enough to permit termination of a pregnancy after the first trimester , however . 
  well , whatever you think , there 've been plenty of documented cases , so obviously some people think it 's worthwhile . 
  most ( in ) famously , george w. bush used them both when running for governor and for president to discredit his opponents . 
   and it is not cheap , its the complete opposite . 
  the main cost is individuals and the hours that they are working and other overheads . 
  it 's typically a glorified robocall . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're assuming it 's cati . 
  nobody cares about the results ( which for all intents and purposes can be discarded right away ) , it 's all about getting the message out . 
  you are not just influencing the voters , but also their relatives and friends . 
  and it 's cheap ; you 're not conducting an actual poll , so no time is wasted on demographic questions and others that help improve accuracy ( and technically , you do n't even have to record answers , except where necessary to satisfy local laws that restrict robocalls ) , and it 's usually done by an automated system . 
   that company is not accredited by the mrs , someone is dropping the ball there if they were ever used in a major media poll . 
  well , the idea behind push polling is not to actually gather data , but to manipulate the opinions of the voters being polled . 
  it 's actually very comparable to what the us senate was like until the 17th amendment ; prior to that , state legislatures elected each state 's senators . 
  that was always nonsense . 
  the us already has a very favorable extradition agreement with the uk ; if assange were to be extradited to sweden , due to the [ rule of specialty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_arrest_warrant#specialty ) he could only be extradited to the us with the consent of both sweden and the uk , and those decisions would be subject to review by the courts in both sweden and the uk . 
  as judge howard riddle put it in [ the original judgment ] ( http://www.nnn.se/nordic/assange/docs/riddle.pdf ) :  it may be worth adding that i do not know if sweden has an extradition treaty with the united states of america . 
  there has been no evidence regarding this . 
  i would expect that there is such a treaty . 
  if mr assange is surrendered to sweden and a request is made to sweden for his extradition to the united states of america , then article 28 of the framework decision applies . 
  in such an event the consent of the secretary of state in this country will be required , in accordance with section 58 of the extradition act 2003 , before sweden can order mr assange 's extradition to a third state . 
  the secretary of state is required to give notice to mr assange unless it is impracticable to do so . 
  mr assange would have the protection of the courts in sweden and , as the secretary of state 's decision can be reviewed , he would have the protection of the english courts also . 
  but none of this was argued . 
  i note that judge riddle , as chief magistrate of england and wales is ( or now that he has apparently retired , was ) one of the preeminent english experts on extradition law , and all extradition cases passed through his court . 
  the problem is that the 2 % is just a made-up number ; it 's a political cattle prod more than something that is founded on an actual analysis of the defensive needs of the alliance . 
  * it ignores that many nato members have conscription armies ; the effect of conscription on gdp is largely negative , as you are taking a huge chunk of the labor force out of circulation for a year or so . 
  * it values raw spending over efficient and targeted spending . 
  thousands of german tanks armed with broomsticks would definitely drive up the number , but also have pretty low defensive value . 
  * european defensive spending is already massively higher than that of any potential threat , and the biggest of those threats ( russia , china ) are a concern primarily because of their nuclear arsenal , not because they might launch a conventional invasion of europe . 
  * spending 2 % of gdp is not the same for everybody ; countries like germany and france can satisfy a large amount of the required spending by turning to domestic suppliers , allowing them to turn such a requirement largely into a stimulus program ; smaller countries may have to import instead . 
  * this is also a major reason why the us can have such an outsized military budget ; it 's spending most of its military budget domestically . 
  a great deal of research spending is being funneled through darpa , for example , which in other countries would never touch the military budget . 
  and much of military recruitment functionally doubles as a politically acceptable employment program ( often with college grants and other benefits attached to it ) . 
  it includes tens of billions of spending on the va 's healthcare system , which in other countries would be absorbed by whatever the national healthcare system is . 
  and of course , a big chunk of military spending is basically a straight subsidy of the defense industry . 
  * military spending is not the only cost some countries have to deal with vis-\u00e0-vis potential threats . 
  several european countries are hit much harder by the sanctions against russia than the us . 
  per the technical notes , the adjustment takes into account that income is expressed logarithmically . 
  i 'm also not sure what 's `` weird '' about the results . 
  the scale is simply very compressed at the top end ( you 're looking at mostly fairly wealthy developed country , while the index is designed to cover the entire world ) and the average of three factors . 
  as with all such indices , its value depends on agree with the weight that these factors are being given . 
  i 'd look more at the education part , which can fluctuate fairly heavily between otherwise comparable developed countries . 
  again , the authors are likely more interested in broad worldwide tendencies ( such as how sub-saharan countries fare vis-\u00e0-vis brics countries or western europe in general ) rather than pissing contests about differences < .05 between rich developed countries . 
  i 'm also in europe , and `` in a few weeks '' still reads like the future ii progressive form of `` the dog ate my homework '' , to be honest . 
  in any event , if you can propose a genuine improvement on tony atkinson 's work , there are probably a few awards waiting for you . 
  in other words , you 're conceding my point ? 
  check the [ wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atkinson_index ) , for starters . 
   of course it does n't . 
  and that gives a hint that the definition used is flawed . 
  using the median instead of the geometric mean is better when defining the measure in question . 
  personally i 'd use a more complex formula in the definition , though . 
  it 's not flawed ( at least not the way you mean ) and it 's not `` some magic '' , either . 
  the atkinson index -- a well-established measure for inequality -- has various mathematical properties that using the median in lieu of the geometric mean would not have . 
  there is no such thing as median hdi or average hdi for a country . 
  to get the inequality-adjusted hdi for a country , you take the factors that go into the hdi , then use the atkinson index with \u03b5 = 1 to account for [ social welfare loss due to inequality ] ( http://voxeu.org/article/inequality-and-economics-tony-atkinson-s-enduring-lessons ) . 
  the atkinson index is computed separately and independently for all three factors . 
  should n't the currency symbol on the map be $ rather than $ then ? 
  for example , the price of a basket $ 1 worth of goods in austria would be $ .835 according to the chart , i.e. 
  $ 100 would buy you about $ 120 worth of goods . 
  but that 's pretty much the currency conversion rate , so $ 100 in austrian currency ( at the nominal conversion rate ) would come out to what $ 100 would buy you in america ? 
   should the same thing have been required to integrate further into the eu ? 
  because a supermajority was never needed to sign the lisbon or maastricht treaties . 
  in fact , these went through without the public even being consulted . 
  demanding a supermajority specifically for the brexit vote would have been rather conventient for the remain side . 
  the problem here is that referenda are not a natural element of the british constitution and are rather at odds with the principle of the supremacy of parliament and the fact that the power to negotiate and conclude treaties lies exclusively with the executive , acting on behalf of the crown . 
  there simply is no role for direct democratic elements in that process under normal circumstances , and the referendum was technically only advisory , after all . 
  if actual direct democratic elements were to be added to the british constitution , i 'd argue that this would require some extensive deliberation in order to strike a good balance . 
  if you want direct democracy , then that direct democracy also needs actual power , yet it ca n't be allowed to trivially cripple the normal day-to-day operations of the government . 
  that balance is difficult to find : look at california , where voters have severely curtailed the power of the legislature to tax , but simultaneously have a habit of requiring the state to spend money via referenda , a large reason for california 's ongoing budget troubles . 
  an interesting point of comparison is the [ scottish devolution referendum of 1979 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_devolution_referendum,_1979 ) , which required 40 % of the electorate to vote in favor in addition to securing a majority .
