  qe by itself does n't increase inflation ; corbyn 's `` people 's qe '' ( which is basically a more sophisticated helicopter drop and is not really a form of qe ) would , but that 's also part of why some people are afraid of it . 
  the traditional monetary policy lever for inflation targeting would be to adjust the interest rate ( specifically , to lower the interest rate to increase inflation ) ; the problem that central banks currently have is that with the interest rate essentially at zero they have to drop the interest rate below zero ( which the ecb is actually doing ) , but that has its own risks and seems to have only a limited effect . 
   well the ecb is really making a point of trying to make everything but property cheaper ... 
  it is a known risk of qe that it can result in asset price inflation ( not to be confused with regular inflation , which would be an increase in the price level of goods and services ) . 
  if you inject money in the economy , but people are unwilling to invest it , then it gets stashed away in real estate , stocks , etc. 
  especially in an economic climate with low inflation . 
  part of the problem is that the ecb was a bit late to the party with qe at a point where the economy had already settled into a deflationary slump and after the us and the uk had already implemented their own qe programs . 
  therefore , we now have an economy that is flush with cash -- not just in the eu -- but still reluctant to invest that money . 
  it has nothing to do with oil fields ; the eea requires you still to adhere to 90 % of eu law ( and in reverse , you get the benefits ) , but you do n't get a say in creating it . 
  this has often been denounced as a `` fax democracy '' ( because norway , iceland , and liechtenstein get this legislation faxed from brussels , basically ) , but in reality , it 's not all that bad ; the eu has so many veto points that truly harmful legislation is difficult to pass when there are plenty of interests already aligned with those of the eea countries . 
  in practice , the uk would probably negotiate an exemption or two for its critical interests that may need protection beyond that ( such as ensuring that eu banking regulations do n't cripple the financial services industry ) in exchange for giving up something else . 
   the only choice is to give the uk a sour deal or no deal without appearing vindictive , or collapse the eu . 
  no , eea conditions or a reasonable facsimile thereof is likely what we 'd end up with ; perhaps watered down a bit or with some token concessions so that politicians can save face . 
  this is not a bad deal -- norway seems to be doing fine with it -- but it is a step down from full eu membership . 
  it would not even get that far . 
  too many interests on both sides are against having free trade between the uk and the reu thrown to the winds . 
  if it came that far , the uk economy would be hurting badly in the meantime ; the reu less so , but there 's basically no economic upside to them cutting ties completely . 
  the biggest problem that the uk has is that so much of its economy depends on the financial services industry , while the financial services industry is also fairly mobile and can move abroad quickly if it were to lose access to the single market . 
  have a look at [ regional economic performance ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/gdp_at_regional_level ) . 
  the major high performing regions in the uk are london ( the city ) , edinburgh ( also banks ) , and aberdeen ( oil ) . 
  the oil industry is n't doing so well at the moment , and significant reductions in the financial services industry could easily make the uk look more like spain . 
  i do n't doubt that the british economy would recover in the end , but at least a major recession would be likely if the worst came to the worst ( again , i very much doubt that it 'd come to that ) . 
  the eu would not have to retaliate . 
  first of all , once the british government invokes article 50 , the clock starts ticking ; the uk at this point has two years to negotiate an agreement until its eu membership and all rights and duties associated therewith cease automatically ; absent an agreement , the uk will start trading with the eu using wto rules , which would hurt the british economy a lot . 
  in practice , this wo n't happen . 
  the parties involved are n't stupid , too many british and eu nationals would get hurt in the process , it 'd have nothing but downsides for both sides , so a compromise would almost certainly be reached . 
  but the time limit still puts the uk in a bad negotiation position ( from a purely game-theoretic perspective ) . 
  realistically , it will be impossible for the uk to negotiate better conditions than what the eea currently offers ( if only because it 'd make eea members extremely unhappy , and they 'd block a more favorable treaty ) . 
  in particular , the uk wo n't be able to get access to the single market without accepting freedom of movement ; freedom of movement has been a core principle of the eu ever since the treaty of rome and is as close to non-negotiable as you can possibly get . 
  the most likely outcome of a brexit , in my opinion , is therefore that the leave campaign would nominally get its wish , but without most of the actual goals that they desire . 
  this is not quite what 's happening here , though . 
  activist groups -- like the one in bochum -- had been trying for years to get fined in order to be able to take the issue to the courts and eventually obtain a ruling from the federal constitutional court ( which is where they appear to be going now ) . 
  they even informed the city in writing that they were going to break the law so that the city could n't possibly claim to be ignorant . 
  it also is n't a particularly effective way of silencing someone , as it 's only a civil infraction , is limited to certain dates , and a fine pretty much guarantees widespread media coverage of the event . 
  it 's a stupid law , but not one that can realistically be used to muzzle somebody . 
  greece is an outlier , though . 
  even italy and spain can borrow at pretty low rates . 
  the problem is more that you ca n't just spin up a large development bank overnight . 
  germany happened to have one lying around for historical reasons ( they needed a place to put the marshall plan money ) and had previous institutional experience with using it for countercyclical measures going back to the 1970s ; spain 's ico also has been around for a couple of decades at least and has been slowly expanding its balance sheet since the financial crisis . 
   you can get roi from infrastructure as well . 
  yes , which is why i wrote `` much of infrastructure spending '' . 
  but even where it can be done , it may not be in the interest of public policy to do it or there may be practical obstacles . 
  toll systems , for example , may impede traffic flow or require a large upfront investment to have them work painlessly . 
   i 'm not sure why quasi-gov investment banks have n't been more set-up and used more often in developing countries . 
  getting them right can be difficult ; they face unique challenges , such as lending to high-risk debtors and you need a corruption-free process with high accountability , which may be an issue in many developing countries . 
  you probably want to study both china 's cdb and brazil 's bndes for the good and bad parts . 
  but i agree that it is surprising how underused development banks tend to be ; after all , keynes himself considered the world bank to be the most important development to come out of bretton woods . 
  the biggest problem here , to be honest , are voters . 
  unless a country is basically drowning , voters are generally in favor of austerity even at the cost of reduced economic growth and unemployment . 
  even in the us , obama had a difficult enough time to get an undersized stimulus package through congress ( and much of the pushback was popular pushback , it was n't just tea party stuff ) . 
  balanced budget requirements in particular are [ enormously popular ] ( http://www.nber.org/papers/w1234 ) . 
  this is difficult to work around ; the only real alternative that i know is a decently sized development bank ; development banks can invest strategically as a countercyclical measure without adding to the public debt . 
  but in the developed world , only germany ( kfw ) and spain ( ico ) have reasonably sized development banks , and even with spain it 's a fairly recent development . 
  and development banks still have limitations ; they can generally only be used for investment if there 's the potential for profit , which excludes much of infrastructure spending . 
   then they quote an eu regulation totally unrelated to juncker 's statement - that he can can trigger a `` rule of law mechanism '' . 
  more importantly , the mechanism has been in existence for a long time and is pretty difficult to set off . 
  it 's article 7 teu , which allows the sanctioning of a member state that violates the core principles of the eu ( such as through a persistent disregard of human rights or the rule of law ) . 
  determination of a persistent violation under article 7 ( 2 ) teu requires a unanimous vote by the european council ( not the council of the eu ) -- i.e. 
  all governments of all the other eu member states must agree -- and the consent of a 2/3 majority of the european parliament . 
  if such a determination is made , the council of the eu may then impose sanctions under article 7 ( 3 ) and 7 ( 4 ) teu by a reinforced qualified majority , i.e. 
  at least 72 % of its members comprising at least 65 % of the population . 
  this is fairly difficult to pull off due to the unanimity requirement for the european council alone . 
  the role of the european commission is to investigate such violations , and where possible , to enter into a dialog with the offending member state to cure them without the need to invoke article 7 -- which is what the `` new powers '' are all about [ 1 ] -- and to propose such action under article 7 ( 2 ) teu if other approaches fail . 
  note that one third of the member states may also invite such action independently of the european commission . 
  [ 1 ] also known as the [ `` rule of law '' framework ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/justice/effective-justice/rule-of-law/index_en.htm ) . 
  meet [ cemile giousouf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cemile_giousouf ) , muslim mp for the cdu . 
  the article specifically talks about * relative poverty * , which is the accepted term for the phenomenon . 
  unlike absolute poverty , which is about material deprivation , relative poverty is about social deprivation . 
  it is not a new concept , either ; the idea goes back to adam smith who writes in `` the wealth of nations '' on what he calles `` the necessaries of life '' :  `` by necessaries i understand , not only the commodities which are indispensably necessary for the support of life , but whatever the custom of the country renders it indecent for creditable people , even of the lowest order , to be without . 
  a linen shirt , for example , is , strictly speaking , not a necessary of life . 
  the greeks and romans lived , i suppose , very comfortably , though they had no linen . 
  but in the present times , through the greater part of europe , a creditable day-laborer would be ashamed to appear in publick without a linen shirt , the want of which would be supposed to denote that disgraceful degree of poverty , which , it is presumed , no body can well fall into without extreme bad conduct . 
  custom , in the same manner , has rendered leather shoes a necessary of life in england . '', 
  things change , of course ; these days , we would classify even the inability to afford leather shoes to be a sign of absolute poverty , whereas for adam smith , it would have been a sign of relative poverty . 
  in retrospect , i wish i had been less bitchy about it ( or not commented at all , but what 's done is done ) , but this is a long-standing irritant for me . 
  no , i do n't find mocking another 's perceived negative stereotypical traits to be funny . 
  for starters , it 's like the whole `` laughing * at * someone '' vs. `` laughing * with * someone '' thing . 
  more importantly , good humor is about the incongruity between expectations or perceptions and reality ; it does not play on or reinforce stereotypes , it subverts them . 
  a good litmus test is to see if the same type of joke would work when applied to a minority : generally , the types of jokes that rely on clich\u00e9s are then awkward rather than funny . 
  applying them to groups or persons in power removes the awkwardness ( since it no longer feels like you 're bullying someone ) , but it does n't add the humor back in . 
  for example , i never figured out why calling george w. bush `` shrub '' was supposed to be funny , even though i despised the man 's policies . 
  what the op was commenting on was a civil case ( a temporary injunction , to be precise ) . 
  yeah , and that joke is about as funny as an adam sandler movie ? 
  i assume that if you trot out a tired nationalistic clich\u00e9 , you do accept ownership of your own nation 's stance . 
   even in regards to his post why would it matter that he 's from the uk ? 
  sitting in a glass house + throwing stones . 
  this is perhaps a bit rich , coming from the `` libel capital of the world '' ? 
  a term owed to both the very broad definition of libel under english law and the relative ease with which one could get awarded damages [ 1 ] . 
  plus , of course , the infamous [ section 5 ] ( http://reformsection5.org.uk/#?sl=3 ) of the public order act 1986 [ 2 ] . 
  [ 1 ] private eye was first successfully sued over its description of author colin watson as `` the little-known author who ... was writing a novel , very wodehouse but without the jokes '' . 
  the magazine reportedly [ sets aside a quarter of its income ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/media/2001/oct/07/pressandpublishing.politics ) for the purpose of libel settlements . 
  [ 2 ] while section 5 was amended through the crime and courts act 2013 to remove the `` insulting '' part , the director of public prosecutions [ stated ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-21020737 ) : `` we are unable to identify a case in which the alleged behaviour leading to conviction could not properly be characterised as ` abusive ' as well as ` insulting ' . '', 
  whether the amendment has any real effect therefore remains to be seen . 
  the effect referred to in articles 65 , 67 , and 68 vclt is the actual withdrawal from , termination/suspension of , or declaration of invalidity of the treaty , not any other procedures it may trigger as a side effect . 
  you are misunderstanding something . 
  it 's not an argument i am trying to make , i am merely saying that it is a facially reasonable argument and so merits consideration . 
  my point is that the question of whether an article 50 notification can be revoked is a genuinely open question under international law , not that it should be decided one way or another . 
  being critical is fine . 
  in fact , a critical back and forth of opinion is the lifeblood of democracy . 
  the problem is generally that much of the hate is irrational .
