  i was there , too . 
  the problem is that neither the american nor the german government has been able to identify a single attack that was prevented by the new surveillance measures , while several attacks were attempted or even succeeded regardless . 
  meanwhile , us intelligence in 2001 [ had been well aware ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/september_11_intelligence_before_the_attacks ) that a terrorist attack was planned , but the information was not acted upon ( in all fairness , it may not have made a difference , since nobody was expecting this type of attack ) . 
  nobody is saying that the nsa or bnd should be disbanded ; the concern is about the danger of an intelligence agency running wild without checks and balances . 
  you should n't rely on what you read in the filtered narrative provided by the international press ( which tends to not cover things that are of purely or primarily domestic interest ) or the comments section of websites ( for the obvious reasons ) . 
  the german intelligence agencies have been involved in their own string of scandals ; the bnd 's latest ( prior to the nsa-bnd cooperation ) had been that they were spying on journalists ; this was in 2005 and was extensively covered in the domestic press . 
  more importantly , in 2012 -- i.e. 
  just the year before snowden -- the nsu scandal broke . 
  it was honestly worse than anything that came out of the snowden affair : the allegations were that members of germany 's domestic intelligence services had not only been covering up , but aiding and abetting a string of neo-nazi murders . 
  in its wake , the head of the germany 's federal domestic intelligence service resigned , as did the leadership of the intelligence services of several german states . 
  in general , germans do n't trust their own intelligence services any more than they trust foreign ones , which is why there are so many safeguards . 
  ( the bnd had been complaining for years that the laws were too restrictive for them to do their job ; apparently they then decided to simply ignore them where they were inconvenient . ), 
  the collusion between the bnd and the nsa has been known since [ early august 2013 ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/german-intelligence-sends-massive-amounts-of-data-to-the-nsa-a-914821.html ) , i.e. 
  about two months after the initial leaks , and was further corroborated in the coming months . 
  this was just shortly before the federal election , which ensured that there was extensive coverage . 
  i 'll note that german comments also had a point there : the bnd had to break the law and had to circumvent a number of legal safeguards ; what the nsa did , was technically within the letter of the law ( and a lot of it remains within the letter of the law ) . 
  the g10 act , which regulates the bnd 's spying activities with respect to telecommunications , is also designed to protect the privacy of foreigners , not just germans . 
  the germans could reasonably claim that the german electorate and the german legislature had done their job and became victims of a rogue agency , while congress had willingly traded liberty for ( presumed ) security . 
  simple : the germans are upset about * both * the us government spying on them and their own government spying on them ( illegally , too ) . 
  not to put too fine a point on it , but the syrians in particular are fleeing * from * muslim extremists . 
  not really , since you were omitting the context of this quote :  under the `` strike hard '' campaign launched by the chinese authorities in april last year , tibetans are subjected to increased torture and imprisonment for peacefully expressing their political aspirations . 
  political re-education conducted by the authorities in monasteries and nunneries throughout tibet have resulted in mass expulsions , imprisonment and death . 
  i continue to be concerned about the fate of gedhun choekyi nyima , the boy i have recognised as the 11th panchen lama , and whose whereabouts are still not known . 
   last year china dropped all pretense of respecting the ancient religious and cultural heritage of tibet by launching a large-scale reform of its religious policy . 
  the new policy states that `` buddhism must conform to socialism and not socialism to buddhism ... '' under the pretext that religion would have a negative influence on tibet 's economic development , the new policy aims to systematically undermine and destroy the distinct cultural and national identity of the tibetan people . 
   new measures to curtail the use of tibetan language in education were introduced . 
  the tibet university in lhasa has been compelled to teach even tibetan history in the chinese language at the tibetan language department . 
  experimental tibetan language middle schools , established in 1980s with the active encouragement and support of the late panchen lama , are being closed down . 
  these schools were very successful and highly appreciated by tibetans . 
  `` these new measures '' , in short , are torture , political imprisonment , political reeducation , and suppression of freedom of religion by an oppressive government . 
   once again , it was just nice , good governed country with ( for africa ) great economic , small crime rate , safe streets . 
  as long as you were n't black , of course . 
  this sounds familiar . 
  almost like the following :  `` in the name of the greatest people that have ever trod this earth , i draw the line in the dust and toss the gauntlet before the feet of tyranny , and i say segregation now , segregation tomorrow , segregation forever . '', 
   -- george wallace ( though the speech was written by asa carter , a ku klux klan leader ), 
  germany does a kind of deficit spending through its development bank , the kfw . 
  basically , the kfw borrows money on essentially the same terms as germany right now and then extends cheap loans to smes , projects that invest in renewable energy , and so forth . 
  it 's actually pretty brilliant , because unlike traditional deficit spending , they 'll eventually get the money back ( kfw has been running a small profit of about $ 2 billion each year for the past few years ) . 
  last year , kfw had a total of $ 440 billion of loans on its balance sheet , considerably more than the german federal budget . 
  germany has also been doing normal deficit spending ( kurzarbeit , cash for clunkers , etc. 
  ) , but on a much smaller scale . 
  germany produces [ too many ph.d. s ] ( http://www.the-scientist.com/?articles.view/articleno/12628/title/ph-d--production--a-global-perspective/ ) ( as do some other countries ) . 
  the us has a ph.d. glut , and ca n't really accommodate all of them despite a less hierarchical university system , so it 's unlikely that germany can ( the us produces half the ph.d. s per capita compared to germany ) . 
  as a percentage of gdp , germany currently spends [ slightly more on r&d than the us ] ( http://www.battelle.org/docs/tpp/2014_global_rd_funding_forecast.pdf ) . 
  very few countries spend more ( nordic countries , switzerland , south korea , japan , and israel ) . 
  that said , there 's definitely room for improvement . 
  the archaic hierarchic system at german universities could be improved upon ( disclaimer : i 'm a * privatdozentin * at one , so this wish is n't exactly unselfish ) ; in particular , you want more permanent and fewer temporary jobs . 
  base funding for research at universities could be improved so as to reduce the dependency on external grants ; there 's definitely room for additional research institutes ( and plenty of talent to staff them ) ; some of the funding processes could be debureaucratized . 
  student numbers have exploded over the past 15 years , but capacities have not expanded to meet the demand . 
  plus , lots of structural reforms . 
   germany invites everyone to come nope . 
  germany made a statement that they would n't be using the dublin regulation to send syrians back to where they entered the eu . 
  this is because dublin puts a disproportionate burden on the poorer member states . 
  this is not about more people entering the eu , just about the richer member states doing their part . 
  both limits apply to the general population , but have different purposes . 
  driving with a bac of .05 or higher is a civil infraction , which carries a fine and loss of license as the penalty . 
  driving with a bac of .03 or higher ( relative impairment ) * can * be a criminal offense if your driving is impaired by it . 
  if your bac is .11 or higher ( absolute impairment ) , it is always a criminal offense , regardless of whether the prosecutor can prove actual impairment . 
  it can be punished with a fine or up to one year of imprisonment , plus loss of license . 
  on february 25 , 1986 , ferdinand marcos ( known for his corruption , brutality , and a history of political murders ) and his wife imelda were airlifted out of manila by us helicopters and were ultimately granted asylum in hawaii , thanks to that champion of freedom , ronald reagan . 
  just sayin ' . 
  do n't blindly believe every techdirt clickbait crap that you see . 
  yes , there 's a story , but it 's a lot more complicated than what the article says . 
  edit : the biggest problem with the story is that contract law in pretty much every jurisdiction that i can think of already allows restaurant owners to ban or restrict photography . 
  access to private property and getting food served is not a right ; you 're entering into a contract and the restaurant owner can make performance contingent upon conditions other than or in addition to payment ( such as not taking pictures of the food or other guests ) . 
  in short , your ability to take pictures did already depend on the consent of the owner . 
  what changed is that instead of implied consent explicit consent * may * be required . 
  second , there have been no actual cases and there 's no actual case law involving the photography of food in restaurants that i know of or that the original welt article mentions . 
  this is all based upon a judgment by the german federal court of justice a couple of years ago that lowered the creativity requirements for the applied arts ( in a completely unrelated case ) and the welt article is somewhat speculative . 
  that creativity requirement is still non-zero , so more than just a functional arrangement is necessary so that copyright protection attaches , and the lower the creativity , the less protection the work enjoys . 
  also , the work must be original . 
  third , the usual limitations and exceptions to copyright remain ; for example , the use of such pictures for journalistic purposes or certain transformative uses come to mind . 
  ( this is also why the original welt article only talks about the example of uploading images to social media . ), 
  finally , it 's the publication of such photos that may trigger copyright issues ; taking pictures for private use does not . 
  typo , fixed . 
  monetary policy is set by the federal open market committee , which has twelve members . 
  seven of the twelve members are the members of the board of governors , which are appointed by the president with the advice and consent of the senate . 
  the other members are five of the twelve presidents of the federal reserve banks , which are selected on a rotating basis . 
  the presidents of the federal reserve banks are elected by their respective boards of directors , subject to the approval of the board of governors . 
  the boards of directors are composed of class a , class b , and class c directors . 
  class a directors are typically bankers and elected by the member banks ; class b directors are also elected by the member banks , but represent the general public ( they can not be affiliated with banks ) ; class c directors are appointed by the board of governors also with a duty to represent the general public . 
  in short , commercial banks have a minority role in the decision-making process for federal monetary policy , but in the end every decision maker has been appointed directly or indirectly by the president and the senate . 
  as for pound sterling notes , yes , different banks do issue notes with different designs ; for example , rbs banknotes are different from clydesdale bank banknotes ( we lived in scotland for eight years , personal experience ) . 
  this has little practical effect , though ( other than making self-checkout machines in supermarkets more complicated ) . 
  i do n't know how many of them are in circulation , but they 're your typical currency in scotland and ireland , i.e. 
  what you get out of atms . 
  so , probably comparable to what the bank of england issues , scaled down to the relative size of the economies of scotland and northern ireland . 
  if you look at the [ police report ] ( https://www.polizei.bayern.de/muenchen/news/presse/aktuell/index.html/224238 ) , the perp is described as having a `` southern '' ( i.e. , mediterranean ) appearance and speaking unaccented high german . 
  the `` muslim '' claim seems to be made up from whole cloth . 
  first , the power of scottish and northern irish banks to issue banknotes does not extend to actual money creation . 
  [ to wit  ( http://www.acbi.org.uk/media/sni_notes_factsheet_nov12_copy1.pdf )  in accordance with current legislation , scottish and northern ireland banknotes are fully backed at all times by ring-fenced backing assets partly held in bank of england notes and uk coin and partly as balances on accounts maintained by the issuing banks at the bank of england . 
  as a result , the power of the rbs etc. 
  to issue banknotes ( technically , they 're actually promissory notes and may not even be accepted everywhere ) does not affect monetary policy and makes the british system not really different from other central banks . 
  the main difference between the ecb , the bank of england , and the fed are their mandates : 1 . 
  the bank of england has a dual mandate to maintain price stability and support the economic policies of the british government in order to facilitate economic growth . 
  the fed has a triple mandate of maximum employment , price stability , and moderate long-term interest rates . 
  the ecb has an overriding mandate to maintain price stability , with a subordinate objective to support eu economic policies ( article 127 tfeu ) . 
  the biggest problem that the ecb has is that this more limited mandate tied its hands in facilitating economic growth , because that always took a backseat to price stability . 
  both the fed and the fed engaged in countercyclical monetary policy that helped their economies to get back on track , while the ecb could not ( until draghi thankfully decided to technically break the rules so the economy would n't go to hell ) . 
  this is exacerbated by the fact that the stability and growth pact gives eu member states ( not just eurozone countries , by the way ) only very limited options for countercyclical activity .
