  * the provisions of the echr and the eu charter ( while the echr is technically not an eu thing , accession is a prerequisitive for eu membership ) . 
  human rights and judicial review are a bit of a b\u00eate noire for conservatives , but generally a good thing for the left ( example : the rights of gay or transgender people ) . 
   1016 participants does n't look like much in a country with 60 mln inhabitants this is not [ how it works ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/margin_of_error#effect_of_population_size ) . 
   and i do n't find the cities where they made the interviews : it could make a huge difference having them done in milan rather than in rome the selection is random ; they do n't pick them from a specific area . 
   but it 's not like there is lots of investment going on . 
  and a major reason why there is n't a lot of investment going on is the lack of inflation ; if money does n't lose value over time , then the rational response is to keep it stashed away rather than risking it in an investment . 
  this is why central banks generally have low , but non-zero inflation targets . 
  you do n't want money to lose value too fast -- that would also be bad for the economy -- , but if there 's no inflation at all , you are also killing investments . 
  as paracelsus said , the dose makes the poison . 
  well , there are two aspects to that . 
  preferring debit cards , direct debit , and overdrafts to credit cards is perfectly rational , as the conditions are usually better for either merchants , customers , or both . 
  credit cards -- with their high interchange [ 1 ] and chargeback fees , not to mention atrocious loan conditions -- are a bit of a fool 's game , with their main benefit being that the major ones enjoy worldwide acceptance . 
  what i have difficulties relating to is the preference of cash to pretty much all cashless payment methods . 
  while cash payments can occasionally make economic sense , mostly it just seems to be a habit . 
  i 've seen various theories ( privacy , being more aware of how much you spend ) , but they all do n't seem to adequately explain this phenomenon . 
  [ 1 ] yes , i know that the eu recently capped credit card interchange fees at .3 % , but that 's an extremely recent change , and many of the major german retailers did fairly immediately respond by starting to accept credit cards . 
  i may have phrased that poorly , but just to be clear ( it should have been clear from context , but apparently it was n't ) : i was n't referring to `` average '' as the mean or median of a statistical sample ( since i did n't even provide a reference population and juxtaposed it with `` normal '' ) , but `` average '' in the normative sense , as in `` ordinary '' or `` normal '' . 
  or , per the merriam-webster dictionary definition : `` a level that is typical of a group , class , or series : a middle point between extremes . '', 
   yes , all women should aspire to be as hot as that model , because she is fucking hot . 
  this is really only true if your highest aspiration as a woman is to end up in the picture album of a guy who has only ever known women whose names end in . jpeg . 
   if fatties get triggered by seeing what a fit body looks like they can choose not to buy the product being sold . 
  my point , as you may have read , is that these models typically are n't fit , but underweight , if you look at their actual bmis , with the images touched up to hide that . 
  see the link in my original comment for details . 
  while , as i wrote , i am all for promoting fitness , i am not in favor of promoting eating disorders . 
   you are wrong on so many levels . 
  professional athletes have perfect , healthy bmis not because they have a staff that keeps their body artificially malnourished , but because a perfect bmi allows for perfect health , performance and score . 
  the reason football players have 10 % body fat is not to look good , but to allow them maximum stamina , while keeping their acceleration in tact . 
  i was n't talking about soccer players . 
  i was specifically talking about high jumpers , who do have bmis that would for normal people be underweight . 
  the women you see on these pictures wearing bikinis are n't athletes , either , but models . 
  professional female swimmers tend to have arm and shoulder muscles that are so developed that they have a hard time them buying dresses that fit . 
   you 're probably right that the portrayal of women ( and men ) in ads , and media in general does not have much impact on people who are already overweight and obese , but it can serve as a motivation for people maintain normal weight , and shape the opinion of the society in general . 
  then we should do that by using pictures of people with normal weight . 
  my concern here is primarily for teenagers who may not have the life experience to realize that they 're being served up unrealistic body images and try to conform to them ( or , alternatively , fail and then give up ) . 
  as i said elsewhere , if you want to promote fitness , promote actual fitness , not some caricature of it . 
   you generally find that their diets are closely tailored to their training regime . 
  i 'm sure if you follow cycling you know this . 
  they 'll eat less to stay lean but eat more if training schedules demand it . 
  for what it 's worth , i do n't actually follow professional cycling . 
  as with soccer , i think it 's a sport that is way more fun to participate in than to watch ( and the spate of doping scandals killed any remaining interest i may have had ) . 
   my point was simply that you ca n't throw the calorific content of an athletes diet out there and call it too low . 
  of all people they have the support network to eat healthily . 
  they 're in top level competition , of course they need to be strict . 
  well , yeah , that was exactly my point . 
  they * do * have that support to attain and live with a bmi that would normally be considered unhealthy ; normal people do n't . 
  what i was getting at was that professional athletes tend to burn a lot more calories as part of their daily exercise compared to normal people with day jobs . 
   if you were talking about ballerinas you 'd have a point , but professional athletes know the effects of malnourishment all too well . 
  their diets are of course strict , but it 's a stretch to call them dangerous . 
  i did n't say they were ; but they are also generally supervised by doctors and/or nutritionists , after all . 
   i 'm not saying that everyone should look like me ( which in fact would be bad ) , but advertising , and media in general serve as sort of role models for our society , so if being overweight becomes accepted , and being thin is labelled as `` unhealthy '' , there is nothing left for us to look up to , leading to things like haes and other bullshit . 
  i do n't disagree with that . 
  the problem here is that normal , average weight women are also told that they are unattractive , while i doubt that these ads have much of an impact on already overweight or obese women ( other than depressing them ) . 
  this has exactly the wrong effect if you already have a healthy weight . 
  i am all in favor of providing both motivation and opportunity for people to maintain a healthy bodyweight ; heck , i 'm getting depressed whenever i 'm back home just by how many people need mobility scooters in supermarkets ( and not because they have a disability ) . 
  but , frankly , this is something that i very much doubt that ads will accomplish ( and as far as i know , there 's no scientific evidence to support such a hypothesis ) . 
  it runs deeper , it has to do with infrastructure ( the us is way too car-dependent ) , cultural dietary habits , and so forth . 
  i do n't think it 's an accident that the netherlands and denmark have both among the [ lowest obesity rates in the eu ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/percentage-of-obese-population-by-country-in-europe-map/ ) and great cycling infrastructure ( while the us and the uk do n't ) . 
  are you also a professional athlete ? 
   yeah but you made it sounds like no one should eat 1200-1500 calories a day without medical supervision . 
  that was n't my intent ; this is why i specifically referred to high jumpers who need to optimize both their body weight and their muscle mass and end up with a bmi that would generally be considered to be underweight . 
  this is from an [ interview with ariane friedrich ] ( http://www.tagesspiegel.de/sport/leichtathletik/interview-ariane-friedrich-ich-gelte-als-arrogante-ziege-stimmts/1574880.html ) , who is 179cm tall ( you do n't see very many world class high jumpers who are short or even average ) . 
  keep also in mind that i 'm talking about competitive athletes who burn a fair amount of calories simply as a result of their daily exercise regimen . 
   advertising by its very nature is aspirational . 
  the question is whether this is something that you should aspire to . 
  these models are [ usually underweight ] ( http://unleashedmagazinenews.blogspot.de/2012/10/the-ripple-effect-when-models-say.html ) with the pictures photoshopped and otherwise manipulated so that they do n't appear to be emaciated . 
  i 'm physically fit ( as an avid hobby cyclist ) with a bmi of around 22 . 
  i do n't know how to get much lower than that -- nor do i have any desire to do so -- without basically making organizing my diet a second job or risking malnutrition ; i also do n't look like anything in these ads , which have totally distorted our view of `` fitness '' . 
  some high jumpers -- who need a bmi similar to that of those models , because every gram of weight counts for that sport -- get by on diets of 1200-1500 calories per day , which would be crazy for most people if they did it without medical supervision . 
  yes , obesity is a problem , but so is having an eating disorder . 
  if you want to promote fitness , promote fitness . 
  yeah , but he also does crazy stuff at times . 
  for example , offering the greece government to leave the euro even though half the german government did n't know that this was coming ( which triggered a minor government crisis ) . 
  respected he may be , but he 's also got a machiavellian streak and sometimes likes to do his own thing . 
  not in the sense that what he says necessarily represents the whole government 's opinion . 
  remember also that it 's a coalition government ; the social democrats did publicly disagree with statements he made more than once . 
   germany 's already they wo n't allow the uk in the single market . 
  that was sch\u00e4uble , who does n't necessarily speak for the government and who can be a bit trollish at times . 
  as pretty much always , i 'd expect that actual german policy would be based on the needs of realpolitik . 
  that said , access to the single market would almost certainly require freedom of movement . 
  this is simply something where any attempt to bypass it would meet the veto of too many eu/eea member states to overcome . 
  but freedom of movement is also the one thing that the leave campaign wants to get rid of more than anything . 
  the biggest problem with amtrak is that freight trains are often given priority over passenger trains , which can lead to massive delays . 
  this is because most of the network is owned by the freight operators ; the exact impact varies depending on where in the country you travel . 
  amtrak also has a comparatively [ poor safety record ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/21/world/europe/railroads-around-the-globe-find-no-cheap-route-to-safety.html ) . 
  this has mostly to do with amtrak being underfunded and [ poorly designed legislation ] ( http://blog.amtrak.com/2015/02/message-amtrak-regarding-time-performance/ ) . 
  as another expat from north america who is living in germany , i do sometimes wonder how germans would react to getting the full amtrak experience . 
   joking aside , the article does exaggerate a bit ; about 95 % of all trains arrive with a delay of 5 minutes or less , about 99 % of all trains arrive with a delay of 15 minutes or less . 
  problems still arise because germany is one of few countries with a large * and * non-centralized railway network , so the average journey has more transfers and complicated train schedules , which leads to cascading delays when travelers miss connecting trains . 
  that said , there are serious structural problems ( see other comments in this thread ) , but a major reason for the current delays is also the ongoing construction to fix these selfsame problems . 
  these issues should n't be neglected , but it is n't all doom and gloom , either . 
  the major underlying reason , as far as i can tell , has been the failed attempt to privatize deutsche bahn and the cost cuts that went along with it . 
  privatizing rail without jeopardizing service quality is * hard * . 
  just making rail cost-effective without subsidies is difficult , having it turn a profit even more so . 
  in the long term , given how critical the railway system is to germany 's economy , i think the country may be better off keeping deutsche bahn state-owned and subsidizing it as needed . 
  this is a bit tricky because of eu rules for state aid , but rail is one of the few categories where you can get an exemption . 
  simpler . 
  i 'm saying that it may not result in [ inflationary pressure at all or only a negligible amount ] ( http://www.economicshelp.org/blog/2900/inflation/inflation-and-quantitative-easing/ ) . 
  there is no guarantee that the money injected into the economy will actually be put to use , especially if marginal propensity to save is high . 
   you have to just look at the absolutely massive scales of qe in the us and uk to get an idea of it . 
  the us and uk also have inflation values well below their inflation targets .
