  i honestly do n't know what you 're trying to say here . 
   are n't you moving the goalpost now requiring domestic policies to align with globalization ? 
  because the original quote explicitly talks about using ( domestic ) policies to maximize benefits and minimize risks . 
  it 's the entire bloody point of the quote . 
  it 's just as with forces of nature . 
  you do n't make wind and water go away , you build your local economy to minimize the damage they can do , to best utilize them ( energy , transportation ) , and compensate people for the results of force majeure ( such as flooding ) . 
   this optimization can and will leave people behind - if you get enough of those you will get problems , especially the political stability of the country will suffer which we see already happening in many countries . 
  if you want to see what happens if you try to live in an autarky bubble , look at the current russian economy , india 's post-ww2 era of near-autarky , or study the effects of the smoot-hawley tariff act . 
  you will basically be cut out of the loop and the rest of the world will advance economically without you . 
   if you want a stable globalization , you have to wait , maybe decades , for that part of the population who got shafted to regain their former ` wealth ' . 
  there is nothing that prevents individual countries from redistributing their income and wealth more equally . 
  the nordics do that just fine , even though they are very open to trade . 
  developed countries with high inequality ( such as the united states and the united kingdom ) have high inequality primarily because of domestic policies , not because globalization forced them to . 
  you will require a strong tax base to counter inequality , though and one of the most clever tricks conservatives have been playing on low-income voters everywhere has been to tell them that tax cuts work in their favor ( in an even moderately redistributive system , they generally do n't ) . 
  you are beating up a straw man . 
  nowhere does he say that you can not influence the shape that globalization takes ( in fact , he says the opposite ) , only that it can not be made to go away and can not be ignored . 
   i do n't get how trade agreements fit into this - if it 's a force of nature , what are they negotiating for years for ? 
  '' [ t ] o maximize its benefits and to minimize its risks . '', 
  nowhere does he say that the shape that globalization takes is immutable or can not be controlled . 
  just that it wo n't go away simply because you do n't like it . 
   if customs and price get more expensive it would be produced domestically . 
  well , what politician is going to be able to sell more expensive products ( from smartphones and computers to clothes and shoes ) to their voters ? 
  autarky is difficult . 
  and even if you do , other countries will just trade with each other and start to outpace you economically , because they have better economies of scale and can optimize their production . 
  in practice , this is why most countries have very limited trade barriers these days and mostly rely on [ non-tariff barriers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/non-tariff_barriers_to_trade ) , especially regulatory ones . 
  this does n't make him wrong . 
  i do n't particularly like him , either , but he is pretty good at explaining things . 
   * even as people take pride in their national independence , we know we are becoming more and more interdependent . 
  the movement of people , money , and ideas across borders , frankly , breeds suspicion among many good people in every country . 
  they are worried about globalization because of its unsettling and unpredictable consequences . 
  *  * yet , globalization is not something we can hold off or turn off . 
  it is the economic equivalent of a force of nature , like wind or water . 
  we can harness wind to fill a sail . 
  we can use water to generate energy . 
  we can work hard to protect people and property from storms and floods . 
  but there is no point in denying the existence of wind or water , or trying to make them go away . 
  the same is true for globalization . 
  we can work to maximize its benefits and minimize its risks , but we can not ignore it , and it is not going away . 
  * -- bill clinton , [ remarks at vietnam national university ] ( http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=1038 ), 
  unless you want to go into the very special case of prison rape ( which is n't really relevant for this discussion ) , the majority of women are raped by people they know well . 
  i would be very surprised if that were much different in sweden compared to other countries . 
  obviously , many of those rapes are not reported . 
  being jumped by a stranger while out and about is the exception , not the rule . 
  i 've no idea why you 're talking about poverty when i did n't even bring that up . 
  did you actually read what i wrote or are you just randomly copying and pasting stuff from somewhere ? 
  corruption is really difficult to quantify , because it 's an activity that occurs in the shadows and can not adequately be measured by a survey . 
  the [ corruption perceptions index ] ( https://www.transparency.org/news/feature/corruption_perceptions_index_2016 ) is probably the closest you can get , and i recommend focusing on the scores rather than the rankings ( as no country gets even close to being completely clean ) . 
  and remember that it 's only an approximation of actual corruption ( hence the name `` corruption * perceptions * index '' ) . 
  well , this is a cartel , so the european commission has the power to begin antitrust proceedings , and they have n't been exactly reluctant to [ smack such cartels down ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-16-2582_en.htm ) in the past without regard to national sensitivities . 
  ( the problem with dieselgate was that it was n't an antitrust case , so the eu had far more limited powers . ), 
  rape often occurs in the context of gang structures that evolve around economically motivated crime or in the context of human trafficking , for example . 
  less invasive forms of sexual assault are frequently used as distractions by pickpocket gangs ( because , somewhat depressingly , german law often did not penalize non-violent sexual assault , such as touching intimate areas , if the perp used the moment of surprise ) . 
  ( obviously , rape most frequently occurs in the home , committed by spouses or acquaintances , but those cases also rarely get reported and investigated , and drawing conclusions from such spotty statistics is difficult . ), 
  j\u00fcrgen roth is one of the best-known german investigative reporters on organized and extremist crime ; calling him an unknown person only shows that you do n't know much about crime in germany . 
  you can also dig into [ published news articles ] ( https://www.welt.de/welt_print/article1064871/russische-polizisten-sollen-probleme-mit-aussiedlern-loesen.html ) or the [ academic literature ] ( https://www.nomos-elibrary.de/10.5771/0934-9200-2011-2-50/russlanddeutsche-im-jugendstrafvollzug-was-ist-aus-ihnen-geworden-jahrgang-23-2011-heft-2 ) , where the phenomenon has also been covered . 
   for example , belarussian ( weissrussland ) population is quite small too . 
  why we have no problems with those suspicious guys from the east ? 
  there are plenty of suspicious `` guys from the east '' . 
  note that i said correlation ; population size is not the only factor . 
  for example , do you know that germany had a crime wave problem with poorly integrated russian immigrants after the fall of the iron curtain ? 
  if you speak german , [ here 's a short article ] ( http://www.juergen-roth.com/blog/die-gefahrlichen-strukturen-krimineller-russlanddeutscher/ ) . 
  it 's not even that . 
  even if this were a statistic about offenders constructed by a hypothetical omniscient observer , this would be fallacious . 
  for starters , if you look at the original graph posted the other day , you will notice that crime rates are inversely correlated with group size ( for example , the crime rate of germans in austria is also about twice as high compared to austrians in austria ) . 
  there are a number of explanations for that , but generally , crime rate does not rise proportionately with the size of a group . 
  so , if you had more people from algeria coming , their crime rate could easily go down . 
  nationality - or ethnicity-based explanations generally ignore the economics of crime or well-known criminogenic factors , both of which are usually more relevant . 
  ( economic reasoning also matters for crimes that are not directly committed for monetary gain ; often they are ancillary to crimes that are economically motivated or are part of the criminal structures that evolve around economically motivated crimes ; also , non-monetary gains still do n't ignore the laws of supply and demand . ), 
  the point the graph is making is about the immense number of false positives that you end up with if you make crime predictions based on nationality or ethnicity . 
  it 's an election year and they 're trying to appeal to the law and order crowd . 
  even if the law gets struck down ( which is likely ) , it 's a win for them . 
   this is what i do n't understand about a lot of people on this subreddit it 's eu or we do n't give a fuck , you could have 5 countries leave or thinking about leaving and you guys would n't think wow maybe the eu should consider it 's self , you think lol fuck them . 
  the problem i see is that a lot of people do n't realize how extremely difficult it was to get this alliance between 28 nation states with quite distinct economies and cultures going in the first place . 
  the problem is not that there 's no room for improvement , the problem is that there is an assumption that you just have to snap your fingers and poof , it 's done . 
  it 's not just a matter of political will . 
  let 's take an example : one commonly proposed change has been to reduce the size of the commission , because 28 commissioners is really , really too much . 
  that sounds great !, 
  less bureaucracy and all that . 
  now , what member states are going to give up their commissioners ? 
  are we going to use some sort of rotation as with the cjeu ? 
  will there be complaints that such a structure gives germany and france too much power ? 
  the lisbon treaty -- which came with great improvements for the eu , especially in the area of democratization -- took years to agree on ( including the aborted attempt at a european constitution from which it evolved ) . 
  and any amendment to the treaties will require some give and take from each member state , and there are 28 from them . 
  it 's always going to be like herding cats , unless you want to centralize the eu more . 
  and poland is in trouble because the other member states see a potential violation of article 2 principles . 
  it 's not like it 's a secret that democracy , human rights , and the rule of law in particular are among the non-negotiable aspects of eu membership . 
  they are part and parcel of the copenhagen criteria for accession and laid down in the treaties ; when poland ratified the treaties , it agreed to abide by them . 
  when there is such a discrepancy between the fundamental values of the union and what poland seems to want ( a more autocratic system ) , there really is not much room for compromise . 
  it 's a 2/3 majority of the federal constitutional court , [ \u00a7 105 bverfgg ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_bverfgg/englisch_bverfgg.html#p0487 ) . 
  orban 's concern is n't poland . 
  his problem is that once article 7 sanctions are invoked against poland ( and not just a warning ) , poland can not protect hungary against article 7 sanctions any longer . 
  it 's a `` hang together or be hanged separately '' kind of scenario . 
  an important detail is that it requires a 2/3 majority to elect them . 
  as a result , they 're largely chosen by consensus , with usually half of them being politically conservative and the other half progressive ( relative to the german political center ) . 
  this helps with keeping the court depoliticized : 1 . 
  any party-line vote results in a tie ; to strike down a law , you require a majority that crosses political boundaries . 
  parties generally choose judges based on their qualifications rather than for maximum political gain , as the election process does n't favor the latter . 
  it may be as simple as the inherent methodological problems with measuring healthy life expectancy . 
  healthy life expectancy is the expected number of years without injury or illness that you have to live . 
  in order to get that , you first have to figure out the health state of the population ( which is already subjective to some extent ) and then extrapolate from that ( possibly magnifying existing errors ) .
