  it 's easier to send money back or for emigrants to return temporarily or permanently . 
  that said , the brain drain is still not a good thing , but it 's also an inherently difficult problem to solve . 
  keep in mind that the rates are extremely low , so statistical differences can be due to factors -- often comparatively minor factors -- outside the quality of the healthcare system . 
  personally , i had both of my children while in scotland , delivered by the nhs , and i had absolutely nothing to complain about in terms of the quality of the care that i received . 
  maternal and infant mortality tends to be correlated with income inequality for rich countries ; a large portion of maternal mortality is due not to pregnancy complications , but due to [ other physical and mental health issues ] ( https://www.rcog.org.uk/en/news/rcog-release-new-measures-to-prevent-maternal-deaths/ ) that come to a head during pregnancy , and several of which can be related to external factors ( such as poverty , lifestyle , or climate ) . 
   it 's not that , but the use of bathroom is based on your genitals because females and males have different necessities , women have peroids while men have not , men can use urinals while women ca n't . 
  as an aside : you 'd be surprised ( also , just fyi , women 's bathrooms generally are n't specially equipped for dealing with periods , alas [ 1 ] ) . 
  a person with complete ais or swyer 's syndrome does n't have a period but ca n't use urinals , either . 
  many women completely suppress their periods ; many men do n't use urinals . 
  the underlying problem is that we assign people to bathrooms not just based on functional factors , but also because of ( often vague ) perception of sex and taboos . 
  ( if it were just function , nobody would be bothered by it . ), 
  now , to be clear , taboos are necessary for a society to function ( such as the taboo against taking other people 's property ) , but taboos tend to fail if they become too rigid and ignore boundary cases . 
  and what we 're seeing in the case of intersexual and transgender people is that many people are pushing for the most rigid interpretation of sex even where accommodating their reasonable interests is a perfectly viable option . 
   anyway , when you look like a man and you enter in the women 's restroom is inevitable that you are going to get a reaction , i understand the problem but transexuals consist of a small percentage of population , if we accept men in women 's bathrooms and viceversa someone might easily take advantage of this for their own interests . 
  this thread is about public schools ; having a pediatric psychologist or psychiatrist sign off on it would easily solve this problem . 
  this being about public schools is also an issue because school attendance is generally compelled and not voluntary . 
  students have to live with whatever bathroom policy there is . 
  [ 1 ] some may have tampon dispensers , depending on where you live . 
   as said it 's a reasonable one , i was not looking for perfection . 
  even so , those cases will not fail the test . 
  they will not take it in the first place . 
  the point i was getting at is that it 's pretty hard to create a test that is fair and non-discriminatory ( mostly because what most people think of has no real basis in biology or medicine , but in how they perceive others ) . 
  obviously , it 's pretty easy to create discriminatory tests , but they would be difficult to make into law . 
  excluding people with disabilities is a non-starter under current eu law , for example . 
  one that men with a disability or penile agenesis could fail ? 
  more importantly , what would be the rationale behind having such a law or regulation ? 
  you can draw all kinds of arbitrary distinctions , but the courts generally frown on distinctions that do not have a non-discriminatory purpose . 
   the cases you quoted refer to people that are born males/females but also partly developed physical parts of the opposite sex , not necessarily . 
  a person with cais generally looks completely female , for example ( unless you do a thorough medical examination ) , but is genetically male . 
   transexual people are born males/females but refuse their natural body and identify themselves in the opposite one . 
  the case of transsexual people may be more problematic than you think , too , because many of them exhibit sexual dimorphism in line with the gender that they identify with ( e.g. 
  brain structure ) . 
  this makes the `` natural body '' part already arguable . 
  for example , if the brain of a transgender person is different , why would we prioritize genitals over brain function ? 
   for me as long as you have a penis or a vagina you should use the bathroom based on that , unless someone can really be perceived to be a girl/boy . 
  and what would be the basis for making this particular distinction as opposed to one on , say , having ovaries/testes , or the absence or the presence of a y chromosome ? 
   if you feel that way your personal life is none of my business but if you are a male physically , you have to use the men 's bathroom . 
  that does n't really solve anything , because it 's already difficult to define what `` physically being a male '' is even before we touch upon purely psychological issues . 
  consider the following examples : 1 . 
  a student has complete ais . 
  this means that while the student 's karyotype is 46 , xy , the student also appears to be outwardly female ( but lacks ovaries and possibly other parts of the female reproductive system ) . 
  would you send this student to the male or female bathroom and why ? 
  another student has xx male syndrome . 
  this is the opposite : a 46 , xx karyotype paired with an outwardly male appearance . 
  which bathroom should this student use and why ? 
  a third student has 46 , xx/46 , xy chimerism , leading to the development of ambiguous sexual characteristics , giving the student neither a male nor a female phenotype . 
  which bathroom for that student ? 
  keep in mind that this is hardly a theoretical problem : intersexuality is [ common enough ] ( http://www.isna.org/faq/frequency ) that most schools will probably have several students with an intersex condition . 
  it 's just that the vast majority of intersex conditions simply are of a kind that people wo n't know about unless they are told , so they usually go unnoticed . 
  now that you 've considered these cases , think about this : a fourth student has a 46 , xx karyotype and a female phenotype , but the student 's [ brain structure more closely resembles that of a boy ] ( https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/is-there-something-unique-about-the-transgender-brain/ ) and the student claims to be male , dresses like a boy and is perceived to be a boy by those who do n't know better . 
  what about this one ? 
  look up [ salami tactics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salami_tactics ) . 
  the general idea is to ** not ** fight ww3 . 
  just as ww2 may have been prevented if the allies had stood up to hitler earlier . 
  this requires a reasonable level of deterrence . 
  ( note : i find it unlikely that ww3 would happen anytime soon , one way or the other , but nobody can predict what 's going to happen a few decades down the road . ), 
  yes , ideally europe should be able to provide enough deterrence of its own ; but adding american forces to the mix would reduce the risk of russian military action regardless . 
  regardless of the level of conventional forces , europe has explicitly not built up a nuclear arsenal outside of the uk and france , based on the assurance that the us nuclear umbrella would cover europe , too . 
  this is in america 's best interest , too , because america does n't want nuclear proliferation , either . 
  withdrawing the nuclear umbrella would risk european countries withdrawing from the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons . 
  wealth is a somewhat problematic indicator of inequality . 
  two major issues are that measures of wealth generally includes real estate ( which , at least for your home , is not exactly the most liquid form of wealth ) , but does not include state pensions ( which can represent considerable wealth ) . 
  both factors are mentioned in the article , but they deserve emphasis . 
  this is not how development banks such as the eib work . 
  they make loans , with interest based on the actuarial risk of the loan . 
  because the eib is a non-profit organization , no additional interest is charged based on the need of having to make a profit , and because the eib has a aaa rating , it can borrow very cheaply . 
  a development bank can fill needs that the private banking sector does not serve adequately . 
  an example is lending to smes . 
  smes often lack the collateral for traditional loans and do not have the high returns that venture capitalists are looking for . 
  other examples include counter-cyclical investment or stimulating a sector of the economy through affordable loans that the government wishes to grow ( such as renewable energy ) . 
  the graph is for full time equivalent wages only . 
  if you go to the site where it 's from , you can also find income before and after taxes and transfers . 
  to the best of my understanding , this appears to be a [ rather difficult question to answer ] ( http://www.sebastianmitchellbarr.com/blog/2015/10/8/why-are-transgender-people-more-likely-to-attempt-suicide ) . 
  not so much pseudo-science , but that we still have a very limited understanding of the phenomenon . 
   but please , i beg of you : do not medically `` treat '' minors . 
  unfortunately , it 's not that easy . 
  if you have a child with gender dysphoria , then ideally you do n't want them to undergo the `` wrong '' type of puberty . 
  it is a traumatic and cruel experience . 
  keep in mind that transgender people are disproportionately suicidal , and you have a pretty dangerous mix . 
  if you are positive that you have a gender dysphoric child , beginning treatment before the onset of puberty is the ideal option . 
  the problem is that not all children that believe themselves to be transgender actually have gender dysphoria ; for some it may be an escape mechanism from abuse , an act of rebellion , or simply a phase . 
  and you do n't want such a child to make an irreversible mistake . 
  so , what you need is not a categorical ban on the treatment of gender dysphoria in minors , but sufficiently sophisticated safeguards to minimize the risk of errors . 
  disclaimer : a good friend of mine has an intersex child and has to deal with related ( though slightly different ) issues . 
  so it 's not purely a theoretical concern for me . 
  it 's nothing new that germany has high income inequality * before * taxes and transfers . 
  however , germany also has a highly redistributive system , which makes income inequality * after * taxes and transfers pretty low . 
  not nordic-level low , but still below the oecd average . 
   nationality is not just a matter of practical issues but also a symbol of your commitment and like in relationships commitment to more than one partner causes problems . 
  speaking as a dual national ( american/german ) , what exactly would these problems be ? 
   someone has to write a book on the second german economic miracle one day . 
  a major reason is probably germany 's public banking sector ( from savings banks to kfw ) , which functioned as an investor of last resort , so to speak . 
  in particular , it allowed germany to invest in the economy without simultaneously running up a ton of debt ( which is what classic deficit spending would do ) . 
  kfw alone has a balance sheet of over half a trillion euro now ( even though a fair amount of that is actually being lent to other countries , both within the eu and as foreign aid to developing countries ) . 
  relevant information about the project can be found [ on the iki site ] ( https://www.international-climate-initiative.com/en/projects/projects/details/catalyzing-forest-and-landscape-rehabilitation-for-climate-resilience-an-biodiversity-conservation-in-east-africa-373/ ) and the [ clinton foundation site ] ( https://www.clintonfoundation.org/our-work/clinton-climate-initiative/programs/forestry-program ) . 
  looks on the up and up to me . 
   so we should just go back in time 50 years so that migrants feel more at home and the pedophilia trades can go and and hey , maybe even women will finally get the hint and stay in their houses once and for all . 
  how about you work on your reading comprehension first so that you might realize that this is the exact opposite of what i said ? 
  which part of `` if it were up to me , i 'd get rid of all exceptions under the age of 18 '' did n't you understand ? 
  why is functional illiteracy apparently so widespread among the populist right ?
