   do n't put words in my mouth . 
  i was n't trying to put words in your mouth . 
  as i wrote , i had a hard time understanding you , because you were pretty cryptic about what your actual issues were . 
   i hope you finally understood what i am trying to get across . 
  honestly , i 'm more confused than ever . 
  i 'm not sure what actual policy implications this `` image '' would have and why you 'd be upset about it . 
  insofar as this misconception [ 1 ] exists , there is no evidence that it has had any practical impact , nor what it has to do with the post that started this subthread . 
  [ 1 ] note that if the syrian civil war lasts long enough , plenty of refugees will be eligible for and acquire german citizenship or will be able to stay for other reasons . 
  while i hope that this does n't happen -- not because of the refugee situation , which will have been resolved one way or the other by then , but because a civil war that lasts over a decade will completely destroy this part of the world -- it 's a possibility . 
   this is still not addressing the discrepancies between what is the law and what has been propagated . 
  even if you say that merkel did not encourage anyone to come here , it certainly was perceived this way . 
  people obviously have all kinds of misperceptions . 
  the original post in this subthread is an example , as it ( 1 ) misquoted her and ( 2 ) out of context . 
  the poster is a german , and if he or she is unable to quote the german chancellor literally ( i 'm not talking about parsing the statement , just replicating it verbatim ) , there will obviously be plenty of people who misconstrue it . 
  i 'm not arguing that . 
  the question is , what policy implications does this have ? 
  no matter what , not enough people seem to have misunderstood it for it to have a discernible effect on refugee numbers . 
  if she had done anything differently , it 's doubtful that the situation would be much different now [ 1 ] . 
   and no , citing statements that either have nothing to do directly with this situation ( i.e. 
  talking about economic migrants ) , citing the laws ( that no one read , certainly no one in the me ) or trying to make this argument into one whether syrians have a valid claim or not , is not going to convince me that merkel did nothing wrong . 
  my problem here is that without being a mindreader , i could not know what exactly you were talking about . 
  most criticism seemed to ( incorrectly ) indicate that she issued a blanket invitation for mass migration , regardless of their status , so i assumed you were upset about something similar . 
  so , you seem to be upset about actual bonafide syrian refugees coming to europe . 
  that 's an unusual critique , but i think i understand you now . 
  the fact of the matter , however , is that right now the vast majority of syrians * are * entitled to protection under eu law , and if she said otherwise , she 'd be lying . 
  and there is only so much you can do to discourage people from leaving a war zone . 
  the reasons why syrians come to the eu is because the adjoining countries are swamped with refugees and because there are over 7.5 million internally displaced people , meaning that even safe zones in syria are struggling to accommodate them . 
  and europe right now is next to the middle east . 
  in short , this is about geopolitical realities . 
  secondly , i 'm not trying to convince you that merkel did nothing wrong , because it 's not something i believe myself . 
  however , my criticism is usually about her actual policy failures and shortcomings , not imaginary ones . 
  [ 1 ] i 'm not including her domestic policies involving refugees and asylum seekers , which offer ample targets for criticism . 
   during september , there was never a statement from merkel or some of her subordinates indicating that people who fled from syria/iraq would have to return after three years ( if the war was over ) . 
  and it would have been contradictory to the frenzy about integration that she and the government were propagating at the time . 
  this has been standard german policy since forever . 
  because it is [ the law ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_asylvfg/englisch_asylvfg.html#p0527 ) . 
  law that the federal government has to follow . 
  for example , after the balkan wars , [ nearly all refugees ] ( http://www.efms.uni-bamberg.de/ds27_2_d.htm ) had to return . 
  merkel was literally just explaining the existing law , she was n't making a new policy statement . 
  but it 's also irrelevant , because almost all syrian refugees are still entitled to protection under the eu 's qualification directive , so this will do nothing about the refugee influx . 
  plus , people who come from syria do not come because they want to improve themselves economically ( syria used to be a pretty decent place to live if you were n't on the regime 's target list ) , but because their home is a [ bloody war zone ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/26/syria-heritage-in-ruins-before-and-after-pictures ) . 
  i 'm not sure why the january 2016 statement is in any way relevant , since we 're talking about what happened in the second half of 2015 . 
   while it may be true that the clusterfuck of communication is mostly to blame on the media , it still remains that she did not enough on her part to correct that image , until january 2016 . 
  i remember that the media was surprised by merkel 's stance , since it contradicted the - at the time - current narrative of her being mother theresa . 
  there 's only so much any politician can do if the media insist on ignoring it . 
  i already cited her interview in september , and she said more or less the same at a [ press conference ] ( https://www.bundesregierung.de/content/de/mitschrift/pressekonferenzen/2015/09/2015-09-07-merkel-gabriel.html ) ( also in early september ) :  * diejenigen , die keine bleibeperspektive haben , m\u00fcssen unser land auch wieder verlassen . 
  * i.e. 
   * those who can not expect to remain , will have to leave our country . 
  and therefore we talked about removing perverse incentives . 
  this means that cash benefits in reception centers shall be replaced by in-kind benefits as much as possible . 
  * i.e. 
  :  * `` safe countries of origin '' is one of the key ideas . 
  cash benefits shall be paid at most a month in advance and social benefits for those who have an enforceable duty to leave will be reduced . 
  those who have an enforceable duty to leave will have to depart our country . 
  * a law to implement these and other measures was debated during the following weeks and passed in october . 
  i 'm sorry , but reporters who are capable of ignoring and filtering this entire stream of events fail at journalism . 
   everyone from orban to the smugglers had an interest in twisting merkel 's words , it was her responsibility to get her own message out , and she failed bigtime . 
  and that would have been effective how ( nevermind that she did repeat that position on several occasions and her government even [ passed laws ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/gabriel-german-coalition-reaches-deal-on-new-asylum-laws/a-19010271 ) to support that policy ) ? 
  for example , consider that the ppaca is commonly called obamacare these days , even though obama 's primary contribution was the signature on the finished law ( which was largely written by a senate committee based on the massachusetts healthcare law implemented under romney ) , and not for lack of attempts by democrats to change the perception . 
  if there 's a nuanced perspective and a clickbait option , the clickbait generally wins , no matter how hard you try . 
  ( this has a number of reasons , especially social media -- including reddit -- working as clickbait amplifiers . ), 
  second , this was not done by orban and the smugglers . 
  this was done by the regular media ( especially the english-language media ) who went for the clickbait over proper journalism . 
  note that also that the poor reporting was bipartisan , just with a different purpose . 
  you could , for example , see the independent and the guardian laud merkel and the telegraph and the spectator condemning her policies ( or what they described as her policies ) . 
  what both sides of that narrative had in common was that they had at best a nodding acquaintance with the facts ; at times , it was like observing a huge game of telephone , where nobody actually bothered to do actual on-the-ground reporting , but reported on other reporting , which in turn was a regurgitation of the existing narrative . 
  third , it 's still factually inaccurate to describe it as an `` invitation '' and there does not seem to have been any discernible effect on refugee numbers either way . 
   she should have made a very strong point that only legitimate refugees from warzones should even attempt to claim asylum . 
  this would be inaccurate . 
  asylum is granted to those suffering persecution for political , religious , ethnic , or similar reasons . 
  refugees from civil war do enjoy so-called * subsidiary protection * . 
  she * did * make the point that protection is given only to those who flee persecution or a civil war rather publicly in an interview in early september and that those who seek asylum for economic reasons would have to return to their countries . 
  the media simply chose to largely not to report on that latter part ( and in many cases also engaged in some heavy editorializing for the rest ) . 
   however , most syrians fall under the refugee convention and not under the asylum convention . 
  this is not really accurate , either . 
  the convention and protocol relating to the status of refugees is about those who flee from persecution ( political , religious , ethnic , etc. ) . 
  deportation to countries where a person 's life would be in danger -- including , but not limited to a state of civil war -- is forbidden under the principle of non-refoulement , one of the highest principles of customary international law . 
  refugees from civil war are therefore granted * subsidiary * protection under the eu 's qualification directive . 
  syrians often fall in both categories , because there is both a state of civil war in syria , but also persistent political and religious persecution ( by either assad 's regime or daesh ) . 
   why she would conflate the two is beyond me , especially since she later in january 2016 clarified this . 
  she did n't . 
  you can read the original interview [ here ] ( http://www.rp-online.de/politik/deutschland/angela-merkel-das-grundrecht-auf-asyl-kennt-keine-obergrenze-aid-1.5383275 ) :  * the right to asylum for political refugees knows no upper limit ; this also applies to people who come to us from the hell of a civil war . 
  but there are also people who come from safe countries , especially the balkan , with the -- from their perspective -- understandable desire to lead a better life . 
  but when there is no reason to grant asylum , and this is the case for most of them , they must also return quickly to their countries . 
  * note how very specific the quote is : she distinguishes between three types of refugees ( those who seek asylum from political persecution , those who flee from a civil war , those who seek asylum for economic reasons ) and notes that there is no right to when you come to a country for economic reasons and that those will have to return . 
  the media then made a complete pig 's breakfast of the quote , mashing the first two types of asylum seekers together and failing to report on what she said about the rest . 
  the [ unhcr numbers ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php ) for the balkan route do not paint a greatly different picture . 
  numbers between june and october 2015 followed a predictable progression , then fell off a cliff after october . 
  there is no obvious effect that the events in late august/early september may have had , one way or the other ( even more so once you account for the time that potential asylum seekers needed to begin preparations and travel to greece or italy ) . 
  i expect that you can explain why you think that such a comparison is n't worth investigating ? 
  granted , the eu is a much looser confederation than the usa , but if anything , that should strengthen my argument . 
  why latin/central america ? 
  the difference between the usa and the eu is that the usa was largely complete over a century ago ( only alaska and hawaii joined after 1912 ) , so we had much longer to fix any issues arising from a disparate union of states . 
  and trust me , there were plenty of thorny problems during the expansion of the us that dwarf anything the eu is facing , from slavery in the south to polygamy in utah . 
  there were rich states , poor states , and a plethora of cultural and social differences that had to be reconciled . 
  for example , the case of brown v. board of education before the supreme court dealt with a far bigger cultural divide than anything the cjeu may have to potentially deal with . 
  it 's a translation of the latin * principiis obsta * from ovid 's * remedia amoris * ( `` remedies against love '' ) , and its literal meaning is `` resist the beginnings '' ( in the original , referring to the beginnings of love , but that has been generalized since then ) . 
  in english , the closest idioms are probably `` to nip something in the bud '' or `` do n't allow the camel to put its nose in the tent '' . 
  this particular american person has a german mother and a godfather who is a german public prosecutor , so i may have just a bit of an advantage when it comes to knowing these details . 
   i always find it quite strange that drugs are supposedly quite serious and yet police are generally fairly tolerant .
