  first , i am not sure where you get the idea that this was a `` mericans r dumb '' post . 
  after all , that would also apply to me . 
  but you were making an unsubstantiated and speculative connection between research output and how challenging college is ( or perceived to be ) . 
  i gave you reasons why these are unrelated , and what else is likely to account for that perception . 
  and if you had thought about it rather than bristling at a perceived slight , you 'd have understood that these reasons generally have little to do with `` americans are dumb '' and more with `` american universities have more generous funding '' ( well , many of them ) while german universities have to work around problems that universities in the us may not even be aware of ( such as the language problem when hiring faculty ) . 
  that said , yes , american high school education is still bad [ 1 ] and colleges tend have to clean up after them . 
  not all do , of course : some are simply highly selective . 
  but in general , there 's a teaching gap that simply has to be accounted for , one way or the other . 
  [ 1 ] which is not to say that german high schools are better , but their problems are unrelated to preparing students for college . 
   i find it hard to believe that us universities are just super easy compared to german ones , especially considering how much research comes out of american universities . 
  speaking as an american working at a german university : 1 . 
  american high schools lag most of the rest of the developed world by 1-2 years . 
  in america , a good part of the first couple of years in college is spent catching up ( especially in math ) . 
  the american grading system is * very * forgiving compared to the german one ( which is also used in plenty of other european countries ) . 
  in germany , your entire grade is usually determined by your final exam alone ( written or oral ) . 
  and at least in the stem fields , we 're talking about grueling three hour sessions as the sole determinant of your grade . 
  i.e. , it 's high-stakes testing all the time ( whether that 's good or bad is a different story , but it 's definitely more pressure ) . 
  there 's a lot less hand-holding at german universities ; it 's a sink-or-swim approach . 
  you are supposed to have picked up anything you needed for college in high school . 
  once you enter university , it 's up to you to get organized with relatively limited help . 
  german professors generally have too much of a teaching load in order to offer extensive office hours , for example . 
  i do n't think that 's a good thing , but it also makes us universities appear easier to those who have toughed out the german system . 
  for a concrete example , even at my own mid-tier german university , the calculus exams are harder than at stanford ( there 's actually no separate exam for basic calculus , it 's part of a course in the foundations of mathematics , because everybody already had calculus in high school and we 're just redoing it with a proper scientific approach ) . 
  [ this mathoverflow question ] ( http://mathoverflow.net/questions/51891/teaching-undergraduate-students-to-write-proofs ) indicates why : at most american universities , the first two years of mathematics focus on computations rather than proofs . 
  research output does not really matter for this : teaching undergraduate classes is not rocket science ( good students can even learn exclusively from books and lecture notes without ever attending classes ) , and us universities tend to really overcharge for it ( well , what you 're mostly paying for is the brand name and networking opportunities , not the education itself ) . 
  things are different at the graduate and doctoral level , but here you need to understand the difference between the us system and the french and german systems : in france and germany , research institutes complement university education ( keep in mind that , if the max-planck society were a university , it would rank ahead of oxford and cambridge and most us universities ) . 
  this has a number of reasons , but a big one is that in order to become a professor at a french or german university , you generally need to be able to speak french or german so you can teach ( outside of specific english-language programs ) . 
  this greatly reduces the pool of candidates universities can hire from . 
  research institutes are not so constrained ; however , they are still affiliated with universities and offer opportunities for graduate and doctoral students . 
  for example , while lum in munich may not rank all that high internationally , this does not account for the gaggle of mpis affiliated with it . 
  obviously , this comes at a price : germany does not really have anything like harvard , where you have a lot of scientific breadth * and * depth conveniently located in one place ; scientific depth exists , but it 's scattered all over the country . 
  ( sort of like how , even though michigan state is n't a top tier university , it 's one of the best places in the us to do nuclear physics because of the nscl . ), 
  and this can be really inconvenient for graduate students . 
   it makes absolutely no sense to insure against events you know will happen . 
  however , it makes perfect sense to do this as a * social system * to eliminate cashflow concerns and to redistribute income . 
  that it is called insurance for historical reasons is irrelevant . 
   my point is that you can have competition and proper market mechanisms and still provide care to poor people . 
  that 's very speculative , given that there is no working example of such a system and that there are many examples that seem to indicate that normal market forces do not work well for healthcare . 
  and given that we have existing systems that seem to work well enough , there is very little incentive to experiment . 
   insurance by definition is against considerable losses , not against having to buy a bandage . 
  what the historical definition of insurance is does not matter . 
  modern health insurance has expanded beyond that narrow historical meaning . 
  policy decisions are not made on the basis of dictionaries . 
   it opens up the system for all kinds of corruption and removes the consumer 's incentive to look at prices . 
  the alternative is not any better . 
  for starters , need-based benefits are one of the fairest redistributive mechanisms that exist and much less prone to abuse or corruption than cash transfers ( especially when combined with a copay or coinsurance mechanism ) . 
  not covering basic needs can also lead to low income people forgoing necessary treatment . 
  and copay/coinsurance already creates an adequate incentive so that patients do not use services unnecessarily ; price negotiation generally does not work well at the doctor-patient level ( and there are lots of subtle implementation issues that can create perverse incentives ) . 
  if you want to look at something that 's unlike either the us or the typical european system that tries to take market factors into account , singapore 's might be worth a look . 
  it is not very redistributive , though . 
   insurance is supposed to guard against disasters , like cancer , not against common , easily treated illnesses , such as the flu . 
  this is not really accurate . 
  it is quite intentional that many european healthcare systems also cover very basic needs , and there are two reasons for it : 1 . 
  the redistributive effect of basic health benefits , which reduces inequality . 
  public health insurance exists not just to insure you against health risks , but also as a need-based social scheme . 
  public health . 
  for example , basic dental care ensures that low-income people do n't forgo ( say ) a dental checkup or a filling because money is tight and eventually end up losing teeth [ 1 ] . 
  [ 1 ] yes , i know that not all european systems cover basic dental care . 
  it 's an example . 
  this is really true for pretty much every country that is a signatory to the convention and protocol relating to the status of refugees ( and even in the case of non-signatories , the principle of non-refoulement bars deportation in those cases ) ; germany is simply following its obligations under international law [ 1 ] . 
  in short , they are almost certainly guaranteed to receive asylum , because they already have a watertight case for asylum . 
  plus , they already have a strong incentive to be anywhere but in their home country completely unrelated to poverty . 
  that incentive is ( 1 ) for syrians to not die in a civil war and ( 2 ) in the case of eritreans to escape from a totalitarian hellhole . 
  [ 1 ] in theory , germany could send them back to safe third countries ( this is also the cause of the vast majority of rejections for syrians and eritreans ) ; the problem is that there is a definite shortage of safe third countries willing to accept them . 
  i 'm not sure if that infamously vague provision of the patriot act is really a shining example of the american criminal justice system in action , and the supreme court indicated in [ holder v. humanitarian law project ] ( https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/09pdf/08-1498.pdf ) that mere independent advocacy for or association with a terrorist organization might not be covered by it . 
  in any event , germany has a [ similar law ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p1217 ) , criticized for similar reasons . 
  it carries a penalty of six months to ten years for supporting a terrorist organization . 
  given that germany does not really have a concept of prosecutorial discretion and that people have been prosecuted for support of daesh before , i assume that he was n't prosecuted under this statute because the prosecutor could n't prove such a case or ( unlikely ) that jurisdictional issues prevented a prosecution . 
  under what statute would you see him convicted in the us ? 
  remember that even morally bankrupt forms of speech enjoy first amendment protection in principle ; and as far as i can tell -- the court 's [ press release ] ( https://olg-frankfurt-justiz.hessen.de/irj/olg_frankfurt_am_main_internet?rid=hmdj_15/olg_frankfurt_am_main_internet/nav/d44/d4471596-ad85-e21d-0648-71e2389e4818,3ed60b46-2d1d-d551-d064-8712ae8bad54,,,11111111-2222-3333-4444-100000005004%26_ic_ucon_zentral=3ed60b46-2d1d-d551-d064-8712ae8bad54%26overview=true.htm ) is somewhat terse -- he had not been accused of participating in the capture or death of the victims ( possibly only because it could not be proven beyond a reasonable doubt ) , only of posing with their dead bodies . 
  the court seems to have convicted him for `` degrading treatment of a protected person '' under the german war crimes act ; i 'm actually wondering if this will hold up on appeal , given that it appears that the law does n't apply to dead people ( the list of `` protected persons '' in the statute is exhaustive ) . 
   why is n't thus discussed in the major news media ? 
  because , honestly , there 's a fair amount of hyperbole going on . 
  example :  `` regulators need to close this loophole by clarifying that the ` specialized services ' exception can not be used to create fast lanes for normal internet content , '' berners-lee , lessig , and van schewick wrote . 
  but the regulation itself requires this already :  providers of electronic communications to the public , including providers of internet access services , may offer or facilitate such services only if the network capacity is sufficient to provide them in addition to any internet access services provided . 
  such services ** shall not be usable or offered as a replacement for internet access services ** , and shall not be to the detriment of the availability or general quality of internet access services for end-users . 
  ( emphasis mine . ), 
  nothing in the proposed berec guidelines indicates -- as far as i can tell -- that they 're reading this differently . 
  this is not a loophole that needs to be closed ; it could only be created , because so far it does n't exist . 
  there may be a subtle point here that i 'm missing , but if so , it 's getting buried in the dramatization . 
  also , the regulation was passed last year by the parliament and council . 
  this is all about the berec guidelines , which are currently undergoing a public consultation process . 
  as far as i can tell , this is mostly about preventing lobbyism from weakening the guidelines during the consultation process ( by employing grassroots counter-lobbying tactics ) . 
  most of what they ask for is already in the regulation ; what is n't in there ca n't be put in without restarting the legislative process to amend the regulation . 
  the european council 's power to nominate the commission president is only a formality these days . 
  basically , the european parliament won a staring contest with the european council in 2004 , and ever since then has been the one to choose the commission president itself . 
  the lisbon treaty -- namely article 17 ( 7 ) teu -- further reinforced that , by formally requiring the european council to take ep elections into account ; this evolved into the `` spitzenkandidaten '' system in place today where each party nominates a `` lead candidate '' ; the lead candidate of the party that wins the election is then nominated for president of the european commission . 
  this means that after party `` primaries '' ( not strictly primaries in the us sense , but they fulfill the same function ) to select the lead candidates , the choice of commission president ultimately lies with the voters . 
  juncker was elected lead candidate of the epp at a pre-election party conference , and when the epp won the elections for the european parliament , juncker was accordingly nominated for the post of commission president and confirmed by the european parliament . 
   this guy should have been in jail for a couple months at least though . 
  why ? 
  it is well known that incarceration is primarily criminogenic , not educational , so modern criminal justice systems generally try to limit incarceration to those cases where it becomes necessary . 
  criminal behavior . 
  but not exactly lwop material , either . 
  yeah . 
  i particularly like all the complaints about `` soft judges '' , given that the court handed down exactly [ the sentences that the prosecution had asked for ] ( http://www.focus.de/politik/deutschland/koeln-prozess-wegen-sexueller-noetigung-in-silvesternacht_id_5706333.html ) . 
  and this is why my husband ( a british citizen ) and i ( with dual us-german citizenship ) have been living and working in the eu and not in the us for the past 11 years ( or at least that was one major reason ) . 
  there is a distinct difference between having to deal with essentially zero paperwork and having to go through a full-blown immigration process . 
  this is not going to hurt the top british universities , all of which will remain plenty attractive regardless , but most universities are n't oxford or cambridge , and now they have to be better than their continental competitors to attract the same talent . 
  they will still be able to attract talent , mind you -- it 's not that binary -- but it 's a strike against them whenever there is an `` all else being equal '' situation .
