  do you understand -- rationally , i mean -- that personal attacks mean little to me other than making me think less of you ( which you may or may not care about ) and that they wo n't buy you credit with anybody but people you 'd probably prefer not to be associated with ? 
   you assume a potential terrorist will play by the eu 's rules ? 
  no , i am assuming that terrorists will choose whatever works best for them . 
  an application for asylum means that they will have to pass interviews and have a harder time moving around than the other options they have for getting into and moving around the eu . 
   if you 're a person with bad intent , all you need to do is get in to the eu . 
  which requires a tourist visa , not a forged syrian passport . 
  there are in fact westerners fighting for ypg . 
  but as i understand it , their way of doing things is n't necessarily for everybody . 
  it 's really , really hard to be worse than daesh . 
  but that 's a pretty darn high bar ( hitler and stalin clear it , but not a whole lot of other people ) . 
  would you be willing to risk your life for a corrupt government only to then later be screwed over by this same government if you win ? 
  patriotism requires something [ worth fighting for ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/why_we_fight ) and a vision for the future of your country that 's more than `` not as horrible as daesh '' . 
  there is a bit of a shortage of governments you may * want * to fight for . 
  in syria , there 's assad , who is currently running for the title of `` most brutal dictator of the century '' with additional promising nominations in the categories of `` using barrel bombs on your own people '' and `` torturing and killing political opponents '' . 
  his determination for putting saddam hussein in second place should not be underestimated . 
  with hussein deposed , the iraq government can not quite compete on that level , but at least it ranked a promising 170/175 on the 2014 corruption perceptions index , outclassed only by south sudan , afghanistan , sudan , north korea , and somalia as more corrupt countries . 
  pretty much the only ( mostly ) good guys in the area are ypg and the peshmerga . 
  no , it grants you asylum * seeker * status . 
  you still need to actually get approved . 
  this typically involves testing your accent when there is doubt : i.e. , a conversation will be recorded and reviewed by native speakers and linguists . 
  while this approach has been criticized for being flawed by producing false negatives , this does not help our putative terrorists . 
  then , even if approved , a refugee may face having limited freedom of movement in the eu outside the country that took him or her in . 
  remember that all of the 9/11 hijackers entered the us using their regular passports and temporary visas ( mostly tourist visas ) . 
   age of consent is 14 in germany right ? 
  irrelevant for this case , but if you want to be precise , it can be anywhere between 14-16 , depending on the ability to exercise one 's right to sexual self-determination . 
  this was not at issue in this case because she obviously had the principal capability . 
   i 'm not a 31 yo trying to fuck a 15 yo girl . 
  nowhere did i imply that ; again , you 're making stuff up to make your argument sound better . 
  again . 
  what i pointed out was the power imbalance between the two parties involved and her factual helplessness ( which went to my actual point of the impossibly high standard for helplessness under german law ) . 
   if you want i can leave this conversation with you having the last replay . 
  well , since you keep avoiding all the points i actually raised ( most of them entirely unrelated to this case ) and narrowly focus on the verdict in this case , i guess leaving the conversation is the ultimate dodge when it comes to not engaging me on the merits ? 
  i 'm not doing this to `` win '' this debate or to have the last word . 
  nobody is reading this thread anymore . 
  what i 'm doing is repeatedly calling you out on your dodgy debating tactics so that the next time you try this you may realize that there 's an actual cost to trying this when facing somebody who 's not willing to let you get away with it . 
  a near identical concept is that of `` safe third countries '' and `` european safe third countries '' found in articles 38 and 39 of the [ asylum procedures directive ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex:32013l0032 ) which is binding for all eu member states ; while member states have some leeway in defining their own lists , they 're subject to the jurisdiction of the cjeu and the ecthr . 
  note that the european courts disallowed sending asylum seekers back to greece for similar reasons . 
  a more important practical concern is that you can not deport asylum seekers to turkey unless turkey agrees ; there is currently a readmission agreement between turkey and the eu , but if the eu were to send large numbers of refugees back to turkey , turkey could simply withdraw from that agreement . 
  deportation to a safe third country is not something that you can do unilaterally ; where the safe third country refuses to take in the asylum seeker , the eu member state is obliged under article 38 ( 4 ) or 39 ( 6 ) of the asylum procedures directive to handle the application itself . 
  quotas are likely to come ; not because of germany , but to provide relief for the countries on the forefront of the current crisis ( in particular greece and italy ) . 
  there 's presumably already a qualified majority in the council and a strong majority in the european parliament ; simply because it most likely is the best course of action in the short term . 
  this is something that many people do n't understand , i think . 
  the quota proposal is not about distributing refugees that are currently in germany . 
  in fact , under the most recent proposal , germany would take additional refugees directly from hungary , greece , and italy . 
  it 's about having every country in the eu dealing with an equitable share ( based on population on gdp ) rather than letting a few countries in the south continue to serve as a refugee umbrella . 
  whether germany considers turkey a safe country under its domestic laws for purposes of processing asylum requests is more or less irrelevant for the rest of the eu . 
  while you may personally wish to lower the standards , the german constitution does not permit this . 
    merkel sees chance to change germany 's image in the world  so this is ideological - and deliberate . 
  eh , this is pure editorialization and speculation . 
  this is not a sourced claim . 
   i 'm sorry , but turkey is safe enough . 
  turkey currently is not and can not be a safe country according to the definition of [ article 16a ( 2 ) of the german constitution ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_gg/englisch_gg.html#p0088 ) , because the application of the convention relating to the status of refugees and of the convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms is not assured , since turkey is overwhelmed by refugees . 
   and i think suspending dublin iii for syrians was a big mistake . 
  it 's not like there was a choice . 
  the courts had started blocking dublin procedures . 
  this was done primarily to prevent the courts from being swamped . 
   how can you argue that someone should be sentenced because of the provided evidence in this case and why would you go so far and change the law to convict him because of this specific case ? 
  first , you keep missing the point . 
  i cited this example as a case of how the legal definition of helplessness is a nearly impossible to reach standard ( see also the white paper i cited for additional examples ) . 
  you keep ignoring this and focus on whether the verdict is justified . 
  second , it obviously is n't rape under german law . 
  this is part of my point , but that 's because of how broken german law is and how hard it is to establish the elements of the crime ( again , read the paper i linked ) . 
  in other jurisdictions , if the victim is under the control of the perpetrator , the victim says no , and the perpetrator presses on regardless , you have a textbook case for lack of consent and no reasonable belief on the perpetrator 's side that there was consent . 
  consent requires voluntary choice and in a lopsided power relationship where the weaker side has already declined , there is no free choice . 
  and no , this is n't something to trap innocent men : all a guy needs to learn is that `` no means no '' . 
   i 'm not reading things into anything and i 'm not interpreting anything at all . 
  oh yes , you are . 
  you were providing an entirely editorialized conversation ( he : would you sleep with me ? 
  she : no . 
  he : come on . ), 
  of which there is no evidence in the record just to make a creepy situation ( 31-year old guy on drugs with violent tendencies cornering a minor and demanding sex ) sound normal . 
  you claimed that she said that she did n't feel intimidated and only mildly uncomfortable when there was no testimony to this effect . 
  whenever i point out that you make stuff up , giving you chapter and verse , you then ignore that and at most issue a vague denial . 
   where do you read about any intimidation ? 
  she admitted there were no threats made by him . 
  i repeat that intimidation does not require verbal threats . 
  especially if you are a 15-year old girl who has just been ordered by a 31-year old semi-stranger to undress and who does n't take `` no '' for an answer . 
  i 'm surprised that you do n't seem to even see the least bit wrong with that kind of behavior . 
  do you really think it is normal for a 15-year old to consent to sex in such a situation ? 
   she did not feel intimidated by the way . 
  she felt mildly uncomfortable . 
  read her statement . 
  i did , and nowhere did she say that she did n't feel intimidated or feeling mildly uncomfortable . 
  to the contrary , she perceived it as a violation ( \u00dcbergriff , para . 
  49 ) and required treatment afterwards ( para . 
   imho it is a joke to use this irrational story to criticise the law . 
  first , you are again ignoring my point that i had cited this case because of the courts definition of helplessness , which is unrelated to the verdict . 
  you keep sidetracking the discussion into unrelated aspects and completely ignore everything else i 've written , which seems to indicate that you do n't have anything substantive to say about my actual points . 
  for the rest , you seem to be reading things into the case that are n't even there . 
  umm , the article does n't actually say that ? 
   they shall `` refuse entry to individuals who want to enter illegally and do not request asylum , '' according to the order . 
   according to statements made by police officers , this almost never happens in practice . 
   `` all claim to be syrians , '' says a federal police officer stationed in bavaria , `` even if they are obviously black people from africa . '', 
  so , there is an anecdotal observation that even africans pretend to be syrians , but nothing whatsoever is said about them being refused entry , let alone even an implication of something like that happening because of racial profiling . 
  this is not to say that it does n't happen , but your source does n't back up the claim . 
  first , the wikipedia text you refer to is not part of the actual convention and has zero legal effect . 
  second , i was referring to how various countries actually interpret article 31 ( which can vary greatly from being very narrow to very lenient ) ; you may personally disagree as much as you want , but that 's the way it is . 
   you cite the case as proof that the law is not fair . 
  nope , i cited it for a specific aspect ( how the court ruled on the issue of `` being at the mercy at the offender '' ) . 
  you then decided to unroll the entire judgement and addressed everything except the points i made .
