  but if a trans woman has a male morphology then it 's okay , not a broken body , no dysphoria here . 
  meaning only cis people can experience dysphoria . 
  do you understand my train of thought ? 
  would you say that this : http://vocaroo.com/i/s1mw8hij7bax is a transvoice ? 
  i am convinced that i have one but people around me tell me that i do not . 
  i always loved the comparaison between being trans and being a poor person identifying as rich , `` i am poor but i identify as rich therefore you should treat me as if i am wealthy '' . 
  as if trans people just `` identify '' as their gender and do n't undergo massive changes with transition . 
  if you think about it the comparaison is more like a poor person making a lot of money through hard work/luck and becoming wealthy ... 
  is abortion right a distraction from what 's really going on ? 
  are gay rights a distraction from what 's really going on ? 
  are criticisms of rape culture a distraction from what 's really going on ? 
  are `` equal pay for equal work '' campaigns a distraction from what 's really going on ? 
  is feminism a distraction from what 's really going on ? 
  we all know that females are missing the humor gene . 
  they never laught at a good rape joke !, 
  it 's even worst then that . 
  if your goal is to criticize gender role your priority should not be trans people ( .3 % of the population ) , who are usualy fearly critical of patriarcal ideas as we have been harmed by them , when there is this huge chunk of the population ( cis het ) who by and large embrace gender role . 
  that 's terf 101 for you :, 
  start from the conclusion that trans people are spawns of hell . 
  find whatever bullshit argument that reinforce the conclusion if you do n't think too hard about it . 
  scream misogyny/homophobia / `` muh freeze peach '' when people call you a biggot, 
  this is a fucking joke . 
  they do n't even give a shit about genitals . 
  even if you get srs you are still scum to them . 
  oh yes , the classic `` a neovagina is still a penis just inside out hurr durr '' . 
  i think you are being a little bit too paranoid . 
  i do n't know the situation in austria but in my country ( france ) , trans rights in not on anyone 's mind . 
  the fn does n't care about any of that , they are too focused on immigration and the eu . 
  even if marine le pen was elected president ( lol ) and secured a majority in parlement ( haha ) they would n't change anything . 
  sure things would n't improve but they would n't get worse . 
  and the people who believe that lgbt are second class humans and women belong in the kitchen wo n't get anywhere near a position of power . 
  anyway if you are so scared , you can alway move , go to germany , you have the citizenship , or an other eu country , or go study in canada i do n't know . 
  and post transition , trans rights are not really an issue anyway . 
  you are 17 , not married with a mortgage and kids . 
  and , has you said , this problem with the far right taking over is not in the present , it 's maybe , maybe ( in reality , never ) , in the future . 
  when you are done with highschool , just enroll in an university in the country you want to go to and voil\u00e0 , problem solved . 
   especially since everything i 've done towards transitioning would be useless because every country thinks they need to do it completely differently ... 
  in france we have ic , i do n't know how it works in other country . 
  their is also diy . 
  you can get a one way train ticket from vienna to munich , berlin , paris or any big city in western europe for ~ ~ 50 $ . 
  higher education in europe is free ( or extremely low cost ) . 
  as you have german citizenship you can study and work without a visa anywhere in europe . 
  there exists scholarship and subsidized housing for students ( at least in france , i do n't know how it works everywhere ) . 
  to give you an idea , i get 500 $ a month from my need based scholarship ( purely need based , not based on academic merit ) and i pay 200 $ for my subsidized appartment in paris . 
  i could probably get a part time job , but i do n't need to . 
  honestly speaking , you have citizenship in an western eu country in 2016 , there is so much opportunity for you to be able to transition , you really should n't worry . 
  well , you are not a foreigner in germany . 
  germany and/or austria may also have scholarships to study abroad . 
  also as an eu country 's citizen you are not considered a `` random foreigner '' in a country who is a member of the eu . 
  you really should look into it and stop making excuses . 
  look up germany/austria minisitry of higher education 's website or an university 's website . 
  i do n't speak german , so i ca n't possibly help you , however i got this off of wikipedia :, 
   most of the german universities are public institutions , funded by the l\u00e4nder governments , and students have traditionally undertaken study without fee payment . 
  in 2005 the public universities introduced tuition fees of around $ 60 per semester ( and up to $ 500 in the state of niedersachsen ) for each student for a trial period ; [ 50 ] [ 61 ] however , the german public was not amenable to the experiment and the temporary fee-based system was mostly abolished , with two remaining universities to cease the fee requirement by the end of 2014 . 
   there are no university-sponsored scholarships in germany , but a number of private and public institutions award scholarships -- usually to cover living costs and books . 
  [ citation needed ] moreover , there is a law ( baf\u00f6g or bundesausbildungsf\u00f6rderungsgesetz ) that ensures that people who face financial difficulties can receive up to $ 650 per month for four to five years if they or their parents can not afford all of the costs involved with studying . 
  part ( typically half ) of this money is an interest-free loan that is later repaid . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  pretty funny , coming from you . 
  in the mind of a terf , trans lesbians are straight men who indulge in the corrective rape of real lesbians , so it 's still coherent with their overall worldview of trans = anti-gay ( and it 's still rape even if the cis lesbian consent , she just does n't know any better , the poor feeeemale ) . 
  do you have a source for the figure ? 
  i am interested in knowing more . 
   that ` female ' means ` of , relating to , or designating the sex producing ova ' ;, 
  til that sterile women are male and are therefore excluded from female only spaces and the lesbian label ( as it only apply to ova producing people who love ova producing people ) . 
  so be careful cis women , when you turn 45 you become male , so better be prepared for that . 
  thank you for responding . 
  my lawyer says that it needs to go into great details about every procedures and the methods used . 
  if you are comfortable with it , could you please send me a copy of your certicate ( with the names and dates redacted of course ) by pm , it would really help to put my mind at ease . 
   edit : ca n't reply because i 'm banned . 
  i will try to scan it for you , post it here if you want . 
  i do n't care about this sub anymore, 
  i am sorry to see you banned . 
  thank you , it would be much appreciated  . 
  judging by your flair i see that you are speaking from experience , 
  i agree with you that 's it not a lie . 
  however it might be preferable to be with a partner with whom you can share what may be an important part of who you are/your personality . 
  not everyone 's experience is the same . 
  i do n't think that the meme of `` going from one closet into another '' is true for everyone , at least it 's not true for me . 
  i will be having srs with dr suporn soon and from what i understand both suporn and chett have pretty similar technique . 
  regarding the labia minora ending above the vaginal opening , this is because during the initial srs the posterior commissure of the labia minora is not created , as it would not be able to wishtand the dilation schedule . 
  but it can be fixed with a revision at 1 year post op . 
  i will be going in less than a week ( so scared ) , maybe we will bump into each other haha , 
  / r/transgendercirclejerk is leaking again . 
  90 % + of reddit are, 
   low wage service jobs ( call center , retail , etc ) or is a computer programmer . 
  sex workers because trans women satisfy a very specific fetish . 
  it 's obvious that trans women populate every profession that you can think of . 
  two of the most cited ( including here ) srs surgeons are trans women ( mcginn and bower ) , as an exemple . 
  edit : also the reason there are so much trans women in computer science is because we usually are loner in our childhood and teenage year so we instead spend our time on lonely activities ( which often involve the use of a computer ) . 
  we do n't succed as computer programmer because the tech industry is soooo progressive and it 's the only beacon of hope for a trans woman to be accepted . 
  i will be leaving the week after , yep i am staying the full 30 days . 
   mind if i ask what you 've packed besides clothes ? 
  like any extra stuff ? 
  i am not super good with travelling or planning so ... 
  anyway , a laptop , books , hormones ( you are supposed to resume them two weeks post op and the clinic do not supplie them ) , my phone , srs letter , passport , that 's about it . 
  it seems that you can find a lot of what you might need locally and at a cheaper price . 
  if you have n't you should read that https://www.the-ress.net/files/srs-with-dr-suporn-2015.pdf it 's very detailed and can quite useful for planning or calming your nerves ( if you are easily stressed out like me ) . 
   wait so you 'll be leaving the week of the 15th or the week of the 8th ? 
  if you 're not leaving until the week of the 15th i 'd love to meet up for a bit !, 
  i will be leaving early morning of the 16th to be precise ,
