  please do share , 
  why should genetic trump over everything else ? 
  you say that a female with ais ( xy chromosomes ) is male even though she looks like a female , identify as a female , is recognized as female , is legaly a female , has a vagina , breasts , sex hormones in the normal female range . 
  why should genetics be what determine whether someone is male or female and not let 's say , your sex organs , your hormones , what you identify as , what you are legaly recognized as , how you look like etc ? 
  skinny/slim jeans , plain tshirt , hoodie , converse , long hair in a high pony tail . 
  also take hrt and take good care of your skin/hair . 
  or the hassles of dealing with pregnancy and maternity leave if you hire a woman  . 
  much radical , such feminism , wow . 
  i thought we were toilet goblins , i am confused ... 
  i do n't know why but it 's looking more and more like anti-gay rhetoric to me : `` be careful of the transes ( gays ) they want to transe ( convert ) your children '', 
  soon i will start to believe they are just bigots and not `` gender critical feminist ^ tm '' . 
   accommodating a small portion of society should not come at the detriment to the rest of society . 
  the right of black people to not be slave should not come at the detriment to the rest of society having cheap cotton . 
  the right of gay people to hold hands and get married should not come at the detriment to the rest of society having to witness such degeneracy . 
  post transition trans women are biological females ... 
  geneticaly speaking a trans woman is male , but from my understanding ( i am no biologist ) , biological sex is composed of chromosomal sex , gonadal sex , morphological sex and phenotypic sex and of those 4 a typical post transition trans woman is female for 2 and male for 1 . 
  so a post transition trans woman is biologicaly female . 
  the reason why chromosomes is viewed as the key indicator of biological sex is , imo , because in the vast majority of cases (  99 % ) chromosomes govern the rest , but not with transition . 
   why there would be two categories essentially for the same thing ( gonadal and phenotypic sex ) , i 'm not sure . 
  gonadal = testes/ovaries, 
  morphological = penis/vagina, 
  phenotypic = fat distribution/breast tissues etc ( endocrine system basicaly ) . 
   plus , if i 'm not mistaken , sometimes gamete production is preserved through srs . 
  producing sperm and being capable of reproduction after a bilateral orchiectomy , where did you hear that ? 
   in any case , i think it 's fine to break biological sex into two main categories : genotypic and phenotypic sex . 
  the former is essentially static while the latter is malleable . 
  why ? 
  that 's just a justification to delegitimize trans people . 
  i do n't think that you are consciously trying to delegitimize trans people . 
  however this focus on genetic is an ad hoc argument to do so . 
  sex chromosomes ( beside the universal x that everyone has ) serve very little purpose after birth ( nowhere near the level of your endocrine system for exemple ) . 
  the reason why it is mentioned again and again in this kind of discussion is because it 's something that we can not change with transition ( even thought we can change nearly everything that matter ) . 
  if we could change it then transphobes would move the goalpost to reproduction being the most important indicator of biological sex , if we could change that then it would be early life socialization , and on , and on ... 
  it really pains me that this meme ( trans people may identify as the gender they want but they are trully , biologicaly , the gender they were assigned as ) is so widespread as to appear in a trans focused forum . 
  black people should not be allowed to compete with white folks . 
  in fact they should n't be allowed in white spaces at all ... wait a minute . 
  it seems to me that she is putting the sins of a single member of the trans community on the entire `` community '' itself , which imo is a form a transphobia . 
  the way the comment is structured give me that impression , for exemple :, 
   and there 's a lot of things [ in the trans community ] that are redundant and self-serving . 
  i think people like caitlyn jenner are self-serving . 
  the way the two phrases are right after one another and use the same wording makes it look like she is saying : jenner is self-serving = a lot of things in the trans community are self serving . 
  and as to why this is transphobia is obvious . 
  nether i , nor any other trans person is responsible for what jenner does . 
  if you were to say that there is a lot of greed and treachery in the jewish community and were to cite bernie madoff , people would have a problem with that . 
  when you break biological sex into genetic/phenotype you are kind of embarassed when you deal with non intersex trans women and cais cis women ( who are both genetic male/phenotypical female ) but do n't have a female reproductive system . 
  the reason why i break it into 4 categories , is because this are the 4 main differences between the biological sexes . 
   but that seems false by default , as do n't sex chromosomes determine in part the nature of our endocrine systems ? 
  yes , some aspects of the endocrine system are affected by hormone therapy and changed through surgery , but does it not remain largely intact ? 
  after srs a trans woman produce testosterone in the normal female range . 
  sex hormones are mainly produced by the gonads , not by chromosomes . 
  now the reason why i responded to you in the first place is because you were saying that trans women are biological males and not biological females , which is obviously false . 
  i am happy that it seems that you changed your mind on this matter . 
  my main point is this , i am not a biologist , in fact no one is in this discussion is ( i am not talking about just you and me , but about how the general public should view and treat trans people ) . 
  no one ( except geneticists doing research on sex chromosomes ) uses chromosomes to determine someone 's sex , no one has done a caryotype and no one runs around saying that cais cis female are `` biological '' male and should belong in the male restroom . 
  i just want people to stop constantly saying that trans women are biological male because of `` muhh chromosomes , it 's in my junior high biology text book '' . 
  sadly , i am not interested in an in dept discussion of human biology , and i am nowhere near qualified anyway . 
   where 's the problem ? 
  you remove reproduction from the concept of biological sexes . 
   that 's not what i said . 
  also , it 's important to note that the endocrine system does not refer only to the gonads . 
   yes , some aspects of the endocrine system are affected by hormone therapy and changed through surgery , but does it not remain largely intact ? 
  the sex hormones ' ( which are the only hormones relevant to this discussion ) production does not `` remain largely intact '' throught the removal of the gonads , trans women ( post srs ) do not produce sex hormones like a biological male and with hrt we have the hormonal production of a cis woman . 
   i had confused `` biological sex '' with `` genetic/chromosomal sex '' when i wrote that . 
  most people do not make that distinction , and that 's what i take an issue with . 
  anyway , we seem to be in agreement . 
  trans women are biologicaly female except regarding chromosomes ( in which they are male ) and reproduction ( where they are neither ) . 
  therefore we should be treated as female by society and people should stop trying to find bullshit excuse to not do so . 
   reproduction is a component/byproduct of phenotypic sex . 
  what 's the issue , exactly ? 
  trans women and cais cis women are phenotypical females but ca n't reproduce as female . 
   you referenced the endocrine system , which does not relate solely to the gonads - even in the context of biological differences between the sexes . 
  i am really curious , where do you get that ? 
  my endocrinologist told me that post srs i would not be producing testosterone in sufficient quantity to need an antiandrogen , so obviously gonads are a major component (   90 % ) of it . 
   there are a variety of developmental problems , genetic issues , diseases or injuries which can obstruct reproduction . 
  and surgery , of course . 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  we have to agree to disagree then , i am not an expert and it 's arbitrary as you said . 
   it 's 100 % of it , but the endocrine system covers more than just the gonads . 
  this graphic displays the major endocrine glands , although i would refer to the full wikipedia page for a more complete description . 
  oh okay , yeah i agree with you , the endocrine system is not just the gonads , but i was only talking about the production of sex hormones . 
   why are transwomen and trans girls playing sports that were originally for men or are still dominated by men ? ... should n't they be doing dance or croquet ? 
  is n't it strange ? 
  i mean , does this mean that they are really men !?!? 
  so doing a traditionally male activity makes you male ? 
  gender . 
  critical . 
  oh my god i ca n't even . 
  why do women who had to have their breasts removed due to breast cancer want to have breast implant ? 
  if you start thinking of trans women as women then the answer becomes obvious . 
  trans women want to take hrt/have srs/ffs/ba because they want to have a female morphology because they are women and women have a female morphology . 
  people who say this sorts of thing are rarely trans themselves but pretend to be as some sort of fashion statement . 
  if they actualy experienced dysphoria they would understand how stupid they are . 
   the funny ( sad ) thing is , the ease with which they 're able to be told to shut up is proof of their female socialization . 
  so acording to terfs i , a trans woman , have female socialization ( i hate confrontation ) . 
  given that `` female socialization '' is their only argument as to why trans women should be excluded from female only spaces and the female class , i guess it 's over . . ? 
  i am accepted by terf as a sister or something . . ? 
  oh they believe in dysphoria , just that only cis people can experience it  . 
   and i 'm just sad that they 've been duped into thinking they really can escape it 100 % forever , at the cost of their bodies . 
  trans men take testosterone , giving them a male morphology , they also have surgery to remove their breasts ( if they had them ) . 
  for the poster of the quote this is `` ruining your body '' because you see , for a cis female ( the poster ) having a male morphology is having a broken body , so they would experience dysphoria from it .
