   that statement is definitely an exaggeration . 
  much more diverse if one makes up for the population difference yes , but than the entirety ? 
  doubt it , even the us is diverse , as homogenous as it may be . 
  no no , really , and thats pretty much the case for a lot of major european countries , france has literaly over a dozen different cultures and languages ( and i am not talking about immigrants here ) within its borders . 
  just like the lord owned the peasants during the middle ages now the boss owns the workers , how far have we progressed , 
  how can somebody be this self-righteous ? 
  `` i started ( whatever bullshit company 's name ) by getting someone ( read : one of rich daddy 's friend ) to give me 80000 $ and i built it . 
  and not everybody has my business talent to build billion dollar company '', 
  this is `` a small loan of a million dollar '' all over again . 
  `` its so simple man , just ask your rich parents to give you a loan and some of your parents ' business partners for help so you can start your own business lol . 
  i ca n't even understand why people choose to stay poor . 
  just google shit man . '', 
  `` how dare people want to enjoy their life . 
  people should be always , 24 hours a day 7 days a week , making themselves more valuable on the market place . 
  you do n't have a life or agency , you are just a product for employers to exploit . 
  you all just need to have your life destroyed so that you finaly learn . 
  suffer a medical condition due to working that profession . 
  instead of having medical expense as well as indemnity paid by employer and mesures taken to prevent this from happening again has to hide medical condition to not get fired . 
  capitalism is a great and ethical system  . 
   without their plantation slave jobs they would have had to remain a part of their original communities in africa and retained autonomy and dignity . 
  but then they would n't have had the opportunity to live in the greatest country in the world !, 
  its becoming scary how life is looking more and more like a dystopic science fiction movie . 
  of course it 's a thing : https://www.savaperovic.com/sex-change-reversal.htm, 
  til the working class is just a bunch of litteral scum . 
  sources : one second hand anecdotal evidence . 
  seriously , how come something like this get upvoted ? 
  the question was mostly rhetorical . 
  i think i know why a mostly middle class community has nothing but disdain for the working class , but it never fails to amaze me when i see it expressed in such a straightforward manner . 
   factories are often filled with people who could not get hired in the service area . 
  yeah , the working class , but fuck them right  . 
  i didnt make any assumption about you , i know that sadly the poor have very little class consciousness , i just made a comment about the average r/asktransgender member ( that upvoted your comment ) . 
   fuck no , never seen a factory with decent people in it , ever . 
  this is like someone saying that he never saw a black person that was law abiding therefore all black people are `` assholes '' and `` fucktards '' . 
  did you ever work in a factory during that long life of 20 years or are you just saying that based on stereotypes ? 
  i do n't understand what could make you think that . 
  i think louis c.k. 
  had a joke about this , its still perfectly acceptable , even in the eyes of so called progressives , to treat the working poor as subhuman pieces of trash . 
  such hate would make even the most ardent racist blush . 
  - treats an oppressed group like garbage , calling them `` assholes '' and `` fucktards '' . 
  - whines about being treated with condescension . 
  my age is irrelevent because contrary to you i do n't make huge fucking generalization based on no experience whatsoever . 
  sorry for asking whether or not you had any actual contact with a specific group before you labelled them all as less than human scum . 
  ok , it happens and . . ? 
  to make an analogy , sometime a black person commits a crime , does that mean that the conclusion is that all black people are nothing but scums and criminals ? 
   lol, 
  replace `` people in blue collar fields '' with `` blacks '' or `` jews '' and reread what you wrote . 
  perfect demonstration of what i was saying , poor people are still one of the only group that you can treat like absolute fucking garbage and get away with it in pleasant society . 
  blue collar workers are clearly not middle class . 
  i am not saying that you are racist or antisemite i am just drawing a parallele between racism and antisemitism and the absolute hatred of the working class that is displayed in this thread and sadly in real life . 
  also you having 10 years of experience working in blue collar job has the same relevance as someone saying `` i lived in a black neightborhood for 10 years therefore blacks are scums '' . 
  the personnal experiences of one individual in one state can not justify such bigotry on such a broad and oppressed group . 
   good luck with your future and i hope you never see or experience the harassment of others that i 've witnessed ( and tried to stop ) and actions that some of these people have bragged about . 
  thank you , 
  2.3 millions on a doomsday bunker ( who has only 2.5 years of autonomy btw so pretty useless to actually survive most doomsday scenario ) , meanwhile millions of kids die of starvation and easily treated disease and 63 % of even americans are a 500 $ financial emergency away from homelessness . 
  efficiency !!, 
  of the top of my head :, 
  - wide open maps advantage protoss in pvt ( very hard to push with mech , easy to flank ) . 
  - sort rush distances advantage terran in tvz ( zerg need to be able to have the time to build sunken to react to a terran marine push ) . 
  sort air distance would advantage the zerg for the same reason but with mutalisk and turrets . 
  no video game can compete with go or chess in term of strategic depth , if what you want is strategy and nothing else go play those games no fancy computer needed . 
  the whole points of rts is that they allow for mechanical skill to shine . 
   there 's no support for not letting the kid transition . 
  why were you more honest to a stranger than to your friends , honest question ? 
  maybe thats one of the reason why they didnt take it so well ? 
  this is completely missing my point . 
  i am stealth so i understand that you do n't have a responsability to share this part of your life with other people and that not telling is not deceptive . 
  however what i am saying is why would you go around telling strangers that you are trans when you do n't even tell your friends ? 
  how would you feel if a close friend did n't share a deep secret with you but had no problem telling it to a complete stranger who also happened to be an asshole ? 
  mainly that statement is completely opposed to reality . 
  90 % + of the population is opposed to transition ( especially in children ) . 
   `` if her penis is bigger how you call yourself a man ? '', 
  what a time to live in , 
   all of it is aimed at erasing the knowledge that economically successful individuals are human beings and that exploiting other human beings is wrong . 
   exploiting other human beings is wrong, 
  that the reason why we do n't like the rich ... 
  tu as raison , ca c ' \u00e9tait lamentable de leur part . 
  ( https://blogs.mediapart.fr/maxime-combes/blog/280417/face-au-peril-fn-lirresponsable-monsieur-macron-fabrique-de-labstention ) . 
  well then its good that we figured a way to protect children from cruel death then . 
  sadly capitalism is stopping us from implementing some of those solutions . 
  antifa may be violents and sometime go too far but they do not want to gain control of the state or impose anything on anyone . 
  they are pretty much a self defense reaction movement against far right groups and have very little in common with fascism . 
  from what we can tell from history i would say that stopping far right movements from taking over is not `` beating people for having the wrong idea '' , its just self-defense . 
  antifa dont want to rule others ' lives . 
   for instance , historically speaking the communists killed more people than anyone else ( including all religious wars combined ) . 
  hmmm , no ... 
  when communist get into power we get social progress ( such as paid vacation leave , better education , shorter work week , advancement in worker 's rights ) ( source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/popular_front_ ( france ) #labor _ laws ) and we still keep a functioning parliamentary democracy , fascist not so much . 
  also , i dont believe in absolute freedom of speech so i do n't actually care if fascist do n't have the right to spread their dangerous ideas , sorry :( . 
   too bad about the soviets killing tens of millions , then , huh ? 
  do you have a credible source for that ? 
  the soviet union was not a nice country to live in but it wasnt a genocidal regime ( even under staline who was not representative of the rest of soviet history ) . 
   even though you 're talking about socialism tempered by capitlaism . 
  the `` partie communiste fran\u00e7ais '' was communist sorry , same with the sfio , they were actual marxist parties . 
  and they brought social progress not death and despair . 
   but , hey , i guess that my speech should n't be allowed because it disagrees with yours . 
  such free speech . 
  not believing in absolute freedom of speech ! = not believing in free speech . 
  where did i implied that what you are saying should be banned because you disagree with me ? 
  can you only see in black and white ? 
   http://reason.com/blog/2013/03/13/communism-killed-94m-in-20th-century, 
  i said i wanted credible sources not a chart saying `` communism : 98 m '' and an article commenting `` comunizm evul '' .
