   well , saturday-monday my gf and i are trying to find things to do , so maybe we could meetup for food or something if you 're interested . 
  yeah why not , i am terribly shy however . 
   hope you have a quick , easy , and uneventful flight over and the surgery gives you everything you want out of it !, 
  thank you , 
  suporn is not american however . 
  the most well known us surgeons for mtf srs are [ mcginn ] ( http://www.drchristinemcginn.com/ ) , [ bowers ] ( http://marcibowers.com/ ) and [ meltzer ] ( http://www.tmeltzer.com/ ) , there may be others that are just as good however . 
   also , i 've always had the perception that american srs surgeons are so-so compared to other nations . 
  is that true ? 
  i am not a doctor or a surgeon so take what i say with a grain of salt but i do n't think that 's the case . 
  some may prefer the technique used by suporn or chettawut over the one traditionally used in the west . 
  however there is no reason to believe that american surgeons are any worst that the ones from canada or europe let 's say . 
  evolutionary psychology does n't seem very rigorous to me . 
  the way i see it , it 's basically making up plausible stories ( that convenently fit with the political prejudice of the person making it up ) to explain real world phenomenas without ever providing any evidences . 
  olympic gold medal in mental gymnastics . 
  `` i treat you like shit not because you are ugly and you disgust me but because you derserve it , you terrible person '', 
   so you deny that men love big boobs because they are a sign of high female hormones ( and along with some needed fat ) and fertility ? 
  do you have any evidence for this claim , that men love big boobs because they are a sign of fertility ? 
  btw , not all men love big breasts ( certainly not the gay ones ) . 
   yes . 
  some men even have an amputees disfigured flabby skin fetish . 
  some want to have sexy with antropomorphized dragons . 
  til prefering small breasts is a very rare fetish lol . 
   do you have any evidence for this claim , that men love big boobs because they are a sign of fertility ? 
  no evidence at all then ? 
  you see , that 's the issue with evo psych . 
  you just claim something , you invent a plausible story , but you have zero evidence to back this up . 
  that 's just not real science . 
   http://www.medicaldaily.com/male-researchers-reveal-real-reason-why-men-love-breasts-242754, 
  does n't give any proof that men like big breasts for evolutionary purposes , just hypothesis . 
  it does n't even give any evidence that men are biologicaly attracted to breasts ( seriously , citing the existence of hooters as proof , seriously . . ? ) . 
   http://www.primermagazine.com/2009/learn/the-science-of-sexy-how-evolution-drives-our-lust, 
  once again , just hypothesis . 
  it 's actually pretty funny because it reinforce the idea that liking large breasts is a social construct, 
   we all know what function breasts serve in child rearing , but the efficacy of breast milk production has little to no correlation with size . 
   http://www.medicaldaily.com/double-trouble-how-your-breast-size-speaks-volumes-about-you-313692, 
  just correlations . 
  the article also ironically suggest why it may be counter productive from a evolutionary standpoint to like big breasts :, 
   they can lead to the inability to be physically active and may lead to chronic pain in the neck , shoulders , and back from the breast weight strain . 
  you can use evo psych to say anything , for exemple :, 
  - men biologically are attracted to fat women because it 's a sign a fertility and wealth , a fat woman will be able to give birth to healthy children who will have plenty of food to eat . 
  - men biologically are attracted to small breasts because big breasts get in the way of a hunter-gatherer therefore a large chested woman will not be able to adequately care for her offspring . 
  look mom i can make story up too , i am a real evolutionary psychologist . 
   7 billions people alie now despite famines , colera , no surgery for 99 % of history , wars , natural predators and no body weapons is enough evidence for claiming that we have dead-on fertility targeting sexual instincts . 
  seriously ? 
  we do n't have dead-on anything dude . 
  explain the existence of this shit https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appendix_ ( anatomy ) . 
   it 's quite funny how people will accept birds genetical sexual preferences but not humans ' . 
  because bird are not social animals and they do not have a highly developed culture that influence them on a daily basis from the day they are born until they die . 
  the thing with evolutionary psychology is that we ca n't really test their hypothesis and we have basically no idea in what environment human have evolved , it just does n't seem all that rigorous to me . 
  when we see all the things that psychology got wrong over the year , you ca n't really blame me if i take evo psych ( a less rigorous subfield of psychology ) with a healthy dose of scepticism . 
  small breasted women can have baby you know ? 
  maybe it 's better to only have 2/3 kids that you can feed over 10 that just starve to death do n't you think ? 
  maybe if we could actually test the hypothesis ( you know , like what actual scientists do ) we could find out ? 
  you just do n't get it . 
  they 're no proof of anything , it 's just speculation . 
  you got your story , i got mine , maybe yours is true , maybe mine , maybe an other . 
  we ca n't fucking know , that 's the point . 
  i just wanted to say that i find this post very sweet  , you all sound like a bunch of pretty nice persons . 
  thanks  . 
  i came in well prepared and the clinic takes realy good care you . 
  so the only things i can think off is heavy cloches pour the planes , and a relatives to take care of you . 
  edit : ask for a softer bed a the hospital, 
  haha , i imagine things and my langage is a mix of english and french ( my mother thongue ) , 
  obviously , i am not a doctor blabla . 
  here are the main diff\u00e9rences :, 
  * most doctor use penil skin for the vaginal canal , suporn use scrotal skin . 
  so more tissue for esthetique with suporn technique , also you can get adequate depth even with a micro penis . 
  * suporn uses everything , so you get a `` chomburi sensate organ '' ( pleasure center ) near the urethra . 
  * for life guarantee , so you can come back free of charge ( except transport/accomodation ) for revisions ( adding the fourchette for exemple ), 
  * 15-20 years of experiences ( at around 200 srs a year ), 
  * thus far the aftercare have been wonderful . 
  from the moment they collect you from the airport you can turn your brain off and everything will go fine . 
   congratulations with your new , , uhh , body part :p, 
  thank you  , it 's still all wrapped up so i ca n't see it yet but i hope it 's pretty  . 
   what made you go with suporn over other thai surgeons that use a similar method ? 
  the only other thai surgeon that use a similar method is dr chettawut , and suporn has better aftercare , lifetime guarantee ( dealbreaker if you want a cis passing vagina ) , and better reviews ( one of chett 's patient had a recto-vaginal fistula recently , ouch ... ), 
   also ; what has been the most notable thing that happened during the trip so far ? 
  i would have to say the enema , it 's really not a pleasant experience :( . 
  the way the surgery happened so fast has to be a close second however , the anesthesiologist told me `` i put you to sleep now '' and the next second i was in my room wondering when will the operation start , i still have n't quite realised it already happend  . 
  right now i would say its a 1 or 2 , no morphine , no fever , no pain , juste inconvenience , i know , its crazy  . 
  juste after the surgery , i would say a 3 or 4 ( but i had some issue with the catheter ), 
  50/50 chance of recovery , and i hope everything went fine for the lady . 
  i dont doubt that chett is a great doctor and it was an anomaly . 
  however this the kind of story that scares the shit out of me :(, 
  well they might have a point . 
  i just recently turned my penis into a vagina and i fell much weeker . 
   female hormones made me stupid !, 
  from failing high school to being at the top of my class at a pretty good university , i am going to say that that claim is bullshit, 
  imo suporn 's psychiatrist is here to :, 
  make sure that you are not a complete nut job ( like he asks you to draw a house then ask you what you just draw ( a house ) ) . 
  2 . maybe . . ? 
  help you with psy/emotional suppport ( asked if my mom supported me etc. . . ), 
  he really is n't here to gatekeep anything , i found him rather nice actually, 
  trans women who accept blanchard 's dichotomoty are so weird to me . 
  do n't they realize that blanchard did n't just question the validity of all non-heteronormative trans women ( agp ) but also of the heteronormative ones ( hsts ) , for him we are all male perverts . 
  are they masochists or what ? 
  this . 
  confidence is a code word for pretty . 
  welcome to my world . 
  i have been full time for 3 years or so .
