  posted it so it does n't get auto-deleted, 
   seriously i think if there 's any rules for this sub , just no `` pre-hrt only '' posts . 
  kind of ridiculous . 
  so you would disagree that a post like this would be appropriate :, 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/transtimelines/comments/1ugg93/mtf_17_yo_no_hormones_yet/ ? 
  she deleted her account and was a frequent poster here anyway . 
  if people do n't gender you female in person you should probably work on your voice/mannerisms , because based on this pictures alone there is absolutely no way you do n't pass . 
  all i see is a young queer woman . 
  either you have a very masculine body ( maybe you could post a full body shot ? ), 
  or your voice/mannerism suck . 
  i know that sucks to hear but maybe you should try to be more gender conforming ? 
  * wait for hrt to do it 's thing ( 3 months is still super early ), 
  * work on voice/mannerisms, 
  * lose weight, 
  * take care of your skin, 
  * practice makeup, 
  * get a female wardrobe, 
  imo your face is quite feminine ( there are no profile pic in the album however ) , so unless you have a very masculine body , what is causing you not to pass are probably your voice and mannerisms . 
  if you start hrt within a few weeks , you will pass as an average looking young woman before the first year . 
  you are pretty much already here anyway . 
  i understand why you would want a rhinoplasty , but i do n't think you needs it to pass . 
  wait ? 
  it cost over 20k pound ? 
  that more than 30 000 us dollars ... 
  i thought it was around 18k $ . 
  yeah , the balding issue is more visible in this angle . 
  some people claim that their hair have grown back from hrt . 
  maybe you should try a wig or some sort of haircut that would you cover it up . 
  you may also consider saving money for ffs ( particularly for the forehead/brow ridge ) . 
  hrt is going to help you quite a lot with that  . 
  while i have smooth skin , i am nowhere near an expert on skincare ( / r/skincareaddiction may be a good place to get some advice if you can get through the massive amount of content ) . 
  my skincare regiment is this : once a day ( usually after i get out of the shower ) i clean my skin with a micelle cleanser ( i use bioderma 's hydrabio h2o ) , once it 's dry i put what i think is a moisturizer ( i am not a native english speaker so i do n't know the exact terminology ) : caudalie 's vinosource moisturizing matifying fluid . 
  what you can do is to go shop at a place that specialize in skincare products and ask one of the clerks to advices you on what would be good for your skin . 
  nice angle , 
  socialize with girls and consider yourself as one of them and feminine mannerism will come naturally in no time  . 
  the only one that are not subtle are pretty obvious : do n't sit with your legs wide open , walk standing straight without swinging your arms/having your feet too far apart , do n't lead with your shoulder when you move ( you can still do all of those , some women do , but it will come off as very masculine ) etc. 
  the more subtle mannerisms will just come naturally imo . 
  what you should practice is voice mainly . 
  the way i see it , your last name indicate where you come from , not who you are , so unless your family is unsupportive and you want to cut tie with them i think you should not change your last name . 
  personally i changed my last name . 
  i took my mother 's name in place of my father because he is an emotionally abusive jerk and i do n't want to have i and my achievements connected to him . 
  i asked about the shoulder ( i put picture 5 specifically for that ) , because when i look into a mirror they seem broad to me , but when i measure them it turns out that my shoulder width to height ratio is below the female average . 
  it do n't really know what to think of that ... 
  anyway , thank you for your feedback  . 
  what about my brow ridge ? 
  i have never seen a cis woman irl with something that pronounced . 
  if it does n't bother you , would you know how much it would cost to get rid of it ? 
  and ffs in general ? 
  okay  , thank you for your feedback and have a nice day . 
   however , there simply are infinitessimal traces of masculinity in your face . 
  this has to do with your nose and your lips , for me . 
  that 's interesting ... would you mind elaborating a bit ? 
  i always thought that the most masculine things in my face were my chin and brow ridge . 
  i started hrt 6 months before going to university , i went full time during the summer and have n't been misgendered ever since . 
  it 's definitely possible but it will come down to genetics and of course the effort you put into it . 
  voice is pretty important , if it 's possible try to have a professional help you with that . 
  for your breast , at worst you can always pad your bra . 
  you do n't need to have d cup to pass as a woman ( i have a at best myself ) . 
   your brow ridge is smaller than most women i know, 
  not my experience at all . 
  i have never seen a cis woman irl with a brow ridge who even came close to be as big as mine . 
   if you want to spend money to pass better i would suggest therapy since confidence and good self esteem is much more valuable and seems to be all you need . 
  i have seen multiple therapists for nearly a year now ( as it is nearly free in my country ) . 
  i find it completely useless ( except for signing me letters that say that i am trans ) , sadly . 
   hugs !, 
  i went to a beautician less than a week ago for my eyebrow ... 
   if you think negative thoughts you will attract more negative thoughts . 
  positive attracts positive . 
  if you worry about flaws , they 'll only seem bigger . 
  and confidence comes into play here , too . 
  it try to work on that as best as i can . 
  still , it 's easier said than done . 
  anyway , if it 's not too intrusive , why are you , a cis woman , doing on this subreddit ? 
  i am not saying this because i think you do n't belong here , far from it . 
  but i have always wondered why do some cis persons take an interest into trans peoples . 
  do you know somebody who is trans in real life ? 
   i do n't think you 're seeing what the rest of us see . 
  i definitely think that 's true . 
  but not in the case of my brow ridge , maybe it 's not as bad as i think it is , but it 's still there . 
  when i commute , sometime i look at other women 's features and compare them with my own . 
  while i perceive my hands to be big and manly , i can see that objectively i have n't seen women , who were anywhere close to my height , who had smaller hands than mine . 
  but for the brow bossing it 's not the same , it 's nearly always completely flat for other women . 
  as you might imagine , i absolutely loathe how i look . 
  i did n't know that the anger showed itself however . 
  i thought i looked more sad than angry ... 
  picture 5 is how i look when i smile , the one where i look the worst . 
  smilling seems to accentuate all the features that i dislike about my face . 
  as others have said , not every single trans person have showed clear and easily identifiable signs when they were 4 years old . 
  as for convincing yourself and your parents . 
  maybe you should start to do small steps toward transitionning and see how it feels ? 
  while you see a therapist , you could slowly fill your wardrobe with more androginous and/or feminine cloths , experiment with makeup , maybe pick a female name and have your parents use it as well as female pronoun . 
  if it all seems right and proper then you keep going . 
  i understand you and your parent 's concerns , but it 's not like you get to lie on an operating table on day 1 . 
  you probably will have to go to a therapist first for a couple of session , then you go see an endocrinologist who may put you on blocker for a few months at first , and even actual estrogen do n't have an effect for the first 3/4 months . 
  so everything that you will do for the first 6 months or so will be fully reversible . 
  by this time it will probably be apparent if transition is the right path for you . 
  male . 
  the picture 's quality is pretty bad so i ca n't judge a lot of your features . 
  are n't you supposed to add 4 inches to get your actual band measurement ? 
  like , i am 29.5 in underbust and i wear a 34a .
