  i guess i must depend on the brand , some of them use the `` add 4 inches '' measurements ... 
  every guide that i used told me that i am a 90a ( i live in france btw , so not the same measuring units ) which correspond to a 34a . 
  so it might just be faulty converters instead . 
  good thing to know if i ever move to the uk/usa . 
  [ the average adult female shoulder width is just under 17 inches or 43 cm . 
  ] ( http://www.livestrong.com/article/484806-the-average-shoulder-width-for-females/ ), 
  my shoulders are a little smaller than this but they still seem gigantic to me . 
  you have probably a distorted image of how you look , like a lot a trans people . 
  do cis women make you angry too ? 
  because they have it way easier than preadolescent transitioners . 
  sadly , i do n't think that unpassing trans people will be recognized as the gender they identify with . 
  at best they will be celebrated as `` gender non-conforming [ gender assigned at birth ] '' . 
  even i am unable to gender correctly masculine looking trans women ( have n't yet seen a femine looking trans men ) :( . 
  can i ask why you did decide to get your ba in belgium when you could have gotten it for free in france ? 
  do you think surgeons in the public french healthcare system are not good enought ? 
  i am asking because i am french too and looking into getting a ba , and i too ca n't fill an a cup at nearly 2 years of hrt . 
  sorry i did n't read the whole thread . 
   `` having them covered by insurance would have meant going through the whole french hbs true transsexual gatekeeping thing to even get the chance . '', 
  i thought this bullshit was only for srs . 
  do you have an ald ? 
  i got mine after 1 visit to an endocrinologist , no gatekeeping or anything . 
  do you have to go through extra hoops to get a boob job ? 
   my nosejob turned out really great and natural and it was by a french surgeon . 
  if it does n't bother you , which one ? 
  also , thank you for doing this ama , it 's pretty informative  . 
   for any surgery under ald you must have the approval of an `` official '' doctor . 
  i have an appointment for a trach shave less than a month from now , let 's see how that goes . 
  i hope i wo n't have to add a few thousand euros to the price of my transition . 
  anyway , thanks for the pm  . 
  i have white skin and dark hair so obviously laser was the way to go for me . 
   did it work ? 
  yes , i have very very few hairs left that i could probably get rid off in a couple of sessions but i am lazy and i just have to `` shave '' for 30sec once a week or so . 
   how many times did you have to have the procedure in order for the hair to stay away ? 
  around half a dozen time spread over ~ 5 months . 
   how much did it cost ? 
  zero , universal health care and it 's covered if you are trans ( or have a legit disease that cause the hairs ) in my country . 
  it would have costed me around 1000 $ total otherwise . 
  i am going to steal / u/giigu 's format and answer a few more questions  . 
   how much did it hurt ? 
  not at all , they blew a cold air jet where the laser went which reduced the pain . 
   what was recovery like ? 
  after a session , i would have emla cream and a pack of ice put over the lasered area for 10-15min then my face would be red for a few hours . 
  overall i would say that 's it was a pretty easy procedure that improved immensely my quality of life . 
  france, 
  forget to go anywhere other than paris however , if you want to be treated like an human being that is . 
  corrective rape, 
  that 's what i was saying , while it may not be `` uniquely lesbian '' , the fact that gay women all over the world are raped because of their sexual orientation in order to `` fix '' them is a clear case of lesbophobia . 
   your life after the transition will most likely begin in a new town under a new identity in a new job with many new rules . 
  humm , no . 
  it was clearly made for late transitioners . 
  for sure . 
  france :, 
  everything is free except for ffs . 
  this include hrt , blood work , trach shave , ba , srs , voice therapy , hair removal , and therapy with a psychiatrist . 
  there is basically no gatekeeping except for srs . 
  surgeons who perform srs are all terrible anyway ( except for maybe one ) . 
  humm , yes ? 
  it took me 2 appointments with an endocrinologist to get on hrt , with 1 month waiting time for both ( did bloodwork inbetween the 2 appointments ) . 
  so no more than a couple of months , especially if you are already under treatment . 
  hope it helped , 
  the medical side of thing is pretty nice that 's for sure . 
  the downside is that you need srs to change your legal name/gender ( which makes being stealth a whole lot harder ) and that there is basically zero representation , no andreja pejic or janet mock . 
  the average person probably does n't even know what a trans person even is . 
  it costed me 10 $ by session and i dont have any mutuelle . 
  still pretty affordable . 
  i sent you a pm . 
  could you pm me the prices too ? 
  i am really considering facial team for my ffs , just want to know if i can afford them . 
   https://sillyolme.wordpress.com/faq-on-the-science/, 
  do n't you know : bisexual trans women do n't real and every young transitionner is straight , every single one of them !, 
  english is not my first language , so i apologize for any language mistake . 
  while i may agree that trans people can be broadly separated into two groups : feminine from childhood and who transition as soon as the opportunity arise vs people who transition after having lived successful lives as male , the idea that the two groups are monolithic or based on sexuality is moronic . 
  i am a living counter exemple to your theory . 
  i was extremely effeminate since the beginning of my life , having almost only female friends and avoiding `` traditionnal male activities '' . 
  i spend most of my life pre-transition as a de facto girl , because this is how i presented and how other people perceived me . 
  i transitionned in my teen and i pass with ease . 
  by all measure i should be in the first category : the androphilic/transkid/homosexual transexual/truetrans ^ tm category . 
  i am not the only one with such an history and you can find plenty of older transitionner who claim to be only attracted to men . 
  also , one of the reason for the sarcast ( aside from the fact that this is a sarcastic sub ) is the fact that i find your language extremely offensive . 
  you say that bisexual and lesbian trans women are who we are because of a fetish ( you even go so far as to simply reduce our sexuality as : autogynephilic ) and claim that the only legitimate sexuality of trans women is an androphilic one . 
   bisexual transwomen exist ... we study them all of the time, 
  we are not guinea pigs , can you show us ( and yourself ) some respect ? 
  she is so trutrans ^ tm that she think that the `` harry benjamin syndrome '' is a made up idea that was invented by agp scums . 
  if the main target is the parents/family of trans youth , i would stress the fact that transition is an effective treatment and that trans people can lead successful , happy and normal lives as the gender that they identify . 
  i would recommend the book : `` mom , i need to be a girl '' ( http://ai.eecs.umich.edu/people/conway/ts/evelyn/mom_i_need_to_be_a_girl.pdf ) . 
  it was written by the mother of a teenage transitioner and it documents the whole process . 
  i think that a lot a parents that stop their children from transitioning think that they are protecting them from a life of drug use and sex work because this is what they think the life of a trans person is . 
  but in doing so they are actually pushing their kids toward the things that they want to protect them from . 
  there is no official rule or guideline regarding transition in france . 
  there is 2 way you could go about it :, 
  - the '' \u00e9quipe hospitali\u00e8re '' way : you could go to an hospital who has a team that specialize in treating trans people ( for exemple : foch , near paris ) . 
  however , i would strongly recommend against going this route , you will be heavely gate-keeped ( rle/long psychiatric evaluation before hormone ) and encounter a lot of transphobia in the process as well as long waiting list . 
  also , the only srs surgeon who is not terrible is morel-journel in lyon . 
  - through the private sector : any gp/endocrinologist can prescribe hrt , some ( not all ) may require a letter from a psychiatrist ( who can apply any guideline that they want in diagnosing you ) . 
  note that you can go the private route and still be reimbursed by the s\u00e9curit\u00e9 sociale ( ask an ald from the doctor who prescribe you hrt and you can get voice therapy , hrt , blood test , therapy and some surgery at no or little cost ) . 
  i went this way and it took me 2 months between my initial appointment and getting the prescription for hrt . 
  [ http://bddtrans.theilax.com/] ( http://bddtrans.theilax.com/ ), 
  i do n't know your situation but i would like to say that you can get hrt as a minor from any doctor as long as your parents consent . 
  you are not forced to go through an \u00e9quipe hospitali\u00e8re just because you are under 18 . 
   the swedish surgeon i 've chosen ( who i 'd personally say from seeing results is better than either bowers or suporn ),
