i am working on it, 
  edit : it was not sarcastic btw , i am really working on smiling more and being happy in general, 
   what kind of glasses are those ?? 
  marc by marc jacobs mmj 514 kvx , 
  american vintage, 
  it 's one of those awful things about being trans ( at least mtf ) , you feel as if passing not only mean looking like your gender but also being attractive . 
  having features in the female range is not enough , you have to be above average . 
  ( sorry for the bad english , not my first language ), 
  great way to start the year . 
  you are going to be beautiful , 2015 will be a good year for you , 
  of course , but she will be even prettier, 
  weird , i though that i looked the worst/most masculine in pic 5 . 
   as for your chin , i do n't even really see what worries you . 
  my chin is wide and stick out , ruining the shape of my face . 
  i do n't know if i will get ffs but these two features ( wide chin and brow bossing ) as well as my adam 's apple have to go , they make me feel so dysphoric ... 
  * start hrt ( the most important thing ) . 
  starting hrt does not mean that you have to socially transition , you could very well be on hrt for years before you come out , go at your own pace . 
  * let your hair grow . 
  * laser your facial hair off . 
  * take care of your eyebrows , go to a salon initially for that . 
  * maybe learn makeup ( ca n't help you there , i barely know how to put eyeliner ) . 
  you can go to / r/makeupaddiction , watch tutorials on youtube or even ask one of your friend , if you are out to them , for some help . 
  * work on your voice ( also super duper important , voice is one of the most crucial thing to pass ) . 
  * edit : save for ffs , you very well might not need it but it 's good to keep your options open . 
  ask for feminine but natural eyebrows . 
  i do n't know where you live , but i do n't expect people working at a salon to be transphobic/homophobic . 
  my hair are actually quite long , past shoulder length . 
  it 's just that i do some magic to make them appear shorter  . 
  i kind of want to cut them a little bit but i am so scarred of regretting it :( . 
  ( excuse me for my terrible english , it 's not my first language ), 
  i do n't know if you would be able to pass with hrt alone , but i know that nearly everybody pass with ffs . 
  let 's imagine that in this thread you get 20 responses all saying that you could not pass with hrt , what will you do ? 
  just forget about all that trans stuff and live the rest of your life as a man ? 
  also , you are not supposed to post hypothetical questions in this sub ( / r/asktransgender would be more appropriate ) . 
  ( first of all , excuse me for my bad english , not my first language ), 
  i hope that what i will say will not completely miss the point . 
  i can see myself in a lot of what you said , maybe not to the same extend but still . 
  i do n't know if you are clinically depressed i have no knowledge of this sort of things . 
  however i think that you should try to analyze your feelings and be kinder to yourself . 
  try to figure out why , and what makes you , depressed or anxious and what you could do about it . 
  but also try to figure out what , or could , make you happy . 
  your mom seems to be invested in your well being , maybe you could go through your feelings with her , or someone else who is close . 
  you want to be happy right ? 
  well it 's not going to be easy and it wo n't happen overnight . 
  you have to unlearn all the patterns that make you depressed and replace them with one that would make you happy . 
  you have to constantly try to move in that direction and hang in there . 
  but you also need to not be hard on yourself or you will fall into a vicious cycle of : not accomplishing your goal -  feeling like a failure -  not working -  not accomplishing your goal -  feeling like a failure , etc. 
  if you fail a test or ca n't hand in an assignment it 's not a big deal , it does n't make you a failure . 
  also , if you have to work but do n't feel like you will be able to do it , stay at a library , or better yet , study with your friends . 
  ask for help from your professors , they are here to help you . 
  do n't forget that there are other things in life than school . 
  hang out with your friends , pick up a hobby , go see a movie . 
  if you were able to go through my mindless ramblings i hope you have found at least one thing of value and that it did n't appear too condescending . 
  honestly , based on those pictures , if i interacted with you in everyday life i would probably just categorize you as an average cis girl ( unless your voice was terrible ) . 
  plus you are young , the future is looking quite good for you  . 
  have you though about getting you hair layered ? 
  also , try to get some sleep ( you seem to need it lol ) , and to start hrt . 
  i started at 19 yo and i pass just fine . 
  even though it is true that the sooner you start the better it is , the rule of thumb seems to be that if you start before 20 you will more than likely be fine . 
  what a coincidence , i am french and currently trying to change my legal name and maybe even my gender marker . 
  changing gender marker is incredibly hard but you do n't actually need srs , usually orchi is enough . 
  however changing your name seems to be way easier , you just ( lol ) need a bunch of letters from coworker , friends , family etc saying that you go by name x , which are obviously very easy to acquire when you are stealth / s. 
  bear in mind that it depend to which tribunal your are assigned to , some are jerks , other more manageable . 
  if you do n't have enough money to hire an attorney can you not benefit from the aide juridictionnelle ? 
  as for the actual question , i never tried to board a plane , however for all the more mundane things that require an id ( like going to the doctor , getting blood work done , picking up medicines etc ) people may be confused but i have never been denied services . 
  the biggest hassle has to be if you are a student , because your student id card has to be your legal name so if you do n't want to be outed special accommodations will have to be made when you take exams , you will not be able to use the library etc ... and the school is under no obligation to help you , they very well may just register you under your male name :( . 
  i hope that it answered the question at least a little bit , and good luck in your transition . 
  yeah , but you can get hrt on informed consent with no waiting time , which is nice . 
  and everything is free . 
  what i meant by exam is not how you look compared to your name . 
  in my case i am registered under a female name but my student id has a male name , so if i were to take an exam under normal conditions i would have been thrown out because of the discrepancy . 
  but if you are registered under your legal name then you should be fine , no one really check the picture anyway . 
  france has no rule for getting hrt so it really depend on your location and which doctor you have access to :( . 
  at least it 's better than 1 year waiting time to get an appointment + mandatory 2 year rle . 
  i am sorry that i took so long to respond , i did n't see your edit earlier . 
  you can send pictures but i do n't know if that 's a good idea . 
  i will not be able to give proper advice . 
  i am terrible with makeup , i just know how to put eyeliner and mascara and i do n't even know what the word `` contouring '' means !, 
  i am also not the best with clothes , finding a style that suits me is something i am working on , i am nowhere near being able to give advice on the matter . 
  also i am terribly harsh , when i look in a mirror most of the time i see an effeminate boy ( and an ugly one at that ! ) . 
  so the feedback that i would give you would be incredibly flawed . 
  if you want to post your pictures without having a chance of being outed maybe you should post in a smaller sub who is not nearly as read by cis people , like / r/mtf for exemple . 
   when navigating / r/transpassing [ 1 ] it 's easy for someone who is considering going mtf to get excited . 
  i ( like any other cisfemale or mtf ) want to be pretty . 
  i want to not just pass , but excel . 
  most of the people from / r/transpassing who look amazing already looked good pre-hrt . 
   how effective are the hormones alone on both facial and body transition, 
  you are 19 , that is still quite young so the hormones will be pretty effective , however they are not magic . 
  you can count on softer skin , breasts ( one size smaller than your closest female relative ) , over time less body ( not facial ) hair , reduced muscle mass , maybe ( maybe ) some hip growth , fat redistribution ( toward the hips , the thighs and the buttocks and away from the belly ) which will create a waist . 
  the bone structure of your face will not change but there will be some minor change , like fuller lips , a slightly more rounded figure etc. 
   is it common and/or advisable to follow up with facial reconstructive surgery, 
  do you mean facial feminization surgery ? 
  if so it depends on whether or not you are satisfied with the result of hrt alone , but unless you already look somewhat feminine already you will probably need it . 
   do the hormones affect vocal chords ? 
  to what degree if any ? 
  they do not affect vocal chords . 
   how do the first few months of the transition go , where you are still obviously male but are in female ` mode ' in public or at work ? 
  i have no idea , sorry . 
   there will be 2 weeks after my bloodwork with them to see if everything is cool, 
  i hope everything goes right and that you will be on hrt soon  .
