  you look fantastic btw, 
  you really should n't feel guilty about this . 
  first of all , you are not lucky , you do not have it easy . 
  i mean , you are still trans , you are part of a minuscule minority in which the concept of passing is even a thing . 
  99.9 % of the population ( cis people ) do n't even have to worry about passing , and they do n't feel guilty , neither should you . 
  and also , do you feel this way about everything ? 
  do you feel guilty because they are children starving in africa and you have food in your plate ? 
  stop feeling guilty about things you ca n't change . 
  you are already doing everything you can do ( treating her right ) , no need to feel bad about it . 
   do you think we 'll find more people shopping for clothes in both the men 's and women 's section or things of that nature ? 
  or even a third bathroom option like in that south park episode ? 
  i 'm just curious what you all think . 
  no , i do n't really think that trans acceptance is going to led to those things . 
  after all the `` transgender movement '' ( whatever it is ) does not really thrive for the destruction of gender roles but for the acceptance of transgender peoples as their gender ( and easy access to good transition related medical care ) . 
  edit : it does n't mean that trans peoples are against the abolition of gender roles , just that trans acceptance does not correlate with the abolition of gender roles . 
  imo , transgender acceptance would led to those things :, 
  * a drastic reduction of the median age of transition , which would probably be below 14 . 
  as transgender visibility and acceptance would rise , trans kids and teenagers would be able to understand and communicate their feelings more effectively , and accepting parents and society would make transition a more accessible option for them . 
  * an end to cissexism . 
  the idea that trans peoples are the gender that they claim they are would be obvious to everyone . 
  the concept of stealth may become obsolete or less desired . 
  * being transgender would be recognized as a medical condition and , as such , their would be medical research done into solving the problems that transition ca n't . 
  like acceptable bottom surgery for ftm and the ability to have the reproductive system of our desired gender . 
  transition related health care would be more accessible and obviously free . 
  but 15 years is way too optimistic , it wo n't probably happen within a 100 years . 
  but it 's kind of a false analogy . 
  whites peoples do n't give birth and have in their family black peoples ( in general ) . 
  it is not the case of trans peoples , who are born from cis peoples the vast ( vast ) majority of the time . 
  i agree however that 15 years to trans acceptance is way too optimistic , we will probably not see full acceptance within our lifetime , but we could get to a pretty good place in a few decades ( look how fast gay ( and even trans ) rights and acceptance are progressing ) . 
  i experienced the exact same thing and sadly nobody can do anything to help you but yourself . 
  but what you can do is pick up the phone when the clinic open and ask for an appointment . 
  it 's 7 am in boston at the moment , the second the clinic open you pick up that phone and you take an appointment , you just have to do it . 
  you are trans and you want to transition right ? 
  you want to finally be able to live your life and start feeling better about yourself ? 
  then you just have to do it . 
  i hope i will see an update in a few hours , 
  yeah , progress , 
  just keep going , one step at a time , while keeping in mind where you want to go . 
  good luck , 
  i love your makeup !, 
  could you tell me what you are using ? 
  thanks !, 
  do you know of any good tutorials to learn how to use basic makeup ? 
  how did you learn it yourself ? 
  anything beyond mascara and eyeliner is a complete mystery to me :(, 
  i get a special kind of jealous of any trans girls who transitioned before i did . 
  i know that i was born trans , being cisgender was never in the cards for me , but i could have transitioned earlier and it 's eating at me . 
  so every time i see someone who transitioned before 19 i feel like i wasted my potential and that i am a failure for not transitioning sooner . 
  it 's such a toxic attitude . 
  i know that i have it pretty good , i pass and every time i post in / r/transpassing i get bombarded by `` oh my god you 're so cuuuuute '' . 
  i guess that there are trans women that are jealous of me and that the girls that i am jealous of envy other girls . 
  i hope that i can get past this attitude and just be happy with my ( pretty good ) condition . 
  it 's hard to tell . 
  in the first picture ( of this post ) you do n't pass , in the others it would come down to voice/mannerism . 
  but your facial features are pretty feminine , a few months of hrt and you would pass without question . 
  imo , i would say that she is on the fence between femboy and female . 
  that 's why i said that voice/mannerism would play a pretty big role . 
  but that 's just my stupid opinion , i am no expert . 
  no , you do n't pass . 
  you could pass . 
  you are 16 and without overtly masculine features , hrt will do wonder for you . 
  but you do n't pass with your current presentation . 
  ( i apologize for my bad english ), 
  i do have a lot of internalized transphobia . 
  i never see myself as a man however , but due to the fact that i did n't live my childhood and most of my teenage years as a girl ( i did n't live them as a typical boy either ) , i do n't get periods , i ca n't get pregnant and there will always be people who will deny me being female , sometime i feel like some kind of in-between , between boy and girl , who is not and probably never will be a `` real girl '' . 
  emotionally , these feelings can have a very damaging impact on me . 
  up to the point of crying for a few hours and having suicidal ideations ( only fleeting thoughts however ) . 
  i do n't know your situation op and not everyone has the privilege of passing . 
  but in my situation , living stealth , i found that being around other peoples , hanging out with friends etc , to be the best way to counteract these feelings . 
  because everyone sees me as a cis female , whenever i am in a social situation i get constantly validated that i am just `` one of the girls '' . 
  i would also agree with / u/ambermccrey , seeking trans positive resources , and avoiding negative ones ( if only i could follow that advice ... ) may also help you quite a lot . 
  i just sent you a request . 
  i am completely new to skype however so i have no idea what to do :(, 
  have you thought about doing diy ? 
  do you need both of your parents ' permission to get blockers ? 
  maybe your mother would agree ? 
  well , i did n't diy myself so maybe what i am saying is completely stupid , but could n't you hide your pills in like a container of aspirin that maybe you would put in your school locker ? 
  you could also have them delivered at a private mailbox . 
  i am sure there is a way . 
  there must be some people on this sub who have done diy with unsupportive parents and may give you advice on how to do it . 
  if you limit yourself to a safe low dose and you are smart about it , it 's not going to kill you or do some serious harm . 
  if you are scarred about them noticing the changes , well you could just take anti-androgens only , i know that it 's not what you want but it 's better than nothing . 
  why could n't you have a private mailbox ? 
  maybe you could get one from the post office , here is an article on how to do it : http://www.tsroadmap.com/early/mailbox.html ( i am not an american , and it seems to be a little old , so i do n't really know if it 's accurate ) . 
  you could even get hormones from an older trans person that you could meet at a support group . 
  honestly , i think it would be better for you to try to find a way to make diy works , instead of thinking about suicide . 
  ( i hope it did n't come off as too condescending ), 
  when i chose my first name i hesitated between 3 names . 
  i took my favorite as my first and the other two as my middle names ( we usually have 2 middle names in my country ) . 
   i want to try diy , but if it fails and my parents find out , i 'll be screwed , they 'll probably never let me out of the house and then they 'll make sure i ca n't get it . 
  or they might see that you are dead set on doing this . 
  whatever the outcome , it 's still better than doing nothing . 
  i do n't know you current situation , and you seem to have thought this through , so i do n't want to bug any longer . 
  anyway , you will be able to drive in less than 2 years . 
  and worst case scenario , you transition at 18 and you will more than likely be fine , you will not live the rest of your life as a man . 
  do n't kill yourself . 
  you can pm or even use my skype , rainbowmarmalade . 
  did i do something wrong ? 
  you ca n't just leave without saying goodbye :( . 
  yes , it 's a picture of me ...
