  during this time i have never , never , been gendered as anything but female . 
  even when i hand in my government id , who are male , yeah france :( , and i say `` i am - male name - and i want to renew my passport for exemple . 
  people think that i am doing it for a friend or that i have a very unusual name for a girl . 
  and they are not just being polite as i am the dictionary definition of androgynous ( tshirt , ponytail , jeans , converses , backpack , hoodie , no makeup ) . 
  but i still see that same fucking ugly boy in the mirror every morning :( . 
  if you find a solution , let me know . 
  at this point i am just waiting for ffs . 
  what terf need to get through their thick skulls of theirs is that me , as well as ton of other trans women , go and use female only places , whether barthrooms or locker rooms or whatever on a daily basis and we have done so for centuries and we will keep doing it for centuries to come and their is not a god damn thing that they can do about it . 
  keep passing unenforceable laws that primarily affect gay and lesbian people and keep circlejerking about the big and terrifying trans monster . 
  i am in your bathrooms and you ca n't keep me out . 
  fuck you . 
  you are one of the lucky fews who could actually pass at your age . 
  i say go for it !, 
  bathrooms , probably others too , i am not an historian, 
  what i am trying to say is say that there are documented cases ( and ones we do n't know about ) of transgender people living their daily lives in the gender that they `` identify '' as , which include using the bathrooms in which they are the most confortable . 
   the ` comfort ' argument :, 
  the main argument colored people make for them being allowed to use whichever restrooms they want is that they are uncomfortable in the colored bathroom . 
  colored people make up 1/5 of the population . 
  i would bet my life that more than 1/5 of the white population would be uncomfortable with a colored person in the white restroom . 
  in fact , i would speculate that probably closer to 1/2 ( or more ) whites would be uncomfortable with a negro who feels he is entitled to basic human rights entering a white restroom . 
  to allow black people to use white bathrooms is to value their comfort over the comfort of many many more whites , and i do n't need to explain why this is unfair and wrong . 
  if i may include a personal anecdote ; my best friend recently had a daughter . 
  my friend , her husband , and i would all be uncomfortable with a negro entering a restroom with my friends daughter . 
  that makes 3/3 let alone 3/15 . 
  no , they are not bigots at all ... 
  `` look at that dress , she was begging for it . 
  i am sure she enjoyed being fucked by strong men who wouldnt take no for an answer '', 
  these people are despicable, 
  as being transgender is a mainly biological phenomenon , this goes back to the dawn of humanity . 
  exemple : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_lobdell ( found in 10s of googling ), 
  i am sure ( and you would agree too ) that they were trans people more than 3 hundreads years ago . 
  and let 's not derail too much from the point , what i am saying is that i am ( and others ) are in your female/male only spaces and their is nothing that you can do to prevent it . 
  there are ways that you can make you board just threatening enough for a brawl without overcommitting to it so you can reflood right after . 
  also , deathrattle minions ( cairne , villagers etc ) work quite well . 
  but you are right that with the rotation to standard it became the trickiest board clear to play around . 
  the bit about ragnaros is so so true , i can be in a 10plus minutes controle game , ragnaros and 2 random trashs on the board , i brawl , rag survives , `` i choose death '' on the spot . 
  yes , and i am having it done at the end of the year . 
  sadly , this is my life goal . 
  you are 19 , an adult . 
  why do you let your parents ( people who have no legal power over you ) ruin your life ? 
  how about you get a job or go to college with student loan ? 
  yes this is discrimination and yes i would care . 
  my mother is supportive of my transition but my father is a dead beat dad , narcissistic asshole of a conservative so he would never accept it . 
  so what this mean is that by virtue of being transgender i would not be able to change my name at your agency but i could if i were cisgender , this is wrong and this has to change !, 
  plus , me changing my name is a vital and necessary part of my transition and well being ( you ca n't have a women running arround with a male name , do you ? ), 
  while it is usually only a confort thing for cis people . 
  btw : the idea that you need your parents ' permission to change your name is pretty moronic imo , but what do i know ... 
  [ literally everything you need ] ( http://ai.eecs.umich.edu/people/conway/tssuccesses/tssuccesses.html ! ), 
  i am not american so i am not going to pretend to be an expert in this discussion . 
  however , the unemployment rate in the us is 5 % , should n't be too difficult to find a job ( or multiple ) to support yourself . 
  as for the second option , i do n't see how making a investment in your futur is a bad idea , especially if it helps you get away from a bad situation . 
  just study something useful that will allow you to get a good job at a low cost university . 
  i too am scared of being physically overpowered by a male . 
  my plan ( once i recover from srs ) is to take jiu jitsu or krav maga class , a female trained in one of those would beat the crap of an untrained dude anyday . 
  terf do not care about women , they just care about themselves ( and making life a living hell for trans folks ) . 
  they do n't want to end the oppression of women , they just want to be allowed to access positions of power ( pm/potus/ceo of large companies ) themselves , who cares if it opress poor women in the process . 
  sexism against rich and middle class white straight cis women matters . 
  sexism against any other women is just a useful rhetorical tool to opress trans women . 
  short answer : no, 
  long answer :, 
  refusing to date someone you found attractive before finding out they were trans and who has the right set of genitalia ( so for exemple , straight men and post op trans woman ) , is transphobic . 
  everything else is not . 
  pregnancy test ads on youtube . 
  and i have reproductive dysphoria :(, 
  maybe it 's not what i hate the most but i would say realizing how disgusting the universe and the human race is . 
  by low cost i mean , in-state , community college , public school , that sort of things . 
  they are way to get a cheaper education than if you go to a fancy university at 60k usd a year . 
  straight men usually want their partners to have vagina , i think . 
  it 's a really sad state of affair if you ca n't even rent a small appartment with roomates while working full time on minimum wage ... 
   and college degrees guarantee nothing nowadays , you 'll find doctorates flipping burgers with the high school grads . 
  that 's why i said to get a degree in something useful , if you study engineering or computer science i do n't think you will be flipping burgers . 
  it 's like saying : `` planes are in direct opposition to gravity . '', 
  who gives a fuck about evolution , it 's not like it 's god or something . 
  this people are weird ... 
  aaaah , the pope , the leader of an institution who is deeply sexist ( women are completely barred from any position of power , only being allowed to be nuns ) , is against women 's rights ( abortion/birth control ) , is responsible for a genocide in the third world ( the aid crisis ) , who systematicaly protected rapists of young boys and girls , is against gay rights ... 
  but he is a transphobe so who cares about the rest ... 
  i am a french jew and i am ashamed at what my country did during wwii . 
  i am not going to deny the existence of the french resistance or all the good that it did , but not only did the government collaborated with the nazis but most of the people where outright pro occupation or apathetic to the situation . 
  you are right to not dismiss the french resistance or de gaulle but , at least in my country , it is vastly over exagerated . 
  the number of active resisters was around 2 % of the population . 
  they were probably way more collaborators and people who supported the occupation ( due to antisemitism , racism , fear of communism , etc ) , and the vast majority of people just simply didnt care one way or another . 
  but the french government , the legal vichy government , collaborated with the nazis , they sent jewish french citizens to concentration camp to be brutally murdered . 
  and what pisses me off is that in popular french culture there is an acceptable view that `` petain did a deal with the devil to save the french jews by sacrificing the foreign ones '' ( which is a complete lie ) , there was actually a book that defended this position that became a best seller a couple years back . 
  we just have a huge issue in my country dealing with antisemitism ( which is on the rise ) and what actually happened during this particular period in our history . 
  we overblow the resistance and sweep under the rug any crimes commited by the government or the collaborators . 
   it 's also worth noting that of the 26,120 individuals israel 's yad vashem has recognized as righteous among the nations , 3,925 are french . 
  yes , and 6,620 were poles , that did n't stop you from saying that they collaborated with the nazis . 
   you are entitled to your opinion . 
  you are not entitled to your own facts . 
  you can say what you like about the awful , terrible , horrible vichy government , but the fact remains that the french people fought hard against it . 
  dismiss it all you like . 
  i prefer to take a less black-and-white , all-or-nothing view of war . 
  not all the french people , 2 % of it . 
  i do n't take a black-and-white , all-or-nothing view of war , some french people did great things , the majority did nothing as their countrymen and women were sent to the gaz chamber and some , including the state , policemen and civil servants actually helped in this endeavour . 
   that 's rather rich , coming from someone who dismisses the great sacrifices france made . 
  i do n't understand , i am the one who recognise the good and the bad that my country has done and you are the one that characterised the poles as collaborators even though they had a great resistance movement too . 
   you do n't recognize the good and bad . 
  you focus on the bad to the exclusion of all else . 
  because most of my family died in the holocaust , that my country failed my family when we needed it the most , that it took more than 50 years to get an apology and because there is still a huge amount of denial of the crimes of my country during the occupation as well as general antisemitism in france . 
  this is not really an academic discussion for me and i apologise .
