  the consensus , last time i checked , seems to be that the only worthwhile surgeon is morel-journel in lyon . 
  expect a 1 + year wait time to see a psychiatrist , 2 years of therapy to get approved and then 2 years of waiting list . 
  have you ever thought about going to paris for your appointments regarding transition ? 
  my experiences have not been quite that bad . 
  my endo is in paris ( pas dans une \u00e9quipe hospitali\u00e8re , dans le priv\u00e9 ) and their was no gatekeeping ( she gave me blood tests to do on my first appointment and i had the prescription for hrt on my second ) . 
  i didnt need a therapist letter either . 
  however i was 18 and passing , but if your parents are on board and with you i am sure it would be fine . 
  i sent you a pm , 
  do you have the same feeling about hrt ? 
  i mean , your body would consider a `` neutral state '' being one with testosterone flowing through your veins and not estrogen . 
  do you intend to never take hrt and , for that matter , never have any `` unnatural '' medical treatment ? 
  so , to sum up , you want to keep your dick and you have no qualms about suggesting that those of us who get srs are doing `` unnatural '' things that our body `` naturally reject '' just to make you feel better about yourself and your decision . 
  no love for slayers_boxer ; - ;, 
  `` i do n't have time to play so much as i used to in vanilla/tbc and i bet most people here experience the same problem . '', 
  but what about the 18 yo was has the time and wants to play as much as you did in vanilla/bc and be rewarded for it ? 
  they cant have that experience because you personally have outgrown it ? 
   to force people to do things that are in strict violation of their religion is very clearly unconstitutional . 
  so , if paying taxes is against my religion ( because it recquires me to be a strict pacifist and i ca n't finance the american military for exemple ) , does that mean that forcing me to pay taxes is a clear violation of my constitutional rights ? 
  i am just asking , i am not an american so i do n't know , but i want to learn  . 
  exactly 15.4239 years . 
  it doesnt work that way , humanity is not on a linear path toward social progress ... 
  its completely possible that gay or transgender rights and acceptance are going to regress or that transgender people are going to be more accepted than gay people in the future . 
  being transgender was more acceptable than being gay in the 1950s for exemple . 
  wow , calm down ... take a deep breath . 
  how can i know that op doesnt think that social progress is linear or that we just have to wait x number of years until we get y right ( which is a commonly held belief btw ) , when the question is asking precisely that ? 
  plus , mansplaining ... seriously ? 
  wow , policing my speech , are n't you ? 
  :p ( i am not a native english speaker btw ) . 
  from what i understand mansplaining happens when a man assume that he knows the experience of being a woman better than the women themselves ? 
  i do n't see where i did that ... 
   mansplaining happens with individuals who grow up with privilege . 
  how dare you assume you know anything about my life ? 
   plus , even if you are not a native english speaker , some things are evident in a way that is not impeded by the language barrier :, 
  wow , calm down ... take a deep breath . 
  well , i do n't really like being angrily insulted for no real reason ... 
   i made an edit : mansplaining happens with some individuals who grow up with male privilege . 
  and once again , how dare you assume to know anything about my life ? 
  you do realise that you were the one who jumped on and insulted me when i was just stating my opinion calmly ? 
  maybe you should think a bit about who is the one who is mansplaining and trying to dominate the conversion ... 
  plus i am pretty sure that between me and op ( who didnt express any issue with what i said btw ) i am the one that is actually ( living as ) a female here ... 
  while i think there is some truth to what you are saying , even that is debatable . 
  i mean , if you are a fully transitionned passing trans ( ? the label kind of become meaningless at this point maybe ? ), 
  person then , in most place ( at least in the west ) there is not much rights that a cisgender person would have that you would n't . 
  it pretty much means that they want to appropriate the transgender identity because its all hip and cool in their social circle without actually being trans ... 
  but seriously , i do n't get it . 
  how can you be born female , be confortable with both the biological reality as well as the social aspect of being a woman and still be transgender ? 
  its like being a woman exclusively attracted to men and claiming to be a lesbian . 
  do n't words have meaning ? 
   where is the problem in them identifying as trans ? 
  exactly the same as a straight woman identifying as a lesbian or a white person identifying as a black one . 
  trans is not an `` identity '' its a reality that you actually live . 
   sooo ... their internal , personal gender identity needs to align with their external presentation for them to be trans ? 
  in that scenario , are n't all closeted trans folk not actually trans ? 
  if given the opportunity to transition someone doesnt do it then its very unlikely they are transgender ( especially if they are not repressing like the person that op is talking about ) . 
   `` woman '' does n't match their personal reality and how they experience it . 
  but being a woman is not a feeling ... 
   your comparison to identification as black as a white person , or as lesbian as a straight person , is n't really applicable , because those are n't mutable things , and one 's sense of self has no bearing on it . 
  well , i mean , why not ? 
  we just have to redefine or even invent terms . 
  why not claim that someone can be transethnic ( ethnicity ! = race !, 
  ! 1 ) or homogender and that they are huge umbrela terms and you can well be a demi-black even if you are white as the snow . 
  if we want to redefine the word gender ( which means sex btw ) or transgender ( because transexual is not used anymore since , you know , being transgender is not a sexual orientation ) just so that some straight cis people can feel all special about themselves might as well go all the way  . 
  do we really want to do that ? 
  do we really want to claim that being trans is just a feeling and has nothing to do with actually changing your gender/sex ? 
  does that mean that a rapist can claim to be a woman and get into a women 's prison without actually transitionning ( and a fully functioning penis ) ? 
  does that mean that the medical side of transition are just cosmetic procedures and not medically necessary ( since according to you you can be trans without having to do any of it ) ? 
  and :, 
   because those are n't mutable things , and one 's sense of self has no bearing on it . 
  are you seriously saying that being transgender is a mutable thing ? 
  so does that mean that conversion therapy could , in theory , work ? 
  maybe the state should fund that instead of unnecessary cosmetic procedures ? 
  ( you start to see why i think that what you are saying is so dangerous ? ), 
  if gender is mutable then ca n't you just change your gender to the one of your birth sex , meaning stop being transgender ? 
  if find your whole discourse to be incredibly regressive and sexist , if you are a feminine man or a masculine woman or if you dress in clothing that do not conform to the norm associated with your sex you are not trans , you are just someone who does not conform to gender roles and thats fine . 
  this is not what being transgender is about . 
  being transgender is about being a boy/girl born into a girl/boy 's body and transitionning to have the appropriate biological sex . 
  maybe its because i am a feminist but i do n't really like this linking of gender role and sex/gender . 
  as for excluding people , i do n't really see an issue with excluding people who do not ( or did not ) suffer from gender dysphoria from transgender support groups or the label transgender just the same way that i do not have an issue with excluding people who `` identify '' as having cancer from cancer patient/survivor support groups . 
   is n't that kinda what you and me and many other trans folk experienced when we came out ? 
  being misunderstood out not believed ? 
  argued against ? 
  `` you ca n't be a girl , you like boy things ! '', 
  i am really sorry that that happened to you and to many others . 
  i wish there were more understanding in this world . 
  i think they were talking about draco ? 
  but for people who defend it , capitalism is just the natural order , so when people die because they ca n't get a 0.1 $ vaccine thats just a fact of life for them . 
  they do n't get that both capitalism and leninism are completely artificial systems and that the bourgeoisie owning all the capital is just as illegitimate as the state owning all of it . 
  because whether you should live or die is determined by how much you can contribute to the gdp ... wait its exactly how it is , fuck !, 
  le terrorisme intellectuel carr\u00e9ment ... 
  so if i kill or enslave this guy and conquer his property its all fine because the history of humanity is one of conflict and competition or is that okay only when you do it to non white ? 
  mais bon . 
   je n'ai pas parl\u00e9 de destruction de la cellule familiale , j' ai parl\u00e9 de d\u00e9structuration de la structure familiale . 
   je t ` avoue que je ne comprends pas la question . 
  tel que je la comprends , c'est un non sens total . 
  well , thats the law of supply and demand for you , the demand for diamond incrusted gold bathtub is higher than the one for clean water , you ca n't really blame the market for reacting to it . 
  no , its not , `` europe '' is more than one country you know ? 
  but its not even true , the number of european country where prostitution is legal and regulated is very small . 
  in most place , either its straight up illegal or its legal but everything surrounding it is n't ( public solicitation etc ) . 
  also frankly i am getting a bit tired of americans talking about europe as if its a homogenous place . 
  no , european countries are not like states in america , in fact france for exemple is a much more diverse country than the entire us .
