i 'm not proud of it , but i will dance to a taylor swift song . 
  no they did n't , that is straight up bullshit . 
  i grew up in germany , went to college in the us and now work for a german company . 
  born in munchen to a german father and an american mother , i am a dual citizen . 
  have a home both in florida and berchtesgaden . 
  spend my summers in bavaria and my winters in key west . 
  it fits the bill because the us military aircraft that fly supersonic are already regulated by military regulations . 
  supersonic flight by military aircraft is severely restricted to military operating areas , such as the desert in remote nevada or twenty miles off shore . 
  there are never military supersonic flights over population centers in the us . 
  as for your trans atlantic fee , i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  and yes , this german american would love supersonic travel , but that is not plausible over population centers . 
   about 1 billion $ of german taxpayer money between 2003 and 2012 . 
  lol , the americans spend 4 billion a year in germany . 
  their military personnel costs them an additional $ 3.9 billion . 
  so thats 8 billion a year versus 100 million . 
  http://washington.cbslocal.com/2013/04/17/report-us-paying-billions-more-for-military-bases-overseas-despite-troop-reductions/ i would say thats a pretty good deal . 
  american carriers may not fly the a380 but they certainly fly a lot of other airbus products . 
  and it was n't so much patriotism as it was costs that kept american carriers from buying the a380 . 
  they all had already been operating 747 's for decades . 
  their maintenance people were already trained on the aircraft , there was a proven track record with the plane and it simply cost less to procure and operate . 
  there was never any reason to look at the a380 . 
  and as someone who has had to go through customs in new york behind four a380 's that landed in front of me , all i can say is good riddance . 
  that is conspiracy nonsense . 
  the us government did extensive testing in the late 1960 's on the effects of sonic booms over population centers . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oklahoma_city_sonic_boom_tests they did this because boeing was developing the sst , it did n't have anything to do with the concorde . 
  you will note that concorde was never allowed to fly supersonic over europe either . 
  why does such unsubstantiated information get upvoted around here ? 
  the us has an interest because european nations are costing the us a fuck ton of money to pick up the slack . 
  the us wants europe to honor its defense commitments . 
  where they buy the equipment is a distant secondary concern . 
  no , the us has long wanted its european allies to increase their military spending . 
  i suspect this new collaboration is due to putin and the remote possibility of a president trump . 
  the f-22 is a better fighter than the f-35 . 
  no , the f-15 is still the best fighter of the 4.5 generation . 
  and the f-16 is still more maneuverable . 
  the typhoon is more on par with the f-18 . 
  so any company can use them without paying tesla , yet you define `` not free '' to mean adding the stipulation that the user agrees to not to sue the company ? 
  that does n't even begin to make sense . 
  that is not correct . 
  the tesla is vastly different from an elise and it is important that people are aware of this . 
  in fact , we recently counted how many parts the two cars shared and the total number was under 7 % by parts count . 
  if you were to analyze it by parts value , the number would be even smaller . 
  so you could say that the tesla is similar to a lotus elise , except it has a totally different drivetrain , body panels , aluminum tub , rear sub-frame , brakes , abs system , hvac and rear suspension . 
  the tesla also neglects to carry over the gas tank , emissions equipment and exhaust . 
  if you were to try to convert an elise to a tesla and started throwing away parts that are n't carried over what you would basically be left with a windshield , dashboard ( complete with airbags !, 
  ) , front wishbones and a removable soft top . 
  for comparison , lamborghini cars share upwards of ten percent of their parts content with audi cars . 
  i can only guess what the number is between ford cars and their high end aston martin and jaguar brands . 
  at the same time , the elise is a great car in its own right for what it was built to do . 
  several engineering breakthroughs that lotus first implemented in the elise , in particular the use of aluminum extrusions in the chassis that are bonded ( as opposed to welded ) , have since been adopted by several carmakers and brands , including aston martin and jaguar ( note : i am not aware of any formal relationship between lotus and those two automakers . ), 
  it was the fact that this approach yields a lightweight , rigid chassis and that the up-front tooling costs of extrusions are significantly cheaper than stampings that led tesla to connect with lotus about adopting a similar approach for the roadster . 
  early in tesla 's history , after the company had focused on developing core battery technology , the time came to think about how to approach building a fully integrated ev car . 
  as a startup , there were potential advantages to identifying an existing platform that had already been tested for us safety regulations and which could donate most non-ev parts . 
  as with most things , however , the devil is in the details . 
  for starters , placing a 1,000 pound battery in the midsection of the car changes everything about the behavior of the structures that were originally engineered for the ice powered elise . 
  in order to accommodate the added weight of the battery pack , the aluminum tub chassis had to be redesigned to a tesla specification , increasing strength and using the battery pack as a stressed member to increase rigidity . 
  since we had decided to redesign the chassis , we also chose to redesign the side rails so that they would sit a few inches lower than those in the elise , greatly improving ingress and egress . 
  the chassis is produced for tesla and does not start its life as an elise chassis . 
  to accommodate the battery pack , motor and transmission , tesla designed a new rear subframe . 
  in order to handle the increased weight in the rear , new rear wishbones were designed . 
  an added effect of the new rear subframe and suspension was a wheelbase about 2 inches longer than the elise . 
  the added weight , longer wheelbase , and desire for a different type of driving feel for our customer required a redesign of the suspension to achieve our ride and handling goals . 
  a challenging area of development for an ev that is not always obvious to the average person is the 12v accessories ( fans , headlights , ac , heaters , etc. ), 
  all of these things have evolved over the last 100 years to run off the internal combustion engine . 
  in an ev where there is no ice and the main battery is running at about 400 volts , sourcing , designing and integrating these systems is no small feat . 
  gm recently told of unforeseen problems they ran into in the development of the volt related to 12v accessories that they say has driven the likely cost of the car up $ 5k to $ 35,000 . 
  pretty much every car on the market uses a heat exchanger to transfer heat from engine coolant to generate cabin heat . 
  that 's why the car has to warm up before it blows hot air . 
  every car on the market uses a belt driven compressor for the air conditioning . 
  every gas car also uses a belt driven alternator to generate 12v dc to run all of the other accessories . 
  none of these things apply for the tesla roadster or any other ev , so they need to be designed specially for the car . 
  i also left out power brakes , which normally rely on the vacuum from an ice to generate boost ( on an ev you need an electrically driven vacuum pump . ), 
  all along , tesla was developing its own signature styling for the roadster . 
  once completed , every single panel on the roadster was unique . 
  the only exterior parts that are carryover are the rear-view mirrors , which tesla carried over to avoid expensive development and safety testing costs . 
  the headlights and taillights were designed to be unique to tesla as well because they are so important to the character of the car . 
  as for materials : body panels ( except for the bumpers ) are made entirely of carbon fiber to minimize weight . 
  by way of comparison , the next cheapest car that uses carbon fiber for body panels is the mercedes mclaren slr , which will set you back a cool $ 500,000 . 
  so what remains as carryover from lotus ? 
  the most noticeable pieces are the windshield and the dashboard , including the steering wheel . 
  the fact that these pieces are so visible to the driver , passenger or gawker might partially explain the reason why people sometimes think the cars are closer cousins than they are . 
  the reason we carried over these parts of the car was to avoid the onerous development and safety costs associated with passenger safety and airbag testing of a new design . 
  lotus had already successfully designed and tested the interior passenger compartment with the elise and carrying it over made financial sense . 
  the only things the roadster shares with an elise is the windshield , dashboard , front wishbones and a removable soft top . 
  tesla paid lotus to build tesla 's design . 
  you never were not allowed to have car brands . 
  so , three guys in a garage have installed a couple of electric motors in some cars and now they are shit talking tesla ? 
  good luck with that . 
  that is incorrect . 
  its easy and they only hit you with a 2.5 % import fee . 
  you then pay sales tax in the state where you register the car . 
  a child born to an american parent and a german parent acquires both american and german citizenship at birth , regardless of place of birth . 
  neither country requires a person born under these circumstances to choose between american and german citizenship . 
  they may keep both for life . 
  at about ten times the rate of most other car manufacturers . 
  for an auto company its astoundingly good . 
  `` turkish hackers spread the nazi accusations across high profile twitter accounts on wednesday morning , posting pro-erdogan messages and a link to the president speaking from accounts including unicef usa , amnesty international , bbc north america , forbes ** and justin bieber 's japanese account . 
  ** '' lol . 
  plus my passport is taken and registered at every hotel i stay at while in europe . 
  that does n't happen to eu visitors in the us .
