  there are none in the new testament . 
  we were not talking about the thread ? 
  no one stated that people follow the old testament, 
  the bible is full of atrocious teachings . 
  the new testament is not . 
  they were talking about the bible as a whole . 
  thank you very much for introducing me to this beauty . 
  seriously . 
  that 's just younger people getting access to the internet . 
  you can really tell the channels that have a younger audience from the comments . 
  i mean , some people ca n't put up with facebook . 
  i used to hate facebook until they implemented the `` remove from feed '' option . 
  from then on , paradise . 
  just shit i want to see from normal people and normal groups . 
  mean, 
  neo nazis are not necessarily terrorists , jihadists on the other hand . . 
  yeah mcd in italy is not that cheap , unless you go for the shitty burgers . 
  you can get a pizza anywhere for 5 dollars , or just go to sliced pizza place and for 5 dollars you 'll get a huge piece that tastes like paradise, 
  yeah but what the fuck . 
  i get that it 's not illegal to picture a 13 year old in a swimsuit , but it 's just crazy . 
  i 've poked around and i actually think it 's better than the last time i went there . 
  for some reason , there is much less bullshit on the front page . 
  there is an album of a very young girl doing sexy poses in a swimsuit . 
  professionally shot by a photographer . 
  what the fuck . 
  are you triggered ? 
  who the hell said that uk is in cahoots with russia in this sub ? 
  i 've never seen this written anywere . 
  point us to a post/comment ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about lol, 
  what about this ? 
  could you explain ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/6dhgvj/nsa_chief_admits_donald_trump_colluded_with_russia/ i 'm a bit confused . 
  150000 people ? 
  are you sure ? 
  that seems extremely unlikely . 
  the whole centre of my city , rome , holds 100000 at most . 
  you are probably wrong, 
   nope , he created a temporary block on immigration from several muslim-majority countries that were identified as a threat by the state department ( under obama 's administration , may i add ) that 's exactly the problem lol, 
  `` lost its authority '' lol, 
  could , but we do n't have enough data to say it . 
  so it also could n't, 
  wait this is not my opinion , he actually went with an underage prostitute , there is no way around it . 
  the fact that got him out is that he said that he did n't know that she was underage , he never said that he did n't go with her . 
  my former head of state fucked an underage prostitute, 
  i do n't think that the position of power could be used in trial in this case , simply because he did n't choose ruby , someone else choose prostitutes for him and brought them to the parties . 
  let 's hope he does n't !, 
  he is already in pretty bad conditions, 
  so what ? 
  he still went with a underage prostitute , he got out because he has amazing lawyers, 
  he committed a very large number of financial crimes . 
  yeah the quran is terrible . 
  there is no way around it , even the old testament is extremely milder than it . 
  it does n't matter what she looked like . 
  in italy at 14 you can have sex with whoever you want if you consent , but she was being used for prostitution . 
  this means that silvio committed a crime by going with her , regardless of what ruby looked like . 
  lol he 's going to die soon, 
  the day that i 'll die i swear i 'll drink some wine to celebrate . 
   top level ministers like gasparri ? 
  do you want me to keep going ? 
  what the fuck . 
  edit : berlusconi is known for making national laws for his own benefits . 
  he is pure shit , this guy is telling opinions not facts . 
  he was sentenced for many financial crimes , most of which he evaded by making new laws to protect his ass . 
  examples ? 
  he was being charged for false accounting . 
  he literally passed a law that would increase the percentage after which false accounting would be prosecuted . 
  by doing this all of the process for false accounting against him dropped he passed a new financial law that included state pardon to financial evasions . 
  him and mediaset , his biggest company , `` swore '' that they would n't use the law to their advantage . 
  ** guess what , 197 millions in evasions became 35 for mediaset thanks to this law ** there are countless more . 
  i ca n't find an english list or i would share it , it 's embarassing that someone from italy could still support this pig . 
  what he means is that she did n't follow all of the steps that lead you to being a true muslim , the same steps that even a terrorists would follow . 
  there is no way she did that in 3 months , she was looking for an excuse, 
  there is a big difference between banning a social network and banning the biggest site of knowledge in the word , wikipedia . 
  yeah but they can have it without any problem i think , the police i mean . 
  i do n't understand why they have to keep your data for 2 years or where the problem lies in that, 
  sorry i do n't know much about the issue , what 's the problem with that ? 
  i really liked that in the first speech he included even the people who voted against him . 
  that 's how you should rule a country, 
  what ? 
  in his first speech he was completely frozen , now he 's all full of emotions . 
  it 's wonderful imho, 
  wow , this guy really knows how to speak . 
  well of course , your delusion stopped , admirable, 
  / s i hope ? 
  later yes, 
  sure , le pen would 've fixed everything !, 
  sorry , maybe next time, 
  we see how well the change is going in the usa, 
  that 's a pretty bad hacker, 
  that whole thread is unbelievably cringy . . wow . 
  i did n't know that ireland was so christian and conservative at all, 
  what, 
  reeeeeeeeeee, 
  it 's the lowest for macrons too . 
  i would n't state that 60 % of french want macrons if that 's what he will get in the second round . 
  it goes both ways . 
  this slapfight has ended here . 
  40 % of voters may support le pen in the second round , but that 's not the percentage of actual people that would vote for her in the first round , so it doens ' t matter . 
  it 's really not an hard concept , dude,
