  thank god you 'll never run anything in your wonderful country, 
  nice to see italy doing not bad for once, 
  that 's one of the most ignorant opinions i 've ever seen on this sub . 
  great job !, 
  you just proved wrong all the researchers who work in this field !, 
  proof ? 
  well some places are marvelous . . you can choose between famous big beautiful cities like rome or the borghi and more rural areas , depends on what you love the most, 
  well it depends on what your age is i suppose . 
  i can imagine we 're both young-ish and from a bigger city so we can both agree that it would be extremely boring . 
  also that area ( not the borgo ) has 3,5 k people in it . 
  i know some kids my age in trentino in a similar populated area , and they do n't seem too bored , maybe if you 've been living like that since born then it 's not that big of a deal . 
  alcohol abuse also helps . 
  if you have a good job already , then honestly it 's a pretty good life, 
  because there are thousands of places like this in italy, 
  are you completely retarded ? 
  doubt it , the numbers are way too high, 
  yes they have helped, 
  we are coming full circle, 
  literally no one ever said that or imagined that . 
  27 is the temperature my ac is set on at the moment, 
  exactly what i was thinking , mindblowingly german . 
  also tagging user to not waste time , he has stuff to do . 
  wonderful, 
  i never got used to it . . 
  i 'm from rome , a relatively hot city . 
  i can not really fathom going out with 37 celsius out . 
  47 degrees would kill me . 
  3.661 readers lol, 
  well the whole thing is made in ceramic , so you 'd see any residue . 
  maybe some bacterias could be there , but not that many . 
  you use the appropriate bidet towel which is smaller than an hand towel, 
  well , some posts are interesting for sure . 
  like the toilet that comes up from the ground . 
  you simply a minuscule part of the population . 
  not relevant enough to make a change in a company 's mind . 
  you can be rich all you want , you could n't simply keep up with the cleaning and restoring of all of those monuments . 
  there are simply way too many, 
  yeah but good luck trying to fix that . 
  eu governments yes , but the eu government itself much , much less , because they are not centralized to a specific region . 
  because all of the regions would just destroy eachother . 
  ius soli is something so basic that a referendum would be a complete waste . 
  i think it would be more about being in a city or outside a city . 
  yes please, 
  italy it 's not really rich , that 's why we need sponsoring to get the duomo cleaned . 
  you do what you got ta do . 
  it 's not really easy , but i try my best to make it work . 
  here is an awesome youtube video that was linked in the article : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=debkjxji5ia that guy had balls of steel, 
  it 's what i just call sad . 
  i 'm always very open to any idea , fascism or communism , i do n't care . 
  but with those people , you ca n't be open . 
  they do not want to actually do anything that could help . 
  uncensorednews = completely fucking censored , and completely `` alt right '', 
  hey , you know anything about these areas in italy ? 
  i do n't know them and it seems strange that they exist in sweden and not in italy where crime is a bigger problem . 
  maybe in the south ? 
  i 'm from rome and i can only think about roma camps , but they are n't really `` zones '', 
  thing is , if you misbehave and get people hurt several times , expect that someone will crack down hard on you , maybe even more than what you deserve . 
  there is a reason if only football fans have these rules . 
  stadiums here are frequented mostly by poor and uneducated people , that make football a very , very important part of their lives . 
  this mix will always create violence . 
  england here is known for one reason : the supporters did too much shit in the past , so the government got fed up with this shit and started some repressing techniques with heavy police action . 
  it worked in the end . 
  i 'm italian . 
  football is the most important sport ever here . 
  everyone has gone several times in a stadium . 
  everyone knows how violent football fans get because we do not have any of the strict rules other country in europe have . 
  everyone knows that the right wing is very , very present in the ultras movements . 
  everyone knows about the fierce hostility between rome and lazio , about the brawls , about paparelli which stills gets insulted to these days by the other team supporters . 
  paparelli died 40 years ago . 
  everyone knows that violence is extremely present . 
  it 's a downright fact ( http://www.repubblica.it/cronaca/2015/12/19/news/calcio_dati_daspo-129752720/ ) we will never , ever forget heysel . 
  juventus was there . 
  so many italians died that day . 
  it 's disgraceful . 
  all because of a game . 
  since then we had to introduce the daspo , which completely bans certain people from going to sport events , because they could n't behave themselves . 
  of course most of them were given to football supporters . 
  and you dare to say that i do not know what i 'm talking about . 
  really ? 
  ca n't you just admit that football supporters can get very violent ? 
  well those were measures that were put in place because people could n't behave . 
  it was very clear that people were crossing lines for what it 's simply a game . 
  since football fans are very , very violent , they had to be put in line . 
  it 's extremely stupid that we have to waste so much resources for something like this , and people still get killed sometimes . 
  well of course they would n't use police teargas . 
  that could 've killed somebody in a closed environment, 
  do n't see a problem in that . 
  since people ca n't behave in a stadium , you got ta teach them an hard lesson . 
  so read the other link mate, 
  sorry , the printer broke , try again next year, 
  well that was quick, 
  american, 
  `` disable android '' yeah , sure . 
  it works exactly like that . 
  but why ? 
  you know what , i thought worse . 
  3 ( h3g ) has a plan for 30 gb a month at 14 euros a month for 30 months , or 19 euros a month if you want to change before 30 months . 
  but it 's limited to 1gb a day, 
  i 'm not the original person who made this argument and i do not thing that he 's right . 
  i 'm just saying that someone stated that there are no atrocious teachings in the bible , but there are .
