i 'm underage , facebook is not used a lot but everyone checks in it because it 's just a useful tool, 
  probably the same in valle d'aosta , and in alto adige ( sud-tirol ) you study german from the beginning . 
  in italy it 's weird . 
  from the beginning italian and english . 
  from 11 to 13 ( 3 years ) french or spanish , you can choose . 
  from 14 to 19 it depends on the highschool you choose . 
  scientific : italian , english , latin . 
  sometimes latin is left out . 
  classic studies ( classico in italian ) : italian , english , latin , ancient greek linguistic : italian , english , spanish , french or german . 
  there has to be more than this c'mon uk . 
  what ? 
  this is not america , blacks usually do n't get discriminated in court . 
  ohhh i get it now !, 
  sorry what ? 
  brawls are rare in italy 's parliament though, 
  did n't even it fp . 
  not even close . 
  doubt it attracted many people . 
  i wo n't even try to start this argument , i 'll let the downvotes help you to understand . 
  because if a cop stops me and requests to see my id , i have to give it to him even if i 'm not under arrest . 
  it 's not irrelevant at all . 
  i do n't think women wearing burkas can remove their burka if they are under arrest . 
  also sorry , but where do you live ? 
  got it , even another dude said the same thing about high heels . . weird . 
  we 're not talking about the safety of the woman/possible man wearing the burka ( or everything that covers your face , even masks ) , but about the other people around them . 
  exactly . 
  how can you know that it 's not about hiding your identity ? 
  that 's the main concern . 
  that law says that no one can hide their face in public , without an important reason . 
  yeah true but hotdogs are a stretch . 
  i 'm talking about things that really could pose a threat . 
  hiding your identity is not safe for anyone . 
  to me that 's the sweet spot . 
  if they tried to ban hiyab , i 'd personally fight to prevent that , but i 'm okay with burkas or whatever hides their faces . 
  too much imo . 
  just easier to hide that way, 
  so what ? 
  there is no need to wait until a terrorist uses a burqa to understand that it can be a risk, 
  true, 
  but hiding your identity is a risk for other people . 
  you ca n't just say that they are going after that group , because they banned whatever covers faces . 
  everything else is stupid speculation . 
  it 's not safe because people do n't recognize who you are , and police ca n't verify your identity . 
  how do stiletto heels matter in this contest ? 
  did n't get the metaphor, 
  i will repeat myself , this is far from the beginning of a police state . 
  it 's a safety measure taken by the government to stop people from completely hiding their faces . 
  it is n't targeting a group , it 's targeting all of those people that want to hide their faces in public . 
  well it 's not funny and it 's not adding nothing at all . 
  thanks anyway . 
  also turkey is not well seen at all in this sub . 
  well you have to if wearing them poses a danger to the rest of the population . 
  to cover your eyes , not your face . 
  true on the coat though . 
  is this supposed to add something to the topic ? 
  centimeters , american brother , centimeters, 
  i mean , from my understanding burkas are n't related to religion , but to culture . 
  they also are a huge problem with integration ; idk if you realize that with a burka you can barely see this person 's eyes . 
  to me this seems more of a safety concern after the recent attacks , because you could easily be a man under a burka , with an explosive belt or even a rifle . 
  that 's exactly what i meant . 
  also yes they tend to correlate with volcanic activity , but l'aquila is far from the volcano `` vesuvio '' , the earthquake was n't related to volcanos . 
  close to a police state ? 
  that 's completely untrue . 
  it 's a problem to go around with your face covered . 
  also the religion does n't say anything about burkas , it 's a cultural aspect . 
  but do you understand that fully covering your face and going around like that is not safe at all ? 
  they did n't ban hiyab , only burkas . 
  it infact applies to every sort of mask . 
  you ca n't cover your face , what 's so `` police state '' about it ? 
  it seems reasonable to me . 
  i hope that you understand that a scarf covering you and a burka covering you are completely different, 
  that is a bad translation . 
  people really ca n't read . 
  bad translation . 
  are you being ironic or nah ? 
  i 'm ok with taking away burkas if they can still use an hiyab, 
  bad translation !, 
  watch the discussion in the first comment !, 
  yes , but with earthquakes it 's a little bit different , because it 's not zone-limited . 
  kinda , not every coast gets flooded , but that area is known for earthquakes . 
  those houses were supposed to be safe in the first place , they only knew that those houses were n't safe at all after living in there for years . 
  not everybody can move out like that . 
  exactly , but they ca n't just move an entire city . 
  they fucking should build earthquake-proof houses , but corruption is everywhere here . 
  huh that 's what i fucking said ? 
  god damn chill out . 
  because `` l'aquila '' inhabitants know that their houses , built in a high danger zone , are not `` earthquake-proof '' . 
  not their fault of course , but an earthquake is just like a jammed gun , it will fire at some point , and damage will occur . 
  well of course , predicting an earthquake is not easy at all . 
  well , then make the `` religion '' hour completely unbiased , hard to do though . . 
  here they both did catcholicism in school and then catechism after school . . 
  they 're not ? 
  i thought they were , i think it 's what the other guy is referring to . 
  here in italy they teach you catholicism when you 're younger , and the other religions briefly when you 're older . 
  but how much is that enforced ? 
  fascism and neo-nazism is still present in eu ... 
  that 's an utopia though , because your parents will influence a kid religion . 
  with that logic , you should ban ideals , and let the kid figure it out by themselves , which would be great , but impossible . 
  they should just be taught the most common religions , and let them figure out what they believe in when they grow older imo, 
  well religion should be studied in history classes , but there should n't be a class for a specific religion imo .
