  yeah i figured it was the flag of the second republic , but did n't quite get the meaning of it . 
  i find it interesting how that flag is usable as a flair in this sub ; thanks for the response !, 
  sorry , out of topic , but why is your spain flag like that ? 
  well we 're directly bombing the is capital , it 's way different . 
  fuck this . 
  sorry but c'mon , you think hillary was a better choice ? 
  i bet my ass trump wo n't do anything of the crazy things he said . 
  hillary instead would 've done all the thing she has n't said . . 
  that 's extremely strange . 
  mafia presence in southern italy is known , but things like this really do n't happen, 
  that 's fucking expensive, 
  if anything brexit is much less popular . 
  most of the british seem scared by it, 
  less cancer usually, 
  but in the middle ages it was used as a tool way way more . 
  i do n't think it 's really * just * a tool , but it surely was used as one in the middle ages . 
  ahah so fun xd, 
  your whole argument is shit lol , goodbye, 
  they ca n't exist because eu laws would classify working in those conditions as terrible and stop it all together . 
  which do n't exist and wo n't exist in the future , because no one wants to work with a mask on and also it 's ellegal, 
  but once you smoke 1-3 cigarettes a day everyday , you 'll surely start craving more and end up quickly at a pack a day, 
  it may be . 
  i understand that smoking pubs should be allowed , but that would require a huge change of the legislation in 99 % of the eu countries, 
  the bartender can wear a mask ? 
  seriously ? 
  lol, 
  i do n't consider it fraud . 
  law considers it fraud lol . 
  unbanning would be stupid because no one cares about smokers enough , and that would probably increase smoking . 
  maybe not , but maybe yes and no one wants to take chances . 
  but it 's already banned , unbanning it would just be stupid . 
  also if i remember correctly restaurants are considered public places , so you 'd have to change the laws about that too . 
  if you then change them to private places , you could do many illegal things in that restaurants . 
  it 's a loophole really , that 's why in italy when they want to create a bar where you can smoke , they call it a `` cultural association '' and then they can do what they want . 
  it 's fraud of course . 
  i ca n't believe you are actually that stupid . 
  good job . 
  so in your country people who work in toxic areas do n't use a mask ? 
  also a bartender who works in a smoking bar surely smokes too since he 'll quickly get dependent , so not only he 'll smoke , but he 'll have also to breathe for hours in a room full of smoke . 
  thank god you 're not a president , and let 's hope you 'll never be . 
  it would just promote smoking . 
  better to not have them , walk out if you need to smoke, 
  you ca n't compare being forced to breathe smoke to using muscles to carry things . 
  lol what the actual fuck, 
  no it would n't . 
  you could live without cigarettes , it 's a stress release only now that you 're dependent . 
  i do n't get the tomato reference, 
  that 's brutal, 
  and postdoctoral bursaries pay 3000 a month in germany ? 
  the same job pays 3x more ? 
  sorry but 1000 euros a month is what a waiter gets , how can that be so low ? 
  thanks a lot for the explanation , it 's really fascinating, 
  but it 's crazy how low it gets , how it stops going down and how it goes back up . 
  i ca n't see a way of doing this without crazy skill if not with autopilot, 
  maybe fewer hours could catch a fire before it starts to get huge , but then again we 'd just have to get 10 planes in novgrod and other 10 in like france and every country would be covered in a few hours . 
  it would also show some collaboration , which is extremely needed right now, 
  but then you have to limit the activity of this fleet to western russia or the planes might take too long to respond, 
  is n't there a treaty exactly for this ? 
  i think there is, 
  that 's different . 
  that 's a plausible answer , you do n't want other countries planes in your military bases like that . 
  but the spy planes and nuke dropping , now that was a bullshti answer, 
  man that looks sooooo dangerous . 
  the pilots must be extremely good , that 's much harder to fly any commercial plane, 
  i went to greece a week ago . 
  in the countries . 
  the roads are so fucking spotless , perfect long roads without a hole that stretch for miles in the middle of literally nothing . 
  i went to methana . 
  man is that place empty and not optimized for tourism , but it could bring so much high level tourism there , it 's even near athene , but no one goes there to improve the situation it 's weird . 
  also there were a ton of unfinished houses or hotels , they were everywhere , skeletons of concrete , some where huge and some where small . 
  all we could figure is that the government tried to do what i was writing before and improve the place and subsidize construction , and then ran out of money so everyone just stopped and left . 
  is that right ? 
  100 years ago this was common in italy too , which does n't have any association with islam at all . 
  it 's cultural, 
  i just ca n't understand how this can happen in 2016 without people revolting, 
  are turkey people ok with what erdogan is doing ? 
  is he really cleaning the country by kicking out tons of people from their position and arresting many others ? 
  not clear to me . 
  please, 
  there you go , i 'm italian so sorry you 're just plain wrong . 
  not all of them , but i 'd say those who were killing soldiers in horrible ways yeah , they probably are affiliated with that shit, 
  i 'm with you on this one . 
  i really hope someone slit his throat before giving him to the people to lynch . 
  that would be a terrible way to die , killed by angry radical islamists, 
  destroyed the quality though, 
  the other guy made me understand . 
  i was focusing on the gland and putting apart the foreskin , probably since i did lose sensitivity there so it 's nothing to me . 
  you are completely right . 
  i did not realize at all that you could lose sensitivity on the foreskin and was only focusing on the gland . 
  thank you for opening up my mind . 
  then how can be studies be so controversial ? 
  you are talking about it like you know it all , but people who actually know shit about it could n't still figure this out , so it 's clearly not as simple as you make it to be, 
  yeah i masturbate by using my skin over my gland , thought it was normal , how do uncut people do it ? 
  also you 're making me think about my statements . 
  i did not lose sensitivity but my gland is ok with scrubbing with my underwear all the time , which means it must have lost some sensitivity . 
  idk about this actually , that 's probably why studies ca n't come to an agreement , it 's pretty hard stuff, 
  we are on reddit . 
  everytime an argument like this blows up , tons of people who know nothing about this come in and comment . 
  often the theme of sensitivity , where even studies could n't come to an agreement , is used to promote anti-circumcision but it 's just bullshit . 
  circumcision should n't be done because you ca n't do that to a children , not because there is a chance to lose some sensitivity .
