  no , i said that the surgery did n't change my sensitivity during masturbation at all . 
  studies support that most of people do n't have a change in sensitivity at all , it 's like that and do n't talk if you do n't know how it works . 
  i can tell you that masturbation felt the same , had the surgery for medical reasons in my teen years, 
  yes but not worth it . 
  saying this as a circumcised man, 
  but that 's not the only problem that leads to medical circumcision, 
  but studies and my personal experience did n't show a change . 
  can it happen ? 
  yes , but not every time . 
  should circumcision be applied to children without medical reasons ? 
  absolutely not . 
  i 'm against circumcision for non medical reasons . 
  but i was circumcised in my teen years for a medical problem . 
  i did not find a difference on the feeling of masturbation . 
  you do not masturbate like you said when you are circumcised , atleast from what i understood since it 's confusing to imagine . 
  that 's exactly what i wanted to say . 
  even if you start patting down everyone , the bomber can just detonate himself in the line and no one will stop him . 
  security ca n't do anything , it 's all about the secret services, 
  pat you down of course , search you absolutely not . 
  if you put a smoke bomb in your crotch no one will find it . 
  that 's how they always get smoke bombs through , imagine replacing the smoke bomb with an highly explosive mix ( idk about explosives sorry ) and detonating it in the middle of a huge crowd . 
  tons of death , even more deaths from the resulting panic, 
  it 's all about the secret services honestly , there is no way even the best security can stop you from detonating a sucide bomb , they 'd have to search everyone that wants to see the match, 
  . . a nice atmosphere of security, 
  still it 's common to find some sort of security at the entrance , i think it would n't harm anyone and could improve security, 
  i was talking in general , look at the food industry, 
  exactly . . 
  but there were several europe plans before in every carrier . 
  and yeah , free market is heavily regulated in europe to protect the consumers , just look at the food market and the differences between eu and us . 
  here in italy they are the same, 
  exactly . 
  everyone should remember how tight eu regulations are for the customer . 
  in the us , those regulations do not exist just to make more profit as a company, 
  we have a problem with creeping fascism , but i doubt anyone would say `` give it some time '', 
  we could say that about anything . 
  truth is , normal islam exist . 
  why is this getting downvoted ? 
  it 's important for europe . 
  indonesia ? 
  life tip from someone who goes around reddit trying to change the word ? 
  lol, 
  dude , you are being downvoted everywhere , i could n't care less about you blocking me seriously . 
  where are you from ? 
  might have a guess, 
  why should i, 
  they are all real pictures, 
  well those are plants that need more maintenance costs because those appartements are for rich people , but much cheaper to maintain plants could be used instead . 
  also i would n't say that watering plants is wasting water in any way, 
  you are insufferable . 
  your whole comment history is just an hissy fit , damn, 
  no they wo n't pay more at all . 
  that would be a great way to lose all of your costumers , check in two years and you 'll see that prices have n't risen up, 
  i assumed he was talking about the very large buildings that constructions build by bribing the local governments and then sell to above average earning people . 
  it was common in italy , so probably the same for greece, 
  that 's not an excuse to let rich people build those horrific things . 
  every major city in the eu has strict regulations on that sort of buildings, 
  also , if you are talking about those constructions around the rural areas that are n't finished already , yes those are fully because of recession . 
  very sad to see , they look very bad, 
  milan would be interesting since rome is much further into italy, 
  it costs 2 euros , what do you expect, 
  i mean they are not using 100 % olive oil or pine nuts , but they are n't using anything dangerous . 
  it 's not true pesto, 
  actually , if you reasearch a bit , barilla pesto is perfectly fine . 
  they do not use pine nuts though , they use cashew instead . 
  approved by an italian like me, 
  i love how you are all acting like you know everything about this technology because you read two articles on the internet . 
  do n't you think that the scientist that are paid to work on this matter know better than you ? 
  as stated before , smuggling yourself in the country costs much more than the premium they are willing to pay to make them leave, 
  i 'm out of the loop please help me understand, 
  do n't you have `` black blocks '' there ? 
  like people who just want to fuck shit up because they think it 's fun ? 
  we have them in italy , usually associated with the notav movement , they fuck shit up for fun and because they are against the government, 
  and where is the proof that they sent those people in for a reason and they did n't just want to fuck things up ? 
  well if you have a mask on . . good luck on following every group that changes path, 
  well what are they going to do ? 
  break up a demonstration to get everyone that is covering their faces ? 
  that would be stupid, 
  ok , goodbye again !, 
  ok , goodbye again !, 
  yyyyeeeeahh . . ok . . no wonder you play warframe . 
  goodbye again !, 
  sorry i do n't have to prove that they exist , you can use google for that !, 
  goodbye, 
  so what ? 
  he said that tax heavens do n't really work , but they do, 
  but it gets upvotes !, 
  switzerland ? 
  vape nation, 
  he 's already done for , he took power in a terrible moment for italy and he knew that he would never get re-elected by the people ( we never voted for him in the first place ) . 
  he does n't have much to lose really . 
  well i was fooling around , as you see i did n't insult you or nothing, 
  well it just appeared , i think it 's a time limit, 
  oh boy that 's a bold statement, 
  i hate spanish food . 
  i only like patatas bravas , thats it, 
  * culinary map of europe according to the truth beside that , greek food is pretty good so i 'll give them a pass, 
  you can , but that 's not the best way to do it . 
  burning plastics and recreating them from scratch requires more energy than just recycling it the common way . 
  search it up on the internet and you 'll see, 
  your country recycles a ton and uses what it ca n't recycle to get power , that 's different from what you said .
