  is there some type of universal whiteness scale i do n't know about ? 
  he looks mixed race to me . 
   if you looked at the dude , you would n't even know he was half-asian . 
  really ? 
   i do n't say he identified as white , i said that he would easily pass as white and that he was a white supremacist . 
  you said , `` for harper-mercer , the only indication is a `` mixed race '' on his dating profile . '', 
  implying that 's somehow not conclusive evidence he did not identify as white . 
  like a i said above , his manifesto showed `` animosity towards black men '' i do n't see how that makes him a white supremacist . 
  as a person of mixed race it 's entirely possible he felt animosity towards black men because he did not feel accepted by them as being a `` real '' black person . 
  even during obama 's 2008 campaign there were people claiming he was n't `` really '' black , because he 's not african american , and half white . 
   most people do n't even know that the ira was - in part - marxist . 
  he apparently spent most of his time alone on the internet , surely he could read their wikipedia page ? 
  plus , the loyalist camp in northern ireland has been associated with white supremacism itself . 
  a few months ago some loyalist morons hung a confederate flag outside the home of a black family in ni . 
  i believe dianne abbot once claimed loyalism is thoroughly tied with white supremacism . 
  it makes no sense for a white supremacist to support the ira . 
   yes , that is sort of the point . 
  people who are mixed race by strict definition can easily be white supremacists they can also be racist against whites , if you want to subject yourself to this lunacy , visit \\ r \\ asianmasculinity . 
  it 's basically theredpill for asians and `` hapas '' ( mixed race asians ) who loathe whites and interracial relationships in general . 
   the inherent issue is still a racist idea of `` whiteness '' , whether people fully identify as white or not . 
  i do n't see how the issue of whiteness is relevant to these specific mass shootings . 
  like you said , the idea that society and women hated elliot rogers because he was mixed race was part of his delusion . 
  whether or not the oregon shooter was a white supremacist does n't seem relevant seeing how he shot random white people . 
  contrast him with dylan roof , an explicit white supremacist who murdered black people simply for being black . 
   those numbers do n't even remotely match , especially when including gender . 
  men commit the vast majority of violent crime in the us , with 90.5 % of murders being men . 
  [ white and black men are actually not over represented when it comes to mass shootings , asians are . 
  ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2015/06/27/us/mass-shootings/ )  `` if you look at the whole list , it turns out that whites and blacks are pretty proportionate to their population , very close , '' said dave cullen , author of the book `` columbine , '' which tells the story of the 1999 massacre at columbine high school in littleton , colorado . 
  harris and klebold , the shooters there , were white . 
   historically , latinos and asians have been the exception . 
   the virginia tech massacre was carried out by seung-hui cho , who was born in south korea . 
   `` latinos are almost nowhere to be seen , '' cullen told cnn 's `` new day . '', 
  `` asians continue to be heavily overrepresented -- more than 2 1/2 times their size in the population . '', 
   whites make up about 63 % of the u.s. population , blacks 13 % , and asians 5 % , according to the latest census numbers . 
  latinos account for some 17 % of the total population . 
  [ outlier compared to who ? 
  ] ( http://static2.businessinsider.com/image/5384d19069beddaf73dfdb95-960/oecd-obesity.jpg ), 
  ayyyyyyy, 
  now i 'm imagining a polanball comic where a bunch of countries are having a girly sleep over and one says `` let 's compare peaks ! '', 
  denmark excuses herself to the bathroom and quietly sobs , wondering why her tectonic cycle has n't started yet , giving her peaks like all the other countries . 
  if he existed he 'd probably get tasked with tracking down people who make offensive comments on twitter . 
  xaxaxaxaxa that is spirit !, 
  `` i just want a fairer skinned europe . '', 
  - jeremy ` stop the war , gas the jews ' corbyn , 2015, 
  really ? 
  seems like it bombed . 
  they landed on `` merkel 's chest '' and got a get out of jail free card . 
  he tried to stump the trump . 
  what ? 
  i was clearly talking about russia and belarus . 
  based mountain jew , what 's it like having real democracy ? 
  it 's pretty clearly meant to imply eu = yurop , even though the two best countries in yurop are n't in the eu . 
   oh ... ohhh that butthurt you 're the one who has to co-op a symbol of * british * nationalism onto a eu federalist meme . 
   til that european mps are literally slave owners yeah m8 the song is literally talking about british people being sold into slavery . 
  exactly , he is the epitome of british internationalism , british chauvinism , british patriotism , british toughness , british whatever-ness , he * is * british . 
  james bond goes around the world at the drop of a hat for her majesty 's secret service , risking life and limb for king and country . 
  his orders come from london , not brussels , his cars from gaydon , not stuttgart , his money in pounds , not euros . 
  he is the orphaned son of a scotsman and swiss woman , his only surviving loved one is the nation he serves . 
  why in god 's name would james bond ever want to see his country 's sovereignty handed away to accountants in belgium ? 
  britons will never be slaves and james bond will never be a symbol of your silly euro supranationalism . 
  james bond being on that does n't make any sense to me . 
  why are you feeding the troll ? 
  no , only if you prestige enough to join the special forces . 
  they teach you how to 360 and drop shot in the army ? 
  so why bother commenting ? 
  it 's like thinking we 're fighting national socialism by calling them nazis , because nazi was originally a derogatory term . 
  i do n't think they care anymore . 
  of course comrade , workers of the world unite !, 
  we should n't call the islamic state the islamic state because that would imply they 're an islamic state . 
  the country that builds volvo 's . 
  they 've already been fucked up , that 's why they 're still in russia . 
  i was not equating the actions themselves , but comparing how they are politicized . 
   those people all pass as white by any measure . 
  mixed race people in the us have never been considered white . 
  just like in south africa and latin america , they 're `` coloreds '' and `` mulattoes , '' in the us they 're black . 
  if the oregon shooter was white , so is barack obama . 
   elliot rodger was actively obsessed over thinking himself to `` not be white enough '' yes , he hated the fact that he was half asian , that society did not consider him to be white . 
   and a huge racist . 
  that does n't make him white ... ? 
   for harper-mercer , the only indication is a `` mixed race '' on his dating profile the only indication is the fact that he self-identified as mixed race , i do n't understand what more you need to know . 
  why would he lie about his own race on a dating profile ? 
  if he identified as white and was a white supremacist why would n't he put white on his profile ? 
   yet he is also confirmed to have been a white supremacist . 
  he was reported to have `` white supremacist leanings '' because the police said that his manifesto contained `` animosity towards black men . '', 
  as far as i know they never released his ramblings to the public , ca n't say i object either . 
  the media also reported he was an ira supporter , which was an explicitly marxist organization . 
  how you can be a marxist , white supremacist , republican is beyond me . 
  what is clear is that the kid was disturbed . 
  if he was a white supremacist , it would n't make any sense for him to identify as white , as part of white supremacy is being against interracial relationships and believing that once white people mix with non-whites they cease to be white . 
  his victims were mostly white , so i do n't see how his white supremacism is even relevant as a motive . 
   fort hood he was a palestinian muslim , are palestinians not `` people of color ? '', 
   i implied that there is such a clear imbalance when it comes to mass shootings the article i linked you points out that this stereotype is not true at all , it 's a stereotype . 
  if white people make up the majority of mass shooters , it 's because we make up the majority of the us population . 
   otherwise they would n't have been so quick to try to label the planned parenthood shooter as transgender they were grasping at straws to make him a member of `` the other . '', 
  as most of these anti-abortion activists are conservative christians , they 'd never consider a transgender person to be a good , fellow christian . 
  are you feeling it now mr krabs ? 
   as long as there is no certainty or putting the dutch people 's interest before the migrants , then there will always be groups that lash out violently . 
  you 're doing exactly what i said , you 're trying to justify these people 's actions . 
  if the dutch government was putting the interest if migrants before its citizens , they would be taking in far more migrants . 
  no , they die on turkish beaches .
