  what about pedos ? 
  breaking news : the children of france have gone on strike to protest the eu 's absurd suggestion to let other families into the park at the same price their parents paid . 
  the stereotype is they 're antisocial drunks who stab people . 
  i do n't know where it comes from , but it 's what i see on lithuaniaspheres . 
  it 's a stereotype ... 
  yeah , but if you 're stuck around 100 fins you 're likely to get stabbed , where as californians will just try and get you to join crossfit or stop eating gluten . 
  to victoria ii players , that province that makes a shit ton of money off precious metal mining . 
  [ i once annexed it as gran colombia , because why not ? 
  he was asking her to loan them some rocket scientists . 
  if you 're so good at geography , why do you have a merchant marine ? 
  someone stole his fleg . 
   it 's not about starting some sort of a war with berlin phew , was worried there for a second . 
  also , in that [ photo of merkel ] ( http://g8fip1kplyr33r3krz5b97d1.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/gettyimages-72297742-714x474.jpg ) it looks like she 's thinking , `` ugh , i 'm so tired of your shit poland . '', 
  [ russiatoday reporting on the facts ^ tm live from baltimore during the riots . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fd2ibw7wrvs ), 
  first they came for the wankers ... 
  can the danes let sweden win anything ? 
  oh dear , it appears the entire nation of france has just gone on strike . 
  well there 's always next year . 
  how were the germans able to conquer poland so quickly ? 
  they walked backwards so the poles thought they were leaving . 
  yeah , but most of the content in that sub involves terrorists , do you want this sub to devolve into nonstop discussion of terrorism ? 
  i like how the article switches from calling them refugees to migrants , like they 're the same thing . 
  i mean , putin 's a dick , but i 'd never subject him to being anywhere near new york sports fans of any variety . 
  so the faroe islands make fun of france too !, 
  you must be new here ... 
  russia initially covered up and lied to the world about the chernobyl disaster . 
  thus , i think we should let the ukrainians blow up a nuclear reactor on the russian border with some giant fans to blow the fallout towards moscow , it 's only fair . 
  but that 's just conservatism . 
  do the swiss have their own gestapo/stasi/kgb ? 
  i 've never seen swiss people here complain about their government invading their privacy . 
  ukip is more nationalist than sinn fein ? 
  plaid cymru is the welsh independence party , but from this chart you would n't guess they 're nationalist at all . 
  that chart is basically worthless . 
  if you take the test they offer , as long as you 're not a literal nazi you 'll get put in the lower left hand quadrant . 
  i was put between nelson mandela and gandhi , so according to these placements , i 'm a greeny . 
  i 've yet to see a political quiz on reddit that is worth anything , before the british elections there was a `` where do you stand '' quiz posted here , and everyone was getting libdems . 
  of course , they got rekt in the election . 
  i took the one for the us and got 98 % bernie sanders , even though i really do n't see myself voting for him . 
  humorously , i took the quiz as if i was literally hitler and got  90 % rick santorum . 
  so switzerland is an `` incredibly authoritarian '' country ? 
  or any country that has stricter immigration controls than the uk ? 
   no eu no eu if the british people vote to leave in a referendum . 
  excuse me , [ i think you 're mansplaining . 
  bloody neutrons , coming ova here , splitting our nuclei , giving us cheap , fossil fuel free electricity ... 
  they want an eu referendum and stricter immigration controls , how is that authoritarian ? 
  so does fn want to leave the eu outright or have a national referendum on membership ? 
  i had this discussion before with a french person here and he said no because they lack the philosophical underpinnings of fascism . 
  but it seems to me like their whole bag is the idea that france has been put down and muzzled by the eu/eurozone , and that if you left , france would `` regain her rightful place '' as a world power . 
  to me , that seems almost identical to nazi rhetoric about the third reich and the italian fascists wet dream of resurrecting the glory of the roman empire . 
  do you think fn should be called fascist ? 
  sharing is caring , 
  tea party - christian zealots pretending to be libertarians . 
  libertarian party - hodge podge of various libertarians , including ancaps . 
  communist party usa - ex soviet puppets . 
  all 4 of them ? 
  how is ukip more authoritarian than the conservatives and labour ... ? 
  should have just let him join the legion . 
  wow , he was killed for banter . 
  no that 's canada and they 're seals . 
  taliban and the mujahadeen are not the same thing . 
  but it 's a reddit meme now so who cares about facts . 
  did they ask to measure your skull ? 
  no more strikes , only work . 
  in victoria 2 vickymod there is an oppressed flemish minority in picardie . 
  if you dismantle france as belgium you get most of the region , and neighboring champagne as cores . 
  `` sprinkle some lucky charms on him , good work cadet . 
  now off to the pub . '', 
  the british are coming , to liberate you from the brown people . 
   while many countries see the military getting involved in civilian affairs a bad thing our military is largely seen as helpful and is welcome to lend a hand . 
  would the irish agree ? 
  the queen heard that ... you 're on a list now . 
  the french really should have seen this coming , that was english clay for a long time . 
  so we got the rocket scientists and a beautiful ship . 
  what did the british get ? 
  they 're into that kind of stuff . 
  [ well they tried . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_race#nazi_nordicism ), 
  you 'll let finland into scandinavia , but not eesti into nordic ? 
  you guys are such jerks . 
  uh , i think finland did ok for itself in wwii . 
  fn would call for restoration of the monarchy , with him as king . 
  yea , but he 's a gypsy so why care ? 
  neither should be accepted , the death of the lion or millions of dollars in aid we give to the country . 
  in protest , zimbabwe should decline all american aid sent to the country . 
  he 's mad cause they have n't had their `` virginity checks . '', 
  you wan na buy some ocean front property in switzerland ? 
  i 'm selling . 
  they pop out of nowhere and throw money at you , it 's very demoralizing for occupiers . 
  i ca n't tell if you genuinely think i was being serious , or you 're implying russians were all prisoners of the soviets . 
  if it 's the latter , why do n't you ask your fellow russians ? 
  as polls indicate a significant portion view stalin positively . 
  true , i think that 's why holocaust jokes are so un controversial in this sub , the only people who would get offended are dead , or have emigrated to israel and america . 
  but on a more serious note , how do you think siberia became part of russia ? 
  they politely asked the locals to join their country ? 
  [ nah ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_conquest_of_siberia ), 
  does n't every government have its own eminent domain laws ? 
  does n't get a joke about mass deportation by the soviets ? 
  flair checks out . 
  it 's where they keep all the ughly people .
