  hence , national socialists . 
  except that 's not why they called themselves socialists , at all . 
  the notion that you ca n't buy ammo in switzerland is a myth perpetuated by american anti-gun activists . 
  [ here is a nice infographic made by a swiss redditor on their gun laws . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dzkebb7.jpg ) also , from what i 've been told , conscription is a joke in switzerland and very easy to get out of . 
  you have been banned from / r/unitedkingdom . 
  damn swiss exceptionalism !, 
  the continent is n't good enough for you eh ? 
  dustbin of history . 
  could you point out where i said they are a political force ? 
  so / r/europe is upvotting a nazi conspiritard story about a jewish novelist/ideologue ? 
  color me surprised !, 
  uh , i think you 're misinterpreting my comment . 
  i was pointing out that the far-left supports a policy also propogated by the people they hate the most . 
  the ayn rand institute is a private entity funded by her cult followers . 
  she was a proponent of open borders . 
  i 've had to point out before on this subreddit that it 's the `` neoliberals '' the european far left likes to drone on about who want open borders . 
  anything for the fine folks at british petroleum . 
  those dastardly americans , not letting saddam annex kuwait . 
  corbyn is love , corbyn is life . 
  swedes talk on facebook in english ? 
  odd . 
   can you remember the last white people we bombed ? 
  was not aware people still think slav 's are not white . 
  progress stops for no one , reactionary trash like yourself must be swept from our streets . 
  you are on the wrong side of history , and the wrong side of the road . 
  he 's salty cause someone found his train . 
  i 'll foking bash yer ` ead in m8 drive ona right side the road, 
  nazism is a type of fascism , the socialism in national socialism refers to the german community , the volk . 
  it has nothing to do with anti-capitalist socialism . 
  fascism does not exist on the left right political spectrum , it was explicitly created to be beyond it . 
  the nazis were anti capitalist insofar as opposing liberalism . 
  they did not want to outlaw markets , private property , etc. 
  they did want a classless society but not in the marxist sense . 
   what would americans answer these and would they differ from europeans ? 
  europe is n't a country so that question is pretty meaningless . 
  unless you answer this survey like hitler you 're gon na get put in the `` left libertarian '' quadrant . 
  http://puu.sh/jzjvh/8f81b5fc65.png i 've never seen one of these tests that 's actually useful . 
  edit : so i answered every question like i was hitler , [ sorta makes sense ] ( http://puu.sh/jzkn6/1a64f20a69.png ) . 
  inb4 `` hitler was a socialist ! , '' `` nazism is leftwing . '', 
  because new yorkers suck ? 
  this might be a stupid question , but if they 're refugees , why are they supposed to integrate ? 
  ironically , so did karl marx . 
  why christian ... ? 
  put them in boarding schools and destroy their culture ? 
  whoops , that 's natives . 
  he 'll ride a bentley around europe , exposing himself to the evils of socialism . 
  this is n't your average everyday irony , this is ... advanced irony . 
  baltic union in 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... 
  at least the migrants did n't just walk around it . 
  so has this migrant crisis altered your views on the eu in any way ? 
  what exactly does mr. corbyn think putting osama on trial would have accomplished ? 
  does he think jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams ? 
  shut it down !, 
  no option for anarcho-stalinist with trotskyist leanings , this survey is bull . 
  i feel so bad for norwegians . 
  i thought you were welsh ? 
  for a time you had the welsh flag as flair . 
  you 're telling me they are n't all hot syrian girls ? 
  could someone explain the joke to a monolingual savage like myself ? 
  maybe they 're in the lost train !, 
  there will be calls to boycott british products , kick out any tourists , and burn the union jack ( recorded via an iphone with union jack case ) . 
  maybe they 'll ask merkel to let british eu federalists apply for asylum . 
  i was referring to your statement , what would happen if merkel went on record saying israel is an existential threat to palestinians and is committing genocide ? 
  how fast would israel order her head on a platter ? 
  literally a nazi . 
  are you really suggesting the british people do n't care about pedo politicians ? 
  this subreddit would have a catastrophic meltdown if the uk voted to leave . 
  really doubt he 's being serious . 
  what would happen to merkel if she came out and said that ? 
  europe needs to ask itself , when faced with this horde of refugees , `` what would nietzsche do ? '', 
  edit : did that really need an / s, 
  true , but i ca n't recall the last time i saw a pole blow himself up in the name of jan pawel . 
  i never said it was n't , i was just curious why you would ask `` why would it be the west 's responsibility to protect them [ eastern europeans ] '' in a thread about protecting refugees . 
  the refugees should be sent to western europe and the us , it 's pointless to send them to eastern europe , they will just leave immediately . 
  why is it the west 's responsibility to protect these refugees ? 
  in the case of poland , britain and france promised to invade germany and instead sat on the border and twiddled their thumbs . 
  it was the west that abandoned them in the first place ... 
   but steered many nations off course what does that even mean ? 
  when they find the nazi armored train , put it into service carrying passengers . 
  who 's gon na shoot up an armored train ? 
  got ta give the native british girls a chance , right ? 
  kek, 
   so we will be way over 1kk 1kkk ? 
  [ [ f ] -22 , first time posting , a little shy . 
  / r/not _ a_polandball_comic, 
  it 's a teenage girl thing , i was in high school when the royal wedding happened , and a bunch of girls at my school had a slumber party and stayed up all night to watch it . 
  i know this because they were all talking about it in school the next day . 
  from what i 've read it 's the same way in britain , only schoolgirls and pensioners care about the royals . 
  there are no brakes on this hype train . 
   she loves to read about the royal family in the press oh my god , your mother is american . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  poland finds hidden nazi armored train . 
  russia recommissions their soviet armored trains . 
  wwiii confirmed . 
  it will end up in switzerland either way . 
  * finally * we 'll have proof the holocaust actually happened !, 
  fuck , they better watch out for zombies . 
  browsing this sub you 'd think basically nothing happens in europe outside of the uk , france , italy , germany , and greece . 
  i do n't think most americans know that happened .
