   dozens of firearms including ak-47 assault rifles and grenade launchers what the fuck were they gon na do with grenade launchers ? 
  where in that comment is he justifying anything america does ... ? 
  you do n't technically have to be a state for the laws of war to apply , international humanitarian law applies to both international armed conflict ( between two states ) and non-international armed conflict ( between a state and an armed group ) . 
  i do n't know if al-qaeda falls under the latter , apparently the requirements are that the armed group , `` has a military-like formation with a certain level of organization and command structure . '', 
  i would say that al-qaeda fits that description . 
  the fact that the united nations did not condemn the killing seems to imply it was n't unjust . 
  is al-qaeda not at war with basically everyone ? 
  the nuremberg trials were also widely criticized at the time for being a sham , but no one cares nowadays because they were nazis . 
  `` we need to teach children to think critically , unless they arrive at conclusions we disagree with . '', 
  what on earth does killing osama bin laden have to do with isis , an organization that rose from the ashes of the chaos in syria ? 
  and adolf hitler `` just took credit for some dead jews '' amirite ? 
  should the allies have not assassinated high ranking nazis during wwii and instead given them `` due process ? '', 
  should we demand the british government pay reparations to the children of reinhard hydrich for their * completely unjust * and brutal assassination of that poor innocent man who was not given his due time in court ? 
  that 's such a laughable simplification . 
  he was the leader of the most infamous terrorist organization in the world , responsible for the deaths of thousands of people from various countries and of all different belief systems . 
  he dedicated his life to waging war on any and all who disagreed with his extremist interpretation of islam . 
  leave a strongly worded letter on his doorstep , asking osama to turn himself in . 
  are you , or have you ever been , an aborigine ? 
  there will always be stupid people . 
  what the hell did i just watch ? 
  economists support open borders for skilled immigrants . 
  why do you assume all these immigrants are criminals ? 
  they captured the only two men in russia who ca n't handle booze and pumped them full of vodka !, 
  this might be a stupid question , but would spetsnaz operatives really just give up who they are ? 
  i know american special forces soldiers are put through training to resist torture and interrogation , i 'm sure the same happens in russia ? 
  those are just plastic souvenirs , sold to tourists in crimea . 
  nothing to see here , citizen . 
  ^ this guy gets it . 
  there 's a sticker on the parking brake that says , `` pull in case poland is invaded . '', 
  i give up !, 
   do we though ? 
  i do n't think so , not today . 
  there is no stigma anymore , there has n't been one since quite some time . 
  because the germans make no attempts to deny/lessen/cover up their history . 
  they 're busy looking to the future , where as russia seems to be reveling in the past . 
  you can see this when russians claim the situation in ukraine is because the eu is meddling in their sphere of influence . 
  what sphere of influence ? 
  russia is n't a super power anymore , eastern europe does not belong to them . 
  if eastern europe belongs to anyone , it 's the eu . 
   and yes , to this day some british rejoice at the thought of the glorious empire . 
  some pensioners might , but i doubt you 'll find many young british people bitter about the empire . 
  pure cancer . 
  i would n't know that feeling , we americans are never the target of unoriginal humor on the internet . 
  \\  political balls, 
  he 'd sink like ed stone . 
  it 's just banter m8, 
  it 's a joke m8 , no need to get salty . 
   yes , russia , and everybody else celebrated it . 
  where were the military parades in the uk ? 
  in the us ? 
  when they celebrate it in the uk , do they rejoice in nostalgia for the british empire that subjugated and starved millions of indians ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  do you understand how eastern europeans , germans , poles , estonians , etc. 
  could be disgusted when they watch these russian parades full of communist symbolism ? 
  when they read articles about how a significant portion of russians still view stalin positively ? 
  when the russians act like liberators and not occupiers ? 
   no , russia did not subjugated millions of europeans . 
  communism did . 
  stalin was a fucking georgian . 
  what mattered was the oppresive nature of communist regimes . 
  causesku ? 
  not russians . 
  and do n't tell me that russians themselves were somehow free in ussr . 
  this is one of those questions that has no answer , how do we assign blame to germans for nazism ? 
  to russians for the soviet union ? 
  we can go on one extreme of the spectrum and say they all deserve blame , or the opposite end and say `` they were the first victims . '', 
  the reality is somewhere in the middle . 
  stalin being georgian is about as relevant in this discussion as hitler being austrian . 
  it was under stalin where russification of minorities in the soviet union began . 
   lenin did n't destroy russia 's economy in the slightest [ so they printed 176,505,500 billion rubles on accident ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hyperinflation_in_early_soviet_russia#total_rubles_of_paper_money_issued_by_year )  he brought electricity to almost every village in the union , that could n't have been done by a pro-capitalist regime ? 
   lenin emancipated the working class , for the first time peasant kids could go to school for free , learn to read and write and have all the job possibilities that anyone else had . 
  there was n't much of a working class to emancipate in early 19th century russia , they were still a largely agrarian society . 
  the only thing they emancipated from the peasants was their grain reserves . 
   lenin legalised homosexuality , the first nation in europe to do so . 
  that would be france , in 1791 . 
  i see this get trotted out as a big achievement by the soviets , but in the context of their time i think it was just a footnote . 
  there do n't appear to be any writings on homosexuality by lenin . 
  i do n't think lenin should be viewed the same way as stalin , i think , like mao , the horrible things that happened under his regime were as much a result of incompetence as malice . 
  `` proof '', 
  the french took it for a test drive before the sale to finland . 
  the `` bush was a nazi '' meme is exaggerated and needs to die , like the `` cia trained bin laden ! '', 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2nh6qx/did_the_bush_presidential_family_have_any_ties_to/cmdnbo7 most relevant part : \\  so , what happened was this : prescott bush was on the board of a bank that held financial assets of a business that was owned by german who had this business seized by the nazis . 
  when the war broke out , the bank simply sat on the funds in its accounts held by the business . 
  this is a common practice , that is while not entirely ethical is also not entirely illegal . 
  it 's an extremely complex and grey area of international finance . 
  this is why to this day , survivors and descendants of the holocaust continue to fight swiss banks in court for holding onto nazi funds . 
  a modern version of this can be seen in the u.s. and other nations seizing the assets held by the iranian government after the 1979 revolution , iraq and sadam hussein in 1990 , panama and manuel noriega in 1990 , and osama bin laden in the 90 's . 
   mike thomson investigates why so little is known about this biggest ever peacetime threat to american democracy . 
  uh , i 'm pretty sure watergate would take the cake for `` biggest ever peacetime threat to american democracy . '', 
  maybe because watergate actually happened . 
  the business plot is not well known because it 's irrelevant . 
   please link me an article from this month in which the us gets called fascist , and the majority of the comments wildly agree with this . 
  i 'm pretty sure the mods would delete any article that makes such an absurd claim , it 's in the comment sections where we get called fascists . 
   lenin had achieved and what was that ? 
  destroying russia 's economy ? 
  establishing the cheka ? 
  sewing the seeds for the gulag system ? 
  destruction of the ukrainian free territory ? 
  squashing the kronstadt rebellion ?
