  i love how you ca n't help but make this into some sort of pissing contest . 
  virginia tech , elliot rogers , the oregon community college shooting , the dc sniper , the washington naval yard shooter , san bernadino , fort hood , those are just the ones off the top of my head . 
  the notion that only white males commit mass shootings is pretty absurd , as [ this article details . 
  ] ( https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/keeping-kids-safe/201212/school-shooters-who-are-not-white-males )  the belief that school shooters are all white is odd considering there have been at least 14 who were not white . 
  this is even more striking considering that by far the most deadly attack was committed by seung hui cho , with 32 fatalities and 49 victims overall . 
  in addition , jiverly wong killed as many people as harris and klebold at columbine , but whereas columbine became the epitome of school shootings , wong 's attack is virtually unspoken of . 
  perhaps because it was not at a typical school ? 
  perhaps because he killed adults , not children or teens ? 
  you think this riot is an isolated incident ? 
  not part of a new trend of arson attacks , nationalist party surges , euroscepticism , etc ? 
  every time another refugee center gets torched the sympathizers show up here talking about how these people are just fed up with the apparent lack of popular mandate for immigration . 
  a lot of them get banned now , and i ca n't say i disagree with banning them . 
  burning down sites designated for refugees does nothing but punish the refugees acting in their own best interest , not the politicians bringing them to your countries . 
  every time there 's another islamist shooting , bombing , stabbing the sympathizers show up telling us that this would n't be happening if the evil imperialist west was n't intervening in brown people countries . 
  that this has nothing to do with islam . 
  telling us how all these terrorists are just poor , oppressed , alienated youths , victims of european intolerance . 
  each side wants to explain away their extremists as the * real victims . 
  * because deep down they sympathize with their actions , but are too concerned with self-preservation to take part . 
  that was awful , carry on . 
  these riots remind me of mass shootings in america , whenever one happens each side hopes and prays the people responsible are * their * boogeyman . 
  mass shootings happens in america : leftists - please be a cisgendered , heterosexual white male , please please please !, 
  rightists - please be a muslim , please please please !, 
  they then try to rationalize why their party was n't really responsible . 
  he was mentally ill , he was a minority facing intolerance , he was poor , blah blah blah . 
  no one actually cares about the people who died , this happens every week , they just care about rubbing it in the oppositions face . 
  look at the comments on this post , they 're already doing it . 
  they go all the way to chechnya for abortions ? 
  is that even safe ? 
  i 'm really sorry slovenia , i could n't remember if you have a coastline or not and i totally fucked up the balkans because i drew the southern countries first , leaving this massive blank space in the north . 
  austria is backwards . 
  lichtenstein is n't labeled because i always forget how to spell it . 
  bulgarian nationalists will like this map 5 . 
  forgot the gulf of bothnia entirely . 
  if you 're pet theory is true than why is n't it politically incorrect to be a communist ? 
   was in power for a prolonged period of time, 
  the turk just wants to finish the job , do n't spoil his fun !, 
  ca n't perform oral if they do n't have clitorises anymore . 
  south korea ? 
  how do we make europe great again ? 
  silly polan , gold is for swiss !, 
  how does israel manage to have such a high birth rate and be a developed , progressive country ? 
  am kill o7, 
  personally , i 'm fine with single shot , disposable cameras , but those [ big scary black cameras ] ( http://puu.sh/lvpon/816889a9ed.jpg ) make me uncomfortable and feel unsafe . 
  there 's no justification for owning such a camera , especially considering they are literally designed for [ mass shootings . 
  he 's taking credit for something france did , typical britbong . 
  fuk u cia again always of doing trick leave russiya alone !, 
  i know right ? 
  that kafir is actually proud of how slutty and degenerate polish women are !, 
  orban 's wall is n't lined with machine guns and land mines , no one is getting shot for crossing it . 
  the berlin wall was built to keep people in , not out . 
  destroyed . 
  merkel apparently has no personality or opinions , she just soaks up german popular sentiment like a sponge and wrings herself dry every night to start anew next morning . 
  he 's probably thinking of that austrian minister or something that said orban and his fence reminded him of his country 's `` dark times . '', 
  \\  training exercises, 
  the stereotype is that you are trying to sell the rafale to everyone and anyone . 
  mr. putin is joking that it 's shit . 
  and france wept . 
  then how do you explain all the nordic people here ? 
  just think of all the dank memes we do n't even know about yet . 
  where are all the qt3 .14 russian police girls ? 
  macedonia yuo r genius !, 
  i wonder which has worse emissions . 
  does your spaceship know which way to go ? 
  pewdiepie videos on max volume until you die of cancer . 
   immigration is n't genocide forced mass immigration with the intent of making natives a minority is genocide . 
   chechnya was and is actually part of russia and they crushed an islamist insurgency , that 's like saying if fucking birmingham started an insurgency britain would be wrong to crush it nobody ever asked the chechens if they wanted to be part of russia . 
  this was brought up by dudayev 's government when negotiating with russia , there existed no agreement/document between the chechens and russia . 
  their entire nation was deported to kazachstan in the 40s for having the * absolute nerve * to rebell . 
   when the western powers intervene somehow there i will totally be okay with whatever but otherwise it 's hypocritical i mean , you guys abandoned the rhodesians , does n't that make you hypocrites ? 
  unfortunately , no one will stand up for the boers because people here actually think sa is a beautiful `` rainbow nation '' and that mandela was the second coming of christ . 
  why should we care what russia wants to poke at ? 
  according to this logic britain was totally justified in subjugating the boer republics , as southern africa was clearly their region to spread influence . 
  paul kruger and company even tried reaching out to the kaiser to ensure transvaal 's independence . 
  what did he say ? 
  sorry , do n't wan na piss off perfidious albion , you 're on your own guys . 
   or are you talking about the second boer war ? 
  yeh concentration camps are really funny because the people of eastern europe were n't subjected to genocide by the soviets ? 
  why do you think the baltic states have large russian minorities ? 
  you would think an afrikaner would see the parallels of what the british did to the boer republics ( [ oppressed british minority eh ? 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/uitlander ) ) and what russia has done in places like chechnya , and why that makes eastern europeans fear for their sovereignty , and why they need nato . 
  iraq was n't a nato war . 
  what exactly is `` disputed '' about the baltics and caucuses ? 
   independence they should fight for themselves , like the irish did . 
  like the boers did , and lost ? 
  why are n't you in orania fighting for afrikaner independence m8 ? 
   illegal wars that 's odd , because last time i checked the un security council actually supported the nato intervention in afghanistan . 
   bound to defend states with no strategic value like latvia . 
  i do n't think you understand the point of nato . 
  they will never have to defend latvia from invasion because no one will invade a nato country . 
  most member states , like spain , do n't even come close to the `` suggested '' military budget of 2 % gdp . 
  so true , look at all the terrorist attacks eastern european countries have suffered since they joined nato . 
  i see people standing in close proximity to each other , this does not compute . 
   reparations but no one forced the german state to pay those . 
  the splitting of germany and mass rape of women were the doings of the soviets , do you really want to stoop to their level of moral depravity ? 
  if you 're gon na punish all russians for what they did to estonia because russia punished all germans for what they did in wwii , how are you any better than them ? 
  are you referring to the allied bombing campaign or the reparations the german state paid to jews ? 
  it was a reporter for the guardian , strangely . 
  most germans did n't forcibly resist the nazis , does n't mean they were nazis . 
  most people just want to get on with their daily lives . 
  be mad at the russian state not some random natives on the far-flung reaches of the russian empire .
