  i think you 're conflating social democracy with socialism . 
  sanders would probably get called a nazi for his views on immigration by greenies and corbynistas in the uk . 
  he also supports the existence of israel , so yeah , he 's clearly a nazi . 
  blackpool seems like a pretty depressing place . 
  he 'll apply for asylum in sweden . 
  you 'd think they would shut down her social media accounts ? 
  that 's kinda morbid . 
  so progressive !, 
  does that make the argentinians the rebels ? 
  gross . 
  why is the world so eager to adopt the most cancerous aspects of american society ? 
  only big and stronk countries get their name on the map , like [ switzerland . 
  when they become bffs with russia , so never . 
  bring potato pls, 
  turban ? 
  edit : problem with that is , most people associate turbans with sikhs , and everybody likes them . 
   european dairy products   what 's the beef here ? 
  the cows , you silly goose . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/madeleine_albright \\  in shake hands with the devil , rom\u00e9o dallaire claims that in 1994 , in albright 's role as the u.s. 
  permanent representative to the u.n. , she avoided describing the killings in rwanda as `` genocide '' until overwhelmed by the evidence for it ; [ 51 ] \\  at the national press club in washington , d.c. on november 13 , 2007 , albright declared that she with william cohen would co-chair a new `` genocide prevention task force '' [ 79 ] created by the united states holocaust memorial museum , the american academy of diplomacy , and the united states institute for peace . 
  their appointment was criticized by harut sassounian [ 80 ] and the armenian national committee of america , as both albright and cohen had spoken against a congressional resolution on the armenian genocide . 
  [ 81 ] \\  on may 12 , 1996 , albright defended un sanctions against iraq on a 60 minutes segment in which lesley stahl asked her `` we have heard that half a million children have died . 
  i mean , that 's more children than died in hiroshima . 
  and , you know , is the price worth it ? '', 
  and albright replied `` we think the price is worth it . 
  '' [ 91 ] lol i had no idea kissinger was a refugee , why have n't we sent him back ? 
  knees weak , palms are sweaty ... 
  it 's a catholic thing . 
  is it viewed that way all over europe ? 
  i thought irrational hatred of flag waving was only a german thing . 
  libertarians want open borders and a minimalist state , but you really think the nazi trolls here are american libertarians ? 
  exactly , if christians here are oppressed , imagine how awful it would be for muslims !, 
  gangs sell drugs , which are haram . 
  you also mentioned they are fit , which is a problem as we 're all fat , especially the women . 
  these men would end up extremely sexually frustrated in america . 
  contrast this with sweden , where they will be welcomed with open arms and legs by the locals , whom reddit has informed me are all beautiful , fit , and tolerant . 
  i humbly volunteer to take in as many swedish girls aged 18-30 as can fit in my mom 's basement . 
  do n't call me a hero , i 'm just trying to do my part . 
  america is a scary place with guns , gangs , christians , jews , and no welfare , it 's not safe for kebab here . 
  sweden is the best place for them . 
  the game forces you to release some non austrian cores when you perform the anschluss . 
  i ended up quitting because the whole world declared war on me ( annexing austria gives you +20 infamy , putting me way over the limit ) and after occupying austria-hungary for months to reduce their prestige enough for the event to fire , i was sick of war . 
  playing as germany is also pretty boring in general , you win by default . 
  what a scrub , [ i did all that by 1864 . 
  socrates died for this shit !, 
  [ jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwnknivccem&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=92 ), 
  buying frankenreich bonds ? 
  feminist-fascism ? 
  that sounds kinky . 
  do n't listen to norway , [ they 're communazis . 
  how do you plan on smashing the patriarchy ? 
  the farage barge is lining up for a full broadside . 
  italians make great guns , they just ca n't use them . 
   that would make the eu terribly lopsided relevant flair !, 
  we 're brothers , retard . 
  we have military bases in the marshall islands that employ a lot of people , and we give them millions of dollars to lease islands . 
   sweden voted yes the meme just keeps growing . 
  that 's because scotland is actually a scandinavian country that has been turned british by english imperialists , a scotsman told me all about it . 
   answer to the american people . 
  he answered to a higher calling . 
  have you ever seen mr. corbyn drink water ? 
  i have n't , sources close to him indicate he only drinks vodka . 
  exactly . 
  why do you think commissar corbyn hangs out with gerry adams and refuses to condemn the ira ? 
  fluoridation of water is a communist plot to destroy the purity of the british people 's bodily fluids , to be carried out by their stooges in the ira . 
  i heard he wants to fluoridate your water supply . 
  this is a psa for polish rivers , not turkish beaches . 
  ow , i just cut myself on my own edge . 
  i thought they were gon na leave a condom wrapper on the shoreline or something . 
  really ? 
  a few months ago they let a first nations girl die of cancer because chemo was apparently against her religion . 
  canada literally invented multiculturalism . 
  sorry i was looking at [ this ] ( http://www.nps.gov/civilwar/facts.htm ) , it was roughly a third , but that 's counting slaves . 
   this is 15 % to 25 % of the population in catalonia . 
  scale this to your own country to get an idea of the magnitude : i 'd be like having 30 to 60 million americans in washington . 
  i do n't think you could have chose a worse country for your example . 
  when the confederacy seceded it accounted for roughly half of the us population . 
  edit : i ca n't do math at 2 am, 
  same reason they do n't go to the rest of eastern europe ... ? 
  no , you forgot how a combined force of 110 french and british divisions had a staring contest with 23 german divisions on the siegfried line . 
  edit : he deleted the comments , kek . 
  you forgot the part where britain and france betrayed poland , sipping tea while they got gang raped by nazis and communists . 
  probably the second most posted video here after the danish language one . 
  the same but explain like it 's 1941 . 
  i do n't think it 's for sale . 
  isis = cia cmon this is like common knowledge now , man . 
  the ensign of the japanese navy , err i mean the japanese maritime self-defense force , is still the flag of the rising sun . 
  his third point does n't make any sense , one of the main arguments of the frankfurt school was that orthodox marxism 's one way theory of the super structure and base was too simplistic . 
  he 's using orthodox marxism to criticize cultural marxism , he 's not disproving the existence of cultural marxism . 
  herbert marcuse believed that fringe leftist groups ( feminists , minorities , artists , etc ) were the only people in western society who had any revolutionary potential because our society had become so repressive . 
  this is why marcuse was accused by other marxists of abandoning the proletariat , because he saw no potential for revolution in the white , western working class . 
  marcuse also championed `` repressive tolerance '' which i think would strike most people as extreme political correctness . 
  but this is irrelevant because political correctness comes not from western marxism but from marxist-leninism and the idea of `` towing the party line . '', 
  cultural marxism is a conspiracy theory , but it 's also a pejorative term for the frankfurt school and western marxism . 
  i do n't see what 's controversial about that . 
  dank , you could almost say . 
  they have one of the largest militaries in the world , for starters . 
  i 've heard that sub has lots of hindu nationalists . 
  that 's why i only inject myself with autism , it prevents me from getting the flu .
