  took me a second or two . 
  it 's just shitty pro-eu propaganda m8 , calm down . 
  they sold tarps to putin !, 
  the swiss menace must be neutralized , prepare the broomsticks !, 
  and what would your swiss friends give ? 
  it gets brought up constantly here . 
  the vaccines cause autism nonsense started in the uk ... 
  the reich side of the road !, 
  vote ukip !, 
  no but really i think it 's because if it was this subreddit would become / r/unitedkingdomandfriends , as british people are the third largest demographic on reddit besides americans and canadians . 
  at least that 's how it is on polanball . 
  out of curiosity , do you consider turks , brits , and russians to be europeans ? 
  this subreddit is n't a default for british or russian redditors , i do n't know about turks . 
  downvote this nazi !, 
  would you say you want this subreddit to be a `` safe space '' for europeans ? 
  well i guess a fleshlight is technically a cunt not between two legs . 
  it 's all about context , would you fuck a cunt that is n't between two legs ? 
  i believe the correct terminology is `` based mountain jews . '', 
  did you turn water into wine or vodka ? 
  are you browsing the same subreddit as me ? 
  things i 've seen the swiss called here : nazis parasites enemies of the eu allies of russia morally bankrupt culturally bankrupt `` exceptionalism incarnate '', 
  but i would still say those players , many of whom come from poor backgrounds , deserve the money just as much if not more than the owners . 
  in regards to taxes , did n't france enact a special rich tax , and then repeal it months later when it became evident the rich were just leaving ? 
  the problem is , if a group of fans decided to boycot the games , there would be a line of thousands eagar to buy their seats . 
  it 's like when people complain about pro-athlete salaries , where else do you want that money to go ? 
  the owners , who are already billionaires ? 
  the nfl , premier league etc make absurd amounts of money , why should n't the players get a measly million or 200 . 
  it 's more deserved than the owner who probably inherited his fortune and bought the team . 
  christ of nations !, 
  \\  what do you think of those ? 
  i think that 's a very fine chardonnay you 're not drinking . 
  there was an ama by a high end prostitute in / r/jobfair , she claimed to make 10-12k a month . 
  such oppression !, 
  just reading her wikipage , what in the fuck ? 
  she wants porn made illegal , selling sex to be legal but not buying it ( how does that even make sense ? 
  ) , and supports male circumcision . 
  what a fine lady . 
  * troy ? 
  yeah but economists are just shitlord bourgeoisie apologists !, 
  it was a pedo joke . 
  i do n't know about coffee , but i hear their tea glows in the dark . 
  pripyat is still there , ferris wheel and all . 
  * 50,000 people used to live here . 
  \\  governments do n't want to look into your pants do n't ever move to the uk . 
   also the usa loved to support the taliban when they were still fighting against the russians . 
  that 's strange , because the taliban did n't exist then . 
  but this is reddit , and one of the hivemind 's favorite contrarian theories is that the mujaheddin = al qaeda + taliban . 
   despite them rarely taking advantage of their democratic powers to change the world , there are no excuses . 
  how would that even work ? 
  the world is n't ours to change , i 'd much rather go back to isolationism . 
  so what do you suppose we do ? 
  withdraw from the country again and create another power vacuum , so you can accuse us of abandoning them again ? 
  i could say the exact same thing about the shah of iran , would you accept that ? 
  because the taliban were swell gentlemen . 
  `` we 'll sweep your influence out of eastern europe , literally ! '', 
  - germany, 
  is it just me or does that asteroid look like a giant wasp 's nest ? 
  top . 
  minds . 
   the blue banana does n't really exist are you seriously telling me there is n't a giant blue banana hovering over continental europe ? 
  what next , there is n't a line going through greenwich ? 
  why does that little bit of switzerland stick out of the blue banana ? 
  is n't that where geneva is ? 
  how many fucking bananas are there ? 
  farage is that you ? 
  the struggle is real . 
  so from the country that was voted the best place to be born in , to the country voted 3rd best to be born in . 
  how will you survive ? 
  everything changed when the fire nation attacked . 
  rekt, 
  omsk bird comes bearing gifts . 
  \\  tfw the sun sets on the british empire, 
  dr. osterreich is branching out , he now makes flavored lube . 
  complimentary showers included !, 
  you 'll have to race germany and france , belgium is just their clay anyway . 
  same thing happens in / r/historyporn , if you dare refer to german soldiers as nazis some wehraboo neckbeard comes to their defense . 
  then an eastern european shows up and says their grandma told them the german occupiers were all swell young men , unlike those evil russians . 
  grandma did n't know what was going to happen next . 
  i do n't know why you 're being downvoted in this thread , wait i do , the flag next to your name . 
  for some reason it invalidates facts . 
  did he just explode ? 
  because they 'd rather you be trans than gay . 
  south o ** ss ** etia , it all makes sense now . 
  only because filthy western pig dogs would n't allow russia to call the eurasion union the eu . 
  no i meant read as in i read . 
  do n't you love the english language ? 
  read vs read , it makes so much sense . 
  [ it 's still on your air force 's flag . 
  ] ( http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5126/5291573017_dcdee0cbc6_z.jpg ) edit : never mind , read further down . 
  so canada really is god forsaken . 
  your comment does n't match your username . 
  / r/politics is more left wing than this subreddit . 
  just do n't see why the bbc would care about getting `` lambasted '' for keeping clarkson . 
  i 'd guess they fired him because quite frankly it was the right thing to do , not because they care what the ( other ) media thinks of them . 
  i figured the music at the end would be [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrrtojqb8pu&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=47 ), 
  this offends the kiwi . 
  because they did n't tolerate far worse for decades ? 
  i guess people did n't get the sarcasm . 
  from what i 've read on / r/askphilosophy , american philosophy departments are largely similar to those in the uk , in that most of the content is so called `` analytic '' philosophy .
