  [ 171 ] '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/people's_democratic_party_of_afghanistan#new_reforms `` the government also carried out a new land reform among others but was met by widespread resistance . 
  [ 32 ] the new government also launched a campaign of violent repression , killing some 10,000 to 27,000 people and imprisoning 14,000 to 20,000 more , mostly at pul-e-charkhi prison . 
  [ 33 ] [ 34 ] [ 35 ] ''  like saudi arabia ? 
  or pakistan ? 
  or chile ? 
  do n't forget about the negroes we lynch !, 
   including university education for women , in afghanistan in the 70s and 80s !, 
  that sort of western ideals . 
  afghans do n't give a shit about your western ideals . 
  it 's not our job to fix every cultural backwater on earth . 
  i do n't think we should have armed the mujahideen , but implying the soviets were a force of good for afghanistan is absurd . 
   even if it meant for an entire country to live in the medieval ages you think afghanistan was n't like that before america showed up ? 
   western ideals like mass murder and authoritarianism ? 
   not really , he 's been on the hard left of the labour party for quite some time , and he has expressly stated that the ultimate goal of society should be the public ownership over the means of productions . 
  good for him , what has he done to further that goal ? 
  what has he accomplished at all in his 30 years as an mp ? 
   most of the labour party do , even the soft left on occasion . 
  it 's more to do with connections to the past than a genuine aspiration for a socialist government . 
  the labour party was never anti-capitalist though , clause 4 was a formality . 
  in the heyday of the old labour party , to which corbyn belongs , britain was a corporatist state . 
  labour unions had immense power , much of the countries industry was nationalized ( and sold off , and nationalized again ) , but it 's silly to call post-war britain a socialist ( in the anti-capitalist sense ) country . 
   no , he 's not . 
  this definition would be accepted by most leftists , be they anarchists , syndicalists , communists , or democratic socialists . 
  i do n't object to that , but it 's marxists who are usually defining the term . 
   the nazi party appropriated certain words to appeal to a specific demographic , namely the german working class . 
  in reality , the nazis were vehement opponents of socialism . 
  as a matter of fact , they saw it as a `` judeo-bolshevik '' plot undermining nationalism and traditionalism . 
  both socialists and communists were routinely arrested , and in many cases , sent to concentration camps . 
  hell , even the left of the party was purged . 
  i did n't say the nazis were socialists according to the definition op is using , i said they had their own definition of the word . 
   the one that espouses the values associated with the term . 
  and according to that logic , ed miliband , jeremy corbyn , and the labour party are surely not socialists . 
  nationalizing industry is not inherently socialist . 
  if you put jeremy corbyn in france , sweden , or any other country with lots of nationalized industry , public transit , and free education , would he be anything unique ? 
  same with bernie sanders . 
  because a soviet puppet state totally would have survived the collapse of the ussr ? 
  see , they do poison wells !, 
  it 's a dave chapelle joke ... 
  i guess you could argue that since fish do n't feel pain , they ca n't suffer , and are thus ok to eat . 
  it 's a free speech issue because people want everyone to be politically correct . 
  true , last time they claimed someone violated their territorial sovereignty , they blew up a plane over scotland . 
  i ca n't get arrested for being racist on twitter m8 . 
  `` sanction me libya , sanction me with your army . 
  oh that 's right , you do n't have an army !, 
  so fuck off ! '', 
   this is n't just the marxist version but the generally accepted version . 
  then you must concede that british people are just as ignorant of socialism as americans . 
  the french must also be ignorant as the french socialist party has long abandoned marxism and anticapitalism . 
   as for libertarian , i 'm sticking with the original meaning , which is also the majority meaning . 
  the original meaning of libertarian was someone who believed in free will . 
   the `` power plus prejudice '' definition for racism is a product of a small minority of identity politics activists in america no , i 'm pretty sure it was coined by michael foucault , a french philosopher . 
  is there anything else you want to blame us for ? 
   america 's peculiar political culture , which also includes excessive pc bullshit . 
  you live in a country where the media refers to pakistanis as `` asians '' because it 's somehow less racist to implicate an entire race of people in gang rapes that are largely perpetrated by one nationality . 
  hundreds of british girls were molested and raped while the police sat idle because , in addition to other factors , they were scared of being labeled racists for going after the perpetrators . 
  trump makes nigel farage look like a communist . 
  who has the bigger problem with political correctness ? 
  of course there is a huge difference between marxist socialism and nazism , but that does n't change the fact that hitler referred to his ideology as * true * socialism . 
  hell , marxists themselves ca n't agree on what socialism means . 
  to a left-communist , socialism is synonymous with communism , to a marxist-leninist it 's the mode of production that comes before communism . 
  words can mean different things . 
  the word libertarian means very different things to different people as well . 
  dictionary definitions are only so useful . 
  racism is also not solely defined as `` power + prejudice '' but that does n't stop leftists from arguing that is the only definition . 
  so when ed miliband said he was bringing socialism back to britain , he meant labour was going to make the streets run red with the blood of the bourgeoisie ? 
  no , i 'm pretty sure he was talking about raising the minimum wage . 
  how do you explain jeremy corbyn ? 
  he calls himself a democratic socialist , just like sanders , but he 's just a social-democrat . 
  socialism means different things to different people , you 're using the marxist definition , but there was this austrian dude who claimed socialism was embracing and working to collectively further the noble aryan master race . 
  who 's usage is right ? 
   37 % of swedes want to leave the eu wow , is there even a eurosceptic party in sweden ? 
  wikipedia says sd wants to negotiate their membership , not leave . 
  what if he works at volkswagen ? 
  he could be lying . 
  you 're gon na get banned from that sub m8 . 
  is n't that more of an argument for automatic transmissions , not driving on the left ? 
  [ do n't listen to her anon , all oppressed minorities ( except chechens , of course ) deserve self determination . 
  russia will be a great friend to an independent catalonia , your future is bright , but only if you get out from under the shadow of spain and the eu . 
  [ `` you 're not voting for independence , are you anon ? 
  i only date men who believe in a strong , unified spain . 
  it 's truly remarkable that the catalans have managed to preserve their beautiful traditions in the face of such horrid oppression by the spanish state . 
  not to mention angela davis is a tankie who was criticized by aleksandr solzhenitsyn for telling a bunch of eastern bloc prisoners to rot in jail . 
  she also accepted medals from the soviet union . 
  why are poles so good at climbing mountains ? 
  lol, 
  ayyyyy, 
  if lithuania close to moon , that mean in space , so annex lithuania mean into space . 
  polan yuo r genius !, 
  what about latvia =(, 
   nothing to do with the fact that the us first armed fucking jihadists we armed the mujaheddin [ after the soviets toppled the government . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_storm-333 ), 
  my point is your analogy does n't make any sense , isis is not just targeting the syrian government . 
   their only target is the physical machinery of the non-islamic state . 
  but that 's just blatantly false . 
  they 're murdering ethnic and religious minorities ( yazidis ) , and destroying historic sites . 
  if nelson mandela was a terrorist than so were eastern europeans who revolted against the soviets . 
  i was just curious , i 've seen communist mugabe supporters on reddit before . 
  they usually claim that , like north korea , zimbabwe is only poor because of `` western sanctions . '', 
  just look at calais . 
  [ it 's a little more complicated than that .
