  you do n't know how lucky you are , boys . 
  back in the ussr !, 
  well the ukraine girls really knock me out , leave the west behind [ or else ] !, 
  and moscow girls make me sing and shout !, 
  south ossetias always on my mind . 
  i 'm back in the ussr !, 
  you do n't know how lucky you are , boys . 
  back in the ussr !, 
  well the ukraine girls really knock me out , they left the west behind . 
  and moscow girls make me sing and shout !, 
  that georgia 's always on my mind . 
  oh , show me ` round ya warm water ports way down south . 
  take me to your derelict grain farms . 
  let me hear your referendums ringing out . 
  come and keep my separatists warm !, 
  i 'm back in the ussr !, 
  you do n't know how lucky you are , boys . 
  back in the ussr !, 
  might be a better question for / r/asksocialscience . 
  it 's from * the gulag archipelago . 
  thank god we live in such enlightened times !, 
  i think it depends on what type of marxist he is , classical marxism is not a lifestyle . 
  engels was rich and used to give money to marx to invest in the stock market . 
  if he 's some bizarro stalinist 3rd worldist then yeah i guess he 's a hypocrite . 
  why not just stan ? 
  they all look the same anyway . 
  shit . 
  i was n't implying he was racist i 've just never seen them referred to as pakis in a non-derogatory fashion . 
  thank you for the mental image of a bunch of polanballs fighting over a giant blue banana . 
  i thought paki was a derogatory term ? 
  france and the uk promised to invade germany if poland was attacked . 
  poland was supposed to hold out until they could force germany to withdraw . 
  i believe they were only expected to survive a week but ended up holding off the germans and russians for a month . 
  all the while france and the uk sat idle , wagging their finger at germany . 
  had france invaded they easily could have blown through germany and changed history . 
  was n't equatorial guinea spanish ? 
  i would start questioning why countries are so willing to turn against me . 
  just like if i was israeli i 'd start wondering why palestinians are firing rockets into my country . 
  just like how i understand islamism is in many cases a reaction to american imperialism . 
  russia has no one to blame but itself for having no friends . 
  stabbed in the back by germany and russia , stabbed in the heart by france and the uk . 
  but polan is not kill , we can rebuild him , we have the vodka . 
  i think the problem here is that you believe putin is insane . 
  is he ? 
  ukraine is not in the eu or nato , he knew no one would help them . 
  if russia invades estonia tomorrow then yes , he is insane . 
  it seems like many people here think putin is a evil genius from a cartoon or something . 
  he is a human , he does n't want to exterminate life on earth , he is n't going to start a nuclear war . 
  if you look back at history , is this really anything compared to the cold war ? 
  the soviets stationed nuclear missiles 90 miles off our coast and nothing happened . 
  a us marine and self declared communist defected to the soviet union , came back , and shot our president . 
  nothing happened . 
  putin is not a communist , putin is not a nazi , and he 's not insane . 
  all aboard the banter bus !, 
  so 29 % of americans trust fox news ? 
  unless that increases by 22 percent how can that be representative of america ? 
  polan has achieved operator status . 
  i googled most popular news network and got [ cnn as number one , followed by fox news . 
  ] ( http://www.discovertop10.com/tv/top-10-news-channels-in-usa-most-watched-news-channels/ ) the sun is the most circulated paper in the uk , followed by the dailymail , are you going to base your perception of the uk off that ? 
  the robber barons would like a word with you . 
  so sweden is run by the j00s but has also recognized palestine and is trying to oust netanyahu . 
  i ca n't keep up with these conspiracies . 
  he 's managing her trust fund . 
  [ relevant . 
  reminds me of ben carson , one of the best neurosurgeons in the world , who has retired and turned politician . 
  he 's a creationist who thinks being gay is a choice and that gay marriage is a `` neo-marxist '' plot to destroy judo-christian values . 
  wot . 
  i 'm surprised people are saying they 're extremely nationalistic , the germans i see here act like a sliver of patriotism is going to start wwiii . 
  i do n't think it 's wrong to be proud of your country , especially one that has been at the fore-front of science and the arts like germany . 
  look at all the great german philosophers , composers , and scientists . 
  fun fact , my chemistry professor told us that when he was in college back in the 80s , chemistry majors were required to take german classes because there were so many german chemistry terms . 
  i think there 's a big difference between patriotism and the racial supremacism of the nazis . 
  also , you 're like the america of europe in that everything is apparently your fault . 
  could be worse though , i had no idea some people disliked switzerland so much . 
  they sell some tarps to russia and suddenly they 're in bed with putin and enemies of the eu . 
  you would have thought it was sarin nerve gas they were selling to russia . 
  plus everyone thinks their money comes from nazi gold , tax evasion , and drug cartel banking . 
  where as in reality , most of their gdp is from manufacturing . 
  who do you think has to haul all those killstreaks around ? 
  some say he has the trigger mechanism for an atomic doomsday device embedded in his scrotum , and that when bbc viewers were polled on their favorite tv host , he received 120 % of the votes . 
  all we know is , he 's called the stig !, 
  i do n't think many people here would call the eu a bastion of democracy . 
  but if you 're going to argue that european countries are somehow more likely to violently overthrow their governments , why mock gun ownership ? 
  the far-left is just as anti-gun control as the far-right , why would they want guns taken out of the hands of working class people ? 
  being welsh must feel like being a mole in an arcade whack-a-mole game , every time you pop your head up , someone smacks you down with a sheep shagger joke . 
  that 's how hitler lost one of his , she had no idea what she was doing . 
  they 're like ice bergs , 90 % is under water . 
  i 'd rather go on a date with sweden , she insists on paying . 
  they just so happen to almost all be from africa , arabia , and pakistan . 
  just a coincidence , that 's why i always see people here complaining about balkan muslims !, 
  that 's why whenever a story gets posted here about a non-white european doing something bad , the first comment is `` european . '', 
  because their race is irrelevant . 
  ok , so tiananmen square was bourgeoisie propaganda ? 
  and no , people protest all the time in america , but you do n't hear about them because nothing bad happens . 
  that 's the thing about america , our racial tensions are broadcasted all over the world . 
  people across the globe now know where ferguson , missouri is . 
  how many people outside of europe know about rotherham and the other uk rape gangs ? 
  how many know about sweden and the apparent catastrophe in the making that 's about to unfold according to the swedenyes trolls here ? 
  how many know that muslims ( although i 'm sure it has nothing to do with their skin color ) are arrested at the same disproportionate rates in some european countries as blacks in the us ? 
  everyone loves to point out 40 % of our prison population is black , did you know 70 % of france 's prison population is muslim ?
