  no , it was policy . 
  they knew the flaw with their graphite tipped control rods , and did nothing to change it . 
  the soviets also lied to the world , blaming the disaster on operator error . 
  the internal investigation was such a shame that the man in charge committed suicide from guilt . 
  nice to see that you are literally regurgitating soviet propaganda in this thread , comrade . 
  blaming the operators who gave their lives to try and save the city of pripyat by exposing themselves to extreme amounts of radiation the entire night of the disaster , resulting in them dying slow excruciating deaths , instead of the soviet higher ups who ordered the experiment in the first place . 
  edit : aww downlenins =(, 
  we also make the news when michael phelps does something stupid , again . 
  they did , just not against soldiers . 
  yesterday they had to ask orioles fans to stay in the stadium after the game because there was rioting outside . 
  just turned on the news and they 're looting a cvs pharmacy and cash checking store . 
  i doubt it could approach ferguson levels though , i mean baltimore is n't some tiny town in missouri . 
  but i 'm not the person to ask , baltimore is like a different world compared to the rest of maryland . 
  it 's a red state gerrymandered blue . 
  i do n't think i 've actually gone into baltimore more than a dozen times in my life ( not drive through it , actually visit someplace in the city ) . 
  [ here 's a rt reporter getting her bag stolen while livestreaming the `` protests . 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1sphia33xgq ) i would feel bad if she worked for a legitimate news agency , but meh . 
  also wondering what the fuck she was thinking being out there at night . 
  got ta love how the guy starts screaming `` it was n't me ! '', 
  when they tackled him bag in hand , and she has him on camera . 
  but yeah , it 's a fun time to be a marylander . 
  only time we make the news is when baltimore manages to make detroit look good . 
  the final-final solution . 
  thanks , merkel . 
  basque on basque crime is responsible for the vast majority of basque fatalities , you only care when an icelandic person kills one . 
  why is the media so anti-icelandic ? 
  farage called ukip `` classical liberals . '', 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gruinard_island remember the 80 . 
   we think more about america than the uk , in general . 
  why ? 
  there is an idea of a vladimir putin ; some kind of abstraction . 
  but there is no real me : only an entity , something illusory . 
  and though i can hide my cold gaze , and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable ... 
  i simply am not there . 
  yes , just last week obama was on the tv lecturing congress about how johnny foreigner is the cause of all our problems . 
  about how aids infected mexican illegals are destroying our economy and social services . 
  about how washington dc , detroit , baltimore , and other suspiciously brown cities are `` no longer american . '', 
  proclaiming global warming to be a hoax propagated by looney lefties . 
  yep , that obama sure is a closeted kipper . 
  ukip is a libertarian party , if they were american ... they would be the american libertarian party . 
  is that so hard to figure out ? 
  something i really do n't get about this whole `` america is so rightwing '' circlejerk is the fact that british people act like the nhs was created yesterday . 
  the nhs is 60 years old , the definition of a conservative is someone who wants to maintain the status quo . 
  in britain , the nhs is the status quo . 
  so do you think your conservatives support the nhs because they legitimately believe in socialized medicine , or because it has been there for 60 years and if they were to destroy it no one in their right mind would cast a vote their way ? 
  same with ukip . 
  how much confidence do you have in the tories that if someone hit the reset button on british healthcare , they would support the creation of the nhs tomorrow ? 
  more importantly is the fact that euroscepticism and anti-immigration are basically the only reason parties like ukip and fn exist in their current forms . 
  there is no analogous institution to the eu in america . 
  closest would probably be natfa , which ron paul and his gang of fanboys want to leave . 
  does the democratic party blame all america 's problems on immigrants ? 
  would nigel farage grant amnesty to five million illegal immigrants in the uk ? 
  would fn ? 
  hell , fn would probably fire up the gas chambers . 
  has ukip been the party of british ethnic minorities for 80 years ? 
  will a single non white british person be voting ukip this election ? 
   ukip would probably end up being in the middle of the democratic party somewhere do you actually believe this ? 
  what , are you saying my comment was a broad and inaccurate generalization ? 
  no . . it ca n't be . 
  monster raving loony party . 
  we 're shape shifters !, 
  on monday , we 're cultural marxist cuckolds pushing our judo-bolshevik ideology of white genocide on europe . 
  on tuesday we 're fascists . 
  god bless america . 
  true , we should have used to time honored british tactic of sending the colonials to die for us , like at gallipoli , and dieppe . 
  yeah his videos on climate change are pretty cringe worthy . 
  til i live in a fascist dump . 
  if i wanted to visit europe but not meet any cunts , what part of belgium do you live in ? 
  why discuss america with someone who obviously knows more about it than me ? 
  everyone on this subreddit seems to know far more about my own country than i do , it 's so weird . 
  no better place for a nationalist than a forum full of nationalists . 
  this guy is great , i 've been subscribed to him for years . 
  so the hierarchy is israel --  america --  germany --  eu --  europe . 
  hehe they wan na sit at the cool table . 
  reminds me of the oss report on hitler where they concluded he was probably gay and had a scat fetish . 
  is there one on american pows ? 
  [ farage in the eu parliament is pretty hilarious . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlnpl8948bk&amp;feature=youtu.be ) i love how blair does n't even give him a real response , just calls him a `` reactionary '' and throws out some trite bullshit about a `` unified europe . '', 
  what a twat . 
  if you leave some francs outside its burrow , it may come back out . 
  [ i took a photo , just in case . 
  and he 's positive , poor guy . 
  it 's so rare that my spell check did n't even catch it . 
  `` in other news , a romanian municipality sent somalian interpreters to greet visiting swedish diplomats . 
  when asked to explain the error , local officials replied , ` top kek m8 . '', 
  they had promised to invade germany , not write strongly worded letters to hitler . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-polish_alliance_%281921%29 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal#1939 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoney_war if that is n't betrayal , i do n't know what is . 
  literally promising to invade germany if they invaded poland , instead doing basically nothing . 
  tfw no euromonies, 
  holy crap , it 's lichtenstein . 
  feck off !, 
  i was not aware that we controlled east germany . 
  the french are stereotyped because they betrayed poland . 
  the next catering level up costs extra , that 's why they did n't get it . 
  it would sell millions of copies in russia ? 
  xaxaxa so true ) ) ) ) ) ) mr indonesia so clever he know how move the mouse , 
  but this subreddit told me that in america we eat the poor and disabled . 
  but you brought freedumb to the entire continent . 
  thank god hitler [ neutralized the polish menace !, 
  my god , poland is the european version of america .
