  it 's not really a leak on / r/europe , the ground here is thoroughly saturated with dank polanball memes . 
  i googled `` estonian women , '' because science , [ til estonia has the highest number of international fashion models per capita of any country in the world . 
  ] ( http://estonianworld.com/people/estonias-top-international-models/ ) eesti big , and hot . 
  poland - savior of europe . 
  pfft , this guy , doubting the accuracy of polanball comics ... 
  it 's how the oecd calculates inflation , they compare the cost of a brown person in 1815 to the current price . 
  they accept diamonds , though . 
  ... and blow it all on some flowers . 
  will this happen before or after alexander the great rises from the dead and reconquers eurasia ? 
  to rule the waves , duh . 
  what the fuck , greenland ? 
  yeah . 
   if you read the article you 'll see the issue is not about people being offended . 
  `` tim is coming in for a lot of flak about this and is being singled out , but he is not a homophobe . 
  i have talked to him about this . '', 
   the issue is that he is leader of the liberal democrat party . 
  there is concern in his party that he has religious views that are at odds with fundemental party values . 
  yes , the lib dems , not the communist party of britain . 
  what about being christian is anathema to liberalism ? 
  has he ever said he opposes secularism ? 
  is he out there campaigning for blasphemy laws and the banning of sodomy ? 
  as long as he keeps his religious views to himself , what the hell is the problem ? 
   the cartoon world , media , governments and intellectuals all have double standards regarding the answer . 
  [ this was the top post in / r/israel the day of the charlie hebdo shooting , with the title , `` the double standards . 
  `` what up now ~ ~ swedes ~ ~ france ? '', 
  - isis, 
  if he was muslim , would the same people be getting offended ? 
  so basically , everything was fine until the uk let you actually run things . 
  goddammit canada , you had one job ... 
   english/french/natives and some other people who were happy living together . 
  we had been an independent country for three decades by then m8, 
  but you did n't exist in 1812 . 
  do n't ask me how they reconcile marxism and privilege theory , they 're marxist-leninists , they have already disregarded most of what marx and engels had to say . 
  stalinism and maoism are absurd ideologies , we 're talking about people here who defend north korea and support groups like isis because `` you must think dialectically , comrade . '', 
  but if canada left the commonwealth they 'd have to admit they really are just temporarily embarrassed americans . 
  but you 'd have to eat norwegian food ... 
  i guess by that logic the uk should leave the commonwealth , as canada , new zealand , and australia are all more developed than the uk . 
  stop making them look bad you poor sods . 
  he probably has somewhere along the line . 
  `` the eu is literally worse than north korea ! '', 
  - nigel farage, 
  what political beliefs do you think these people have ? 
  they tend to be members of the far left , and are especially fond of stalinism and maoism . 
  / r/srsdiscussion had such a problem with tankies that they made soviet apologism against the rules . 
  cultural marxism , the real thing , not the catch all shibboleth used by neonazis , is a discipline of marxism which seeks to analyze popular culture from a marxist perspective . 
  it 's where phrases like `` cultural hegemony , '' and `` cultural imperialism '' come from . 
  which is why in another comment here i stated how ironic it is that the article uses that term . 
  if only his t-shirt had a picture of muhammad on it , then europeans would have been offended . 
  seventy years ago you people blamed the jews for beliefs that would nowadays be called those of sjws , now you just blame america . 
  but hey we 're run by the j00s anyway , so what 's the difference amirite ? 
  sorry for the godwin , hope i did n't trigger anyone . 
  also love how the article uses the phrase , `` cultural imperialism , '' while complaining about trigger warnings . 
  yes , america invented marxism , anarchism , and multiculturalism . 
  oh wait , we did n't . 
  but if it makes you feel better about le yuropean master race , blame us . 
  i thought he had the role playing backwards . 
  there it is !, 
  why does he look anorexic ? 
  even eastern europe ? 
  i tried google and found [ this . 
  ] ( http://nypost.com/2012/10/07/saudis-gone-wild/ ) nothing really shocking there , they bought a shit ton of expensive stuff . 
  here 's the thing . 
  you said `` estonia is nordic . '', 
  is it in northern europe ? 
  yes . 
  no one 's arguing that . 
  as someone who is a cartographer who studies maps , i am telling you , specifically , in cartography , no one calls estonia `` nordic . '', 
  if you want to be `` specific '' like you said , then you should n't either . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
  if you 're saying `` nordic '' you 're referring to a geographic and cultural region , which includes countries from denmark to finland to iceland . 
  so your reasoning for calling estonia a nordic country is because random people say , `` eesti can into nordic xdd . '', 
  let 's get scotland and lithuania in there , then , too . 
  also , calling a country nordic or northern european ? 
  it 's not one or the other , that 's not how geography works . 
  they 're both . 
  a nordic country is in northern europe and thus a member of the northern european region . 
  but that 's not what you said . 
  you said estonia is a nordic country , which is not true unless you 're okay with calling all members of the northern european region nordic , which means you 'd call latvia , ireland , and other countries nordic , too . 
  which you said you do n't . 
  it 's okay to just admit you 're wrong , you know ? 
  i was told it rains money . 
  help im being repressed !, 
  i thought that was sweden . 
  i 've heard so many terrible things about northern ireland that it kinda makes me want to visit . 
  just to see if it 's really that bad . 
  macedonia would be ecstatic . 
  what i do n't get is , if they 're so pro europe why do they want to dismantle trident . 
  they want to live in a europe where only france has nuclear weapons ? 
  scary thought . 
  irish travelers = iris ... wait they actually are . 
  estonia approves , now finns will have to buy even more of their booze . 
  coca-cola , wonderbra ... 
  mass immigration and open borders are `` neoliberal '' policies . 
  do n't see many people here advocating them . 
  reddit leftists : cultural marxism does n't exist !, 
  ! 11 if you think so , you 're racist , sexist , reactionary scum . 
  frankfurt school is just a myth !, 
  blah blah chicago school blah blah bourgeoisie economics is n't science but marxism totally is . 
  he was showing angela all the cute cat pictures and dank may mays , but got distracted . 
  hence all the jokes in the comment section : `` where are all the white guys ? '',
