  where as departments in mainland europe are more focused on `` continental '' philosophers . 
  i put them in quotation marks because the difference is greatly exaggerated . 
  but in general , marxism and the like are n't very prominent in american philosophy . 
  marx certainly is not prominent at all in american economics . 
  so to suggest that a sub-field of an already largely ignored philosophy is somehow taking over our universities is absurd . 
  i think more importantly , most people 's hatred of multiculturalism comes from the fact that proponents of it seem to actually believe in cultural and moral relativism . 
  moral relativism is n't a very respected belief , and few philosophers hold it or defend it . 
  cultural relativism was a reaction to the pseudo-scientific historical theories of the nazis , it had its place , but is no longer considered an axiom in anthropology . 
  because it does n't make any sense . 
  however , cultural relativism still prominent in pop culture ( or `` folk psychology '' as i believe philosophers call it ) because it 's an easy way to ignore problems , `` that 's just part of their culture blah blah blah '' etc. 
  dc to warsaw in one tank . 
  somehow it 's our fault that cultural marxism , postcolonial studies , critical theory , and everything they lump in with social justice warriors was invented in europe . 
  america : land of racism and hatred of moslem turrists , and feminism !, 
  we 're like the new jews , responsible for marxism and liberalism . 
  the only method we had to deliver those nukes were large , slow moving bombers . 
  the soviets would have just shot them down . 
  well there are in that communism is different than communism . 
  like republican ( the party ) vs republican ( the form of government . ), 
  did you read the rest of the comment ... 
  i never said any of that ... 
  \\  no boring tricolours !, 
  lenin did at least try that ( democratically run factories ) at first , but the results were poor , so he brought back the `` bourgeoisie specialists '' and tried implementing taylorism . 
  his argument does n't make any sense , state capitalism was the avenue in which the ussr was to `` achieve socialism , '' which according to stalin happened in the early 1930s but no one takes that seriously except stalinists . 
  when people say the soviet union was communist , they are referring to the fact that it was a one party state run by the communist party of the soviet union , marxist-leninism was the state ideology of the ussr . 
  so yes , we know , the soviet union was not a stateless , classless , moneyless society . 
  but neither was anarchist catalonia or any other example thrown out by communists as being an example of actually existing socialism . 
  `` true communism , '' what ever that is ( i 'm guessing he 's referring to what marx called the higher phase of communism ) has never existed . 
  woah , two posts on the front page criticizing communism , the cia must be out in force today !, 
  ulbricht was a stalinist until he died , and was an enthusiastic proponent of the wall . 
  if by socialist , you mean stalinist , then yeah . 
  tankies gon na tank . 
  these people were obviously class traitors and reactionary trash . 
  how do you find the patience to deal with these people haha, 
  i know a guy who put 3 whole gases into his car , it blew up . 
  putin is going to invite them into his underground volcano lair , and flip the switch to drop their chairs into the lava filled chamber below . 
  of course , he was the host of the most popular 100 % factual program in the world . 
  is it true that farage claims to have no problem with indian immigrants ? 
  i ca n't see why he would prefer those over romanians . 
  does he think romanian = roma ? 
  they 're boring , watch the episode of * jeremy clarkson : meets the neighbors * , about belgium and the netherlands . 
  * heart of darkness * , because after playing victoria ii , i decided maybe i should read the book . 
  it might make me feel slightly bad for all the digital people i am colonizing . 
  wow . 
  i was just surprised a brit would like `` hand-egg '' games !, 
  as a kid i probably spent hundreds of hours on roller-coaster tycoon ( the original ) and railroad tycoon 3 . 
  i remember asking my mom questions like , `` what is stock ? 
  should i buy shares of my own stock ? '', 
   american football games . 
  all of my what . 
  you just have to suck for around 100 hours . 
  from what i understand she 's basically the patron saint of the french far-right . 
  joan of arc was largely irrelevant until the 19th century , when a [ famous french historian ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/jules_michelet ) wrote what is now considered a rather flawed account of french history . 
  apparently every year on joan of arc day french far-rightists ( including neo-nazis ) march through paris . 
  i do n't think that would fly with most french people , or british for that matter . 
  i was more getting at the fact the ship would be owned by a monarchy and a republic . 
  how could her majesty the queen possibly lend her support to a ship half owned by filthy republicans !, 
  what were they gon na name it ? 
  i was talking about the perspective of the super power involved . 
  it was technically a truce , but no one remembers that because for all intents and purposes it was a loss . 
  people remember the tet offensive even though it was a catastrophic failure , because it was one if the factors in public support for the war evaporating . 
  the first boer war was a truce and the second was a british victory , but the world was stunned that a bunch of dutch farmers could stand up to the might of the british empire . 
  when i posted my heritage flag to / r/vexillology . 
  swedish propaganda !, 
  it has brainwashed the continent of europe . 
  the same reason people remember the boer wars and vietnam , winning is n't everything . 
  you 're complaining to an estonian about americans fetishizing the nordic model . 
  i 've seen his objection to the cosmological argument explained in / r/askphilosophy and i still do n't get it . 
  what ? 
  he tried reading * critique of pure reason * , got frustrated , and did this . 
  how is canadian culture different than american ? 
  `` do you know the new ships of the french navy have glass bottom hulls so they can see the old french navy ? '', 
  do n't blame me , the brits sunk their old navy . 
  mwhahahaha , the americanization of europe continues !, 
  [ here 's the video ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=m2l1zcrwpsg ) , that fascist really got what he deserved . 
  the / r/anarchism thread was posted to subredditdrama , but i ca n't find it . 
  that sub and its partner meta sub are an endless source of popcorn . 
  especially vegan anarchists . 
  interestingly , it was also posted to / r/debateacommunist and the majority of responses were to the tune of `` just a bunch of punk kids . '', 
  it seems marxists have grown tired of their shenanigans . 
  fire fighters are class traitors and agents of the bourgeoisie !, 
  it 's always funny seeing leftists victim blame people . 
  there was a video awhile back of this hippie ( who was probably in his 60s ) in california getting his face smashed with a sledge hammer by an anarchist because he was trying to block them from smashing a store front . 
  of course it 's all his fault , `` what did he expect was going to happen , defending petty bourgeoisie property from black bloc members !! '', 
  she looks like a bond villain in that photo . 
  honest question , why is the dutch tourism office website http://www.holland.com/us/tourism.htm if holland is not the correct term ? 
  op likes big butts . 
  according to that logic , the uk would be a state . 
  because they 're voting on what flair to use , belgium , flanders , or wallonia . 
  the results can be expected in a few years . 
  jan pawel does not approve of sex games , is haram . 
  thank you for the gold !, 
  flew in from the crimean p with fsb , did n't get to bed last night . 
  on the way pravada sat on my knee , man i had a dreadful flight !, 
  i 'm back in the ussr !, 
  you do n't know how lucky you are , boys . 
  back in the ussr !, 
  been away so long you thought someone took my place . 
  gee it 's good to be back home !, 
  leave it 'till tomorrow to rig that [ court ] case , honey disconnect their phones . 
  i 'm back in the ussr !,
