  they act like society owes them what their parents had , like their parents did n't have to work for it at all . 
  because to get back to what this thread was originally about , they think * leave it to beaver * was a documentary about 1950s america , not a sitcom . 
  got ta do something with them since thatcher died . 
  to the jpeg question . 
  it 's a [ may may . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/2cohk4/recent_events_unidan_copy_pasta/ ), 
  i feel like if there is ever a referendum on federalizing the eu , it will look oddly similar to this . 
  the fire nation attacked . 
  i think you missed the point m8, 
  if he immigrated to north dakota , like many norwegians , he might be living on a shit ton of oil . 
  they have a sixth sense for this stuff or something . 
  here 's the thing . 
  you said `` estonia is nordic . '', 
  is it in northern europe ? 
  yes . 
  no one 's arguing that . 
  as someone who is a geographer who studies maps , i am telling you , specifically , in geography , no one calls estonia `` nordic . '', 
  if you want to be `` specific '' like you said , then you should n't either . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
  if you 're saying `` nordic '' you 're referring to a geographic and cultural region , which includes countries from denmark to finland to iceland . 
  so your reasoning for calling estonia a nordic country is because random people `` say eesti can into nordic xdd '' let 's get scotland and lithuania in there , then , too . 
  also , calling a country nordic or northern european ? 
  it 's not one or the other , that 's not how geography works . 
  they 're both . 
  a nordic country is in northern europe and a member of the northern european region . 
  but that 's not what you said . 
  you said estonia is a nordic country , which is not true unless you 're okay with calling all members of the northern european region nordic , which means you 'd call latvia , ireland , and other countries nordic , too . 
  which you said you do n't . 
  it 's okay to just admit you 're wrong , you know ? 
  no thanks . 
  the welsh vote in a similar manner , but they use a sheep as the ballot box . 
  this is real democracy !, 
  just like how the president of the european commission , who promised to , `` try to put some morality , some ethics , into the european tax landscape , '' helped companies avoid billions of dollars in taxes as prime minister of luxembourg !, 
  that really depends on how you define `` working class , '' i assumed you were referring to the proletariat , my communist friend . 
  in that case there is no such thing as the `` middle class . '', 
  we were n't a service economy in the 1950s and manufacturing boomed because europe was left in ruins by the second world war . 
  that 's why we 're still the number one in foreign born citizens , because to someone outside of the developed world , 2.5 acres and a house sounds pretty great . 
   anyway , judging by your explanation , i 'm also living the american dream , in this backwater 3rd world country you ca n't even locate on a map . 
  it 's kind of hard to be middle class in america , in romania , so i do n't really get your point . 
  it 's still credible , it 's just not good enough anymore . 
  no one wants 2.5 acres , a house , family , and a dog . 
  they want to go to some bourgeoisie art school , major in neo-dadaism , drive a tesla , own apartments in new york and san fransisco , and travel the world writing their travel blog . 
  i do n't understand why all these leftists on reddit act like the american dream is to become a billionaire over night , that 's never what it was . 
  they shout `` the american dream is dead ! '', 
  from the roof tops of their parent 's suburban homes . 
  the american dream is essentially striving for mediocrity , to be middle class , but that 's not good enough anymore . 
  everyone wants to be a snowflake . 
   a member of the working class middle class people in the 1950s america were members of the working class ... 
  lots of countries had eugenics programs in the early 19th century , it was the cool new thing to do . 
  most stopped after wwii because of the stigma the nazis gave eugenics ( which is n't really a bad thing , it was an awful idea based on bad science ) . 
  i 'm curious as to how sweden managed to keep their program going for so long , especially considering they were run by social-democrats . 
  but i do n't think we should use that against contemporary swedes . 
  `` do you approve of same-sex marriage in ireland ? '', 
  `` maybe yes , maybe no , maybe go fuck yourself . '', 
  `` we will count that as a yes vote , thank you . '', 
  it 's like a scene from * the outsiders * , but with more vodka . 
  needs a hitmarker . 
  * operation barbarossa 2 : electric boogaloo - this time it 's personal . 
  that 's why / r/metacanada and / r/circlejerkaustralia exist . 
  / r/unitedstatesofamerica is pretty good , probably because it 's just pretty pictures . 
  this is one of those jokes you ca n't explain to people who do n't already get it . 
  it 's not like the swedish government needs any help creating infertile men . 
  and most labour voters in / r/unitedkingdom were probably still in primary school in 2005 . 
  \\* ducks *, 
  they were just havin ' a giggle m8, 
  glorious soviet steel cut through feudalistic japanese blade like red army through manchukuo . 
  yeah , i played that and il-2 , at like 15 fps . 
  [ location of the gulag camps . 
  why did they include norway but not switzerland ? 
  capitalist jet fuel ca n't melt proletarian will of man of steel . 
  mr. krabs is hung in the town square for being a bourgeoisie pig , squidward is hung for being a saboteur ( slacking off at work ) and enemy of the people , sandy is expelled for spreading filthy air breather propaganda , and patrick is made commissar of bikini bottom politburo because he is a useful idiot . 
  such is life . 
  someone in the compound also had the strategy guide for * delta force : xtreme 2 . 
  * i played the original on my parents pc when i was a kid , all i remember is the enemies being squares far off in the distance who would insta-kill you with 1 bullet . 
  i think he 's referring to when labour won in 2005 . 
  at her age , i think it might be too dry in there for even a ghost to survive . 
  you should all emigrate to ireland !, 
  i was more referring to inequality on a global scale . 
  priorities , man . 
  it 's also the result of unequal human development , which would happen with or without capitalism . 
  there 's no inequality is everyone is poor xaxaxaxa, 
  homeless people . 
  it 's a vicious cycle . 
  where have i seen this before ... 
  the title of the article is `` europe is struggling to foster a startup culture , '' then you said , `` we . '', 
  \\  you should maybe read up on switzerland . 
  yeah this subreddit thinks you 're all holier-than-thou pricks who hide behind neutrality to mask your greed and cowardice . 
  ca n't say you 're helping your cause here . 
  maybe you should come down from that mountain of moral supremacy and look upon the millions of destitute in europe who are perpetually unemployed , forgotten , and marginalized , before you claim there is no underclass . 
  marx is doing cartwheels in his grave . 
  [ not like your country is a stranger to slave labor , anyway . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-29765623 ), 
  what a glorious union that would be . 
  i 'm sure there are no errors or gross simplifications in this list . 
  if only they lived in europe , there 's no youth unemployment there . 
   no underclass lol, 
  what did they say about them ? 
  launch them across the map from spawn to get quad kills and then a nuke . 
  they condemned the invasion of iraq as illegal , why could n't they have done the same for the bin laden raid ? 
  along with 14 other countries ...
