  your governments do n't agree , are you going to blame us for that too ? 
  you did n't even respond to my statement on libya , figures , considering the collapse of libya is the biggest reason for this massive increase in migrants . 
  the country used to be a destination for immigrants , now it 's a jumping off point to get to europe . 
  nor have you mentioned how mama merkel encouraged all this to get worse with her comments about accepting all asylum seekers from syria . 
  you probably should n't look up what happened to the flag raisers . 
  lets look at where these refugees/migrants are coming from . 
  iraq/syria : they 're fleeing both assad and isis , yeah the invasion of iraq resulted in the power vacuum that allowed isis to come into existence , but it did n't cause the syrian civil war . 
  america is n't forcing assad to bomb civilians . 
  afghanistan : if we 're using the `` who ever fucked it up should take the refugees '' argument , they should all be sent to russia . 
  it was the soviet invasion that fucked that country so hard that the western world has spent 30 years trying to un-fuck it . 
  pakistan : do n't really know what we 've got to do with that mess . 
  eritrea : former italian colony . 
  somalia : we actually tried un-fucking that country , they dragged our soldiers through the streets like animals . 
  libya : cameron and sarkozy were all gung ho about intervening , the latter even wanted france to lead the intervention , not nato . 
  rest of africa : do i even need to explain this ? 
  it was the swiss and their military-industrial complex . 
  `` he was asking for it !, 
  if you do n't wan na get beheaded , do n't dress like an imperialist . 
  you ca n't expect poc ( people of crescent ) to contain their anti-colonialist urges . '', 
  keep telling yourselves that . 
  it 's a lithuaniaspheres joke though as well . 
  the french version actually manages to sound creepier than the german one . 
  argentina has white people ? 
  shots fired . 
  cmon man , let them have one thread where they 're not getting shit on . 
  send them to mosque-cow ? 
  [ good thing only communists care about inequality . 
  the feels, 
  `` what a lad , he goes ham or goes home . '', 
  and a swastika armband is just an indian good luck symbol . 
  it 's not like liberal is actually a pejorative term , people just use it as one if they hate liberals . 
  no , they just hate jews , homosexuals , and women who dare leave the kitchen . 
  [ segregation . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3068429/labour-sexism-row-men-women-segregated-party-rally-critics-accuse-selling-values-votes.html ), 
  our influence on the world never ceases to amaze me . 
   they still have n't gotten over the fact that no one wants to visit their shitty island . 
  calais ? 
   this includes most right parties as well . 
  yes , but generally they want less and prefer to let the free market reign . 
   it 's impossible to really support worker 's rights without being a bit anti-capitalist . 
  the progressive movement in the us and the labour unionist movement in the uk were n't anti-capitalist but still achieved great advances in worker 's rights in said countries . 
  as much as the far-left likes to scream and shout on the internet about how they 're responsible for every advancement in worker 's rights in the history of ever , that 's not the case . 
  you can also support things like worker co-ops , which exist just fine within capitalism . 
   most right parties support some kind of welfare as well . 
   it 's not extreme minority . 
  it 's political theorists . 
  which `` political theorists '' think only the far left can be called left wing ? 
  even marx himself described `` bourgeoisie socialism , '' referring to reformists and the like . 
   `` left wing '' generally connotes something further than ** center-left . 
  ** i 'm really struggling to understand how that is n't a contradictory statement . 
   in most countries this means democratic socialists , anarchists , ( maybe ) social democrats , marxist-leninists , etc. 
  in most countries none of those groups , aside from social democrats , are actually relevant . 
  why is the far-left so obsessed with policing the definitions of words ? 
  why do you care that social-dems call themselves left-wing ? 
  my favorite is anarchists get all butt hurt about libertarianism being generally considered a right wing belief system ( us libertarianism ) , instead insisting that libertarianism is anarchism , when originally it referred to believers in free will . 
  communism also originally referred to religious zealots but is now synonymous with marxism , and i do n't see anyone complaining . 
   merely looking at the war spending tells you all you need to know about wars . 
  no , it really does n't . 
  maybe the tories will throw a pig roast in celebration , labour is skewered . 
  how do you think they keep all the unemployed people warm at night ? 
  not as cringeworthy as building a 1 billion euro airport no one ever used . 
  and we 're not talking about the far left . 
  well it 's the political spectrum , it 's not written in stone . 
  but generally someone who supports state intervention in the economy , worker 's rights , welfare , progressivism , etc. 
  why should the extreme minority , the anticapitalist left , dictate what is left wing ? 
  social democrats arent anticapitalist . 
  because i do n't accept the far-leftist claim that you have to be anticapitalist to be left wing . 
  are you a far-leftist ? 
  is that a serious question ? 
  more jews = bigger financial center , obviously . 
   estonia is a scandinavia country, 
  [ such is life in eesti =( ] ( http://puu.sh/kkkeb/25a6afbb13.png ), 
  because they already made a movie showing how to escape . 
  i meant in the british way , you know , fucking kids . 
   i am a nihilist how 's 8th grade ? 
  thanks to pitcairn , whenever i hear about some small island population i wonder if they 're all fucking each other . 
   you see a lot of mexicans with the la raza racist bumper stickers all over california . 
  the motto of la raza is `` for the race , everything . 
  for outside the race , nothing '' what in the fuck ? 
  but muh german engineering !, 
  when people complain about multiculturalism they 're most likely talking about cultural relativism , the idea that no culture is better than another . 
  that idea was invented in the 1930s in reaction to the scientific racism of the nazis , by a [ german-american anthropologist . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franz_boas ) for a long time it was considered axiomatic in that field . 
  the frankfurt school marxists were trying to analyze society to explain why no revolution had taken place , as predicted by marx , referred to as `` the crisis of marxism . '', 
  they concluded that our culture and society had become so reactionary that a revolution was no longer possible . 
  instead , only the fringes of society , like feminists and minorities , had any revolutionary potential . 
  these people did n't want to preserve culture , they 're marxists , they think culture is a reflection of the mode of production , ie capitalism , feudalism , etc. 
  they want to destroy culture , destroy the family unit , destroy gender roles , destroy capitalism , destroy the state , etc , because according to them , only then will we be truly free . 
  a marxist would reject multiculturalism because multiculturalism assumes ones culture and ethnicity should be a component of your identity , to a marxist the only identity that matters is class . 
  but then again there are marxists like the black panthers who clearly believed their blackness was part of their identity . 
  i 've never really understood how ethnic nationalists could call themselves communists . 
  [ multiculturalism , the ideology , was basically invented by the canadian government . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multiculturalism_in_canada ), 
  if i went off what i read on the internet , i 'd conclude that in your country it 's not socially acceptable to get out of bed in the morning without first flogging yourself 6 million times . 
  or even hint at the idea that you 're proud to be german . 
  it 's pretty absurd to say burgerland is more `` pc '' than western europe when a buffoon like trump is leading in the polls for the republican presidential candidate . 
  you may think america is a land of leftist quackery because reddit is a massive leftist circlejerk , you 're only getting one side of the story . 
  gulag for you !, 
  she probably got a medal for that . 
  i 'm sure you know lots about what 's socially acceptable in a country you do n't even live in .
