  i think that 's what people are really saying when they bring up these deaths . 
  there are communists who do n't support central planning but they 're a minority . 
  are all the rooms bugged for added immersion ? 
  * negative * , * weak * , or * passive * atheism is the lack of belief in a god , and it makes no sense to self identify as a weak atheist . 
  babies are negative atheists , since they lack a belief in god , because they do n't know what god is . 
  it 's bullshit peddled by the / r/atheism crowd because they 're too philosophically ignorant to come up with any justifications for atheism besides `` where is evidence ? '', 
  stalin represents stalinism , mao represents maoism , people get lazy and blame communism . 
  there are so many splinter groups and sects of communist belief , the average person does n't really care enough to learn the difference between trotskyism and maoist 3rd worldism , for example . 
  your list is full of absurd simplifications , it does n't even make sense to blame capitalism for the atlantic slave trade considering slavery is a characteristic of the feudal mode of production according to marx . 
  if anything , capitalism helped abolish slavery because it became inefficient , like serfdom . 
  not to mention , to marx himself this list would n't be a very good argument for communism , he did n't pay much bother to moral arguments . 
  communism supersedes capitalism according to marx because it is more efficient , not because it does n't kill brown people . 
  so if you 're going to blame every dead brown person in the last 500 years on capitalism , are you also going to blame it for the massive increase in population , rising standards of living , and eradication of diseases that used to kill millions ? 
   multiculturalism is totally awesome , but i feel the americans do it way better than we do . 
  american first , everything else second . 
  that is n't multiculturalism . 
  how are they any less rational than north korea ? 
  which is why we 're sanctioning israel , right ? 
  because the whole world knows they have nukes . 
  if iran gave nukes to islamists who detonate one in israel , they will be a parking lot in minutes . 
  breaking news : scottish geologists announce discovery of massive underground salt deposits . 
  experts say it could last the autonomous region up to three whole independence referendums . 
  thatcher and new labour did the job for us m8, 
  [ norway right now . 
  he 's just helping donate salt to the iodine deficient peoples of the world . 
   i 'd guess would 've cost hundreds of thousands or maybe over a million in the us , but for him it was all free . 
  yeah , if he had literally no insurance . 
  yeah but you got to sink their navy instead . 
  ive learned from here that british food is delicious , germans are hilarious , the french are hard working , the swiss pay taxes , danes have a beautiful language , norwegians are ugly , finns are sociable , belgium exists , spain has shit weather , lithuanians love life , and poles can screw in a lightbulb . 
  you ca n't even put a monetary value on all the civilization you spread across the world . 
  our charity knows no bounds . 
  the bill gates foundation is dedicated to causes like ending malaria , something that obviously hardly affects america . 
  not to mention all the money going into cancer research charities . 
  i think a much more likely explanation is that americans have more disposable income . 
  i do n't understand your argument , since you have cheaper healthcare , why are n't you donating more ? 
  your welfare state does n't apply to starving children in the congo . 
  [ why are 23 of the worlds 35 wealthiest charities us based ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wealthiest_charitable_foundations ), 
  so how does that explain canada and australia ? 
  \\  the threat of nuclear armed iran is still a terrifying prospect why ? 
  i do n't really have a solid opinion on the uk leaving or staying in the union , but i checked yes for staying on that survey . 
  however i would not want to live in a federal eu so if that really is the endgame for the eu , i would vote to leave . 
  i have no problem letting skilled and educated immigrants into a country . 
  but even if i supported a more liberal immigration policy than australia or the us , i would n't want open borders . 
  why would any nation state support open borders ... ? 
  i would abandon them because of their immigration policies . 
  but nuclear power is a meaningful change that could lessen the uk 's contribution to climate change . 
  and i thoroughly disagree with them on both matters . 
  according to that `` i side with '' survey that was posted here i have more in common with the [ bnp , than the greens . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ebtqwdy.jpg ) that might say something horrible about me but eh , if i was british i probably would n't vote at all , which would make me part of the problem . 
  `` to prevent further nato aggression in outer space , president putin has announced a plan to annex the moon . 
  when german chancellor angela merkel was asked about the proclamation , she replied , ` it ca n't turn out any worse than kalingrad . ', 
  obama sarcastically responded to the news saying , ` we 've always known there were little green men on the moon ! ' '', 
  this is why i could never vote for a green party , combined with their anti-gmo bullshit . 
  how do you type with all that glue on your fingers ? 
  because left wingers love america ... ? 
  no wonder they love thatcher so much . 
  you mean / r/technology ? 
  well thank you for not caring , 
  i thought the west indies were sugar producers , not cotton ? 
  are the kennedy 's gone yet ? 
  i 'm sick of the media frenzy that happens after another one gets off 'd . 
  what a deal !, 
  if the man who helped make the british empire what is was said reclaiming the us was one of his life 's great ambitions , than maybe it was n't just a blip on the radar . 
  the british benefited immensely from the plantation system in america , it allowed them to become entirely unreliant on indian cotton . 
  had they still owned that land , it would have been even worse for india and the rest of the world . 
  i guess no one told cecil rhodes either . 
  it 's good to have friends , 
  quick , mention the boer wars !, 
  he was being hyperbolic but yeah the idea that cheerleaders are there to instill nationalism in a bunch of 17 year old boys is pretty funny . 
  the only thing they instilled in us were chubbys . 
  because hollywood is such a great moral barometer . 
  [ nope . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2h7p0v/some_question_on_afghanistan_are_the_taleban_and/ckq97cn ), 
  the nazi part , and the awards , yes . 
  edit : well the other comment was deleted so here 's my reply , from my experience only old teachers tend to care about the pledge , probably because they lived through the cold war . 
  by high school everyone is half asleep and mouths the words , if they bother to stand at all . 
  [ james may said it best . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfgriqtmsqo&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=311 ), 
  she could even be german . 
  http://i.imgur.com/ebtqwdy.jpg why is everyone getting the liberal dems ? 
  nice to know i have more in common with bnp than the green party ... 
  must be that amazon blood , makes them into formidable warriors in the bedroom . 
  true , i never left school with my gat . 
  during the pledge of allegiance , while the f22s flew over head , i would dissemble and reassemble it before the announcements ended . 
  could have been worse , it did n't mention female stereotypes . 
  [ stereotypical portuguese woman . 
  ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-vxvscvwbuza/tft9bk42ooi/aaaaaaaaaee/0seur1ixhp0/s640/bigode.jpg ) [ stereotypical brazilian woman . 
  how did you avoid being court martialed and shot ???!, 
   it 's because redditors are mostly teenagers and that age is when most of the imprinting is done so the nationalism still fresh . 
  everyone mentions the pledge of allegiance but it goes way beyond that . 
  they have pep rallies where the whole school prays and chants the national anthem , cheerleading squads that rile up the masses even more ( give me an s , give me an i , give me an e , give me a g . what does that spell ? 
  then everything is turned into a competition to create productive workers and efficient soldiers . 
  they do n't have regular school bands but marching bands . 
  schools do n't have clubs but competitions : spelling bees , math contests , debate teams , elections for class president , prom queen and prom king . 
  at the end of the year everyone who did n't win something still gets a title : most likely to succeed , most likely to work at walmart , most likely to die in iraq . 
  a lot of them grow out of it when they 're older but when you confront them with it they 'll still deny it because it 's embarrassing . 
  it 's like having a favourite uncle sam and later finding out it 's not normal that he touches you that way . 
  yep , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4ozat.jpg ) is what a pep rally looks like apparently . 
  could have sworn it was just an hour long excuse to miss class , clap for sports teams , and in the case of my senior pep rally , raise money for a kid with leukemia .
