  but like i said in my original post , the reason this article and the general idea of `` race reparations '' is met with such vitriolic response by europeans or whites in general is because it implies working class whites need to pay for something they had and have literally nothing to do with . 
  especially eastern europeans , who were once colonized by ottoman muslims and or russian communists . 
  their governments are just as corrupt and inept as the ones who would be receiving these reparations . 
  i dislike how some of the proponents of reparations make quasi-marxist analysis of the state of many poor countries but forget that marxism is not a moral critique of capitalism . 
  colonialism from a marxist perspective did n't happen because the evil europeans decided to murder some brown people , it happened because capitalism needs new markets and growth . 
  the average european has no more control over the bourgeoisie than the non-european being colonized . 
  the british government basically had to drag their populace into empire , and there were little englanders kicking and screaming the whole way . 
  that 's why they invented [ chartered companies , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chartered_company ) , because it allowed them to expand the empire without the need to raise funds from british taxpayers . 
  one thing some economists are big proponents of , that will not be well received here or in most places , is open borders . 
  there are economists who believe open borders are the best way to eradicate global poverty , but this of course raises some very big questions about the future of europe and developed countries . 
  at some point you have to ask is it worth destroying europe as we know it to try and end global poverty ? 
  personally i think open borders advocates are naive and utopian , you 're never going to convince most countries to renounce their status as nation-states . 
  imagine trying to convince the japanese or israelis that their country needs to allow anyone and everyone in . 
  tl ; dr i do n't know . 
  it 's not on ideology of peace on paper m8, 
  [ my intentions were good , and earnest , and true . 
  but under my hood ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/q0or1kk.png ), 
  pierre my son so many english servants, 
   colonialism is one of those things you 're not supposed to discuss in polite company -- at least not north of the mediterranean . 
  most people feel uncomfortable about it , and would rather pretend it did n't happen . 
  what alternate universe does the author live where this is true ? 
   developing countries are poor because of their own internal problems , while western countries are rich because they worked hard , and upheld the right values and policies . 
  no i 'm pretty sure the `` official story '' is that it 's really complicated . 
  take argentina , a country that is inhabited mostly by the descendants of ethnic european colonists and was once a relatively wealthy country with a bright future . 
  things went so downhill economists coined the phrase `` argentinian paradox '' to describe a country going from successful to utter shit . 
   if colonialism is ever acknowledged , it 's to say that it was not a crime , but rather a benefit to the colonised -- a leg up the development ladder . 
  once again , what alternate universe does he live in where white people are still taught the idea of the white man 's burden ? 
   the reparations debate is threatening because it completely upends the usual narrative of development no it 's threatening because it implies working class white people need to pay for the crimes of our ancestors bourgeoisie overlords . 
  when africa was being colonized our ancestors were slaving away in disgusting factories , owned by capitalists who had no regard for their safety or quality of life . 
   it was like the holocaust seven times over yeah if the holocaust was jews dying of diseases they had no exposure to . 
   by the early 1800s , a total of 100m kg of silver had been drained from the veins of latin america and pumped into the european economy , providing much of the capital for the industrial revolution . 
  yet , one reason why spain and portugal are so undeveloped compared to the uk and germany is because , thanks to their massive gold and silver reserves imported from the new world , they never had to develop domestic industry . 
  germany did n't even exist when these countries were conquering the known world , and when it did come into existence their african empire was pretty pathetic , they basically got left overs . 
  now germany is the largest economy in europe , 70 years after being bombed to shit and loading tens of millions of citizens . 
   they point out that when britain abolished slavery in 1834 it compensated not the slaves but rather the owners of slaves , to the tune of # 20m when britain established a minimum wage did they go back and pay working class people who had previously made below that sum the full value of their labor hours ? 
   mike davis calls the `` late victorian holocaust yeah because a book literally called `` late victorian holocausts '' does n't seem biased at all . 
   these snippets hint at the contours of a world economic system that was designed over hundreds of years to enrich a small portion of humanity at the expense of the vast majority . 
  yeah it 's called capitalism . 
   rebalancing the global economy . 
  when was the world economy ever `` balanced ? '', 
  is there some time period i do n't know about , aside from maybe prehistoric times where humans lived in hunter gatherer societies , where everyone got their fair share of the worlds resources ? 
  where there were no slaves , serfs , peasants , wage laborers ? 
  what the fuck is the point of paying reparations without just abolishing capitalism all together . 
  why must the working class of europe pay reparations for crimes they had nothing to do with just so the african and arab ruling class and bourgeoisie can squander it all on mercedes and mansions . 
  either destroy the system that necessitated colonialism or let it run its course and try to industrialize the developing world , which is what mainstream economists believe is going to happen . 
  all you 're doing is replacing white capitalists with black capitalists , good job , that 's worked out swell in south africa and zimbabwe . 
  `` get a load of this posh little git , we ca n't all afford to live in london n speak the queen 's english you rich wanker . '', 
  sorry i could n't resist . 
  when trump was endorsed by the american nazi party it made the front page , so i do n't really know what hypocrisy you 're talking about . 
  anyway , endorsements are not the same as accepting donations . 
  if trump accepted money from the anp or david duke , it would say far more about him than just getting their endorsement . 
  politicians have no control over who endorses them , but they can certainly refuse to accept their money . 
  designated ? 
  `` representatives are strapping up for today 's debate on latex in the european parliament , more at 11 . '', 
  by what logic ? 
  there are people who actually think it 's real ? 
  i do n't understand why we should care who endorses politicians , barack obama was endorsed by the communist party of america , does that mean obama is a communist ? 
  je suis stumped, 
  your flag is a big plus . 
  someone had to say it . 
  they harass german boys instead of girls . 
  i want the czech republic to leave , so we can call it the czechout . 
  no , i did n't think of that myself . 
  i do n't think / u/gewalt _ disney was implying only ethnic germans should have access to welfare , just german citizens . 
  libertarians in america use the same logic to call sanders a national socialist , `` he wants socialism , but just for americans , he 's a national socialist xddd '' pls stahp, 
  i apologize for my ignorant american friend , we do n't learn much about indonesia in school , so he does n't know what your flag looks like . 
  if the kid in that video was brown , making fun of his bad grammar and slurred speech would be considered classist and ableist . 
  but he 's a white hooligan , so it 's ok . 
  that subreddit is pure cancer , i remember when two cops in new york were murdered , as in * shot in the back of the head while kneeling , * there were morons in that sub defending it . 
  they literally believe `` all violence against the police is self-defense . '', 
  i wonder if they would defend someone who raped a police officer , because hey , it 's all self defense . 
  i also wonder what happens when these types get arrested by non-white police officers , like , do they straight up accuse them of being race traitors ? 
  or try to plead with them , `` no you do n't understand , i 'm trying to liberate you from the white supremacist , capitalist , imperialist , cisgendered , heteronormative patriarchy !, 
  stop handcuffing me , you only have your chains to break !, 
  join me brother !, 
  join me ! '', 
  that actually never happened , it was made up to make the poles look stupid . 
  you joke , but * protocols of the elders of zion * was translated into arabic by many middle eastern regimes and taught as fact in schools . 
  in 2005 it was a best seller in syria . 
  no wonder jews are leaving europe . 
  sounds like something that would happen in australia , just more evidence that austria really is australia . 
  imagine bernie sanders if he hated america and wanted to let mexico annex texas , that 's jeremy corbyn . 
  he looks like a substitute teacher who just got btfo by a student . 
  such low energy , corbyn is a mess . 
  `` please come . '', 
  so what in god 's name goes on over at the social-democrat youth league ? 
  i thought about replying to his babble but saw the serbian flair and realized it was pointless . 
  windows to see what , the ocean ? 
  when did [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b0/uss_zumwalt_%28ddg-1000%29_at_night.jpg ) become more attractive than [ this ] ( http://puu.sh/nhmmp/c666abf48f.jpg ) ? 
  so sick of these modern beauty standards , expecting flawless engineering and performance . 
  the gun turret on the main battery looks like one of those fancy cigarette holders . 
  as a grave digger , he probably knows all serbia 's national secrets . 
   greater britain : ireland the absolute madman, 
  just a bit o ' banter lads . 
  about as long as the greek workday . 
  can someone translate ? 
  google wo n't let me . 
  it 's a window into the polish national psyche . 
  the popcorn overfloweth . 
  who cares if [ 1/3rd the country 's population ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet%e2%80%93afghan_war#refugees ) ( 5.5 million people ) became refugees , and over a million civilians died , women could go to school !,
