  [ what are you looking at ? 
   estonian blood on me freudian slip xaxaxaxa, 
  how long is the chocolate aisle ? 
  throw in the islamic crescent swedish flag and you 've got yourself some dank fucking shit man . 
  still faster than potato . 
  when will the madness end ? 
  the oakland athletics suck . 
  jazz hands all around . 
  why do i feel like i 'll be seeing [ this picture ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/userdata/galleries/4616/oxid1.jpg ) in sweden memes a lot in the near future . 
  i wonder if poland would give it back to russia ... 
  you 're replying to yourself m8 it 's pretty spooky . 
  it 's all part of the smear campaign . 
  but corbyn wants to leave nato . 
  shut it down boys , dismantle the warheads , scram the reactors , nukes did n't prevent 9/11 , therefore they are worthless . 
  why do turks have such a massive persecution complex ? 
  this meme shows up every time someone mentions our healthcare on reddit , even though it makes no sense . 
  jan pawl say only god into genetics , man no play god . 
  why is that little part of wales green ? 
  to be honest , i do n't really mind , because this shows is that even with the best healthcare and education systems in the world , europeans still do n't have babies . 
  rekt, 
   i 'm saying it does n't happen automatically just because you apply . 
  just 84 % of the time . 
   are they and the details around the dublin convention regularly trickled down communicatively to the applicants ? 
  he may have been acting in ignorance , is what i 'm saying . 
  he could n't have just asked the swedish immigration office ? 
   who the fuck knows but perhaps he heard that sweden is more lenient , and when he was denied swedish asylum he might have thought his best chance was blown . 
  or maybe he just wanted to live in sweden because like many refugees/migrants he has been promised the world by human traffickers . 
   he is entitled according to international law regarding refugees , internationally agreed to in ' 54 . 
  he 's entitled to asylum . 
  he 's not entitled to asylum in his country of choice . 
  his right to asylum was not violated , he never exercised it in the first place . 
   breivik 's fantasy of living in a europe that in his mind was n't being invaded by `` evil moslems '' did n't come true and he went out and killed a bunch of innocent people . 
  yes , and if i said , `` well norway , if you had just gassed all the immigrants this never would have happened . '', 
  that would be absurd and victim blaming . 
   99 % of people on planet earth do n't go to sweden and apply for asylum either because they know they have no right to live there . 
   and where - anywhere - do you see me talking about the victims choices in this ? 
  the only point i can even see you making is that swedish people in general somehow are victims and i 'm blaming them for swedish laws currently in place . 
  i 'm not making that fucking point so why do n't you just give up ? 
  you 're claiming sweden actually did something wrong . 
   and the eu are still trying to limit access into europe by refugees . 
  how ? 
  have they stopped rescuing the boats ? 
  have they made tony abbot supreme leader of the eu ? 
   they do and have done plenty of wrong in regards to asylum seekers and european conventions in relation to it . 
  such as ? 
  what country in the world does more than sweden for immigrants and refugees ? 
   elliot rodgers did n't have to deal with being fucking deported , possibly even all the way back to eritrea ( you are aware that the dublin convention does n't grant you asylum in the first country to get to , right ? 
  you have to re-apply ) , which is one of the worst fucking governments in the entire world . 
  why are you assuming he would n't have been granted asylum in italy ? 
  if eritrea is as horrible as you say it is , why would n't he ? 
  according to eurostat , [ 84 % of eritream asylum requests are granted . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_quarterly_report#decisions_on_asylum_applications )  so if he was denied in sweden ( dublin convention aside ) , how hopeful do you think he 'd be with italy ? 
  his right to asylum was not denied , his privilege to live in sweden was revoked . 
  he never applied for asylum in italy . 
   `` refugees welcome psych not welcome '' they are welcome , if they follow the law . 
   but yeah elliot rodgers is totally applicable here , totally . 
  elliot rodgers thought he was entitled to have sex with women , this guy thought he was entitled to live in sweden . 
  when they realized their fantasies were never coming true , they killed innocent people . 
   was n't even allowed to try : ~ ) and neither will 99 % of people on planet earth because we foreigners do n't have an unalienable right to live in sweden . 
   this man was n't , which , according to him , led him to commit these murders . 
  or do you think he would have done so even if he had been granted asylum ? 
  or did he somehow know he was going to be denied and was just looking for an excuse to murder some shoppers ? 
  or what ? 
  it does n't matter now , two people are dead , he killed them . 
  that 's the whole point of victim blaming , `` what if 's '' do n't matter . 
  what if she was wearing a longer skirt ? 
  what if she gave him a chance ? 
  what if she had been more careful ? 
  what if - insert post hoc rationalization of the crime here - it does n't matter . 
   so in practice , the dublin regulations is a `` buffer zone '' against refugees . 
  and the eu just passed a quota system which will distribute these refugees , to alleviate some of the pressure on countries like italy and greece . 
   sweden did nothing wrong fuck you . 
  sweden did nothing wrong . 
   he was forced to apply for asylum in italy and as those statistics showed , he almost certainly would have been granted asylum . 
   had he actually been welcome as the snark austrian sarcastically shat as a comment , the murderers whole rationale would n't have existed and if those sorority girls would have just put out , elliot rodgers never would have murdered them all !, 
   and those people might not have been killed . 
  because clearly this man was a fully functioning , normal human being . 
  stabbing two people to death is a totally normal response to being told you have to live in ( * gasp * ) italy , and not sweden . 
  just like shooting up a sorority house and stabbing multiple people is a totally normal response to being turned down by a girl . 
  he would have surely went on to become a productive member of swedish society . 
   that 's the real irony here . 
  the real irony is you 're an anarchist engaging in victim blaming , how very feminist . 
  sweden literally did nothing wrong , according to the dublin regulations , he had to apply for asylum in italy . 
  he was welcome to apply for asylum , * in italy . 
  `` let me live in your country or i 'll kill you ! '', 
  so ... victim blaming ? 
  cut this swede into pieces this is my ikea fork [ and knife combo set , a great value ! ], 
  why be independent if you do n't even control your own currency ? 
  this would be a great question for baltic russians !, 
  pax britannica anyone ? 
  the islamic state of iraq and syria ? 
   professor verene shepherd , chair of the national commission on reparation , told the jamaica gleaner that nothing short of an unambiguous apology from cameron would do , while a jamaican mp , mike henry , called on fellow parliamentarians to turn their back on cameron if reparations are not on the agenda , ** noting that the jamaican parliament has approved a motion for the country to seek reparation from britain . 
  **  `` if it is not on the agenda , i will not attend any functions involving the visiting prime minister , and i will cry shame on those who do , considering that there was not a dissenting voice in the debate in parliament , '' he told the newspaper . 
  my great-great grandfather was born in scotland , when they become independent and receive reparations for centuries of evil english imperialism , how much do i get ? 
  thank 's blair !, 
  gulag for you , reactionary scum . 
  the problem with `` political islam '' and `` islamism '' is that their proponents and critics alike debate whether or not they are actually useful terms and if `` political islam '' is a redundant statement . 
  a modest proposal ... 
  next up on * not gear * , jeremy clarkson imagines a world without paris . 
  so he 's like the anti-sandman ?
