   commiting mass murder and terrorism from ramstein air base . 
  such as ? 
   i blame them for still not letting us have our own history books . 
  [ citation needed ]  i blame them for spying on everyone of us . 
  you should blame your government even more for letting them do it . 
   i blame the us whenever it 's appropriate and whenever i want . 
  nah you just blame us for everything apparently . 
   i blame my government for their fuckups which there are plenty no , you blamed us for your government 's absurd fiscal policies . 
   but we 're talking about the us right now are we , mr.patriot ? 
  being a patriot is n't frowned upon here , we 're not like germans . 
  but you probably blame us for that too . 
  even though the western allies totally gave up on denazification after a few years . 
  it was the soviets who pounded guilt and anti-nationalism into the heads of germans , and it was your government who took it upon themselves to do it to contemporary germans . 
  do n't blame us for your government going full retard with austerity . 
  yes the gdr was totally independent , was n't a satellite state at all . 
   but if it was then the times were better that 's for sure . 
  so then why did they have to build a wall to keep people in ? 
  russian socialists used to write your textbooks , how was that ? 
   tells you what to do . 
  [ that 's strange , you seem to have disobeyed our orders then . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/01/barack-obama-right-europe-wrong-great-recession-eurozone-economic-blunders ), 
  but that would make such a good polanball comic . 
   extremely gentle he just wanted to become a barber , look at that straight razor he 's holding . 
  \\  of europe \\  europe \\  ca n't into europe \\  ca n't even meme arrow, 
  and let them fight for an organization raping and pillaging their way across the middle east ? 
  as citizens they 're your responsibility . 
  why put actual british and french lives at risk trying to capture these people when you can just drone them ? 
  and gays , it 's the perfect plan . 
  so do you think britain and france should stop killing their citizens who are fighting for isis ? 
  `` europe . '', 
  i remember reading about the horrors of the estonian congo in school , it was awful . 
  ... and everyone they 've spied on . 
  police brutality is an issue in portugal ? 
  zyklon b infused meatballs . 
  does n't change the fact that we did n't `` drag '' them into war , their government was supportive from the beginning . 
   91 % ( in theory ) of uk 's amount of oil is a pretty large amount , is n't it ? 
  not enough to keep scotland from running a deficit twice that of the uk as a whole , especially since the [ snp predictions were bullshit . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/snp/11483905/nicola-sturgeon-admits-independence-oil-figures-were-wrong.html ) seriously , they were off by 90 % . 
  obligatory * assassin 's creed * comment . 
  how many iraqi freedom gallons is one libyan libert\u00e9 litre ? 
  i like my italians the way i like my freedom fries , with extra salt . 
   who cares about being relevant when you 're being dragged off into illegal wars by the likes of america ? 
  it 's funny because one of the biggest reasons you 're not independent in the first place is because you decided to go subjugate some brown people in the new world , failed , and bankrupted your country . 
  not relevant , but ironic . 
  also , we did n't install tony blair as the prime minister of the uk , you did . 
   i 'd rather be an irreverent country that uses public funds to build houses than built intercontinental ballistic missiles , or have a fully public health service . 
  with all that oil money you do n't actually have ? 
   switzerland considering the most common reason i see scots on reddit claim they should be independent is that `` we 're so far to the left of england , '' the idea that you could be the next switzerland is pretty absurd . 
  switzerland is a very conservative , right wing country . 
   finland , denmark , norway you 're not nordic and you never will be . 
  no one takes the piss out of italians for wwii because that 's like picking on a kid who rides the short bus . 
  we poke fun at you because we like you , 
  with your birth rates ? 
  good luck with that . 
  you 're not wrong , but can you really expect them to have allowed germany to get more powerful and bigger after having just fought the deadliest war in history at that point against them ? 
  independence from being relevant ? 
  to space and beyond !, 
  never been to northern ireland ? 
  ca n't tell if serious . 
  we use it for lube . 
  we 're gon na need a bigger drone . 
  that 's just disgusting . 
   eu federalists believe x lol you 're not building your straw man up enough , you 're supposed to use words like muh , feelz , realz , freeze peaches , etc. 
  grammatical errors that imply the person you 're arguing against is at best uneducated or at worst severely retarded ( think : muslamic rayguns video ) . 
  using `` lol '' just implies i 'm a soccer mom on facebook , how boring . 
  since that 's out of the way , how would a united states of europe ( if you 're ok with me calling it that , do n't wan na straw man you boss man ) be run mr. eu federalist , how would you get rid of ( do n't wan na assume anything , you might be an eu-federalist-fascist or pans-european marxist-leninist ) or reform/modify the eu parliament ? 
  you could have just answered this in the first place ( no , mr. raven0520 , this is not the institution we want running europe , in fact we want ____ ) but that would n't allow you to point out a logical fallacy , which is , in addition to insulting and belittling the other person , how debates on reddit are settled . 
  who ever can name the most logical fallacies wins , so far you 've got one . 
  but why should germans in germany care about the ones who left ? 
  it 's not like there 's some special repatriation program for ethnic germans from the diaspora . 
  free land in the middle of nowhere and some money to buy farming equipment , that was the extent of our welfare state . 
  what makes you think the eu parliament would get any better if you handed them more power , money , and prestige ? 
  well it 's better than fucking a dead pig . 
  just imagine if somehow switzerland had come out on top , this place would have a meltdown . 
  rare flag . 
  that eu federalists want the eu to run europe is a strawman ? 
  did i say europe should emulate our congress ... ? 
  11 million people were killed in the holocaust ... 
  ca n't wait for all the '' / r/europe is literally stormfront !! '', 
  comments . 
  most of which will undoubtedly be from american leftists who are incapable of viewing race relations through anything other than their own warped point of view . 
  this is the institution federalists want to run europe ? 
  deep . 
  i just grinded my way through the nurnberg in * world of warships . 
  * it 's amazing the german navy in either world wars was actually able to traverse stretches of water bigger than mill ponds , seeing as how every 5 seconds their engines were knocked out . 
  now i get to grind 100,000 + xp on a ship that never actually existed , the '' * yorck * . '', 
  which apparently stinks , but i guess the * admiral hipper * is worth it . 
  will the madness ever end ?!? 
  [ made me think of this . 
  this is true . 
  they were also a great power , europe gets really weird when you become super-belgium . 
   they then castrated him and sent the severed organs to the hezbollah official , before dispatching the unfortunate kinsman with a bullet in the brain . 
  this is awful , why am i laughing so much ? 
  das it mane, 
  i like to think i improved swedish culture . 
  the most powerful country on earth , that 's what . 
  [ lol ] ( http://puu.sh/lemhk/3f41cea24d.jpg ) you do n't wan na know what i did to the swedes ... 
  [ i 'm not downvoting you m8 ] ( http://puu.sh/lekhm/945fb7cb17.png ) , must be that mexican persecution complex kicking in . 
  israel should send in mossad , for maximum confusion . 
  nobody dislikes the french here m8 , it 's called a joke .
