  fear not , britain wo n't have any strategic allies if corbyn becomes pm , except maybe palestine . 
   held their victim captive from the time he was brought to britain when he was 14 years old by that time he was already an old man by british standards . 
  sweden pls, 
   used i take it you did n't see that thread about britain being the most generous country in europe ? 
  but how did those poles expect us to get them involved in the liberation of poland without any help from the soviets ? 
  paratroop them into warsaw during the uprising ? 
   i 'm lost . 
  ask it again and i 'll do my best . 
  what could the united states of america have done to save the second polish republic in world war ii ? 
   to break a promise . 
  when did we promise to save them from the soviets ? 
  your example is that  before 1944 federal elections roosevelt took some photo-ops with polish-americans in chicago with the backdrop of the map of how poland was supposed to look after ww2 . 
  he did a photo-op with some polish americans , is that somehow a binding international agreement ? 
  what was he supposed to tell polish-americans , `` sorry guys , you 're home country is proper fucked . '', 
  we were allied with the soviets at the time , it would have been rather awkward for him to go on record at that time and say the russians were just occupiers , not liberators . 
  i never said the nordic countries were socialist . 
  i never said the nordic countries have planned economies . 
  are you denying that the nordic countries have long histories of welfare capitalism , labor unions , progressivism , and protectionism ? 
  norway is an extremely protectionist country , for example . 
   turn off fox news , europe is n't fucking socialist . 
  these days it 's bernie sanders and crew who run around calling the nordic model socialism . 
   that 's easily a topic for another major thread , so please do n't try to distract from the main fact you did n't answer my question m8  us did betray poland during ww2 betrayal implies there is something we could have done , which is why i asked the question in the first place . 
   if i were to list american war crimes and crimes against humanity my post would have been much longer . 
  i really do n't care what the nice guy ^ tm of countries thinks about america . 
  you know what i meant . 
  what reason could we have given stalin to not annex poland ? 
  a strongly worded letter ? 
  maybe they 'll pay us to come live in europe !, 
  i 'm 1/148 norwegian , where is my aliyah money ? 
  hold on son , you forgot your bible . 
  can you really say it 's free-market capitalism 's fault when various communist countries also experienced low birth rates in the 20th century ? 
  i think it has more to do with the general change in attitudes towards women working . 
  none of the nordic countries have replacement birth rates and i do n't think anyone would claim those countries subscribe to laissez faire capitalism . 
  historically , communist countries ( ironic , seeing as how marxism is a feminist ideology ) like the soviet union and albania increased the birthrate by making abortion illegal , that would never happen in western europe . 
  what we were supposed to do to save poland from the soviets ? 
  we once outlawed alcohol . 
   us committed a war crime selling poland out to stalin . 
   dead people ca n't provide you with information that can help to destroy terror networks . 
  and how do you suppose we get this information out of him ? 
  peace for our time !, 
  she 's not saying anything that 's dumber than what swedish politicians already say , but she 's jewish , so this is apparently evidence of the international jewish conspiracy . 
  if you hang around the seedier parts of the internet for more than 5 seconds , you 'll see this video . 
  [ angela is that you ? 
  and an accordion ? 
  no , they support islamist terrorism because of their absurd contrarianism and self-loathing . 
  i mean , that 's not why they 'll tell you they back them , but it 's the real reason . 
  why are you friends with maoists on social media ? 
  is n't that the same argument used by pro-gun people ... ? 
  `` why bother banning guns , the bad guys have them already ! '', 
  i mean c'mon , it 's - current year - !, 
  i do n't know how he expects estonia to bring peace to the middle east . 
  maybe you guys can do that after you into nordic !, 
  well it 's commentisfree so is n't that like their unofficial blog space ? 
  ca n't anyone write stuff there ? 
  i think it 's pretty shit tbh . 
  sign on the dotted rhine . 
  if communists started blowing people up again , would anyone claim that the ideology of marxist-leninism or whatever brand of communism they subscribe to is n't part of the problem ? 
  the majority of communists do n't go around murdering people , nor do neo-nazis , but that does n't mean they are n't bad ideologies . 
  this is b8, 
  king of asia minor !, 
   people do bad things , religions do n't . 
  religions can not inherently be bad ? 
   the horrors of secular fascism in germany and italy but if we apply the line of reasoning from your first statement , we would conclude that `` nazism did n't do anything bad , nazis did . '', 
  100 fucking people . 
  really man ? 
  guys i do n't think he 's being serious . 
  a kkk uniform is n't very discrete , it would n't be good for burning down refugee centers . 
  who do you think runs the corporations and the banks man , learn to use the internet . 
  because they run amerikkka , obviously . 
  we 're being occupied by zionists . 
  nope , they control everything , a german told me so . 
  but that 's controlled by the jews and uncle sam . 
  i ca n't educate myself , big bad uncle sam wrote all my textbooks . 
  `` i ca n't actually refute anything you 're saying , so i 'll just claim to be the better person . '', 
   germans made that happen not americans . 
  has nothing to do with occupation . 
  it 's kind of hard to claim someone is occupying you when they do nothing to stifle your power and prosperity . 
   the middle east . 
  really detailed answer . 
   that would be victim blaming . 
  because the german government are the victims here ? 
  sure . 
   you live in a star sprangled dream world . 
  i 'm done argueing with people sucking uncle sams dick . 
  i do n't blame you though . 
  i blame your news stations and education . 
  you live in a fantasy world where big bad amerikkka controls everything behind the scenes , if we were n't around you 'd just be blaming the jews again . 
  poor germans , they never have any agency , it 's always someone else 's fault . 
   yeah , because the last time people became patriots the way you do we ended up with hitler . 
  not really . 
  white ethnic nationalism in the us takes the form of neo-confederacism . 
  they hate the us and would like nothing more than to see it collapse and balkanize . 
  there are a lot of parallels between nazism and neo-confederacism , both groups were incapable of accepting that their countries lost wars fair and square . 
  [ the nazis blamed the jews for germany 's loss in wwi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stab-in-the-back_myth ) , and [ neo-confederates try to claim the south was unjustly invaded by the big bad industrialized north for trying to preserve states ' rights . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lost_cause_of_the_confederacy )  but luckily there are plenty of us citizens that do n't share your sentiments and do n't confuse loving your country with `` shut up and do n't think '' . 
  yes , pointing out that we are not in fact responsible for merkel and her austerity is telling people to `` shut up and do n't think . '', 
  your hitler comment is ironic though , seeing as how neo-nazis themselves think my country runs germany , that we are the living embodiment of the eternal jew . 
   still occupying our country so under our `` occupation '' you 've become the largest economy and most powerful country in europe ? 
  damn , if that 's true , a lot of countries are gon na sign up for american `` occupation . '', 
  sounds almost as bad as our present day `` occupation '' of japan .
