  the uk will annex calais and establish a british foreign legion out of the migrants to defend it . 
  russia will sell kalingrad to the eu as a place to put all the refugees . 
  argentina will join eurovision . 
  run trains , not guns . 
  hey patrick , what am i ? 
  * stupid ? 
  * no , i 'm texas !, 
  * what 's the difference ? 
  so you 're saying ... all we need to do is put signs up all over the balkans that say , `` no ethnic cleansing , '' and we 'll have ended the conflicts once and for all ? 
  since when did hippies like the government ? 
  the government bombs people man , they like , wan na squash the revolution , brother . 
  polish craftsmanship !, 
  to beat the terrorists , we must think like terrorists . 
  sweden yuo r genius !, 
  i do n't think anti-vaxer 's have an established political leaning , some are religious fundamentalists , others are hippie types . 
  this is what happens when you make women wear burkas , guys start blowing themselves . 
  eh yo we made it boyz !, 
  shut it down !, 
  [ we 're gon na need a bigger bar . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/fpxolhunxfm?t=11 ), 
   the point of not taking your husband 's surname ( with respect to sexism ) is that you 're not continuing the sexist tradition which originated from a daughter of the family literally becoming other family 's ( or the husband 's ) `` property '' . 
  but you 're still the property of your father . 
  if you really want to fight the patriarchy , chose a totally different name . 
  i do n't care what people do with their last name , i would n't care if i had a fiancee who did n't want to take mine . 
  but i would hope she 's doing so because she likes her last name , or as you said does n't want the inconvenience of changing her name , not because she thinks she 's fighting the patriarchy . 
  whose name do the kids take ? 
  see kids , communism works !, 
  oyyyy lmao, 
   because very few people expect russia to care about civilian deaths , whereas many people expect the usa and west to have minimal civilian casualties . 
  people do n't hold russia to the same standard as the us or western nations . 
  ca n't tell if this is satire or not . 
   `` they want to honour their family , '' stina lilja explained , adding that it is becoming less common for women to switch to their husbands ' surnames in gender-equal sweden , where some men opt for their new wives ' names while other couples do n't change their names at all `` suck it patriarchy , i 'm not taking my husband 's name , i 'm keeping my father 's name ! '', 
  nobody wants to be a part of that meme m8, 
  what a lovely photo album . 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand the thread has balkanized . 
   the universities are n't a problem . 
  in the grand scheme of things , no , they are n't . 
  this story will generate outrage and some jokes , but do you really think oxford is gon na remove that statue ? 
  conservatives have long believed academia to be a cesspit of subversive ideology , and this story plays into that trope , but the far-left has also claimed academia is bourgeoisie , reactionary , and out of touch with the working class . 
  who is right ? 
  i do n't know , there are kernels of truth to both statements . 
   the politicans were not the subject . 
  the subject was what is happening in the universities . 
  i was giving a possible reason for why these far-leftist groups might not actually need to exist in mainland europe , because being a communist , anarchist , or radical feminist in these countries is n't frowned upon nearly as much as in the anglosphere . 
  there has never been a significant far-left presence in the uk or us , where as for decades in continental europe , communist/socialist parties were actually relevant . 
  thus , the only place these ideologies could survive was universities . 
  identifying as a communist , or even atheist , in some parts ( read : deep south ) of the us will probably get your ass kicked . 
  being a communist in america is even - technically - illegal . 
  it makes sense that adherents of these ideologies would form insular , cult like groups and shield themselves from the criticism and mockery of society by withdrawing to universities . 
  the very ideologies these people belong to , whether it be marxism , anarchism , feminism , etc. 
  come out of europe . 
  yet for some reason i am to believe that my country , my extremely anti-communist , `` politically incorrect , '' nationalistic , jingoist country is responsible for these movements in europe . 
  the same country where it is perfectly legal to deny the holocaust , wave confederate flags all day , and hold public demonstrations of nazism , is somehow responsible for leftist anti-free speech activists in europe . 
   the first one makes no demands on action , it 's just an opinion . 
  denying the existence of swedish culture and the swedish ethnicity is just an opinion the same way creationism is just an opinion , it 's against reality . 
  but it 's not like this woman has never called for action , she has said that the ethnic swedish majority is `` the problem , '' that they must `` change their ways . '', 
  whatever that means . 
  it does n't matter what action this guy calls for , he 's irrelevant , he 's not even british . 
  the same goes for bahar mustafa and her student union friends , they have no real power , so they live in their own leftist bubble of student politics . 
  i 'll take loony student unions with no power over loony politicians with real power . 
  the green party are the closest thing to the swedish left in the uk , and they 've never been relevant . 
  they do n't sell condoms at pharmacies and grocery stores ? 
  do you live in arkansas ? 
  poor guy was just trying to solve germany 's demographic crisis . 
   and i do n't remember anything like this being reported from sweden either who needs retarded leftist student unions when you can just go into politics and actually get elected ? 
  i 've never seen a british politician claim there is no such thing as british culture . 
  even jeremy corbyn does n't approach the lunacy of swedish feminists . 
  because i 'm sure he knows what goes on at every university across italy . 
  * commiecard * access the full value of your wage labor anywhere within the socialist international !, 
  do n't let your dreams be dreams . 
  we / int / now boyz, 
   somehow i ca n't picture this happening in a latin country !, 
  we would never hear about it because 99 % of articles on this sub are english . 
  why would an international or british/american news agency run stories on student politics in mainland europe ? 
  we hear about all the retarded student politics of british universities because the british press reports on them . 
  yes , lets just ignore the long history of leftist student movements in continental europe . 
  \\  talks shit about our flag \\  has no flair, 
  [ you 're not wrong . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/08/marine_scout_snipers_with_ss_flag.jpg ), 
   but how could anyone ever benefit from the cecil rhodes scholarship then ? 
  is the only `` good faith '' option there that if you benefit from it , you also need to be a huge racist ? 
  is the only good faith option that no one can ever benefit from it ? 
  what happens to all that money then ? 
  i think the recipient should accept that cecil rhodes was a pretty horrible person , to whites and non-whites alike , and that he 's been dead for over 100 years . 
  but he also accomplished great things for britain , and is thus one of the most important british men in history . 
  having a statue of rhodes at such a historic british university is hardly inappropriate . 
  if you want to tear down all the statues of him in south africa , go ahead , but he is a vital character in the history of great britain . 
  calling for rhodes to be wiped from the face of britain is like calling for every bismark statue in germany to be destroyed because of his treatment of poles . 
  does this man also want every statue of gandhi in the world torn down ? 
  because gandhi was quite racist against blacks during his time in south africa . 
  i 've seen people call rhodes , `` the father of apartheid , '' which makes no sense at all . 
  apartheid was the result of afrikaner nationalists , rhodes famously betrayed the boers and viewed them as savage hillbilly 's infringing upon the glory of the british empire . 
  he fully supported the british war of conquest ( he helped organize the jameson raid too ) against the boer states and genocide of the afrikaner people . 
  to call him the father of apartheid is stupid , especially considering he died half a century before it came into existence , although there was racial segregation before that . 
  edit : just to clarify , when i say `` to whites and non-whites alike , '' i 'm not arguing he was n't racist . 
  stop the war coalition : we decry this barbaric deployment of soldiers , western governments have a proven track record of failing at nation rebuilding . 
  \\ #makeretweetsnotsandbags, 
   would you also say that a welfare receiver or a professor at a public university would be a hypocrite for criticizing their government ? 
  if they want to * destroy * said government , yes . 
  for example , ayn rand spent her life writing about the glory of free-market capitalism and the evils of `` statism . '',
