hang on , so you 're saying that scots is actually germanic when the scots themselves have celtic roots ? 
  ooh that 's interesting , in how far are irish gaelic and scottish gaelic similar ? 
  i do n't know either language , but i know sassenach is also scottish and that the scots originate from ireland :p, 
  alexander was from macedonia kappa, 
  i think the swiss one is the best , because it reflects the country best . 
  from statistics it was concluded that the effect of the turkey affair on voters choice was marginal . 
  i love how it says ` the vaterland ' when you hover over your flag icon xd, 
  maybe if you count the personal union of stadhouder willem iii who became king of britain . 
  ` er is ' means es gibt in dutch  no gender assumptions going on :p, 
  no of course not , that would be silly . 
  they believe they are robocop , with their fancy digital gadgets . 
  well it was n't like that at all times . 
  during the first world war the netherlands were neutral , but there was a lot of traficking over the dutch belgian border , which the germans did n't like behind their frontline , so they constructed miles of electric fence along the border . 
  since this was a completely novel idea for the people who lived along the border , many people underestimated or did n't fully understand how dangerous this was and many died from it . 
  my grandmother grew up in a village on the dutch-german border and there was border patrol along the border . 
  aside from crossingpoints at the roads however , the border mostly consisted of border posts , simple posts a couple of feet high . 
  smuggling happened quite a lot before and during the war . 
  i know of an old smugglers den , where they hid their wares in a forest near the border . 
  here is an example of a border post i found online : https://nl.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bestand:grenspaal.jpg, 
  nah , every one only gets one biscuit if it 's up to the dutch . 
  you put it the right way . 
  it 's not about being against this meassure , it 's about keeping in mind what a government should and should n't be able to do on moral grounds . 
  i 'm saying it is right to make vaccines mandatory , but that does n't mean we should downvote anyone reminding us that this is a sensitive moral ground . 
  even the daleks from doctor who were inspired by the nazis, 
  you 're welcome  i 've been doing quite some research this year into european regional development for my study , so i 've been using a lot of statistics according to this system . 
  i think according to nuts-2 , which is the intermediate scale of european regions . 
  great to see the rest of the ijsselmeer in the netherlands has been reclaimed as well . 
  i feel bad for you guys :(, 
  real men are crusading horses . 
  as a time traveler , it really helps for orientation when people use that argument . 
  fight fight fight fight !, 
  \u266b what do they saay ? ... 
  about the acropoliis . . where the parthenon iiis ? \u266b, 
  damn it theresa !, 
  aw . . let 's do one together then , i 'll start : \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ /, 
  i think that was a pretty bad joke , but i 'm not going to downvote . 
  i 'm just going to leave this comment here to let you know how disappointed i am , smh . 
  that 's because of their district voting systems , other democratic countries like canada or most western-european countries are much less polarised than the usa . 
  also in people do vote for third parties , despite the system discouraging that . 
  mind you , most of the western european democracies have broad political spectra . 
  and i thought the natural gas extraction in the northern netherlands was bad . 
  well they may be , but it 's not the average voters that voice their opinion the loudest . 
  he 's probably the mysterious ` other ' , who was involved with rasillon and omega in developing time lord society . 
  i bet doctor who has a hand in this . 
  i wish i lived there , it 's right up my alley . 
  restrict alcohol consumption in ireland ? 
  what world do they live in, 
  that 's actually pretty clever , maybe the netherlands and luxembourg should adopt a similar flag . 
  we could even have the same flag :d, 
  make austria-hungary great again !, 
  bloody belgians . . at least luxembourg has a proper flag , although it seems it 's been in the washing machine one too many times . 
  lidl is bad for american workers , this will change covfefe, 
  bet the thories are going to win . 
  i knew it . . 
  the belgian conspiracy, 
  all jokes aside , why is belgium still a thing guys, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  that really helps . 
  what i meant by on average semi-interested is that there are some who are really interested in buildings like this ( me included ) , but there are also some who would walk in and out and then go find a cafe terrace . 
  so i 'm trying to find a good balance between active and cultural for everyone , but if need be we 'll probably split up at some point . 
  - william octavianus augustus cruijf of orange, 
  says the person whose flair says stinkycheeseland :p, 
  i 'm going on a 5-day holiday in barcelona this summer , anyone have any interesting suggestions for a group of 22 ~ year old guys who are on average semi-interested in cultural activities/places of interests ? 
  ( no need to hold back on more active suggestions ), 
  something old , something new , something borrowed , something * wololo * red . 
  luxembourg is not a microstate !, 
  you 're blue now , that 's all that matters . 
  when was this ? 
  i do n't even remember this :p, 
  they 've got some great ice cream though, 
  luckily i spent a whole day in siena , but i just missed the palio ( horse races ) . 
  pisa as far as i know is mostly the tower where it is always crowded and the duomo , but if you want to see a cathedral you might as well go to florence or siena . 
  i went to siena and florence , but regretfully neglected stopping by san gimignano :(, 
  ah but did you go down the secret passage to claim alta\u00efrs gear ? 
  if you look closely you can see an assassin jumping from one of the towers into a haystack, 
  crisis ? 
  what crisis ? 
  ** menu screen intensifies **, 
  ca n't beat portubola with all their island forts, 
  bulgaria 's performance proves you can never have enough fans . 
  look closely at the voting , this is european international relations . 
  well first i wrote vonqua , but then i thought no it has to look a little more like the original , because i did n't expect most people to make the link with guillaume , but you 're right . 
  voncat would be better . 
  ?  netherlands ? 
  why is there nothing in front of the greater-than sign ? 
  mostly re-export , but also very intensive agricultural production . 
  your mother was a hamster and your father smelled of elderberries !, 
  achievement unlocked : mare nostrum, 
  what i 'm suggesting is that the ns through a company in ireland pays tax , which is not the same as investing money in resources . 
  so correct me if i 'm wrong , but the way i understand it is that instead of having a circle of paying tax to the government and receiving subsidies from that government ( thus no money is in fact substracted from the dutch public sector ) , the ns now indirectly lose money to a third party : the irish government . 
  so even though it may seem to the ns that they 're losing less money by paying less tax , they 're actually crippling their subsidiser and therefore biting their own tail . 
  i only see john cena, 
  but if they 're paying taxes to ireland does n't that mean that dutch taxpayer 's money ends up in the coffers of the irish government ? 
  they probably finnished their shift . 
  so those british died for nothing, 
  subscribing to an opinion held by the majority of the people does not automatically warrant blind following . 
  people are n't brainwashed , their opinions are shaped by their environment . 
  so yes , if you live in poland you are likely to have a negative opinion of russia , because most of the people around you do . 
  does that mean you blindly follow the elites ? 
  no of course not .
