if merkel is the standard in modern times , then i have clearly been born in the wrong time period . 
  this is so fuckin sad . 
  the woman ruins her nation , sacrifices its future for the older generations who will gladly vote vor her in their own ignorance , she destroys southern europe 's economies , she treats democracy with disdain , and you call her well respected ? 
  i call her an incompetent puppet that should have been removed from office a long time ago . 
  sadly , germans are way too apathetic towards politics to care . 
  as long as their hunger is manageable and they got a place to live , they 'll cope . 
  weird mix of pity and scorn i feel for my people . 
  '' [ ... ] which has also coincidentally had a well respected and fairly effective leader during this period '' i lol 'd, 
  well , i just wanted to point out that us interference in domestic affairs did indeed exist in western europe . 
  obviously large parts of the population * were * already `` sucking the us boots '' , but there were also a ton of people who despised the us and wished for a more socialist approach . 
  wrong , gladio existed in several european countries `` threatened '' by communist sympathizers . 
  nato 's budget is like ... off the top of my head , 15 times higher than russia 's ? 
  even germany 's military budget almost rivals russias , and the eu 's combined gdp makes russia look like a joke . 
  what is there to be scared of ? 
  ironically , the biggest threat atm seems to be erdogan 's turkey , and those guys are part of nato ... 
  i do n't see how it 's mutually beneficial for e.g. 
  germany to have us american troops stationed inside their borders . 
  we pay for a lot of their expenses here and what do we get in return ? 
  defense so that stronk russia ca n't stomp us ? 
  who 's to invade europe ? 
  and do n't even make me go into the us ' spying activities , the german government has 0 backbone to still allow this like 6 years after the nsa 's spying of european governments , politicians and companies have become public knowledge . 
  well it * was * your country 's fault , japan was not looking for war with the us . 
  * again * , i am not judging whether going to war with japan was right or wrong , or whether japanese imperialism shoulda been tolerated , just ** stating facts ** . 
  pearl harbour was a calculated risk and allowed american authorities to go to war with japan . 
  if you seriously think poor little usa only defended itself then you are the delusional one . 
  i am merely stating facts , not judging about nations ' morality . 
  maybe you should stop acting like an imbecile and actually use your brain before you accuse other people of having lost their minds . 
  yes we are . 
  i just do n't think america should be the one `` keeping them outta there '' . 
  european countries are very well capable of defending themselves . 
  because italy was a major threat and tons of us soldiers lost their lives in that operation ... 
  guess that was a pretty heroic move after all * shrugs *, 
  no , i would n't mind that at all . 
  after all , being arrogant is always a subjective kind of thing . 
  when a veteran pianist calls a hobby pianist an amateur , is he being arrogant ? 
  when the netherlands tell the us they have no idea of human rights , are they being arrogant ? 
  when countries with decent education systems tell a country with a shitty education system that their population is ... well , uneducated , are they being arrogant ? 
  your colleges ... let 's just say their quality is questionable . 
  and you do n't even need to be * good * at the stuff you learnt to graduate , you just have to * remember * parts of it for tests every 6 months . 
  i did not minor in history and you still sound like a fool to me when you talk of how the us have saved the free world since 1941 . 
  i am not * defending * their aggression , i am * explaining * it . 
  maybe you should learn to read before pretending you know anything about history . 
  this is the reason why everyone hates your country . 
  you are a tool and you do n't even realize it . 
  what the hell does 1941 have to do with it ? 
  the us did n't come to europe to clean up until operation overlord . 
  your government kept waiting until 90 % of european forces had killed each other to then step in and stop the su from annexing the entirety of germany because that would n't fit into your country 's plans . 
  japan literally * had * to start the war with the us because they could n't sustain their war economy any longer due to the us ' embargo upon them . 
  and no , you do n't get credit at all . 
  countries * never * deserve credit because all they do , they do for the interest of their ruling class . 
  well i 'd rather have everyone taking care of their own shit instead of a pseudo-benevolent empire overthrowing governments and puppeting states at will . 
  germany 's front lines were completely unsustainable at that point . 
  the reich had no gas left , tanks had to be abandoned because they simply would move no further . 
  the soviet union had modernized its military , england was still well and kickin ' , and you still pretend the us saved europe from german occupation ? 
  god you 're blinded by years of indoctrination . 
  you literally * occupied * germany and japan . 
  the marshall plan was supposed to form germany into a bulwark against communism , not to bring prosperity and happiness to its citizens . 
  and i wo n't even go into japan and how the us robbed them of major parts of their cultural identity . 
  pax americana ? 
  fuck that , i 'd much rather have a massive power vacuum than have self-proclaimed `` defenders of western morals '' assassinate governors and invade countries whenever it fits their agenda . 
  i lol 'd . 
  america spends huge amounts of money to protect innocent europeans ... military-industrial sector has nothing to do with it , nope folks , nothing to see here , move along . 
  including the uk . 
  well first of all , i 'd like it if the highest ranking eu official was n't a corrupt ass who made ridiculous tax deals during his time as luxemburg 's pm ... 
  i 'm at university atm so this is all i 'll write for now , maybe i 'll come back later . 
  the eu is a massive shitfest . 
  corrupt , slow , and overall useless in regards to everything where they would really matter . 
  so , honestly ? 
  england leaving is a nice wake up call . 
  maybe our arrogant eu bureaucrats will learn from that . 
  ... ah well , they probably wont , which means the eu is going to die . 
  but at least there 's a chance . 
  nah , i 'm saying `` germany is n't the big bad boy who plunged the world into chaos all on their own in the 20th century '' franz ferdinand 's assassination was the * trigger * for ww1 . 
  would n't have become such a shit fest without other powers ' ruthless meddling tho . 
   i 'd be wary of bringing up ww2 to complain about britain driving apart europe when you 're a german mate . 
  just saying . 
  what the fucks that supposed to mean ? 
  my people did n't fuckin provoke ww1 because they wanted to prevent a certain other power from becoming a major power . 
  and without ww1 , no ww2 mate . 
   it is adorable that you think you are n't being spied upon , lmao . 
  obviously i know i 'm being spied on , but at least my people are n't dumb enough to * appreciate * it . 
  we just have our nice american friends ' nsa spying on our chancellor 's phone and not giving a fuck . 
  and spying on our industry . 
  and , well , our citizens . 
  so , basically all of us . 
   she brings in a lot of money whatever helps you sleep at night . 
  did you honestly expect something with more substance in response to your `` everyone but me is an idiot '' ? 
  leave voters were fed up with the eu . 
  sure , at times they were fed misinformation . 
  but if they had n't already previously been fed up with the eu , that shit never woulda worked . 
  england leaving the eu is entirely the eu and its bureaucrats ' fault . 
  you ca n't blame `` dumb people '' , `` fake news '' or `` dishonest politicians '' for that . 
  say thanks to mr. juncker and van rompuy ( srsly who the fuck even knows that guy , what a fuckin great democracy ) if you really wan na complain . 
  well the english are n't exactly the most popular people in europe ... 
  yeah right , here we got one right in front of us . 
  wagenknecht is right tho . 
   odds are you probably are a dude with a twisted face ( warning , typical british ugliness ) , probably some soccer tattoos , a beer belly and an accent so thick that nobody can understand your outside of your neighbor . 
  jesus , those were some sick burns . 
  i love you french guys :d, 
  england has always been a shithole .
