  it was perfectly understandable though . 
  but cda wo n't work with gl . 
  i think both cda and vvd would rather have cu . 
  so they are right progressive . 
  they are not left wing . 
  it 's a shame you get so many downvotes simply for saying something that is n't `` yeaah woohoo well done netherlands you won '' . 
  the responses you 're getting are in a tone as if * you 're * the one who 's too naive to realize something perfectly obvious and logical ; but they illustrate perfectly why the eu is as paralyzed as it currently is . 
  we are 28 different countries acting indepedently from each other . 
  we just basically help each other make more money . 
  that 's what the eu was created for . 
  we are increasingly being played out against each other , both internationally and internally . 
  dutch people have gotten so used to our affairs not mattering in the grand scheme of things , that many have forgotten that the grand scheme of things * is * still very much out there and affects us . 
  is it a coincidence that this happened to happen a week before our elections ? 
  anyone who would have taken some time to gain insight into dutch internal affairs could have known that our last government had been receiving lots of criticism for ignoring problems , and behaving weak and appeasing diplomatically . 
  anyone with a gram of brains could have expected that a party trying to win elections would seek to score credit where ever possible . 
  does it really fall so far outside the realm of the possible to think of a situation where someone ( or someone 's big brother ally ) gave a little strategical consideration to this ? 
  erdo\u011fan was either going to have an opportunity to influence voters outside turkey , or a chance to rally more support internally by victimizing turkey ; and also to further isolate turkish communities abroad , making them easier to influence in the future . 
  people like to dismiss him as a ridiculous idiot because he 's disagreeable and it makes them feel good , but he ca n't possibly be truly such an idiot . 
  the guy 's been manoeuvring himself into absolute power for years now . 
  so if he is a genuine idiot , he 's been getting help . 
  help from someone who does n't want to see turkey develop closer ties with the west , as they 've been having ? 
  what country do we know that has been establishing puppet rulers in neighbouring regions ; destabilizing others trough hybrid warfare . 
  and who has been doing that pretty succesfully for some time now . 
  seriously if you ask me , we 've been giving putin the easiest game of civ that 's ever been played . 
  so not the same level, 
  yeah i 've only flown twice in my life , once to rome and once to alghero . 
  it felt ... unstable haha . 
  does mongolian law prohibit warm clothes, 
  can we give people lions pls, 
  he * `` has no interest in it . 
  '' * he 's afraid , yes . 
  yes haha, 
  you could drive . 
  we 've driven to both alberobello and matera . 
  my dad does n't fly :p but we do have family living 2000 km out the way . 
  mostly moroccans . 
  turks are mostly just there , being regular people . 
  it 's pretty well known but you can hardly force another government to change their policy without military intervention . 
  i was expressing my surprise and amazement at such a shortsighted comment as yours was . 
  maybe i was being unnecessarily impatient but i did n't realize it was my duty to censor my words as if they were directed at an overemotional toddler . 
  but there was no hostility whatsoever . 
  you on the other hand decide to respond with even more shortsightedness and hostile accusations . 
  i provided you with a somewhat silly example of why your line of reasoning does n't add up and you decide that i * must * have alternative intentions , namely being `` abusive '' ... 
  if i 'm being such a dick then why even bother responding . 
  you 're the one that 's being weird and avoidant . 
  the fact that many european governments make it their business to make sure that not * one * of their citizens ever has to be in an position that they literally ca n't provide any food and shelter for themselves or their family * is * pretty damn nice . 
  and not at all the golden standard in the world . 
  and exactly what the other user was describing . 
  the picture which you are painting of there not being enough economical prosperity to provide a government-sponsored luxrious living for everyone is a response to a claim nobody made . 
  which kinda makes it a strawman , whether you did it on purpose or out of lack of understanding . 
  edit : pro-tip ; telling a person who you feel seems angry at you to `` cool down '' is a sure fire way to a ) make them actually angry at you if they actually were n't before , or b ) make them even more angry at you . 
  just a tip for the future . 
  buddy . 
  he 's talking about living conditions . 
  which * are * pretty damn nice . 
  nowhere did he mention economy . 
  what have n't you ever seen people doing ? 
  apply for social security benefits ? 
  the hell is that even supposed to mean . 
  i 've never witnessed anyone emptying these [ glassbanks ] ( http://www.indeklundert.nl/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/glasbak-nieuw.jpg ) . 
  can i now conclude that it therefore does n't happen ? 
  our turkish population is one of the less troublesome groups of immigrants in that regard . 
  they are very much a part of society , and they do n't place themselves outside of it , nor are they being placed outside of it . 
  you 're talking about something else now though . 
  yes they are all ethnically turks . 
  relocating yourself to another part of the world does n't change your ethnicity . 
  and your ethnicity not so much depends on where you were born , but on the ethnicity of your parents , grandparents , etc. 
  this often seems to be confused by people from us or canada with the more ideological notion of being `` an american '' , or a canadian . 
  the two are not comparable . 
  there is no american ethnicity ( [ i mean i guess there is ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/98/nativeamericanstoday.jpg ) , but you know what i mean ) . 
  there are americans and canadians of all kinds of different ethnicities , and saying that a fellow american is n't an american because of the ethnicity they have will probably make you a douche in the eyes of your peers . 
  being german is n't the same social contruct as being canadian or american is . 
  there are no germans with a different ethnicity than the german one . 
  there are * inhabitants * of germany with a different ethnicity , lots of them , and they are full citizens of the german nation state ; but they are not * germans * . 
  neither they nor other germans will call them that . 
  there is nothing in their dna to make them ethnically german , which is the deciding factor for `` what '' you are everywhere in europe and asia . 
  where you where born and what you personally identify with is also relevant ; but they are not deciding . 
  if you are born in the netherlands to chinese parents , you are chinese . 
  that is not because of racism or xenophobia or some sort of cultural chauvinism . 
  it 's because you are chinese . 
  same goes when you 'd be born in canada , if you ask me . 
  you either are or you are n't , and how you feel about it does n't change that . 
  but i get that that is different in a nation of immigrants like the new world countries ( although many people there seem to be fiercely proud of that 1/1000000 ^ th part of a certain heritage that they supposedly have ) . 
  of course as time goes by both a family of immigrants and that family 's surroundings will `` forget '' its original culture and become simply dutch . 
  or german . 
  or spanish . 
  immigrants and refugees have been flocking to the netherlands since the 17 ^ th century , and we do n't still call people french simply because they 're called genuit or gouloze , and they wo n't consider themselves french because of a family name . 
  but that inevitable moment wo n't be after 4 generations already , especially if they do n't `` look '' european . 
  many turkish dutch who were born here will still speak with a turkish accent . 
  not because they had to learn a different language , like their parents or grandparents had to , but because it has become a form of dialect for them , and a way of identifying with their group ( and also because they grew up learning dutch from mostly adults with a genuine accent , so it 's also simply how they 've become accustomed to talking ) . 
  now specifically the situation with the turkish government is not about people wanting it `` both ways '' ; about them not `` wanting '' turks to be a part of their countries but also not `` wanting '' the turkish country to reach out to them . 
  this is the erdogan regime trying to keep turkish expats within its sphere of influence . 
  they basically treat every turk in the world as if they 'd never left the country and they show zero respect for national boundaries in doing so ( nor for their `` subjects ' '' potential desire to get the hell away from the oppressive and toxic environment they have turned turkey into ) . 
  this way they export their political problems to our countries , and if they are n't completely facilitated in reaching out to `` their '' citizens within our countries ( for example by us allowing foreign politicians to come rally here for bills and referenda in another country ) , they 'll tell their people that we are the ones who are n't respectful of their national sovereignty and cultural integrity . 
  and that we have no democracy and free speech , and that we are trying to mingle with turkish business . 
  which is ironic to say the least . 
  yeah , ours is too , but also purely ceremonial . 
  originally , during the republic , the oranges were the head of the army , and the stadhouder the head of state . 
  officially wa is the ultimate overseer of all the armed forces , but actual command lies with professionals . 
  he did serve in the royal air force for 28 years though .
