well hurray for you ... jesus ... 
  you too !, 
  honestly , as far as i 'm aware , you as a nation are n't nearly as present in the minds of people as it seems you are being told . 
  i encounter british people all the time who seem to be very wary of anyone being `` anti-them '' , but honestly stop feeling so antagonized about that . 
  it 's not true and causes you to antagonize other people in return . 
  i just got irritated by the ( upon reading that about a million people are estimated to try to cross the mediterranean next year ) celebratory sentiment of the comment before me . 
  yes it 's my agenda to convince everyone you are all a bunch of racists . 
  it 's not polish people being harassed all over the country , that 's just ze evil european empire twisting facts to serve their agenda against poor ol' britain . 
  because everybody hates you . 
  you people are so goddamned insecure and paranoid . 
   nations doing land grabs against the peoples will ... you do know * how * gibraltar became a british territory , right ? 
  you 're right , not our problem , let 's just do nothing instead . 
  do n't misconstrue my words , * eu integration * . 
  closer integration of the eu members . 
  no one 's accusing britain of `` stopping integration '' of immigrants ... 
  seriously a big country can easily handle more than that . 
  look at the fucking us . 
  28 different countries though , who all try to make sure not to get screwed by everyone else ? 
  not so much . 
  the uk has been reliably blocking every single attempt to make the eu more effective . 
  `` nuh uh , we did n't sign up for this , we wan na be our own thing , identity hurdur important '' . 
  but now its the eu 's fault for being so ineffective . 
  seriously get the fuck out of here . 
  go make your country a more racist america . 
  nobody is sad to see you leave . 
  there 's been coming little else but retardation from the anglosphere these last few years . 
  we 're all better off without you . 
  we wo n't `` have '' any brexit , what we 'll * have * is no more british sabotage of further european integration ... hopefully ... 
  somehow though i 'm not convinced that britain will be a paradise either , just because there 'll be less brown people ... 
  hell , even for highly educated * native * europeans there is barely any appropriate work . 
  mln, 
  you monster ... 
  i * accept * you not being able to come up with facts instead of repeating buma 's campagnepraatjes . 
  so go ahead and downvote away . 
  ... when have christians ever been accepting of non-christian cultures ? 
   for me the vvd has been very good , but then again i 'm doing quite well for myself which makes you * exactly * the kind of person the vvd is there for . 
  the rich people . 
  i 'm sure then that some of this must seem unfairly critical to you . 
  call me cynical though , but the fact that they are punished heavily mostly tells me that they care about saving face and distancing themselves from whomever has been caught this time . 
  it does seem disproportionate if you ask me . 
  at least from what we can notice as regular people . 
  it could mean of course that the members of other parties are better at hiding their shit . 
  though somehow i ca n't really see the buma-clan having pulled stunts like these in their 8 years under balkenende . 
  http://www.stopdebankiers.com/waarschuwing-voor-de-vvd-stemmer-dit-is-uw-corrupte-vvd/ i could n't quickly find somewhere else with a less slagon-like title where it was all neatly summed up like this , so sorry about that . 
  i 'm not going to spend my evening searching for all the original news paper articles , if you do n't mind :p but i 'm sure they can be easily googled if you 're interested . 
  i 'm not saying them because i do n't agree with how right they are , or how conservative . 
  i 'm saying them because i know the vvd has been bad for our country , and will be even more in the future . 
  i 'm also a bit surprised that you 're apparently not aware of these things , all of them and more have been extensively covered in the news papers . 
  they 're just gross and weird right / s, 
   when christianity got enlightend a few hundred years ago . 
  so when it changed to become less zealous ? 
  i 'm inclinced to say the enlightenment happened * in spite * of religious ideas , not because of them . 
  and it often went in the face of religious oppression and intolerance . 
   christians dont follow the old and new testament literally so they have , again , become * less * zealously religious . 
  that is not a testament to how progressive the religion is . 
   also , cu and cda are for equal rights for woman , gay marriage you do realize that the paars kabinet was able to implement gay marriage because for the first time in 20 years , cda was n't in the government to shut that shit down ? 
  and how is that first one a point of advertisement ? 
  is there currently a debate raging about whether or not we should keep equality in our constitution ? 
  because all that stuff * is * already in the constitution , if you were n't aware . 
  so that makes this open door of a campaign promise even emptier and lazier than `` normaal doen '' . 
   modern christian values if your belief system has values in it that had to be forced upon it , * it * does n't get to take credit for them . 
  seriously you 're like buma with his so-called `` thousands-years-old '' tradition of tolerance and equality . 
  do n't make me puke pls, 
  yes, 
  and thus made vvd the largest . 
  again . 
  just like the last time . 
  congratulations people , you did it . 
  you 've outsmarted the politicians . 
  this kills the slav, 
  it was a combination of wilders ruining the campaign for himself ( seriously he almost seemed to do it on purpose ) , and vvd taking on some of the pvv 's less radical stances . 
  plus also showing their muscles in the erdo\u011fan affair . 
  this made a lot of people sway their way who were * kind of * considering pvv , but trying to decide what to think of wilders ' more extreme statements . 
  the vvd has become extremely adept at this game over the years . 
  they 've won it for the third time in a row now . 
  and while everybody is celebrating over the loss of the tyrant , we 're being screwed with a coalition of vvd , cda , and whoever wishes to cooperate . 
  so we 'll get the conservative moral meddling of 8 years balkenende ( but * worse * ) , combined with the incompetent greedy corruption we 've become familiar with during 6 years rutte . 
  great . 
  jesus fuck the hostility . 
  so you 're one of those people . 
  you 're dilluting the conversation with false facts , yet you feel justified doing so because they are bad facts about a bad man , and because of the emotions you have about him . 
  moreover you have the arrogance of thinking you understand more about the politics of another country than people living in that country . 
  aside from the simple fact that the conclusion * all muslims = nazis * does not in any way follow from a comparison like koran = mein kampf ; aside from that fact , what you are claiming is something wilders himself has expressly and repeatedly stated to be untrue . 
  he does not , in fact , bear any ill will towards people who are muslims . 
  he does , however , consider islam a dangerous religion that makes people do dangerous things . 
  and he considers the koran a dangerous book , as dangerous as mein kampf . 
  this is the difference between wishing the catholic church would stop existing as an institute , or wishing that your catholic neighbours would stop existing as people . 
  but maybe that difference is too complicated . 
  there is a certain kind of people that needs exclusively bad things to be said about persons who are agreed upon to be bad . 
  otherwise they will start to panick . 
  it does n't matter if these are true or nuanced or realistic things , as long as they are * bad * . 
  and anyone who points out the error * must * be a sympathizer . 
  they deny the negative thing so they 're obviously defending the disagreeable person . 
  i point out that you 're greatly dramatizing and exaggerating something , and you call me evil for it . 
  or at the very least clueless . 
  this tells me a lot about the kind of person you are . 
  he compares a book with another , let 's not get carried away . 
  you do n't need to miscontrue facts in order to disagree with someone . 
  dude it was so strong my computer screen cracked haha . 
  some things were pronounced german .
