  the `` socialist party ( ps ) '' , currently in power , has traditionally been the leader of the left since the 5th republic ( 1958 ) . 
  the communist party , the strongest one in 1945 slowly faded away mostly due to internal affairs and news of the soviet union . 
  add to that the massive rise of extreme-right in france since 2000 . 
  the left party in france are all sucked between wanting to have `` someone on the left '' or at least not the extreme right in power . 
  this has lead to a lot of alliance with and lack of criticism of ps candidates . 
  this is also due to the strong shift to the right of the ps . 
  in the presidential primaries , manuel vals was the most right-wing ps candidate and scored only ~ ~ 10 % ~ ~ 5 % . 
  however he ended up prime minister while all the member of cabinet that dared criticize his corporate-focused policies got thrown out . 
  the liberal policies enacted by a `` left '' government has done a lot to the loss of credibility of all of the left party . 
  the dissent inside the ps is there but so far no party has emerged seemingly strong enough to overtake them on the left side . 
  with no party looking like a serious alternative , the `` left of ps '' electorate has n't turned up much to the elections . 
  however in some cases , alliances of the parti de gauche , the greens and associations have been able to score some unexpected victories like in grenoble 's mayor elections in 2014 . 
  i 'm not sure i 'm following you . 
  but for example a student that is part-time barmen could have a 6h per week contract and work it out with the manager to do it on the days he can work . 
  not under this form . 
  this is mostly uk and , in a modified form , germany . 
  france allows contracts with small number of hours and plenty of supplementary hours ( but there has to be a minimum and the employee can ( officially ) refuse the supplementary hours ) . 
  one of the workaround that has been made though is , for white collar works , to ask someone to setup a micro-corporation employing only him . 
  the would-have-been employer then get to pay him for the work only when he needs it . 
  just to be clear : i have n't said 0-hour contracts are inherently evil . 
  i just meant to say that they do have an influence on the nominal unemployment rate . 
  therefore comparison with times or places where it did/do not exist are dubious . 
  writing someone off unemployment stats as soon as he signs a 0-hour contract sure do help with theses numbers . 
  with an all-time high of theses contracts , [ covering 2.4 % of the uk workforce ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/sep/02/number-of-workers-on-zero-hours-contracts-up-by-19 ) , you do get a distorted picture . 
  it 's always the case in this kind of situation . 
  they 'll go good cop - bad cop , try to scare everyone and get at least a symbolic gesture from the eu . 
  then they 'll be able to tell the voters that they have influence in the eu and that they just made a great deal and that such deal would be lost too if they leave . 
  not blaming them , that 's the essence of modern politics . 
  indeed . 
  i thought of this one too but it does have some differences with just a population map . 
  still thought of this xkcd . 
  could you recommend a particularly interesting match to watch ? 
  i have just recently discovered that they where differences other than the number of player between the two sports and that made me curious . 
  i actually like england in a weird way . 
  i helps to build momentum for twice as many games ( well , not any longer for this world cup ) . 
  you cheer once for the national team an then once more for however is playing against `` perfidious albion '' england . 
  indeed . 
  sad we wo n't meet this world cup though . 
  see you in the vi nations !, 
  one sided as the french only `` hating '' the english or the other way around ? 
  and it 's not hate ( at least for me ) but rather a gentleman 's rivalry across sports . 
  or maybe i do and i 'm not really disappointed by the result ... 
  true . 
  some media also speculated that the move was to make the ceta ( ttip with canada basically ) deal go more smoothly . 
  the party in power in france , the `` socialist party '' has drifted very much to the right during this mandate and has lost most of its approval with its historical supporters . 
  this is ( mostly ) a move to try to get them back on board before the elections in may 2017 . 
  after the elections , whoever wins , the free trade agreement will continue under a new name . 
  i now know how silly it is . 
  it 's just the sentence i 've been fed with to justify more of the european union . 
  `` eu is necessary to be able to stand up to the americans . '', 
  and i actually used to believe it ... 
  the ioc do n't have the balls to enforce the ban ( deserved or not ) on the russian olympic team so they ban the crippled ... that 's low . 
  i do n't know what that guys is taking but it 's strong !, 
  because the upper house exist already , it has most of the power , it 's called the european council and it represent the states . 
  nice solution the belgian !, 
  and enjoy brussels !, 
  arm\u00e9e de terre : the army of the european union . 
  yes . 
  as far as i know it 's unique in its kind . 
  it 's a satyrical/humoristic newspaper but everything is verified facts . 
  the newspaper is also used by politicians of the same party to call a rival member out on something . 
  this newspaper often publish sentences from a cabinet meeting behind closed doors with only a few minister inside ( so the leak has to come from one of them ) . 
  but even the most serious revelation will have a play on word or joke in the article . 
  also historically the newspaper was founded exactly 100 years ( and a week ) ago to fight the ww1 censorship . 
  other notable fact is the newspaper catching the secret services wiretapping their building . 
  the weapons he sells are jet aircraft so ... 
  i never said it was false . 
  i 'm just saying that one should `` take it with a grain of salt '' . 
  not even close as far as benefits go . 
  thanks , i 've added it, 
  i have to admit i do n't have extensive knowledge about monopolies splitting . 
   for example , telefonica ( spain ) was split into separate internet , mobile , landline , etc. 
  companies . 
  correct me if you must but that means a given consumer now has 3 bills ( landline , mobile , internet ) but that does n't give him ( more ) choice , that does n't create competition . 
  yes . 
  but within this plane ( mostly civilian ) business is the most famous french weapon up for export sales . 
  but yes , the weapon export business in indeed a marginal source of his income . 
   google should be broken up breaking up corporation is the american way of dealing with monopolies : making local monopolies replace a central one . 
  the only effect is to bypass federal anti-monopoly laws but leaves the customer with a single option whatever he wants . 
   newspaper in print i made sure not to get it wrong on this . 
  mediapart is most likely the largest `` pureplayer '' but they are tons of independent news sources online . 
  no but i do feel bad about forgetting about them . 
  they are 1/3 of the independent press after all !, 
  ( excluding online sources ), 
  my bad , missed charlie hebdo . 
  le monde used to be owned by its writer but a need for money forced them to be contolled by a group of 3 billionaires : ( xavier niel ( telecom ) , pierre berg\u00e9 ( luxury ) and matthieu pigasse ( banker ) ), 
  every nationwide tv channel , radio station and newspaper in print in france is owned by a ( group of ) billionaire or the government . 
  as far as i know they are only three exception : `` le canard encha\u00een\u00e9 '' ( a satirical weekly newspaper ) , `` la croix '' ( a christian daily newspaper ) and charlie hebdo ( weekly satirical newspaper/magasine ) . 
  edit : two sport-oriented press group are not owned by billionaires : * sopress ( sofoot , sofilm and society ) are printed nationally but are rather confidential . 
  * amaury ( l\u2019\u00c9quipe , v\u00e9lo magazine , france football ) is not owned by a billionaire but a multi-millionaire and the source of the money was the newspaper . 
  edit2 : i know i was missing one and that is charlie hebdo . 
  i might have missed a few rather confidential newspapers . 
  edit3 : l'humanit\u00e9 ( daily newspaper , communist left ) is not owned by a billionaire but by the french communist party ( pcf ) here is a recent wrap-up : http://www.acrimed.org/img/jpg/ppa-1-4.jpg, 
  take it with a grain of salt . 
  it 's a poll by `` le figaro '' , the traditional right wing journal ( gov. 
  is of the traditional left wing party ) . 
  furthermore the owner is dassault , an arms dealer and right-wing senator . 
   reunification annexation of ddr . 
  the constitution , money , laws , name of the country and stars on the shirt where those of the gbd upon the `` reunification '' . 
  `` fun '' fact : the size of the french nuclear arsenal is determined by the quantity of bombs required to destroy something as valuable as france in the enemy 's country .
