  they are reluctant to increase vat ( to the highest level of any country in the eurogroup ) because this source of funding is the least fair to low budget . 
  this crisis does n't have simple solutions but it makes sense for the greek to refuse what 's been proposed to them so far . 
  about un : we add `` organisation '' before mostly in formal ducuments but the acronyms keeps it . 
  most of the times `` nation unies '' or `` onu '' will be used . 
  i do n't know if it is illegal not to mention it but a few places will sell the previous day 's croissants for a discount and clearly label them as such . 
  statutory retirement age in not all that meaningful . 
  elder unemployment is growing quickly and thus the effective retirement ( as in , retirement from paid activities ) has to be taken into account . 
  and that 's where the map can be misleading because depending on the country they 'll be financed by unemployment subsidies and some other will move them into early retirement funding . 
  raising the retirement age reduce pensions spending but usually increase unemployment subsidizes 's spending . 
  thus reading pension spending only does n't always give meaningful understanding of aging management by the state . 
  ok , my bad . 
  one of the newspaper had members of the lithuanian party `` order and justice '' in the new ~ ~ fascist ~ ~ extreme-right group but event though talk are rumoured to be under ways , nothing is official as of yet . 
  this group is a bit stronger than the ukip 's . 
  they have 8 nationality out of the 7 required so their is no single member that can threatens the group 's existence ( and the fn has enough members by itself to form a group ) . 
  yep , that 's exactly what toussaint louverture thought too when he surrendered to napoleon 's generals ... 
  it 's alright . 
  we 'll just grab more jersey to get more penalty kicks . 
  as long as it does n't freeze too often for too long , palm trees will be fine . 
  you can have them in amsterdam but not in the pyrenees . 
  yes they are . 
  i was talking about western fighters . 
  frequency hopping is now detected by almost all of the latest variants of 1st class aircraft . 
  passive measures do not allow to launch a non-infrared missile ( only the rafale is commissioned with a long range infrared missile as of today , euro fighters are next in line ) . 
  finally infra-red and visual sensors are not subject to the structural stealth of planes like the f22 and f35 . 
  but i am curious about this link . 
  allright , when you do n't know much about fighter aircraft it does helps situating around where it stands . 
  and yes , everyone outside the us has picked up this terminology , including dassault and sukhoi . 
  where it tends to fall short however is when somebody will argue that `` fighter x is not a generation # because it is required to have < whatever feature  to be considered as such '' . 
  by doing this they apply a us request for proposal to a foreign aircraft . 
  they are also doubling the number of their fighter with this purchase . 
  ... in testing, 
  there is however one limit to it . 
  every modern fighter is able to detect and activated radar from much further away than they can detect a plane like the f16 . 
  this meant that if the f35 turns on it 's radar to detect non-stealth planes , it reveals itself . 
  it wo n't give the other plane the ability to lock a missile on him ( as the f35 would only need to turn off his radar for the missile to get lost ) but his position will be revealed . 
  eurofighter and rafale started out as the same project . 
  but since the germans and british had a very competent ground attack aircraft in the tornado , they wanted to empathize on air-to-air capability . 
  france needed and aircraft to carry ground attack ( and a big part of the industrial cake ) and thus split from the project . 
  the `` generation # '' is a really inappropriate terminology outside of the us airforce . 
  the gripen is the most affordable current-generation western fighter at around 44 million usd . 
  the f16 is roughly at the same price but with a much older airframe ( although with improved avionics , it is still a very decent airplaine ) . 
  while somewhat of an older generation , the latest updates to the f/a -18 come next at around 68 million usd . 
  the rafale comes next whith a flyaway cost of 95 million usd then the eurofighter typhoon with 127 million usd it is clear by now that even with the announced lowering of the price due to scale economy , the f35 will be priced quite higher . 
  i did not claim it was a french invention . 
  it 's just a tactic that is used by everyone and it has reached our bakery . 
  for example russia officially stationing troops in donetsk and saying they have every right to do so as american troops are in ukraine too . 
  all the other differences between the two foreign deployments would be blurred to russians or anyone wanting to believe it . 
  they would even be able to claim they only entered ukrainian soil only after the american entered it . 
  i believe this is a well known business trick . 
  sell your core product at a reasonable place but place next to it a product that `` 1up '' it for a small premium . 
  the customer wo n't mind a small increase for a better product and will forget that the upgrade itself is ridiculously overpriced . 
  i very well know they are n't . 
  but they can be painted as it . 
  the diplomatic game is about being able to portray the opponent as the evil one . 
  i now believe the telegraph have the more accurate version of the minsk ii deal and thus this is largely irrelevant but my point is that such a token force is not worth the diplomatic concessions it could force . 
  the 2nd carrier , prince of whales , was at one point going to be made into a catobar version but the additional cost of 2bn # was deemed to expensive . 
  so while it would cost quite some money , it is feasible and the design of such a measure is already there . 
  you should not mix two points of [ the agreement  ( http://rt.com/news/231667-minsk-ceasefire-deal-breakup/ )  2 ) a pullout of heavy weapons . 
  the parties agreed to a compromise disengagement line . 
  kiev is to pull artillery and other hardware from the current frontline while the rebels would do it from the frontline as it was in september , before they gained ground in a january counter-offensive . 
  the osce-monitored safety zone would be 50 km to 150 km wide for weapons , depending on their range . 
  the pullout is to be completed by march 1 . 
  this is different from point 10 which states :  10 ) all foreign troops , heavy weapons and mercenaries are to be withdrawn from ukraine . 
  illegal armed groups would be disarmed , but local authorities in donetsk and lugansk would be allowed to have legal militia units . 
  edit : it seems there are two versions/translations of the agreement circulating . 
  the [ telegraph 's version ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/11408266/minsk-agreement-on-ukraine-crisis-text-in-full.html ) states that point 10 is restricted to the ocde monitoring area . 
  i 'll try to get a definitive answer on this . 
   that might be on a more serious note , there are plans for a carrier-based version of the eurofighter . 
  along his strike upgrade , it could be a very potent aircraft carrier airplane . 
  also i ca n't really take pride in the cdg for being catobar as the catapults are americans . 
  try to remain calm , i 'm just trying to state a few things to see the other side of the coin . 
  i 'm aware of the situation . 
  i just believe this could be see as an opportunity by russia to acknowledge some presence in the dombass . 
  or should they get caught in a situation they ca n't deny , give them a way to call a draw in minsk ii non-application . 
  and about the ukranian government it is easy to pain it as a coup over a democratically elected government . 
  once again i am not convinced at all by this language , i 'm just exposing ways the russian side can exploit this acknowledged breach in minsk ii agreement to their advantage . 
  this is particularly relevant as the usa are far away from any consequences of their actions ( or else the world will take a wild turn ) . 
  and given the mediterranean coastline of germany ... 
  the new generation of rn carriers are awesome in many aspects but i believe they made a mistake not fitting them with a catobar system . 
  the british killed every nation with the vtol aircraft 's craze in the cold war with the only really functional vtol fighter . 
  however as even the harriers ii are getting old , only the f35b is still planned for vtol/stol operation . 
  the f35b might turn out to be the greatest aircraft ever produced but it 's still a gamble made with two aircraft carriers . 
  at least they are large enough to be turned into catobar should the need arise . 
  the minsk ii agreement is ~ ~ quite clear ~ ~ very unclear on the matter :  all foreign troops , heavy weapons and mercenaries are to be withdrawn from ukraine . ^ see ^ edit does this does not apply to the usa ? 
   unlike the russian troops , the americans were invited by the elected government of ukraine . 
  well '' * the `` republic of dombass '' has been elected too , should n't they be allowed to invite whoever they want ? 
  * '' i do not believe in this latter argument but it shows how dangerous the precedent can be made . 
  edit : the stated point ( point 10 ) seems to be able to be read/translated in different ways : [ the bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31436513 ) seems to read it as the osce has to monitor the whithdrawal of the troops , whereas [ the telegraph ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/11408266/minsk-agreement-on-ukraine-crisis-text-in-full.html ) reads it as the withdrawal of foreign troops is only applied to the aforementioned zone of osce controll . 
  [ some ] ( http://rt.com/news/231667-minsk-ceasefire-deal-breakup/ ) do n't mention anything about the role of the osce . 
  switch to euro, 
  most of the cost will depend of the `` standing '' of the bakery and what type of clients they want to attract . 
  0.60 to 0.80 $ being the standard for a neighborhood bakery ( and +0.10 to +0.20 if you want it with butter ) . 
  this is for non-paris france , i do n't actually remember buying a croissant in paris since 2002 . 
   it 's related to ~ ~ europeans ~ ~ people doing english searching is what i 'm saying . 
  but yes , i get what you mean . 
  i google more in english too but that 's why we end up in a english-speaking website . 
  i seriously doubt the search for the cost of a croissant in france is much related to french doing english search . 
  it drives slowly dissent against the various hands of power in the mind of the population . 
  this dissent is in turn collected by various political movements , most notably the resurgence of far-right movements in germany but also in france ( fn ... ) uk ( ukip and others ) netherlands ... 
  when the people feel betrayed then , slowly , they will turn to various extreme that promise to `` clean it out '' ( and do potentially far worse but the cleaning out of the `` elites '' is what drive their growth ) .
