  wait , serbia does n't have an army ? 
  a speech in german for the 50.000 german speaking belgians ? 
  well , bavaria and lower saxony are located in the north and south and they take the train for this distance , so you 're not right . 
  something like 700km are not done by the tank itself . 
  i would n't exactly call germany small . 
  why bother with trains if you simply can drive to the nearby shooting range or nato exercise though ? 
  [ is that enough of an answer ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dyiyaoildm#t=3m20s ) no , but really , in germany we do indeed transport them by train , but only when going long distances like from bavaria to lower saxony . 
  so you are talking about actors and not famous people in general ? 
  i know two people on this list . 
  uh , you sure about that ? 
  duh , you have to dodge shells and sea mines . 
  there is no land border between the two of you , silly . 
  we beat the netherlands in something that is not football ? 
  i 'm astonished . 
  yeah , same happened with kuehne + nagel . 
  i do n't see the problem , really . 
  i heard someone is oppressing germans . 
  it would be a shame if we had to go on ... vacation . 
  not only that , but it 's common knowledge that greece is n't exactly a big country . 
  yep , did n't say something else . 
  do n't know why i got downvoted though . 
   i 'm surprised people are saying they 're extremely nationalistic yeah , so am i. 
  like , obviously i 'm very biased in this matter , but i fail to see where we are more patriotic than other nations . 
  it 's his opinion . 
  it 's not correct , but it 's not like you 're not allowed to have one . 
  brands are n't harder to find here . 
  i believe they 're simply more expensive . 
  german food does n't look bad ... 
  okay , that video was convincing . 
  where can i join ? 
  screw you all guys , qwertz will always be superior . 
  it does n't even exist . 
  coming to you next summer : german concerns , for when your ongoing financial crisis is n't enough to worry about . 
  let me explain the reasoning behind the german amount of tanks . 
  the year is 1990 . 
  germany is once again an unified country . 
  we suddenly have 15 million more people in our country , combined with an economy that needs to be restructured badly . 
  also , the eastern bloc is kind of falling apart , russia seems as weak as never before . 
  now , we could continue to spend insane amount of money to maintain our 3500 tanks and 300-something-thousand soldiers . 
  we could , however , try to help the people of eastern germany to raise their standard of living to west german level . 
  in order to do so , we have to spend money . 
  a lot of it . 
  i 'm pretty sure we could save some by reducing our now kind of obsolete military , since there is no real enemy anymore . 
  furthermore , the bundeswehr had to be fit for the future . 
  a huge tank army is useful for defending one 's territory , yes , but it 's not if you try to intervene in international conflicts , which was kind of ruled legal in 1994 by the german constitutional court . 
  so the amount of tanks had to be reduced for that as well , so there was money for stuff like transport planes , helicopters and jets , stuff you need when you send your troops to countries like afghanistan . 
  80 % is maybe a bit high , since especially older people only watch public broadcasters , which rarely show american shows/films . 
  in general , though , i agree that much of our tv is american/british . 
  i had no idea unemployement was so high in croatia . 
   groceries that are around the same price as germany and russians earn what , five times less than us ? 
  it 's just called mcchicken classic in germany . 
  not unique to the uk . 
  i live close to wolfsburg . 
  most cars are vws , especially golfs . 
  i think people only really have consoles for fifa and netflix here . 
  abandon strasbourg , waste of time and money . 
  could you , as a pole , still get an abortion in germany or the czech republic ? 
  berlin , amsterdam , copenhagen , london , stockholm , oslo , prague , san marino . 
  next thing you 're telling me puma is also german . 
  frech . 
  die linke ( leftist party ) is against nato-membership and even wants to go as far as abolishing the bundeswehr . 
  denmark used to rule over norway and sweden for quite some time . 
  have you never seen a hedgehog in your garden ? 
  12 , i think . 
  sweden , norway , denmark , poland , czech republic , austria , italy , spain , france , belgium , the netherlands and england . 
  france and belgium only to drive to spain though . 
  eh , new corsas are totally fine cars . 
  nah , that 's just fear mongering . 
  you 're probably as likely to get pickpocketed in european countries as in the us . 
  i would n't worry about it . 
  i 've been to places like amsterdam and berlin often enough and i 've yet to lose anything to a thief . 
  right now , it 's probably saver than before due to the security forces of many countries being on the edge . 
  besides , terror attacks could always happen , just because there was one recently does n't mean they 're more likely now . 
  travel now , no reason to be worried . 
  you 're learning all three of them ... ? 
  i guess he 's advising skipping cologne because you 're already planning on visiting another german city . 
  well , and monaco , because it 's monaco ? 
  ca n't imagine there 's much to do unless you 're rich . 
  as an eu citizen you 're allowed to live and work in any eu member state you want . 
  so , being legal is no problem at all . 
  it depends on the country , but in germany for example it 's doable . 
  however , it 's probably not a good idea because getting by without german can be quite hard in daily life . 
  what 's up with your unhealthy passive aggresiveness ? 
  i was just leaving a remark , my friend . 
   not too pricey it 's funny you mention that when both geneva and oslo are on your list of cities you 've traveled to or are planning to . 
  no , genders are pretty easy to say right . 
  sometimes , though , it 's not clear what 's the correct gender , for example `` das nutella '' or `` der/die nutella '' , because it is n't a german word . 
  yep , it 's the same here too . 
  if you think about quality , eastern europe does n't exactly come to mind . 
  i do n't understand these questions . 
  if you 're going to some major cities in your home country you have to be aware of pickpockets too . 
  they 're probably not entirely different from those in paris , for example . 
  duration and place of your stay would be a starter ... 
  driving really slow or way too fast on the autobahn . 
  looking at you , dutchies and swiss folks . 
  what does this question even have to do with europe ? 
   ( 6/9 -6 / 12 ) i took me longer than i 'd like to admit to think of the meaning of this . 
  read your other comment . 
  leave out venice if you can .
