  they 're not the smartes bunch , to say the least . 
  no , you were talking about the immigrants to europe , whom many happen to come from war-torn countries , making it impossible to simply send them back . 
  my first thought , too . 
  china and russia are n't continents , though . 
  at least you do n't have to watch opel ads with j\u00fcrgen klopp , then . 
  but everybody else is allowed to ? 
  it 's either everybody or no one at all . 
  and if you find this one tasteless , then you probably have german humour . 
  yeah , uk is not surprising given the presence of tesco and sainsbury 's . 
  outside europe maybe . 
  except for scandinavian countries you ca n't avoid seeing a shit ton of aldi and lidl markets outside of germany . 
  i do n't believe they 're below 10 % market share , though i do n't have sources . 
   stop aldi and lidl winning the european supermarket war . 
  implying they have n't already won . 
  they both are the biggest discounter markets in europe and international . 
  yes , i can confirm germans are afraid of drafts . 
  both military and air drafts . 
  huh , you 're right . 
  why is austria not doing much better then , though ? 
  i guess because of the ties to our economy ? 
  goddamn austria , you 're making us look bad , again . 
  no one takes our frenchies away . 
  i do n't really know . 
  there 's just more competition now . 
  there used to be only a few mobile carriers like deutsche telekom or vodaphone , but since some years cheap carriers like aldi talk are in the market . 
  there is now , but it 'll still take some time until prices/data caps adjust to this . 
  the countries that are in favour are the ones taking most of the refugees already , which is why they want to redistribute them ... 
  no , it 's quite amazing , to be honest . 
  the only downside is the price . 
  it should n't cost me 8 $ for a 30km trip . 
  eh , i thought that was settled in 1994 when the bundesverfassungsgericht allowed military operations within alliances like nato . 
  24 abs . 
   germany has a lot of really badly paid low-income people . 
  yes , that 's correct . 
  germany has really low costs of living though , which is why the pp is so high . 
  it does , but it does n't say it tries to display the purchasing power . 
  just the average salary . 
  together with [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/52xpnlz.jpg ) map you get the idea , i suppose . 
  you were n't looking hard enough then , it seems . 
  every mcdonald 's has free wifi , for example . 
  it 's very rare for places to have free wifi though , because the owner of the wifi is held accountable for everything done on this connection . 
  pegida is n't even a party like this . 
  but i mean it 's super unrelated , since this thread is about austria . 
  what does germany have to do with this picture ? 
  we are ? 
  thanks man , i did n't know !, 
   who plainly do n't care to think more than five minutes are going to vote cdu / merkel you still do n't vote for the chancellor but for the party . 
  if you like the cdu 's policy you 'll vote it . 
  sure , there are a lot of people voting cdu because of merkel , but i 'm pretty sure the cdu would still be the biggest party by far without her , as the spd currently looks like the cdu light and the rest of the gang usually do n't attract more than their loyal voters . 
  what 's wrong with hamburger ? 
  i find it rather interesting how rotterdam dwarfes every other european port . 
  i knew it 's the biggest and all of that , but i did n't know it 's more than twice as big as antwerp . 
  to be fair , it 's not that hard to attract german tourists . 
  just make beer cheaper than it is at home and we 'll come . 
  i think no one is really saying that . 
  i mean , if the uk was such a shitty eu member it would n't be as sad as it is to let them go , which will hopefully not happen anyway . 
  prostitution is illegal in france ? 
   but the greens policy of banning nuclear power you mean the greens policy of banning energy from coal , right ? 
  it was the majority of parties in favor of banning nuclear energy . 
  shhh , do n't try to argue with him . 
  the `` nuclear power is the future '' circlejerk is strong on reddit . 
  edit : yes , i see , you downvoters are trying to prove my point . 
  thank you . 
  i think steinmeier is the most liked at the moment . 
  the nsa/bnd thing made merkel a bit less popular . 
  i honestly do not believe that angela merkel , the currently second most liked politician in germany , has to rely on bought likes . 
  not really . 
  swiss german is basically another language . 
  no , not the hq , just one . 
  the real hq is in br\u00fcssel . 
  because the debate is over . 
  germany is abolishing it 's nuclear power plants . 
  no party plans on changing that . 
  besides , if we 'd never invest shit in wind , solar and hydro energy the technology would just remain ineffective till the end of time . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  what do you think is the reason for the bad press about the g36 , then ? 
  why 'd the bundeswehr deliberately worsen its relation to their main fire arm supplier ? 
  wait , if that 's the only problem , then why do n't they replace all g36s with the normal version ? 
  i mean , yes , it would cost a shit ton of money , but that 's still better than the debacle they have right now . 
  this thing looks futuristic . 
  i do n't know , i simply like 1 $ bills . 
  wish we had the same . 
   does your country use the euro ? 
  yes . 
   what do you think of the euro ? 
  i think it 's quite handy since i travel a lot , but i do n't really remember the time of the dm since i was too young back then . 
  so i ca n't miss something i do n't really know . 
   how would you like to improve the euro ? 
  no small coins anymore and 1 $ bills , please . 
   do you think the euro will still be around 20 years ? 
  yes . 
   we  german flair  canadianjesus what ? 
  i fail to see how islamisation is happening because there are more and more muslims . 
  last time i checked our society was based on western and christian values . 
  this is n't going to change anytime soon . 
  do you really believe what you 're saying or are you just trying to be edgy ? 
  europe is not going to be an islamic continent just because we allow some refugees and economic migrants to stay here . 
  how does that feel good ? 
   60 % pass through areas under construction without slowing down this should be somewhere around 80 % in my opinion . 
  try driving ~ 60km/h on a construction site on the autobahn , you 'll get tailgated until the end of time .
