you do n't invest in a car . 
  i fail to see the logic behind your comparison . 
  i did n't believe stealing the change from ticket machines was a thing until it almost happened to classmates in prague . 
  who the hell would want to steal a 24 czk ticket and some worthless change ? 
  ... and ? 
  we used to wreak havoc on each other every now and then throughout history . 
  we do n't do that anymore . 
  what makes you think governments did n't change ? 
  i for one trust the authorities . 
  as long as you do n't do anything against the law ( such as destroying property , both public or private ) the government will not do anything against you . 
  it 's our right to demonstrate . 
  all the `` demonstrators '' that turn peaceful protests into violent riots do hide their faces to avoid consequences anyway . 
  i guess you can thank them for not having the right to wear masks in demonstrations anymore . 
  i disagree . 
  if you attend a legal demonstration , then there 's no point to hide your face . 
  and if you wan na cause trouble , then you do n't give a fuck about that law anyway . 
   since 1980s , according to \u00a7 17a abs . 
  2 versammlungsgesetz you may not disguise your identity in public meetings such as demonstrations so the police are able to identify you . 
  this violation can be fines with imprisonment up to one year . 
  source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-mask_laws ( i assume you 're from germany . ), 
  eh , i 'd still say we hated france with a passion . 
  i mean , the german empire was founded over the victory over france . 
  i was just waiting for this comment . 
  though i expected it to come from a fellow pessimistic german . 
  suck it , austria . 
  so it 's just like german winter but longer , then !, 
  metininvest , volkswagen and telefonica are n't fossil fuel companies , just to name a few . 
  we have streets named after our british , french and italian twin towns . 
  we also have a k\u00f6nigsberger stra\u00dfe , a danziger stra\u00dfe and a breslauer stra\u00dfe , so we got that going for us . 
  he said eu , not europa . 
  still cheaper than ours , even without converting the euro price into dollars . 
  i believe this is purely an american stereotype . 
  same as with the bad food . 
  never heard those in real life , ever . 
  yeah . 
  also : why do russians steal everything twice in germany ? 
  because they have to go through poland on their way back . 
  what ? 
  of course we can make nazi jokes . 
  anyone or no one . 
  wait , can we just somehow attach the middle east to america so you have to deal with it too ? 
  what 'd make the bavarian constitution so special , though ? 
  every state in germany has its own . 
  eh , i do n't think it 's that noticable . 
  though austria has austrians living in it ... : / edit : oh , i forgot , reddit does n't understand sarcasm without / s. 
  yeah , because i 'm not xenophobic , unlike many people on this sub . 
  we still simply lack the muslim population for that to happen . 
  we 'll profit from those who are allowed to stay anyway . 
  studies already showed that . 
  the 800.000 applicants are only an estimated number though . 
  i did n't say that . 
  germany wo n't fall under sharia law though just because we 'll accept more refugees for a few years . 
  of course , this trend ca n't continue forever with these numbers , it 's obviously not feasible even for our wealthy country to accept 800.000 asylum seekers for 20 years straight , but just for the next years it pretty much is . 
  people sometimes . 
  especially when they 're mad about asylum seekers having smart phones . 
  these are often some cheap chinese models they brought with them on their journey towards europe . 
  they did n't buy them here or anything . 
  and they 're fucking essential to communicate with their family back home or other important people . 
  we 're not even close to most asylum seekers per capita . 
  we can take some more for the moment . 
  high unemployement ( 11 % ) . 
  uhh ... we drink beer . 
  a lot of it . 
  whenever we want , whereever we want . 
  yes , there is something wrong with that . 
  we can fucking afford it . 
  our society will not collapse if we 're taking in people that otherwise would be living in fear of their live . 
  what are you afraid of ? 
  it 's also not like a `` business '' . 
  refugees do n't come here because they think it 's fun to travel through the mediterranean on a tiny little boat . 
  they do n't come here because they want to live in shitty conditions and on 150 $ a month . 
  if we do n't take them , someone else has to . 
  this is neither fair nor justified . 
  can you explain to me what a country could learn from that ? 
  just taking in no people seems like the worst idea . 
   also , if you know 100 % when to use als vs. wie , you 're a like a reincarnation of goethe because it seems like nobody does . 
  most notably there is [ wintershall ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/wintershall ) , which belongs to basf . 
  what ? 
  that 's exactly what 's happening at the moment , is n't it ? 
  the unions already have the power to force higher wages . 
  they do so often enough . 
  most unions look out for the international competetiveness of germany though , which means they will not always demand higher wages if it would hurt the companies too badly . 
  also , germany just introduced a minimum wage of 8,50 $ this year , it can only be raised in 2017 again . 
  i 'm not sure if this is the best of all options , though . 
  according to wikipedia ( i know , i know ) , 99,7 % of all companies in germany are small and medium enterprises with a yearly turnover of 50 million euro or less . 
  these companies employ 66 % of all people . 
  now , the question is if it is doable for a smaller company to pay everyone working there a minimum wage of let 's say 10 $ / hour . 
  we have a minimum wage of 8,50 $ since this year ? 
  i do n't know what you want . 
  i 'm only talking about germany here . 
  i just do n't understand what people want germany to do about it . 
  raise wages is all i hear . 
  a government ca n't and will not raise wages , as it is illegal to do so . 
  anyway , the exporting industries , such as the carmakers , really pay decent wages . 
  look at vw , for example . 
  you know what they pay an untrained summer job worker , who simply assembles cars ? 
  18,50 $ / hour . 
  if this would be even higher , then vw might as well close down and stop making cars , since vw already has one of the lowest profit margains amongst the carmakers . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  pretty sure that 's the case in germany .
