  instead they just piecemeal patch on bits to the current project . 
  the eurozone is a great example of one of these projects hastily rushed into without much consideration . 
  that is n't to say the euro is a bad idea , but it 's been poorly executed . 
  britain is at heart a very skeptical place , we do n't trust what politicians tell us at home , let alone remotely . 
  this is then reflected ( and multiplied ten-thousandfold by the media ) . 
  but we 're often painted as the scapegoat for the european project because we happen to have a vocal anti-eu segment of society . 
  but plenty of eu nations have a sizeable minority that are n't happy either , but the uk , the anti-eu poster child , is the distraction used to beat away any actual criticism of the eu project . 
  now i 'm pro-eu , but would like the other countries to follow eu rules equally ( whilst we whine and opt-out , we do actually implement and follow laws more than some other countries ) , and i 'd like it to think before blundering straight into the next mega-project . 
  as far as i 'm aware edf energy ( france ) have an unfair hold on british energy supply because they operate internationally , but are state subsidised . 
  when it comes to enforcing a lot of these `` free trade '' things within the eu the uk actually commits to it properly , and often screws over our native firms , whereas france and germany etc often choose their own providers . 
   we 're already paying . 
  we 're paying eastern europe 's industrialization money , we 're paying greece 's bailout . 
  the uk net contribution is ~ 1.75 x france 's - where 's our eu institution ? 
  just because we have the eu and it 's one of the reasons for europe 's stability does not mean that the eu in it 's current form , or it 's incessant drive for further integration is the right / only way to do it . 
  the problem is you need an electorate educated in the facts before they can make a rational decision . 
  the british public are subjected to so much misinformation about europe , and have been for so long , it 's worrying to trust them to make the right choice . 
  in a direct democracy it does , in a representative democracy it 's a lot more blurry . 
  we elect people to represent us , and make decisions on our behalf . 
  it does n't mean that they will make the decision we want all the time . 
  as a part of this process , i expect them to be informed on the issues they are voting on . 
  this should mean they are more informed than me , and thus may vote differently to me . 
  in electing a representative , i vote for someone based on their ideals and policies , with the hope that that is representative of how they will vote on other issues . 
  this guy 's done it before as well !, 
   letting people die because it 's not `` sustainable '' is not slightly disagreeing . 
  this happens * all the time * . 
  it is n't sustainable to save every life , nor is it sustainable to take in a huge number of uneducated , low-skilled labour and integrate it into a highly industrialised economy . 
  breaking the 1st world is n't going to help the 3rd world . 
  nor is them exporting their human capital , leaving their own country to continue to fail in supporting it 's people . 
  we should definitely use aid to provide training , schooling etc in these countries to reduce the need for migration , but `` lets just take everyone in '' is such a naive solution . 
  pretty much everyone speaks english to some degree , there 's a greater pull factor . 
  absolutely nothing , the nus is a complete joke . 
  no-one at universities affiliated with it vote , so you get nutters with special interest groups voting for them . 
  plenty of non-brexiters are very happy with fptp . 
  seems unfair that only one side gets tarred with this problem . 
   notice that nobody , even those who vote in general elections , likes how westminster works . 
  and look at how long it 's taken for us to finally move past that archaic fptp electoral system !, 
  i 've got no problem losing votes time-to-time , as you say , democracy !, 
  [ it 's the fact that we have the highest loss-rate of any nation in european parliament votes by quite a margin . 
  ] ( http://ukandeu.ac.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/hix-graph.png ) infact , romania is 2nd best for having voted with the parliamentary consensus and gotten their way . 
  and historically we 've switched sides at the last minute to make these figures less damning , even if we did n't agree . 
  just did it to save face . 
  if you 're consistently being ignored ( or your views are just that marginalised ) , should you stay in the club ? 
   read up on the ordinary legislative procedure . 
  the ep actually has a decent amount of power to reject and amend the vast majority of legislation , it just ca n't propose bills that 's what he 's saying - it 's very difficult to set a direction for the eu from within it ( and the parliament ) if it ca n't propose laws , and just gets to scrutinise the commission 's proposals . 
  everyone has the ability to do this within uk tax law without any complicated forms , offshoring or anything else . 
  you do n't need a lawyer or an accountant , just do it . 
  so your situation changed and invalidated your eligibility for citizenship , so you could n't apply to do the test again . 
  that 's hardly what you said in your original post . 
  it 's unfortunate , but most people have the ability to freely retake the test . 
   all the marketing has `` no fat '' but it 's loaded down with crazy sugar substitutes the problem 's even worse , they have to add all those substitutes because by removing a reasonable amount of fat they have to re-add all the flavour . 
  whilst i agree with the sentiment , it 's a very simplistic view and quite dismissive of the fact that there are actual problems and they do need to be addressed . 
  for example , we should be cracking down on radical imams and stopping foreign/saudi funding for mosques . 
  that does n't mean i agree with signing off mass-surveillance or indefinite detention . 
  i 'm not asking us to criminalise islam or treat every muslim as a terrorist , but to say that we ca n't approach the issue seems ludicrous . 
  my dad 's irish , and he perfectly well understood the fact that there was extra security and screening at immigration in the uk when the ira was the thing we had to worry about . 
  not all irish were terrorists , but the terrorists that we had to defend against were irish . 
  so everything should continue as-is ? 
  the eu being either a provider of safety through shared intelligence and co-operation or a giant risk due to open borders and an incoherent immigration policy has been an active part of the brexit debate for years . 
  it 's not unreasonable for it to crop up after a terrorist incident . 
  this is the same kind of argument as `` we should n't talk about gun control after mass shootings because it 's inappropriate '' that goes on in america . 
  as petty revenge ? 
  the treaty has nothing to do with the eu . 
   cameron himself was very emphatic about this so called reform but all i got out of his speech is that he will insist on the uk being excluded from any sort of federalisation plans . 
  everyone in the uk considers cameron 's renegotiation massively underwhelming , and instead of getting real reform we 've got a few sticking-plasters to cover over a few gaps . 
  i imagine they 'd be able to stay for x years , before being able to apply for some kind of visa . 
  why should they bother when there 's an unlimited supply of people willing to overpopulate a shit property and live a poor quality of life for a few years because of the massive disparity in purchasing power when they return home with some savings ? 
   i have yet to see a principled justification for workers who are employed in and taxed by the uk being denied equal treatment for an arbitrary period of time . 
   because what people actually want is to control the amount of immigration , and there are no mechanisms that exist that allow us to do so . 
  therefore the argument gets twisted into `` reducing the draw factor '' , particularly for low-skilled migration . 
  i do n't agree with the definition of a public forum , i 'd go for semi-public . 
  you wo n't see my tweets unless you follow me or search for them . 
  i also do n't think that it 's severe enough to warrant being arrested if you said it in a public place , and if it is the law should n't be * that * strict . 
  the law should kick in once it gets to some level of harassment - repeatedly doing so in either a short period or carried out over a long time . 
  otherwise i 'd call it crude protest . 
  whilst it 's not particularly tasteful he should be able to make those comments . 
  we do n't actually know why the case was dropped though . 
  in her interview she claims she did n't tweet it , so it could be that they did n't have any evidence that it was actually her doing the tweeting . 
  the article ? 
  after that , it 's her opinion as a feminist , dunno if you can really source `` what a hashtag means '' . 
  they own the franchise , ie the right to run trains on our infrastructure . 
  they do n't actually have any ownership of the infrastructure , with the franchise reverting to the government / being re-tendered every 8 years or so . 
    chinese companies can skip these for a large part , allowing for unfair competition . 
   that 's not unfair competition . 
  that 's just competition . 
   is it fair competition in the eu if i dump all my industrial waste whereas you process yours and apply the huge cost to your product because you actually follow the law ? 
  trade tariffs should exist for those sorts of reasons . 
  if we believe that co2 emissions need to be factored into the price and it has n't been in others then our industry loses out . 
  a tariff equal to the carbon taxes or whatever should be levied and then you can apply normal competition to it . 
  i do n't see what 's unreasonable about having quite a few notes to do such a transaction . 
  40x # 50 notes is n't that much , is n't very difficult to count . 
  how much are you inconvenienced by having to carry around 10x $ 100 notes instead of 2x $ 500 ? 
  [ how about exchanging large amounts of dodgy cash ? 
  ] ( http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/47840000/gif/_47840845_euro_sterling_weight_466in.gif ), 
  i saw the story evolve from the start , and it was originally about a student welfare officer in the student union taking a very anti-white-man approach to her work . 
  in her statements about the controversy she proclaimed it 's impossible for her to be racist etc , because she is n't a cis white man . 
  the hypocrisy of that position , and the role she has , was why this blew up . 
  people then trawled her twitter , both official and personal , to see what they could find . 
  plenty of nasty , sarky posts of the kind that makes being a student welfare officer untenable . 
  [ no white cis men please ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03319/bahar-mustafa-03_3319505b.jpg ) evidentially someone reported the #killallwhitemen tweet to the police . 
  i do n't think such an indirect and offhand tweet something that should be prosecuted .
