  it 's a fucking nightmare . 
  if you make sure some of the war is in hungary then germany will have to take them !, 
  smartphones are prevent everywhere , across a large number of social classes . 
  the poor in the third world with a smartphone can use it without wired electricity , access the internet and have direct contact with friends and relatives . 
  of course they have smartphones . 
  refugees do n't just consist of the poor , everyone flees war . 
  i disagree with a lot of the arguments being used by the tories as they 're very complex issues that span a range of policy areas . 
  they 've been operating a very simplistic , fear based message driven policy for some time now , their arguments are usually distilled to such simplicity they 're difficult to talk about either way . 
  benefit scrounging has been their stance for ages , both uk and eu citizens , it 's easy to tar them both in the same brush . 
  why does a nation like the uk need large numbers of people diluting the labour market ? 
  yes , we 've not had to pay to educate them , but we 've got our own youth unemployment problems as well and so have wasted those costs . 
  to me , this is never addressed , and i wonder if it 's because they do n't want people to demand better pay without the wage pressure . 
  eu migrants from the med / east are willing to work at minimum wage , short term in sometimes exploitative housing conditions and ship whatever is left over home . 
  when they get back , it 's worth a lot more than it was here . 
  our youth ca n't really compete with that , nor take advantage of the free movement of labour in the same way . 
  the cost of living compared to your wages might be more expensive , but it 's not really the same being paid out of a central pot that does n't account for local wage pressures and cost of living concerns . 
  it 's a very strange game to play paying benefits across the eu , you have the potential to fuck up everyone 's job markets . 
  that 's going to be difficult to manage with the wide range in the cost of living . 
  is it equal , in which case you 'll be subsiding the poorer nations to have job seekers to go there . 
  is it weighted somehow ? 
  then you 'll be subsiding people to relocate to western countries , or unintended consequences of having different levels set in each region . 
  i think it 's reasonable to have some social support for eu citizens in their country of residence . 
  but subsidising relocation within the eu probably is n't a great use of anyone 's funds . 
  i 've been doing it for years with my father , and i 've learnt a lot !, 
  now that we 're post the summer break for parliaments and the media i expect more normal stories to start working their way through . 
  we just need to make sure that content is up voted by the community when it does . 
  they probably wo n't be aware of their actual stance , they 'll be largely ignorant of the existing muslim / syrian / middle eastern populations already on germany , and could easily see them as brothers trying to assist in a time of need . 
  well then make the meme that , it 's truthful and actually supports their cause . 
  no need to lie about it . 
  if people actually learn about what has already happened , they can judge the current refugee crisis and how to handle it with context . 
   this doesnt happen in some unknown and random corner of germany . 
  this seems to happen in places that are very well known and the population that is affected is also very well known . 
   but he 's saying you ca n't logistically do it . 
  this is about rape in the camps , germans on the street . 
  these are huge numbers of people being given beds and a roof incredibly quickly , and it 's going to have to be implementing evacuation plans - temporary accommodation and tent cities , gyms being filled with bunks , etc. 
  the problem is , until they 're processed or resettled they 'll have to be housed like this for some time . 
  no-one would have planned long term policing for this kind of scenario , it 's meant to be temporary . 
  you 'd be putting undertrained and under-resourced agencies and their people at risk to be able to provide the eyes and ears to see crime being committed . 
  the community itself wo n't report crime , and the victims probably wo n't either . 
  it 'll be societal justice/enforcement will be how these people will manage themselves in the temporary camps , until they can be processed into the wider germany community . 
  as part of the integration you 'd have to show the clear consequences of rape and by reporting and conviction - presumably deportation ? 
  i imagine it 'd invalidating any asylum visa and resulting in deportation to a un refugee camp . 
  hmm , that last bit might be a problem ... 
  it seems like the news is finally back at work after summer , and we have something that is n't just footage of people walking tirelessly across europe . 
  5 years into `` syria 's war '' , jeremy bowen captures the side of life on both sides of the frontline in damascus - a city that lives alongside gunfire and shelling , power-cuts and dark nights . 
  this is from the bbc 's 10 o'clock news , and i always find their war reporting very good . 
  it 'd be interesting to see the rest of the eu 's nightly news and see how they report on things . 
  i know a lot of you can access iplayer anyway , but are there any equivalents to stream anyone else 's ? 
  i think google translate did n't quite get there ...  a mere 2,000 refugees will absorb poland, 
  cheers for the stats on that . 
  so it seems like 55/36 for/against overall , with a fair number of countries not having  50 % support . 
  there 's a majority , but not necessarily that large . 
  it seems like we would n't be a part of it anyway , and it 's certainly fair for merkel to want some give for cameron 's take . 
  i go for reading from a variety of sources , so you can see the propaganda that 's meant to be aimed at you and try to tease out some kind of objective truth from it . 
  i can read the guardian and filter out the extremes , and dip into the daily mail every-so-often to make sure my barometer is n't too far off the mark . 
  the lime eating swines get on quite well with the irish now , maintain healthy relations with south africa and enjoy a productive trade relationship in india . 
  yes , the european colonial powers did some atrocious stuff , but we 've moved past that . 
  russia complains every time one of their old puppet states voluntary jumps ship into nato and decided that annexing chunks of ukraine is a good way to make sure they never get the chance to . 
  russia has been regularly probing europe 's airspace and territorial waters for decades . 
   most people in the eu support an eu army i know the uk is normally on the other side of the argument , but just because we have one opinion it does not by default mean the rest of the eu holds the other . 
  do you have any stats to back that one up ? 
  the british sikh community are a great example of those from the indian subcontinent becoming thoroughly british and adopting the best from both cultures . 
  i 'd rather have more of them than you in this county . 
  i 'm annoyed at the storm fronting that 's going on in this sub at the moment , because it 's muddying the waters of between legitimate issues with mass immigration and racism . 
  i do n't have a problem with the polish community in the uk , but i do think that the current immigration rates in the 300k range is unsustainable . 
  so on that basis i do have an issue with the poles and eastern europeans who recently arrived , but it 's not an issue with the individuals but the fact that it 's been en-masse . 
  i would n't `` take it out on anyone '' or treat them differently , i 'd judge them like any other individual i meet in this country , on the basis of their character . 
  you 're as british as anyone else that 's been born here , shares in british liberal values and is a part of the community , as are any black/white/brown people . 
  i 'm sorry others here do n't see it that way . 
  i 'm not storm front , but it 's fairly well established that it 's the second and third generations that have problems . 
  the first know what they fled , and understand the differences . 
  but their kids do n't understand that , and are drawn to their traditional culture , and there ends up being an over compensation , which can result in a more conservative outlook than their homeland . 
  yes , we should work to make sure that does n't happen , and it can and has worked for various migratory waves , but we 've not managed it well in volume imo . 
  i 've spent all evening arguing the left wing with my father about everything , but i find it difficult to align that with how mass refugee immigration may end up working . 
  i know that the extremists are the minority , but i do find it difficult to work out where the passive support ends . 
  i ca n't see the eu deporting people after the war ends , whenever it does , and i do n't know how middle eastern values will end up integrating . 
  yes , these are refugees that need help and assistance , and we should provide it . 
  but ... where does it go from here ? 
  maybe we will end up with the people seen from afghanistan in the 60s ( as liberal and western as anyone else ) , but will we ? 
  i 'm from the uk , we have very well integrated immigration , and awfully integrated enclaves too . 
  having gone on holiday to catalonia for the last 20 odd years , they are of a similar stature to scotland . 
  independent identity , different language , different history . 
  but their union with the rest of the spanish states is significantly less historic than the uk . 
  they , like a lot of areas , have a legitimate argument for independence . 
  whether anyone else agrees is an interesting argument . 
  having gone on holiday to catalonia for the last 20 odd years , they are of a similar stature to scotland . 
  independent identity , different language , different history . 
  but their union with the rest of the spanish states is significantly less historic than the uk . 
  they , like a lot of areas , have a legitimate argument for independence . 
  whether anyone else agrees is an interesting argument . 
  how many would france end up being ? 
  that article really reads like a propaganda piece . 
  the commonwealth is n't anything close to an empire and has literally no power . 
  hell , it ca n't even get homosexuality off the books in all its members . 
  true , but is n't refugee status fundamentally temporary ? 
  otherwise you 're creating a power vacuum for these new `` states '' to do whatever the fuck they want . 
  my opinion on letting syria ( and any state we 've decided not to invade for a change ) was that it 's their own civil war . 
  if we get involved it means whoever wins ( or loses ) can blame us . 
  at some point we need to be able to detach europe from middle eastern politics , but it seems like it 's an impossible task . 
  now ?
