  the alternative is propping them up ( which costs us ) and then those at the top can still pull in their salaries / bonuses / other . 
  if we 're going to lose out anyway , i 'd rather those that got us into such a mess did n't gain in the process . 
  so decades of shit being blamed on the eu had no impact what so ever ? 
  we 've been doing this for decades , and whilst these decisions do n't usually affect me they royally piss me off and not having the eu to kick when we do n't want to do anything would be lovely . 
  there 's a huge space in between where we were , where we might be in the future , and suddenly turning into a third world country mate . 
  have you listened to may 's pitch ? 
  there 's not going to be another election and she 's going to push the button . 
  we 'll probably end up with some halfway-house membership that satisfies no-one . 
  what makes it a big load of rubbish ? 
  the eu has been a domestic policy punching bag for decades , and people are sick of it being used as a magical excuse and then our domestic politicians doing nothing . 
  people want some accountability from their representatives because they 've been ignored . 
  as the kid said , voting in a general election does n't really seem to change the long-term fortunes for these areas , so they 've given the establishment a good kicking . 
  unfortunately it 's probably not going to get anyone anywhere . 
  everyone 's happy he 's had the ability to dump that , and cutting tax rates to ensure foreign investment . 
  have any of the other 26 eu nations done the same ? 
  no-one 's expecting mass deportations , but until all sides talk no-one can commit to any official policy . 
  being more afraid of the actual consequences of leaving should n't be taken as more active support of the eu and how it operates . 
  the eu needs to be careful it does n't take public support for granted in how it operates . 
  i 'm sorry , but is n't this sensible ? 
  how can anyone commit to the status of people who are currently here , that 's inherently connected to the status of british expats in the eu . 
  is anyone asking the polish government about the status of them , or considering it a threat ? 
  the only sensible thing to do is state that their immediate position wo n't change and we can guarantee their status up until the conclusion of article 50 talks . 
  it 's a complex issue to with with individual 's rights whilst their citizenship status changes . 
  does anyone really think this will be like some kind of prisoner exchange where we march eu citizens down one half of the channel tunnel , and british citizens back down the other ? 
  i do n't think having local border exemptions with a neighbouring country is the same degree by which `` no cherrypicking '' is meant . 
  i think that 's with regards to the larger institutions with which the uk needs to maintain some relationships . 
  ireland is n't a part of schengen , and it would n't make sense to extend that because we 've exited . 
  yes , but just because the united states is a union , does not mean its success as a union is just because of that . 
  countries in the eu are already successful in their own right , and working together is a good thing , but there 's many ways to fulfil that and the eu should n't be held sacrosanct as the only way . 
  but those are the regulations for non-eu citizens , in place because people want controlled immigration , and the only lever we had was for non-eu citizens . 
  to try and fulfil that will of the people whilst being in the eu has caused numerous stupid immigration laws . 
  when we leave i hope there 's a fair standard for all . 
  yes , but for years before it 's been floating at about 60/40 . 
  once the proposition is actually on the table , and people are airing their grievances that closed quite quickly . 
  you are right though , in the end the result was within the margins of error . 
  the problem is there 's so many things that decide when a person chooses their representative . 
  no-one gets a choice on what their mp thinks of eu expansion , let alone whether that affects the cabinet 's position . 
  decisions like that do n't get voted on in parliament , they 're an executive matter held by the cabinet of the day . 
  and you enjoy the loss of our net contribution . 
  is this not the end result of the elites of the european project forcing their vision of europe onto the people ? 
  you ca n't just sweep the nation state under the rug and expect people to suck it up . 
  it seems it reached breaking point in the uk , i 'm sure other eu nations have some nasty surprises lurking beneath the surface . 
  when i say pc i meant the systematic and active avoidance of addressing any of these issues , and instead leaping to chants of racism or bigotry . 
  yes , some of these views might be racist/bigoted/other , but there are legitimate concerns around immigration that have been lumped into the same classification . 
  they 've rejected their leaders , experts , and globalisation because , quite frankly , what has it done for them ? 
  the long and ongoing decline of traditional working class areas , all the while being told they should n't complain because of how lucky the have it . 
  immigrants as individuals are n't responsible for the lack of social services provision or not investing in infrastructure . 
  but if your government is n't doing one at the same time as encouraging the other then people simply say `` enough '' . 
  none of this justifies the violence that 's going on at the moment , but it explains where it 's come from . 
  but they do n't operate on their own . 
  if it were n't for the overly pc approach of handling issues with integration and provision of services for migrants maybe it would n't be boiling over now . 
  we 've just had a referendum where leave , with controlling immigration being a part of the platform , have won . 
  all those who feel like they 've been shouted down and ignored feel like they 've been vindicated - and to some extent they have . 
  people probably did n't expect such a remain showing in scotland . 
  if leaving the eu breaks up the uk politicians may not follow through . 
  it was a non-binding referendum . 
  there 's already a lot of back peddling by people , and scotland voting quite decisively to stay means that the uk itself is at risk . 
  cameron might 've been able to handle signing article 50 and leaving the eu as the united kingdom , but i do n't think he wants to lose scotland or northern ireland as well . 
  if he bottles on article 50 then whoever wins the leadership has to commit to that . 
  i do n't think boris is willing to become the pm who goes down in history as breaking up the uk either , and it leaves room for a remain candidate to run too . 
  leave had both the official campaign , and the unofficial campaign . 
  but voting leave was n't voting for a party so neither actually had to commit to anything . 
  however that also led to them `` wanting '' completely different things during the referendum and a lot of people are realising the thing * they * wanted may not happen . 
  i 'm not - but these people have been ignored for decades . 
  this is a protest vote of the highest regard , and they do n't care what happens . 
  they see cheap eu labour as being threatening to working-class areas , and it 's not like it 's done them any wonders being in . 
  you 're right , traditional working class areas have thrived under labour and eu membership . 
  it 's why ukip is n't a problem , labour still have their strong base voters and every ounce of progress is because we were a part of the eu . 
  seeing as traditional working class areas have been in constant decline - what growth ? 
  we voted between in or out , with both campaigns having supporters from all sides . 
  out are n't a party that could set policy , just suggest what could be done when we leave . 
  cameron 's resigned and we need to work out who is representing us in the negotiations . 
  it 's not just `` them old people ruining our country '' , they are the ones that have experienced the changes and disagreed with them . 
  there 's likely to be a lot of volatility in the next few days , but a lot of it 's hedge funds that found themselves positioned on the wrong side . 
  i 'd expect it to mostly recover in a month or two . 
  i suppose david cameron never expected to end up here . 
  perhaps our poor and unskilled labour get a bum deal from being in the eu ? 
  i , in many ways , am looking forward to them not being able to do that . 
  some more local democracy and accountability i would hope . 
  the eu is a fantastic ball to kick when things get in the way , and everyone 's a bit sick of it being used that way . 
  a lot of people have been applying for irish citizenship , you can do it as long as you 've got one grandparent who is irish . 
  my dad 's roi so i can just apply , whereas for grandparents you need to get copies of certain records and apply . 
  apart from being one of the net contributors and all that . 
  nationalists and xenophobes will obviously be in favour of independence as it also helps with their aims . 
  it does n't make all the other arguments illegitimate , nor does it make the campaign to leave the eu that kind of right wing nutjobbery . 
  when you have a 50/50 question people you dislike will end up on both sides . 
  to then paint either side with such a simple extrapolation is foolish . 
   but leavers say we will get more money from 10 % duty imposed on everything imported . 
  i 've not heard that one , who 's proposing that ? 
   overall , however , i am currently leaning towards voting in . 
  what i really hope happens is that the vote is incredibly close , resulting in some kind of reform in the eu . 
  however , looking at all the publicity on the opinions of the people on the leave campaign , the only reforms that would occur is with immigration and not with any of the actual problems . 
   i 'm not sure which way i 'd like it to go either . 
  i think i 'd like a narrow remain victory , triggering actual reforms . 
  whether that happens i do n't know . 
  yes , because no country has right/left extremists in their makeup , and extrapolating that to a large number of people is sensible . 
  seeing as there were conflicting eye-witness accounts of the incident initially it was quite fair to not leap to conclusions about his motives . 
  they sound like they 'd be ok because they 've skimped out on them . 
  but if i was actually finnish that lack of ammonium chloride would be sacrilege !, 
  and that 's including the fact that we often switch to yes at the last minute to save face .
