  people are getting overly semantic about language in this place and are using it to enforce their own biases , claiming all the mainstream media is depicting them as evil and vile . 
  virtually every word and sentence can be read as being in favour or against the migrants ( or refugees , or those seeking refugee status ... ) . 
  i 'm a native english speaker , and i have n't been reading half the things people in here have into every news report . 
  what has this got to do with anything ? 
  religious education classes should be a part of schooling , it 's important to at least understand people 's religions , particularly if you 're going to disagree with any/all of them . 
  re is supposed to be about that , but i doubt anyone actually checks what 's being regularly taught in some religious schools ' re classes . 
  re should be a fairly factual and historical class , probably with something about global cultures too . 
  turn it into a class about people ( which includes religion ) rather than about religious belief . 
  i think harassment is a thing , and incitement to violence is also a thing . 
  i believe both can happen online , however it 's difficult for the law to work out how to handle it . 
  she 's been charged with a crime , she has n't been found guilty and definitely not been sent to jail . 
  church schools on the whole do n't have this indoctrination problem - it 's been routed out over the years and has n't been an issue for parents for ages . 
  muslim faith schools , being relatively new entities , do n't have the same track record . 
  there 's also been several cases in the news of incredibly insular schools that teach a lot of illiberal values that just are n't a part of western society . 
  they 'd be unhappy , but the cofe has n't caused a fuss about much for the last half century . 
  do n't the small , independent french farmers also get the most disproportionate subsidies out of the cap too ? 
  exactly . 
  when he presents ones about loansharks he does n't present the `` oh , but that 's the risk of lending to people who are likely to default due to their lack of credit history '' and `` people voluntarily enter into those contracts '' . 
  i thought he gave a good summary of what is fucked up about the current crisis , but he did n't say europe needs to open it 's doors to millions of migrants either . 
   yeah , also this chart proves imo that / r/europe is not a stormfront puppet as some tend to believe . 
  unless they are such nuts that they believe that stromfront has overrun most of reddit . 
   during the summer , when there was nothing but the refugee crisis on here and the ramp up of crisis it definitely felt like there was an air of that going on . 
  there were a lot of posts with blatant racist slurs going on , rather than actual meaningful discussion . 
  now there 's a lot of angry and emotive posts , but i 'm not seeing the same level of blatant vitriol going on . 
  he 's not lying by omission , it 's just he 's not there to represent * everyone 's * point of view . 
  all his programmes are based on pointing out the absurdity of positions , or a basic lack of human decency and he often represents a voiceless underdog . 
  it 's perfectly acceptable to point out that the immigration system ca n't cope anywhere - hence turkey 's refugee hearings scheduled for 2020 . 
  similarly saying you ca n't / wo n't take muslims because you have no mosques is a shitty excuse for picking and choosing your refugees by . 
  this happens to be an issue where the answer is n't just let them all in , he did n't actually say that . 
  it 's also a popular comedy programme that 's based around investigative journalism and reporting . 
  not all programmes need to be presented from both sides . 
  they 're for the 300th anniversary of the union , which was in no small part triggered by scotland 's bankruptcy through the failed darian scheme . 
  so sortof , but not quite . 
  we actually meant we wanted to stay in the european union damnit !, 
  yeah , the big fat zero seems very perculiar , almost as if someone wanted to be misleading . 
  most people in the uk are used to the idea of 20/25 days holiday + 8 bank holidays ( for a standard full-time job ) . 
  thank you , it 's always nice to see that some people are willing to understand why we might 've unleashed this clusterfuck on ourselves , the eu and the world . 
  sorry , does the word migrant mean something different to you ? 
  something that is inherently offensive ? 
  whilst it has been lobbed about in terms of `` those migrants need to go home '' it is the actual , correct english word to be using for people that have moved from one country to another . 
  you 'll find it in text books , university courses , government statistics and online . 
  what words or phrasing should i be using ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  an englishman in america is a migrant , as is anyone living in one country from another . 
  my god , it 's like the people of those countries have different politics , politicians , expectations , philosophies and get screwed over in their own specific ways !, 
  if you 're not even going to address any of the practical issues that i 've raised over a series of posts then there 's no point talking up to you and your high horse . 
  you 're right , we 're all xenophobic arseholes , it 's that simple . 
  there 's no way there could be contributing factors to this decision , practical issues that we have experience of , and know are n't being addressed . 
  it 's impossible to have issues with a rapid increase in population over a short time , in a manner that we have n't prepared for . 
  nah , we just hate you all . 
  immigration has been the great elephant in the room for ages , along with what we need to do to deal with it . 
  [ the problem is that since 1997 it has become a more immediate issue . 
  ] ( http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/20160105160709/http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/resources/chdltmigrationestimates_tcm77-354471.png ) that 12.4 % has increased significantly from where it was before , this is an immediate issue that has n't been dealt with , and our politicians do a very good job at ignoring it . 
  if this were a slow , long term trend it might 've been felt differently . 
  ironically , the reason for the uk being the hub and having such a massive jump was that we were one of the few countries that did n't restrict poland 's rights to freedom of movement upon joining the eu , something france and germany restricted for 5 years . 
  yes , it is a failure of domestic policy , i 've said this ever since brexit day . 
  we 've been failed by domestic politics enough that people hit the red button . 
  i 'm not saying it 's the right way to deal with it , but it was one of the few methods that seemed available . 
   i 'd say that it 's your pisspoor politicians that have continuously made your country more and more unequal . 
  but hey , if you think it 's immigrants ... be my guest , even though you have the most fucking educated immigrants . 
  stop getting on a high horse strawmanning my points . 
  i 've never blamed immigrants for anything more than being here and therefore requiring the expansion of services which has not happened to suit . 
  i 've got plenty of complaints about our domestic policies and how they fuck up inequality in this country . 
  i voted remain out of practicality ( and our currently evident lack of a plan ) . 
  why is that mountain on fire ? 
  he thought that the valiant loser of the leave campaign would position himself very nicely to be the next pm . 
  he never expected to win . 
  so you 've completely ignored my upfront costs vs. long term gains point ? 
  i know they 're a net contributor , but if we need to outlay # 100bn in infrastructure spending upfront that takes 10 years to provide it does n't line up with having perhaps 1m eu migrants over the last 8-10 years . 
  in the mean time people see their communities and social services being stretched to breaking point . 
  our politicians cocked it up by not providing for it , and still are n't . 
  do we sit on our arses whilst these problems are ignored ? 
  no , some people decided to hit the emergency brake . 
  note : numbers are from arse , for illustrative purposes only . 
  the brits are in the eu for the trade and cooperation , not for the political integration . 
  so yes , that really is it . 
  why free trade needs to be tied to a political system i do n't know . 
  the number of polish immigrants to the uk being by far the largest of any nationality of recent years would be the reason they 're the ones in focus in conversation . 
  it 's not because they 're better/worse/more white/catholic/plumber than the rest , but because they 're the go-to example . 
  stop thinking they 're being singled out because they 're polish . 
   but nobody seems to mind dunno where you get that from , plenty of people mind . 
  it 's a legacy of previous failed immigration policies . 
   instead they are bothered by hardworking polish plumbers and mechanics yup , every pole is a hardworker , whereas those pakistani migrants do n't do a thing . 
  stop being a racist , eu-exceptionalist . 
  what they hell are you going on about ? 
  eu citizens are migrants too , and they can perfectly legally get on a boat/plane/train to get onto these islands . 
  perhaps you do n't want to get onboard with america 's domestic issues , which are quite a different kettle of fish . 
  that and immigrating to the us is pretty damned difficult . 
  comparing the us expansionist immigration policy to the uk 's current situation is stupid , you have immigration policies tailored to your current situation . 
  america was expanding across the continent , industrialising vast tracts of land and building new towns , infrastructure and states . 
  of course they were welcoming of immigration of any kind , they physically needed bodies to do the work , along with the brains to manage it . 
  the uk is a well established country , we 're not looking for expansionist immigration , but allowing people that we think will add to our country . 
  constantly adding hundreds of thousands of people is n't required - we do n't have empty and unproductive land that we 're trying to take advantage of , we 're adding people onto an existing group of settlements and infrastructure . 
  adding people means we need to upgrade that infrastructure at a faster pace than we would otherwise . 
  uk immigration comes with a lot of short term , `` per migrant '' gains , but it also means huge upfront costs such as building schools , hospitals and transport that only pay themselves off in the long term . 
  even if you have policies to provide that , it 's not easy and is very expensive . 
  i think the british people know who is responsible , but if it 's not being fixed you might pull up the drawbridge . 
  the polls were n't wrong , the results were within the margin of error for the polls . 
  seeing as a 99.98 % of the eu have had this signed off as a `` yes '' , that 's a really shitty defence mechanism . 
  as a brit holidays abroad the costs and effort of travel money are pretty low .
