  afaik it is more effective for small scale farming . 
  france benefits from having a lot of cottage-industry style farming and reaps in the cap subsidies , whereas the uk has a lot more industrial farming and , due to the way the rules are structured , receives far less cap . 
  yes , we have a rebate and such ( the point is n't about france/uk cap specifically ) , but subsidising inefficient farms ? 
  sounds like the kind of thing thatcher would 've hated !, 
  what about the nation of garden shed inventors ? 
  there 's plenty that tinker away at the bottom of their garden inventing a whole array of frivolous stuff . 
  every so often though we have a big one , like the steam engine ... 
  i 'm actually really glad this is happening , i think the eu project has been distracted with the ideas of further integration which is a complex , gritty and divisive policy . 
  within the current eu framework there 's plenty of scope for pan-eu projects , driving research , investment and countering the mass exporting of jobs and tax through loopholes . 
  we just need the right mindset to do so . 
  i see german/uk collaboration as a good starting point for this . 
  i kinda lumped some of that into cultural norm . 
  we would have to work out how a 4-day week economy would work , do we have a 5 day working week with people cycling through it , do we have a 3 day weekend ? 
  how does it work globally ? 
  true , there 's more labour and hr costs , but i 'd be so much more productive in a 4 day week environment . 
  i would n't have the `` it 's friday , no-one works on a friday '' feeling quite so much . 
  instead of having that half work , half rest day it 'd be a proper rest day . 
  wednesday would n't feel so down , monday mornings would n't feel like the weekend had only just begun . 
  except now they ca n't price their economy competitively , do n't have jobs and ca n't afford to travel abroad as easily . 
  yes , that is a bit facetious . 
  i accept your point , but we probably should n't veer off into a euro debate here , there 's plenty of other ones floating about / r/europe, 
  or perhaps some form of `` outsourcing tax '' . 
  when jobs get outsourced those at the top profit and the state foots the bill through unemployment and benefits . 
  of course this stuff is notoriously difficult to implement and enforce . 
  spain also has an awful lot of seasonal employment relating to tourism , with the rest of europe in crisis we 're just not going on holidays there to fill that gap . 
  we 've been going to the same place for the last 20 or so years , just across the french border . 
  since the euro came in the number of french & german tourists that popped over the border for a cheap holiday decreased noticeably , and our family has found the cost of holidaying there as brits converting our pound is also more expensive than before . 
  i would n't mind working 4 days a week standard , for less pay , but the cultural norm means this just does n't happen . 
  i hate how people try to dismiss the british opinion on the eu with sweeping statements such as this . 
  yes , there is a plentiful tirade of half-truths about the eu in our papers , but many brits do n't want the full-blown european superstate / united states of europe . 
  brits , when they get down it it , like being in the eu , but they often dislike the bureaucratic structure that is the eu in it 's current form and like their national sovereignty . 
  i suppose it 's a case of the boy who cried wolf . 
  there 's too much noise over here to sort the valid arguments from the eu regulating how curved my banana can be . 
  rip it all apart was probably an overstatement , but i think it 's been detrimental in the short and near terms to the eu . 
  i agree that the eu has brought europe closer , but i think you may be overstating the euro . 
  as a brit i do n't know how much having a single currency has affected people on the ground with regards to more inter-eu travel and ease , but whether or not it 's formed a much deeper connection ? 
  we 're inside the eu but outside the eurozone ( and affected by the crisis indirectly ) . 
  your point on historical context and the superficiality of it i think relates to the fact that the anger is directed at governments and not peoples . 
  i imagine greeks are annoyed at the troika and germany , but not germans . 
  that may be the important difference in how the conflicts are resolved . 
  i do n't expect wars or a dissolving of the eu , but i see less co-operation ( unwillingness to compromise in treaties ) in the near future because of it . 
  i do n't necessarily consider compromises currently being reached in the eurozone crisis as co-operation , they 're more agreements of circumstance . 
  unlike cern , esa or the echr , this is an integration project not a co-operation project , therefore i see the failure here as being infinitely more significant . 
  there is fallout that directly affects every individual in the eurozone . 
  i think you 're attributing a lot of cooperation with the establishment of the euro , but i disagree . 
  yes , there are areas where there 's more integration due to it , but i think you 'll find that those areas are quite unstable , unlike those that are unrelated to the euro . 
  i think that it has just been the natural progression of the project , the people and the times we live in . 
  the benefits of the eec are becoming more and more important in the modern world . 
  there are many people in the eu who are perfectly happy with the eu but uncomfortable with sovereign integration . 
  they have no problem signing up to negotiated treaties but find it difficult to sign over control of sovereign duties . 
  i think the eurozone crisis highlights that side of euroscepticism . 
   in it , mr kohl describes adopting the euro as an emblem of the european project , which he said had prevented war on the continent . 
  and now it could end up ripping that apart . 
  well , it probably wo n't bring about another war but it 's sown so much distrust and hatred it 's going to take a long time to get over . 
  fortunately the hatred is directed at politicians/governments more than the people . 
  i think any kind of political change such as this needs to happen organically . 
  any time they 're forced through ( like `` spreading democracy '' in the middle east vs. arab spring ) you have politicians dragging people into things for political reasons , not always thinking through the whole issue . 
  these are the parts of the eu that many brits are unhappy about . 
  we 're well aware how many of our politicians take the piss with expenses and unelected non-jobs with huge salaries and know that the eu has plenty of them too . 
  unfortunately these can get drowned out by the `` eu makes bananas illegal '' style articles , so when the proper examples of what 's wrong with the eu are exposed they do n't get taken seriously . 
  yes , but we seem to have resolved those issues by having safety nets in our societies . 
  we have unemployment , welfare and food programmes for those where the capitalistic system of property rights conflicts with our morally derived human rights . 
  but i do n't believe in simply handing out money to people . 
  it encourages taking without contributing . 
  the state/society is only going to be able to enforce your human rights if it has enough people willing to contribute to provide them . 
  you need a stake in society . 
  i 'd have a living wage as a human right , rather than an unconditional income . 
  this would help prevent minimum-wage-slavery of the kind you seen in america ( where people work several minimum wage jobs and 100 hour weeks just to exist day-to-day ) . 
  we need to be careful creating new `` human rights '' , i think the handing out of free money unconditionally goes beyond the remit of human rights , whereas mandating that anyone working in any job should be able to live life with a basic standard of living seems fair . 
  human rights are about restricting your right over me ( right to privacy , family life , free from torture ... ) , they are not about me having the right to take something from someone else . 
  ah yes , i read through the google translate and wondered how you 'd extracted that from it !, 
  that 's not a tax on deposits , that 's bog standard income tax being applied to the interest payments . 
  a tax on deposits would be `` you have # 1000 deposited in the bank , we will tax you # 10 / 1 % , regardless of you getting 0 % interest or 10 % interest '' . 
  with a hearty side of armpit ? 
  well maybe they have for you , but the service in london is pretty terrible . 
  whether or not you agree with cameron 's `` in out referendum '' ultimatum , it has spawned valid conversation about the eu . 
  the eu machine has steamed along without people looking at what it 's doing and how it is doing it , being silenced by the `` you 're anti-eu '' putdown . 
  you can be for europe , but against the current implementation ( and waste ) in the current eu bureaucracy . 
  i was n't trying to pull very much from the survey , it 's very limited and poorly constructed . 
  most people would find those topics things that are concerning , whether they are the `` single most serious problem '' is another matter . 
  i also do n't understand the survey seeing as it questioned `` single most serious '' but the percentages add up to way more than 100 %, 
  to the top with you . 
  article is pile of crap and hides a huge swathe of data from the original survey . 
  i would n't object so much except for their `` uncaring '' swipe at the uk at the end . 
  the czechs and poles both ranked at 52 % saying poverty was the `` single most serious problem '' . 
  we seem far more concerned about terrorism , energy and wars , which would make sense with our position in the world . 
  it 'd be interesting to see the actual data and what britain *** did *** vote for . 
  language semantics on a survey like that could sway votes hugely . 
  listing something as a `` big problem '' is pretty vague . 
  i also find it interesting that they lump all 3 categories `` poverty , hunger and lack of drinking water '' but then only talk about `` poverty '' . 
  i do n't know whether i would list `` poverty '' as one of the `` biggest problems '' . 
  it 's an issue , but i 'd probably list things that are seen to have a more direct consequence when asked that question . 
  and there 's no-one deserving of it more than the british tabloids . 
  i imagine there 's also quite a reporting bias . 
   meanwhile , england has no government of its own , and basically non-existent regional representation . 
   it 's a completely unbalanced system , and is n't sustainable in the long term . 
  the illogical unfairness of it all is so ludicrous you 's struggle to make it up . 
   they 've proposed several devolution options to the regions of england from regional parliaments , mayors and such over the last decade or so , apparently the locals reject the idea and do n't see it as something they want . 
  i suppose an english parliament they can probably see being more useful , but without splitting england up into 5 or so regions for most matters it 'll wholly unbalance the other 3 nations . 
  more powerful regional governance for england is probably the only way to settle the scotland problem .
