i do n't mind some of the ideas cameron has around `` changing the relationship with europe '' , but after his recent trend of throwing his toys out of the pram every time anything happens in farcical . 
  he 's burning bridges before he 's even started . 
  i think these would be more interesting if it was a 1-5 scale . 
  i 'd side on the `` slightly unfavourable '' , and i think many others would be . 
  whereas i 'd expect the us , whilst having a similar % age to us would probably be more exteme . 
    it 'd be a futile endeavour that would escalate the problems in the region ,  i do n't think it would , if our intentions are clear there should be no doubt in the motive for our actions . 
  sending in our military personnel into the middle of an active warzone controlled by separatist millitias on the borders of russia wo n't antagonise the situation ? 
  we wo n't be suspected of doing stuff on the side ? 
  hell , they 'd probably fabricate incidents the entire time our troops would be there with just enough credibility that people on the ground will care . 
  the issue is n't whether the international community believe it , but whether the people on the ground in these areas do . 
  whilst an incident like this should n't be used to play politics , it , and everything around it most definitely will be . 
  [ just look at everything the press , kremlin and russia today claim this shooting was about . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2696975/putin-blames-ukraine-loss-flight-mh17-298-innocent-souls-doesnt-deny-russian-separatists-shot-missile-mccain-warns-hell-pay.html ) sprinkle in some british forces on the ground , perhaps to remove incriminating evidence left by mi6 or evidence of a bomb on the plane , bam , you 've got a valid anti-west conspiracy theory that would go down perfectly well in eastern ukraine . 
  just because we * could * act , we would n't choose to anyway . 
  it 'd be a futile endeavour that would escalate the problems in the region , destabilise an already fucked up situation and royaly fuck up with the pro-eu side of ukraine . 
  also we would also be giving putin yet another card to use . 
  he 'll trump it up in the global and russian media , use it to demand concessions and more autonomy . 
  all sorts of things . 
  and what would we gain from it ? 
  repatriation of a few bodies ? 
  our politicians would n't do anything like this . 
  the united kingdom of great britain , ( northern ) ireland and the continent . 
  all under good old elizabeth 's reign . 
  if a child/teenager got hold of their parent 's gun and accidentally shot somebody i would question the regulations that allowed a gun to be kept in such a way to be easily accessible , question whether those that owned the gun were responsible enough to be in possession of it in the first place and then blame the individuals for their lack of individual responsibility . 
  that would map back to - was there enough foresight into potential problems , and were the appropriate controls put into place for regulating the single currency rigorous enough ? 
  was greece responsible enough to be let into the club , particularly the at the start ? 
  how did greece think they would be able to get away with what they were doing in the long term without fucking up . 
  perhaps starting the euro with a smaller group of eu countries , with more aligned economies , to give it a firm and stable base . 
  then bring in the weaker eu economies into the fold with plans on how to accommodate their economic cycles into the stable system . 
  i 've seen nothing more than one-line responses and a `` i 'm right , you 're wrong '' style of debating . 
  we raise valid questions , his response is `` but that wo n't happen '' or `` it 's someone else 's fault '' . 
  never responded to a criticism of the euro , only countered with a different point . 
  it was caused by lots of reasons , but the euro was the fundamental enabler . 
  ignoring all the all the fiscal rules the ecb originally put in place , a complete lack of oversight and having no mechanism to control . 
  it was a poorly planned , botched and rushed attempt at european integration . 
  what 's the plan to fix it ? 
  more european integration !, 
  only due to poorly planned , botched and rushed european integration . 
  i was n't mistaking it as war mongering . 
  we can and do assist plenty , but that requires them to reach out to us , and for them to mean it . 
  but you ca n't have many of those things without a stable and functioning ( preferably non-corrupt ) central government . 
  it 's been shown time and time again that we ca n't just go into a country and `` export democracy '' . 
  most nation-level institutions need to evolve to suit the people they serve and represent . 
  it took the developed world many civil wars before we ended up with the stable societies we have today . 
  should countries accept the english legal system when they 're mostly muslim and base their principles on sharia law ? 
  why do we have the right to go into another nation and dictate how to do things for the greater good ? 
  even if we succeed in doing that , there will be a large class of people that will blame all their ills on the `` foreign interference '' . 
  we should provide as much support to good , progressive regimes as we can . 
  consult on * how * to develop a nation state ( perhaps helping egypt with their constitution would 've been a good idea ) . 
  but we ca n't just expect that going into foreign countries and sharing will make the world a better place . 
  whilst a lot of these are * way * off , the benefits figures they 're using are a bit dodgy . 
  firstly , it includes pensions , which is absolutely massive and therefore dilutes the kind of welfare fraud that people actually think of . 
  this actually crops up later in the article , and it 's not very well publicised because attacking pensioners ( and our aging society ) is n't a great vote winner , seeing as they 're the ones that vote too . 
  the second is that a lot of people probably probably think that benefits should n't be being paid in a lot of circumstances where it is being paid . 
  thus , whilst fraud is relatively low , it 's because the qualifying criteria is so large . 
  yes , there 's technically little fraud , but people are probably answering a different question . 
  some of the rest though , yeah , it 's sad really :(, 
   the only thing thats standing in our way of doing that is that neither americans or europeans want to put boots on the ground . 
  so we 'd be putting nato forces in a sovreign country , and we do n't ask the ukrainians ? 
  even ukraine does n't want us to do that ...  hell yea , have our troops just stand by . 
  30,000 american soldiers is a formidable force . 
  like i said putin is already hesitant to send an army into ukraine no , he 's not invading yet because he 's playing the longer game - he 's trying to rig the situation so that he either does n't * have * to invade , or such that when he does it 's to `` protect the ethnic russians '' and to be able to claim it 's for good , and not a russian land grab . 
  hence all the misinformation , fake referenda and agents provocateurs . 
  of course it is ... 
  does anyone else think that the `` anti eu skepticism '' ( which is n't just optimised by ukip et al ) is a rational reaction to hasty integration of nation states with what might be considered insufficient oversight ? 
  it does n't mean we hate the eu , but britain 's never been for quick change . 
  i got most of that - but who are the sua ? 
  my british identity of the turks : why do n't your guys here sell the awesome kebabs you have back home . 
  my british identity of the germans : why do n't your guys here sell the awesome beer you have back home . 
  as someone whose dad is irish , i imagine relations are probably helped by the large number of irish over here . 
  saying that , still needed to read a lot on wikipedia and such to realise quite how badly we treated the irish . 
  it 's such a shame too , seeing as we 're so close and could 've done so much together ( and not with the brits as imperial rulers or anything ) . 
  ukip 's election strategy is based on ( hate ) and fear , but they do raise legitimate concerns . 
  many brits are skeptical of the eu , but we 're naturally skeptical about everything . 
  most people want to be in the eu , but think it gets far too much of a `` free ride '' and should be held to account a lot more than it is . 
  similarly , just because we 're not so sold on ploughing ahead into greater integration does n't mean we 're anti-eu , we just want proper planning . 
  one was managed by the good old soviet union and the other by the not so open japanese , where admitting failure is a deep shame on the company . 
  from what i 've read about japan 's nuclear industry ( and regulator ) it 's full of cover ups , misrepresentations and lies over the state of their plants . 
  did n't germany shut down their perfectly well run nuclear network in some anti-fukishima hysteria , thus making them highly reliant on russian gas imports ? 
  hi ms auken , i 'm british and , as you know , we 've got one of those love-hate relationships with europe . 
  if we ignore the blazing headlines that our newspapers spew out with regular glee , but focus on the facts behind them , many brits are n't against europe * per se * but do think it 's top-heavy , bureaucratic and over-imposing . 
  one of my concerns is that it ploughs ahead with integration with a religious zeal - those that want to slow down are talked down as heretics . 
  what do you make of the british perspective and david cameron 's proposed `` renegotiation '' on the future of europe ? 
  whilst i do n't want out i think that where the eu is now , vs. where it was when it started is significantly different enough that it justifies taking some time to re-evaluate why we 're all here and ensure it 's fit for purpose going forwards . 
  thanks, 
  ye god 's man , you missed out on being a member of the socsocksoc ( or socsocsoc ) !, 
  poland can not into medal tables :(, 
  the problem with politics is the phrase `` something must be done '' . 
  the problem with that is , as soon as you do something , you open up the chance for retaliation and blame . 
  if the eu/us do much more than they are doing now then russia can turn around and say we 're interfering with ukraine 's internal politics . 
  whilst they already are , it gives them ammo to go further , and russia will happily go further than anyone else is willing to . 
  what we need to do is provide as much soft pressure as possible and doing what we can to keep the movement on the ground alive . 
  but over and above that all we can do is let it play out . 
  specifically for not teaching her how to not board a train . . 
  well , building new housing that 's well below the minimum recommended size in the eu certainly helps !, 
  oh no , it 's not a bad thing to say at all !, 
  but the nation of inventors is one that we often propagate alongside the stiff upper lip , being sarcastic bastards and liking tea . 
  the camerons may be prats , but hipsters ? 
  iirc it was related to a large amount of these crops ( / farmland ) going to the production of biofuels , therefore creating a food shortage . 
  i think this is one of the things the cap has actually been encouraging .
