  i can withdraw charge free at the visa exchange rate ( which is usually pretty damned competitive ) throughout most of the eu . 
  where it makes a bigger difference is probably for business . 
  that was n't a `` hack '' like you might hack a bank , but a short-term attack on an exchange enabling them to manipulate the currency . 
  i 'm all for the fact that we can exist in the world outside of the eu , but we 'd get steamrollered by the chinese . 
  no it is n't . 
  question more is a good idea , but question everything and come up with 20 different potential answers for it no matter how absurd or unsubstantiated they are ? 
  russia 's general approach with question everything is to muddy the waters so nothing is true , nothing is false , and everything is open to being woven into a narrative . 
   let them raise their prices and have consumers go buy another product but it 's * marmite * . 
  you ca n't just replace it with some imposter like vegemite !, 
  there 's no hatred of the polish people themselves , it 's a dissapproval of uk immigration policy going from net migration of ~ 10k/year to 300k/year . 
  seeing as the uk was one of the only eu nations not to impose restrictions on polish freedom of movement when they joined , it meant that our first waves of immigration at the current scale were mostly poles . 
  at least most of the places that would lose funding voted leave as well . 
  if you 're creating figures for a remain campaign do you want the best case to be any good either ? 
  we 've been citizens ( as opposed to subjects ) since 1981 !, 
  is n't turkey in the customs union ? 
  why would we particularly need to leave it ? 
  do you not realise how arrogant that is ? 
  we 've got nothing to do with a continent we 've saved from war several times because we do n't want full-on integration into the european union ? 
  we get hatred when we express that we 're not on board with everything whilst within the eu , and hated when we leave you guys to it ? 
  the brits who signed up originally did so under the guise of a free trade arrangement , what 's evolved since then has caused the grief . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  but you can convert those dollars to pounds before spending them , and have more pounds to spend . 
  but yeah , i 've not shunted all of my investments either . 
  because we 're still part of europe , this is n't / r/eu even though it tries really hard to be . 
  can people not separate independence of the eu and its politics from being european ? 
  so she 's not changed position ? 
  besoke free trade deals ! = = global free trade . 
   march is the first date said by someone who actually wants to leave , and is in the position to do so . 
  who ( technically ) was a remainer at that !, 
  most people in the uk are n't interested in having turkey in the eu , but it 's been policy for decades to try and get them in . 
  and the same does n't happen the other way around in poland ? 
  bollocks . 
  every country has their own nationalists , racists and plain idiots , and hate crime happens on a daily basis . 
  it 's just now any time there 's some european that gets beaten up a paper can plaster it in a headline with the word brexit and get a shit load of views . 
  sure , far-right groups might use that language , but it 's not exclusively theirs either . 
  mainstream british politicians use the phrase that they are european ( there 's a degree of shared history , culture and values ) , but they are against the eu ( current clunky bearuocracy ) . 
  how else would you differentiate between those two concepts ? 
   these fools voted themselves out of the eu without even knowing the terms of brexit it 's impossible to have known the terms seeing as none of the parties invovled would talk about how they 'd want to work with a post brexit uk . 
  people are only allowed to believe in the current eu setup , otherwise they 're a racist ? 
  there 's plenty of distinct reasons to dislike the eu before racism crops up . 
  it 's that kind of immovable opinion that what we have now is a sacred cow that can not be questioned . 
  if you do question it , you 're an outsider who we can then cast out and ignore your concerns or criticisms , even if you live here . 
  this is n't some convenient advertising for the new series of narcos is it ? 
  the start time for that may not be the date of brexit , but instead be set at some point between referendum day and brexit . 
  whilst that might be the case , if a more liberal and reformed variant of islam establishes itself in the west it would improve domestic relations and integration . 
  there 's a difference between a guady pair of sunglasses and a piece of cloth that obscures your entire face . 
  we do n't normally accept people wearing balaclavas whilst out and about unless it 's bloody cold . 
  i 've seen a good number of them in london . 
  we know , cheers for the reminder though . 
  next time we have a bit of a joke about it we 'll let you know in advance . 
   i can get arrested in germany for making a hand gesture . 
  a lot of those policies date back to denazification and were systematically set up by the us and the allies to prevent a fourth bloody reich . 
  well that also applies * inside their house of worship * , it 's not a requirement for living day to day life . 
  whereas instead you 've got a presidential candidate that wants to ban people from entering the country based on their religion . 
  i do n't think russia and turkey are getting together any time soon though . 
  so paying for the creation of , and subsequently utilising , fraudulent identification documents is n't a crime ? 
  we 're working to avoid putting the wall back up in northern bloody ireland at the moment , and you want to bung one in scotland ? 
   scotland also has run at a surplus over the last 32 years , but the recent downturn has put us into deficit . 
  it 's the drop in oil prices , not the downturn , that has done so . 
  [ in fact , the sector cost the uk # 39m if tax reliefs are taken into account . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/oct/21/north-sea-tax-revenues-plummet-negative-first-time-history ) scotland does have a diverse economy , but it 's spending money came from the north sea . 
  the question is how long till saudi arabia stop playing economic games by slashing global oil prices . 
  it does n't look like it will be any time soon . 
  the british people were n't sold the eu in its current form , they were told in the original referendum it would n't be a political union . 
  it was the lisbon treaty that changed that , and it was done by our government . 
  a lot of those who originally voted to join the eec saw this as a betrayal on what they voted for . 
  i do n't think comparing how the formation and union of nation states 300 years ago is particularly relevant to the way we do it now . 
  there 's plenty of upset brits in here mate . 
  fptp vs. direct democracy - this time their combined votes actually made a difference . 
  i mean , there 's somewhere practical in between , obviously . 
  what about the independent european city-state of london ? 
  for practical purposes i think we might well be able to accept mainland immigration checks for travel from the island of ireland if the cta breaks up . 
  wow , someone who can look at the decisions and statements made by various people about brexit and work out it 's a logical consequence of the current position !, 
  i 'm sick of seeing comments under articles , just a few weeks after the vote , going `` back of the queue '' , `` x dropped by 5 % today , the uk is fucked '' , `` politician x wo n't commit to y , britain 's evil '' . 
  they 're all fairly simple and logical consequences of the current position . 
  hell , the uk government does n't even know what it 's own plan is yet ( 'cause it did n't expect us to bloody leave ) , so how is anyone else meant to commit to anything yet ? 
  but it makes us look like crazy reactionaries and the black sheep of the eu family !, 
  there 's a lot of unfair presentation of what are actually quite reasonable things to be considering in the period up to brexit . 
  he 's making the point that access to working visas and permanent residency after we 've left might be time restricted , and that limit could be a date like the brexit referendum day . 
  it 's not unfair to make it known that moving to the uk now under freedom of movement is fine , but doing so under the idea that it `` gets you in '' for when we leave might be misguided . 
  you do n't want to be in a position of sending people home because there 's a surge in people trying to do such a thing . 
  who knows , russia might start kicking up a mess , some financial crisis might tip some regime over the edge , global warming might hit and nations become desperate for habitable land ? 
  the point is we do n't know , and might need that option as one of last resort . 
  whilst brexit may have damaged the uk economy in the short term ( as expected ) , i do n't think we 've permanently shafted the uk . 
  there 's no manufacturing of a war , the renewal of trident has been on the books for a few years . 
  stating that the world is n't as happy and certain as we 'd like it to be , and therefore it could be seen as short-sighted to leave us without a deterrent for the next generation , is n't manufacturing a war . 
  we 're at the point of renewing our nuclear deterrent , none of this is new or a cash-grab by any department . 
  it 's not really a diversion . 
  by imposing border controls on the mainland ? 
  if they want to stay in ni then so be it . 
  they might be net contributors to the total economy , but they can be a complete drain on local resources and provision . 
  many of these areas with a high change in migration are seeing all their local services , housing , etc under strain . 
  the cost per-person of providing those services may be covered by their taxes , but building a new local school or hospital to cope with demand probably is n't . 
  there 's often a high upfront cost before you get back to reasonable costs per-person . 
  and all of that is assuming that taxes are spent in an area , which is n't happening in the uk at the moment . 
  so people voted to pull the plug . 
  yes , they have that there if it 's needed . 
  so far it has n't been . 
   this would instantly solve one of the biggest issues the eurozone is currently facing . 
   i hope you 're joking , you ca n't believe $ 150bn will solve this ?
