   but of course the main thing is that from a rational pov it sucks for both sexes immensely it 's living life to god 's law , in his chosen land and helping to support the expansion of muslim faith and power across the region . 
  how is that * not * the place for a disillusioned muslim , who wants to live with their own culture , to be ? 
  that and they do also provide social services , food , ( islamic ) schooling and the various trappings required to be considered a state . 
  i can see how that would look appealing to some . 
  turbines have a maximum speed that they can operate at . 
  most of our very windy bits of the country regularly gust above that and we have to turn them all off to prevent them from being damaged . 
   a larger quota system that would select migrants for specific jobs based on the host country 's needs and the person 's qualifications , could impose some stability to the influx of migrants and make the journey to europe safer . 
  except we already have plenty of un/low-skilled labour of our own ( or from the rest of the eu ) . 
  it 's a fair way to try and mitigate the circumstances for the migrant , but there 's no real reason to do it . 
   providing training in the country of origin with the dual aim of creating local jobs and also preparing potential migrants for their new life abroad is a far better investment than just pouring money in the pockets of local politicians who often score low when it comes to human rights . 
  why would we educate people abroad with the goal of importing them as migrants ? 
  would n't this be brain-draining these countries of skilled people that * we 've just bloody educated * ? 
  there 's plenty in defence of the niqab in either a general freedom of expression , or female empowerment . 
  http://www.gender-focus.com/2015/03/15/dresscodepm-harper-niqab/ http://unpublishedottawa.com/letter/18697/abortion-niqab-issue-about-womans-right-choose http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/oct/06/the-niqab-makes-me-feel-liberated-and-no-law-will-stop-me-from-wearing-it, 
  whilst the uk gets a rebate , we 're still typically the second highest net contributor after germany . 
  and this is why people feel that the eu is undemocratic . 
  it might * technically * be a democracy , but no-one cares . 
  extreme-right nationalist party does n't like islam , news at 11 . 
  it 's probably one of the few levers they have to control immigration by , and it would be fairly simple to implement . 
  no points , appeals etc , if you ca n't pass a straightforward english test , why is that beneficial to us ? 
  it looks like we might have a classic tyranny of the majority . 
  if in general the german-lead western bloc consistently outvotes the v4 , i think they 're allowed to feel marginalised by a simple majority vote on major issues , of which changing the makeup of their society might be one . 
  i suppose it 's easy to work and vote together when things are going well . 
  but when a crisis happens there 's fundamental disagreements in how to continue , and people do n't like being overruled . 
  i think it 's a symptom of the eu rushing the whole integration project . 
  they 've bound themselves in tightly , and expanded massively in a short period of time . 
  the question of sovereignty is being asked , and many people are n't ready for it . 
  there 's plenty of british afro-caribbean and indians that are solidly integrated into british society . 
  british sikh 's are an awesome people , taking the best of both identities . 
  there may be more history and nuance associated with european identities , whereas the us 's being so fresh it 's easier to join in and change it by adding your own . 
  i think they 're trying to get everyone involved in a war against isis . 
   does it make that much of a difference ? 
  well , if it 's the orchestrator , rather than the footsoldiers , he can just march across europe from cell-to-cell instigating either pre-planned attacks or just giving someone a gun and the sign-off to do something . 
  it sounds like they 've overheard a mix of a lot of direct chatter and had informants give relatively concrete information . 
  i do n't think this is isis pulling the old ira `` coded warning '' phone-call . 
  this feels more at home in / r/unitedkingdom, 
   military interventions work , provided that you have a clear goal and objective mechanisms of measuring progress . 
  unfortunately , too often there 's no clear endgame and the military is under political pressure to lie about its progress rather than request more resources . 
  i was hoping that we 'd have learnt those lessons after iraq when we went ahead with libya . 
  in general , i 'm against intervention now , because we 've repeatedly shown that we do n't have a bloody clue what to do afterwards . 
  if cameron has an actual plan that has a step after `` bomb the shit out of isis '' then i might be able to support action . 
  well , there was quite a notable number of people that refused to be charlie because they disagreed with the paper 's general approach to satire , finding it rather crude and distasteful . 
  i think a lot of people that claimed they were charlie should also have done that , as they did n't actually believe in the ideals that support charlie hebdo . 
  but here there is no ideal or individual that 's been attacked , it 's france . 
  so are all the immediate perpetrators accounted for ? 
  arrested , dead or suicide ? 
  the reports i 've seen so far are n't talking about a manhunt . 
  the eu does n't have a guns and crime problem , most people are able to feel safe enough to conduct their day-to-day business without having to consider that . 
  no , we do n't need the right to bear arms because our criminals also do n't feel the need to use them in general . 
  you 've posited the question after a terrorist attack . 
  yes , in some cases a well positioned and trained ccw holder could reduce the headcount in a one in 20 million chance of being a victim . 
  and in such a co-ordinated attack like tonight it would n't make much difference . 
  i do n't think the trade-off of making guns commonplace in society will improve things in the long-term . 
  i think it would change the dynamics of crime towards the more violent . 
  the uk is the exemplar of european empire , to the extent where people think that the uk was the only country that did empire . 
  all of the major-ish european powers had empires . 
  not necessarily to the same extent , but also being as badly / worse / better managed , with the same / horrific / smaller atrocities committed whilst doing so . 
  i 'm not saying that the uk does n't have anything to be ashamed of in it 's history , but being the biggest empire / global lingua franca , everyone knows what we did . 
  denmark , sweden , spain , portugal , germany , austria , italy etc ( sorry if i left you out ) were doing exactly the same things . 
  french colonies are a part of france , included in their statistics , governance and everything - whereas the uk 's ex-empire ( territories ) are n't a part of the uk . 
  just look at what belgium did with hands in the congo ... 
   the very delicate point of being a certified generalist and prescribing homeopathic is that , under no circumstances you are allowed to present it as an active cure . 
  if the nhs were to prescribe homeopathic treatments , under the proviso of the placebo effect ( or other ) , that 's fine . 
  but i think it has to be kept within the system , otherwise you are legitimising it as an alternative ( exactly the point you 're making ) , or you 're allowing private companies to define the cost of a placebo . 
  i agree that placebo response is a thing , and it can be very powerful ( and cost effective ) . 
  but i have to disagree with it propping up an industry that exists more because they ca n't be disproved , rather than they have proof . 
  if your doctor honestly believes placebos might help , sure , why not . 
  but if they refer you to a private `` placebo centre '' , where anyone can choose to go instead of seeing their doctor , i ca n't approve . 
  it legitimises * not * seeing a medical professional , and therefore going directly to your herbalist / homeopath / acupuncturist instead of seeking medical advice first . 
  and placebos should effectively cost nothing to administer , otherwise you 're paying the going rate for snake-oil . 
  we 're still going for the fracking thing ? 
  i thought that would all be put on hold by the massive drop in the oil price . 
  no , but after they get residency / citizenship from sweden ( one of the places you can get eu citizenship quickest ) quite often they move to the uk to join other communities . 
  yes , and i 'm sure there 's a un report that signs everything off at guantanamo . 
   you can not be serious . 
  uk is the one that wants to put restriction on romanians and bulgarians . 
  the uk was the * only * nation that did not impose the limits on freedom of movement when the first expansion welcoming poland into the eu occurred . 
  we 've gone from ~ 5/10k net migration a year to ~ 150k/year since that occurred . 
  it 'd probably be more balanced if france and germany opened their markets at the same time . 
  150k over 10 years , with no abatement , is why the uk in particular is currently not happy with the freedom of movement situation . 
  the pace it too high . 
  whereas the uk did n't - and that might be why the uk is against the free movement of people , because we got * way * more migration from poland than we expected , and it has n't stopped as the eu has continued expanding . 
   so , the world is already bad , therefore we should do nothing ? 
  no , he 's saying that there 's a lot of shitty things going on in other parts of the world , and that we ca n't fix everything . 
  people spend 3 generations in prison camps in north korea in unimaginable terror , or starve daily in nations throughout the world . 
  violent crime is rife in south africa , and corruption is endemic in zimbabwe . 
  the north of england has some of the worst areas of deprivation in europe , and russia 's still poking ukraine in the side . 
   and yeah , i 'm all for rational , clear thought . 
  i 'd love some more of that . 
  and rational clear thought is saying that yes , there are a lot of economic migrants . 
  those economic migrants should be turned back . 
  rational , clear thought ? 
  we 've hardly been able to deport the failed asylum seekers we 've been receiving over the last 10 years , what makes you think we 'll be able to do it to a load of stateless migrants ? 
  what do we do for the refugees that ca n't make the dangerous voyage to europe ? 
  why are people being encouraged to make these dangerous journeys in the first place ? 
  it will cost orders of magnitudes more to help each refugee that makes it here than to support them near their home country . 
  the search of his home is going a bit far , but i imagine the threat is that he could 've been working with someone else , and the intent was to get the motorcade to slow enough for something to happen . 
  i mean , i do n't expect that to be the case for him at all , but if you 're going to stop the chinese motorcade in central london what do you expect the police to do ? 
  that 's an intriguing bit of knowledge , definitely puts him in contrast with the rest of the mafia looking people . 
  ok , i do n't know what the guy in # 4 is selling , but he 's got my vote !,
