   talk about putting half your eggs in one basket !, 
  oh no , they used two baskets - well , boats . 
  they sent a primary expedition that totally failed to set up a base camp , and they abandonded the settlement and returned . 
  unfortunately scotland had already sent out the second expedition , who arrived to an abandoned settlement and graveyard . 
  and the bank of england minted a [ commemorative # 2 coin ] ( http://www.royalmint.com/discover/uk-coins/coin-design-and-specifications/two-pound-coin/2007-act-of-union ) for the 300th anniversary of the union . 
  is n't that rubbing it in a bit ? 
  how do you go about deporting 100k people to the balkans ? 
  plenty of poles / eastern europeans work in the uk , send the money back home to their families / save it , and return to their home nation after a couple of years . 
  that 's a large transfer of british pounds into the polish economy . 
  i do n't know how well the bbc region blocks iplayer , but i 'm sure a fair number of / r/europe will have access to it . 
  a good interview . 
  some hard questions being poignantly put . 
  the foreign minister is on the defensive quite often , but is very practical in his answers . 
  i think he manages to get across hungary 's position fairly well . 
   sure , there may be 1 or 2 infiltrators in the whole population of refugees , but what 's more important : 2 terrorists or millions of refugees ? 
  europe shoudl definitely take more in refugees . 
   except for the fact that they 're * not * saying terrorists are in the refugees , they 're saying islamic extremists already in the country are now recruiting * from * the refugees . 
  these are the ones that have convinced so many europeans to go and fight for isis . 
  the refugees are an easy target , a fresh batch of disaffected youth for the islamists to prey on . 
  / u/reilly616 seems to have +6 from me , so i 'll assume that makes him a good choice !, 
  / u/jebusgobson has +2 and the rest i do n't know about . 
  i dunno if it 's being used to discredit as such , but it 's more a comment on how 's it 's being handled . 
  keep suggesting patches that happen to have popular support until the next problem arises . 
  it 's led to this shambolic lurching of policy rather than any kind of particular plan . 
   citation ? 
  his arse . 
  what does $ 1000 in aid get you in germany , compared to a refugee camp ? 
  i imagine countries are going to be diverting aid to their internal refugee support . 
  i love how casually he 's saying his family was killed . 
  it does n't even sound convincing . 
  so it 's different footage * and * they did n't mute it . 
  way to stir up a shitstorm about nothing , op . 
  well , it sounds like they 've lowered the volume for the voiceover . 
  does n't seem different to any other background footage the bbc uses . 
  i did n't read that into it . 
  bbc news did fairly decent coverage , showing the buildup and things being thrown , people storming the border than the release of tear gas and water cannon . 
  i still do n't see why they led with the tear gas , surely start with the water canon first ? 
  it was n't a full on riot or anything by that point , and still well controlled . 
  the crowd did have children and babies in it , and whilst we should try to provide aid and shelter , we should avoid firing tear gas into crowds that contain kids . 
  i suppose they wanted the image of migrants being attacked , gas and water cannon being used to get out there , and counter the german message of `` all are welcome '' . 
  well , he was doing the report in the context of the temporary suspension of schengen and the such . 
  i mis-quoted as he said erecting walls and not borders , and was making the point as hungary was plugging the final gap in theirs . 
  i do n't see anything particularly wrong with making that point , it 's a poignant way to sign off a newscast . 
  i did n't come away from it in tears thinking about the migrants/refugees and demanding `` tear down this wall '' . 
  i was reading their website on a fairly normal day , have n't really flipped over to their news channel . 
  when i said `` it is n't full of lies '' i meant it , i could n't honestly say that the content of it did n't contain facts . 
  but the narrative was way off , and the articles seemed very selective out of the possible options . 
  i did see some of that , along with the fud articles suggesting they were targeting putin 's presidential jet . 
  maybe i should turn it on for some of the big russian events , it 's just not something i regularly indulge myself in checking . 
  when i saw the bbc report last night on closing the borders i did n't see much bias . 
  they had a guy on the scene where they closed the border , before and after . 
  made commentary on how the eu is now erecting borders that it was previously able to tear down . 
  footage of distraught refugees now stuck on the other side of the border , as you would expect of people who had trekked all that way to get to the eu . 
  what did the need to do differently to what they broadcast ? 
  how about some * statistics * from the processing of claims ? 
  i 've been saying this myself for just over a year . 
  rt have made a massive push in the english market , there was a huge advertising campaign at all the major stations in london a year ago , and rt massively ramped up their production values . 
  every so often i go over to rt just to see how they 're reporting things . 
  i find their us/uk section is n't full of lies , per se , but there 's plenty of half truths , stories criticising the uk based off of a tweet or two and a lot of stale big negative stories hanging around on the front page . 
  it 's very daily mail like in its content , very easy to read and if you do n't know what to look for or questions to ask yourself about how it 's reported it 'd be easy to get sucked in . 
   firstly i said that in my experience the cost of living in the uk was lower than in portugal . 
  i did n't say compared to wages . 
  i said i can get most things for a lower price . 
  ok , that 's interesting and your experience , but i do n't quite see how . 
  i go by things like the [ cost of living index ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/rankings_by_country.jsp ) , where the uk 's ranked # 8 , and portugal at 61 . 
  it ranks the uk higher by both global purchasing parity and local purchasing parity . 
  local governments have a duty to support people in need living in their area , as this court ruling states it 's for a limited period . 
  i do n't see how a `` minimal benefits system '' can be set up without being a horribly complicated bureaucratic nightmare and ultimately distorting labour markets . 
  hmm , interesting . 
  maybe there 's another one i 'm thinking of , but munich does sound like the kind of place i was thinking about . 
  it does list in the intro that several countries tried a similar thing , and vienna and switzerland have abandoned theirs . 
  glad to see munich did ok . 
  i have no problem with people having a personal belief in religion , but i do object when it starts being considered as an absolute definition of morality . 
  from there , it 's used to justify anything that their religious text be against , be it buggery , divorce or the treatment of women . 
  at some point , religion starts to be used to influence policy , on the basis that because they believe something labelled as a religion , we have to opt-out of rational debate about it and respect their opinions . 
  i reject this equally across all religions . 
  ireland has suffered at the hands of the catholic church , the uk 's flipped between protestantism and catholicism because the guy in charge changed and everyone needs to switch , the jews have circumcision and islam has plenty of dodgy interpretations too ( women 's rights , a religious legal system and holy war ) . 
  i do n't have to respect your religious beliefs , no matter who you are . 
  you 've decided to believe a book , and a group of people telling you how to interpret it and live your life . 
  but ( as an atheist ) i think it 's complete bunk , and ca n't be used to justify anything . 
  it 's just as valid as any other `` deeply held belief '' . 
  religious texts are filled with plenty of good , moral stories and parables , but they 're also filled with plenty of hatred - particularly dependent on the interpretation you want to read into them . 
  this does n't mean i 'm entitled to go out and attack religious people , or object to a community coming together in worship . 
  have as much * personal * religion as you want . 
  the problem with some religions is the cultural enforcement of it on others , specifically inside their communities . 
  it can enable so many things abhorrent to liberal western values , and abuse of individuals that may not want to live under those rules . 
  every religion should be confronted , it 's just that in the west we 've got relatively tame variants of catholicism left over ( yes , there 's still anti-abortion nuts and right-wing terrorists - you can see that they usually get handled by our legal system ) . 
  there seems to be an diverse range of beliefs , in varying degrees of extremity , that exist within islam that conflict with western ideals that does make it an easy target . 
  i 'll agree with the lols about using open source in the military , it 's definitely there in abundance . 
  open source in infrastructure it has always been huge , it 's administered by techs who are in an engineering role . 
  but open source consumer software has never had a large adoption rate . 
  you 're not going to have your techies and engineers , but secretaries and clerks that know how to do something by clicking here , there then ok . you 've also got inter-operational issues with every other standard . 
  this being the military , they might be able to manage it , just . 
  did n't a big state in the eu try this , and it cost a huge amount of money and they gave up ? 
  i want to say germany . 
  you need to get it installed everywhere and it is n't quite compatible enough for a government to run two systems in parallel . 
  then you need to retrain everyone in the new software . 
  your open source advocate will have no problem , but what about a secretary trying to do a mail merge ? 
  then you 'll have all the custom integration software , macros and edge cases . 
  and you need to do all of the above , with government level it competence , whilst keeping the state running normally .
