  no-one actually thought she wanted to #killallwhitemen , but it feels like some internet vigilantism via completely legitimate routes . 
  this is n't about her being cast as a danger to white men , but it 's an overblown story about a student welfare officer being brashly exclusionist and not being able to see how she 's just as bad as those she claims to be against . 
  it seems that she has n't learnt or understood why people took offence / disagreement with what she was doing , particularly as someone with an equalities position in the student union . 
  her entire response to everything has been framed within a victim complex . 
  i mean , it did blow up extraordinarily for such post in a bloody student union , but this constant `` us vs. them '' that she 's got going is really unhealthy . 
  based on her reactions i doubt she 's ever had to deal with criticism before . 
   ** so what does it mean in terms of language ? 
  **  like when you say #fml , you are n't literally telling people to fuck your life . 
  it 's an expression of how somebody is feeling , not what they are telling people to do . 
  it is n't a command . 
  * the #killallwhitemen hashtag is something that a lot of people in the feminist community use to express frustration . 
  * i 'm sure that the #killallmuslims hashtag she mentions is also `` used by the community to express frustration '' , and is not a command . 
  you do realise that the fear-mongering before y2k led to it being mostly avoided ? 
  it was a serious issue for which we knew what we had to do ; a lot of developers did a lot of work to fix y2k . 
  pretending that large scale migration is n't a serious issue that needs to be managed appropriately , and simply hand-waving it off with platitudes of `` it 'll all work out in the end '' is incredibly disingenuous . 
  but surely having the ability to choose the shape of immigration is useful . 
  a high skilled migrant will contribute more than a low skilled , even if they both contribute . 
  it 's about balancing sustainability in numbers and the shape of those migrating . 
  at the moment we 're discriminating absolutely against non-eu migration because we ca n't control eu migration . 
  we 're decimating the numbers that can apply from outside the eu with absurd restrictions and regulations because it 's the only number on the balance sheet we can control . 
  uk nationals ca n't even bring in spouses unless they can earn well over the average wage !, 
  instead of having a points based system for all migrants we have ridiculous restrictions on highly educated non-eu nationals whereas any low skilled worker from the eu can turn up . 
  which type of immigration would you prefer ? 
  i 'm equally annoyed at the lack of attachment i feel towards europe . 
  as much as i agree that being in should give us more influence than out , i think we 'll always be the bad boy of europe that always get blamed when their ill-thought-out superstate project gets told to slow down . 
  i do n't think the uk will ever be seen as an equal that wants a slower european project , and we 'll either vote on favour of legislation we do n't like to save face or continually be ostracised for thinking differently about the eu 's future . 
  because it justifies our government 's rather meagre approach to the refugee crisis , so every example of the `` open door '' policy going wrong elsewhere gets widely reported . 
  this comes after a week where someone was caught trying to enter disneyland with guns and ammo ? 
  i understand the state of emergency needs to not become a permanent one , but i do n't think people are ready to relax . 
  i do n't think you can do this kind of thing with a simple 50/50 majority . 
  otherwise those who are against it will constantly undermine the authority of the federation . 
  it would create a really unstable base to build upon . 
  for this reason , i think it 's a long way off , and that the eu needs to reform itself and prove it can work at this scale before people are willing to hand over more powers . 
  i 'm aware that this can cause the eu issues , because it ca n't do things it needs to do , but it has n't been given those powers because it 's not earnt them yet . 
   are the culprits aware that they are refusing the state a yearly multi billion check for their own political petty gain ? 
  i 'm sure many of them have been using exactly the same mechanisms themselves . 
   rtl radio reported that the man was carrying two low-calibre weapons , a box of cartridges and a qur ' an -- details which had not yet been confirmed by police or prosecutors . 
  retirees spending their pensions and falling back on the nhs when required ? 
  that 's not a bad deal if managed properly . 
  many people do n't have the option to travel outside of peak , and really do n't have alternatives to the train , particularly in the london commuter belt that can extend as far as wales . 
  these people have seen their season tickets hiked above inflation and earnings for years without any improvements for those that actually fund the bulk of the service , and profits are paid to shareholders . 
  it 's simple price gouging . 
  you know it 's a good law when you have to add exemptions for everything ... * controlled drugs * medicinal products * alcohol * nicotine * tobacco products * food, 
  it 's pretty disingenuous to think that the brexit crowd are primarily sun readers . 
  well , it 's a fairly light article from the i , which is n't a fantastic piece of journalism to begin with . 
  the bofe report 's conclusion states :  closer examination reveals that the biggest effect is in the semi/unskilled services sector , where a 10 percentage point rise in the proportion of immigrants is associated with a 2 percent reduction in pay . 
  i agree , the telegraph are probably making this sound bigger than it is . 
  but why are we happy with a decrease in pay of 2 % for some of the lowest skilled , when we normally rally for them to be protected from things like this ? 
  i do also wonder how many of those low-skilled jobs are minimum wage ( and therefore ca n't go down ) , so those that are affected by a decrease are affected more strongly and are averaged out by the rest . 
  wow , picture # 30 is pretty difficult to view . 
  definitely shows the brutal power willing to be used by the soviets against civilians . 
   the referendum was planned even before the crisis . 
  but this crisis , and the shambles that is the eu approach to it , could very well tip a lot of people to the `` no '' side . 
  the saudi 's are n't usually immigrants . 
  they purchase mansions and million-pound flats in kensington and chelsea , fly over for the summer , race their supercars in the streets ignoring all traffic laws and then fuck off back home . 
  london 's their summer playground . 
  women that do n't want or are unprepared for a child will find ways to self-abort , and will end up doing so in ways that are likely to harm or kill themselves . 
  i 'd recommend [ this documentary ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/3wxrrp/when_abortion_was_illegal_untold_stories_1992/ ) featuring american women discussing their experiences before legalised abortion . 
  the comments are also filled with personal stories around the issue . 
  [ there 's a very interesting video ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/3wxrrp/when_abortion_was_illegal_untold_stories_1992/ ) over on / r/documentaries featuring tales from america before abortion was legalised , and the absurd and dangerous situations young pregnant women found themselves in . 
  it 's crazy that the irish still have to deal with this situation - at least some women are able to hop across the border and seek the medical care they need . 
  i would n't mind this who thing if it was n't cameron trying to do it , and he had n't gone about it this way . 
  he seems like a child who 's thrown all of his toys out of the pram and does n't want to work with anyone . 
  they 're currently holding the trucker responsible , but i imagine that was to stop them taking bribes to sneak people over . 
  certainly not designed for the current lawless nature on the french side that allows migrants to jump onto the back of trucks for kms before the chunnel . 
   look at it this way though : if they are willing to ride a pickup truck through libyan deserts with the constant threat of death , cross the med on a dinghy and hitchhike across europe with no food/money , there is not much that `` we 're gon na be nasty to them when they arrive in england '' is going to do . 
  the point is to remove the draw that causes them to do that in the first place . 
  if they know that entering the uk illegally does not result in a home , food and weekly stipend then they may end up staying in their own countries . 
  it 's one aspect of the situation anyway . 
  once they 've got to calais you 're not going to do much to turn them around . 
  yeah , it 's an interesting list of `` derided '' criteria they 've gone for . 
  do we really need postings for every time they evacuate a station due to a `` suspicious package '' ? 
  taking in war refugees from france is not part of the geneva convention . 
  those laws were not written with the intention of people traipsing across europe choosing where to live . 
  the uk has it 's own scheme for taking refugees because it ( rather sensibly ) is not a part of schengen and therefore manages it 's borders differently . 
  it 's not the uk 's responsibility to deal with the problems with schengen 's handling of the refugee crisis , and schengen 's lack of border controls and processing . 
  i 'll agree we should probably be taking in more people , but i do n't see why taking them from a safe eu country that has it 's own asylum systems in place is part of the deal . 
  all it does is encourage transit through unguarded schengen to the calais jungle . 
  are n't they violating the highway code , breaking and entering , committing assault in various means ? 
  or is this just normal behaviour for france ? 
  but this is the enforcement of the uk border . 
  the uk has always had a border , it 's not a part of schengen . 
  what middle ground are you proposing ? 
   the current refugee crisis is an international problem . 
  simply closing borders is not only inhumane , it 's making everything worse . 
   so we should have no borders ? 
   oh so this is what this `` france is somalia '' fantasy is about . 
  you 're another uk xenophobic citizen who are afraid that `` the foreigners wave will steal all my foodz and money . 
  hide yo kids hide yo wife '' . 
   or , you know , enforcing our rules that we take people from the unhcr 's relocation programme and do n't accept people that have crossed 1/3 of the world , broken the law and smuggled themselves into our country ( it 's not like they 're going to register as refugees on our side ) . 
  yeah , whilst low corporate tax rates * can * lead to companies actually moving their hqs there , many only do it on paper using a po box . 
  if you 're lucky , they might actually hire an employee or two . 
  i suppose france is trying to distract from the fact that this plot was able to succeed on their soil . 
  blame the belgians , they 've got the dodgy molenbeek area where these guys operate from in europe !, 
  do n't look at the failed policies of france to deal with poor minorities and their own legacy of handling immigration . 
  i suppose you could understand it initially ( omg , this has something to do with belgium as well ! ) . 
  guys - you both have problems , as does the uk and plenty of other eu countries . 
   that 's why 3rd generation immigrants are generally the worst , because that 's exactly what they feel due alienation or perceived persecution . 
  well we did n't ban anything in the uk , tried the whole multiculturalism thing and still have the same sort of problems . 
  although these could also be the ones that are trying to avoid their fellow man that is running off to join isis .
