  the problem is that there 's plenty of evidence that `` not saving them '' does work , as the australian anti-immigration policies have been showing . 
  the fact that they have huge distances relative to the med to travel probably means that 's enough . 
  it 's a short step to see where this guy 's coming from , and how he wants to try something similar . 
  similarly , the idea of defending a nation 's borders with force is also not new . 
  whilst bluntly made and incredibly harsh / cruel , they 're not exactly new ideas . 
  silencing them is n't going to make them go away . 
  well , when you stuff the young into university and training courses that wipe them out of unemployment figures then we get a much better looking raft of statistics . 
  now they 're stuck staying at home , without access to benefits with the prospect of a minimum wage , far below the `` living wage '' ( that 's below the actual living wage ) . 
  our youth unemployment is pretty awful . 
  i 'd be annoyed at how that 's so not-the-point if marogian did n't state you were a moderator of polandball . 
  it all makes sense now . 
  i 'd expect moderation to happen by consent , similar to how the uk police force works . 
  what 's the point of having a moderating team if they do n't respect the topics that users want to discuss ? 
  english cheddar is yellow/white in colour . 
  we do have red leicester which is specifically an orange/red though . 
  what total bollocks , she 's a union rep at a mid-grade university . 
  should the student union fire her ? 
  yes , but when was the last time a student union did something that sensible . 
  should she be prosecuted ? 
  seriously , for what ? 
  it 's an off-colour joke that should n't have been made , hardly a chargeable offence . 
  i doubt this would make the standard for `` inciting racial hatred '' . 
  this issue has nothing to do with universities or the uk in general , and more to do with stupid people ending up in nonsense roles in the student union voted in by no-one that really cared . 
   as far as i know during my time as a student ( 7 years ) there has never been an example of a british student 's union voting against radical left . 
  when i was at imperial we had a vote on becoming a member of the nus and it was thoroughly rejected . 
  at the time i was mostly pissed off that i did n't qualify for a student discount , but i 'd say that 's a rejection of the radical left ... 
   this lunatic should be behind bars in a mental institution . 
  what ? 
  she 's a student union rep ; not a fully fledged , salaried member of the university . 
  she should be removed from her position and then promptly forgotten . 
   it was clearly a joke . 
  you ca n't go about tweeting jokes as an equalities leader about genocide from the student union 's equalities twitter account - it 's the kind of thing that makes a position untenable . 
  it 's also not just the initial incident , but her continued insistence on her position ( and the infamous `` non-whites ca n't be racist '' line ) that people are angry about seeing as it 's an incredibly ignorant and contrived position . 
  however , this being from goldsmiths university it really did n't need any world-wide condemnation and only popped up in / r/london and / r/unitedkingdom a couple of times . 
  she should also have been removed by the student union ( although i 'm not surprised she has n't been ) . 
  the nus is a clusterfuck of political madness too . 
  erm , perhaps frogs ? 
  we do n't seem to have an equivalent i can think of , the french are the french . 
  it 's similar to sheep . 
  forcing european integration really quickly is going to be a great way to bring out the far-right parties again . 
  it is , it 's just that it 's a contraction of briton , and not british . 
  * realises the above sentence has three `` it is '' 's in it , does n't bother to change it * * realises that trying to add a 's to a quoted phrase does n't work either * oh fuck this language ... 
  who would they blame without us ? 
  aha , i was hoping someone would have a decent link that demonstrates this . 
  we might throw everything out the pram to try and get things our way ( particularly with the tories atm ) , but that might be because we 're very good at actually implementing what happens . 
  the rebate brings us back down in line to where most countries are in net contribution to the eu per capita . 
  [ whilst the data is old ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/8036097.stm#start ) , i do n't think the trend has changed too much ( except we 're paying more because of this accounting change ) , we 're the second largest net contributor to the eu overall , and the cap is 50 % of the eu budget . 
  this happens all the time - we disgruntledly follow the rules whereas france and germany do n't . 
  ok - so i 've found a [ huffington post article ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/11/05/uk-migration-ucl-study_n_6105522.html ) that covers the dual reporting ( and links to ! ), 
  [ the original study ] ( http://www.cream-migration.org/files/fiscalej.pdf ) . 
  the article clarifies that it does take into account the cost of services provided . 
  now i 'm not going to do a full analysis of the 51 page scientific paper to win an argument on the internet , but i did give it a skim . 
  in particular , the methodology around those costs . 
  i 'll take this segment as representative of how they calculate the ongoing cost to society in terms of the consumption of services . 
   how , then , should one classify second-generation immigrants i.e. 
  the uk-born children of immigrants in an analysis of immigrants ' fiscal contributions ? 
  in most education systems , the heavy subsidisation of primary and secondary education is effected through the tax contributions of the working population . 
  hence , ** financing the education of the next generation is part of an intergenerational contract , one in which the working population finances the education of the next generation ** , which will in turn finance the subsequent generation and -- depending on the pension system -- the current working populations ' retirement costs ( rangel , 2003 ; boldrin and montes , 2005 ) . 
  hence , the children of immigrants , ** if they remain in the receiving country , will contribute to both the education of the next generation and the pensions of the current working population . 
  in that sense , they will pay off the investments made in their educational formation ** . 
  thus , even though immigrant children consume public services while at school , they will contribute to the next generation by paying taxes later in their lives . 
  to me , it looks like he effectively discounts the cost to services being paid for over the course of the lifetime , as part of the social contract . 
  that 's all fine by me . 
  but the immediate cost of us providing the extra infrastructure now , over and above the intergenerational contract we 've been running on for the previous generations , needs to be accounted for somewhere . 
  i 've read further into the way the authors attempt to address these costs , and they all appear to be averaged out over the course of the lifetime of an immigrant , usually with the argument that we 've saved the cost of educating and raising them , and therefore they `` cost less than the average person '' in their analysis . 
  now that 's all well and good , and i do n't disagree with that methodoloy , but it 's not helpful in talking in terms of the immediate costs of immigration . 
  so then the question is , can the current immigration rates be rolled into the `` normal population increase of the uk , and therefore are relatively insignificant in building extra infrastructure ? 
  well , the [ ons says of an increase of 400,000 , 53 % of the increase is net birthrate , and 47 % immigration in mid 2013 . ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/pop-estimate/population-estimates-for-uk--england-and-wales--scotland-and-northern-ireland/2013/index.html ) . 
  net immigration is now 300,000 . 
  that to me shows that the rate of uk immigration increasing by 5x requires a lot of upfront investment . 
  i do n't think we 're properly addressing these upfront costs - someone needs to pay for all of it now to benefit in the long term . 
  now , if we were properly being informed about this people would probably see the benefits . 
  but instead we 're seeing the crunch on housing stock , shortage of beds and available school places . 
  a loan needs to be taken out now to buy the capacity , which can then be averaged out over the migrant 's net benefits to the uk ( if indeed we decide to fund it that way ) . 
  not disparaging the quality of the study , but it does n't look like it includes any of the factors i 'm talking about . 
  it only talks in terms of tax intake and state benefits . 
  depending on their definition , i do n't think consumption of state services will be included in the definition of state benefits . 
  all the statistics quoted in the article are specifically comparing immigrants to the native population with regards to claiming benefits . 
  i 've never argued that immigrants are coming over here just to claim benefits . 
  i 've tried browsing through the archive linked to from the guardian article , but ca n't find the one that they 're using as the source . 
  the language used in the article does n't indicate that it 's taking into account all the effects on government services in the economy , and seems like it was set up only to research the income / benefits comparison . 
  i meant infrastructure that was already being under-invested in ( or poorly invested in via pfi ) is put under more strain by immigration . 
  the shortage of school places we 're having now is , in part , because councils did n't bother/forgot/had poor estimates to factor in the added load of immigration ontop of their plans . 
  my feeling is that the uk got the boost in the economic figures , but did n't end up ploughing that back into where it was required . 
  note that this is government incompetence over the management of side-effects from increased , large-scale * migration . 
  my arguments are n't based around immigrants claiming benefits , not paying enough taxes or any of the other things that are used to label them as scroungers . 
  it 's about the management of the scale of immigration , and whether we 've upgraded appropriately . 
  i think it was probably used as a tax cut ( or prevent a tax rise ) . 
  * by `` large-scale '' i mean the fact that we 've been consistently getting more than 5x the net migration numbers since 1997 than before - that 's a huge difference and i do n't think it 's been planned for accordingly . 
  anyway , the entire issue can not be boiled down to one daily mirror bar chart without methodology comparing the welfare state to migrants . 
  well the bar chart has no sources whatsoever , so i ca n't actually look into the data . 
  it also comes from ampp3d ( who i 've just googled ) , which are part of the mirror , and not renowned for their factual accuracy . 
  i 'm saying that , in general , we 've not been investing in our services and infrastructure enough anyway , and i find it difficult to believe that that missing investment ( + the missing investment to cover the extra load of immigration ) has been factored into those figures . 
  either way , this bar chart is far too simplistic . 
  they 're only a net contribution if you do n't upgrade your infrastructure to support them . 
  now we 're suffering from shortages of school places , housing and hospital beds ( well , we always have that problem ) . 
  it 's difficult to tell when they quote `` net benefits '' as to whether they 've actually taken into account all the side effects of large-scale immigration . 
  edit : and that bar chart seems so ridiculous i just ca n't take it at face value - it 's so simplistic to reduce immigration and net contributions to such a bar chart ( particularly when it 's not done per-capita as well ) . 
  there 's also the complete lack of addressing existing problems and being able to reform them that 's a huge sticking point . 
  the eu is a massive , lumbering organisation that seems to be sprinting towards greater federalisation without much thought as to how , or the consequences .
