  they ( the germans ) always have been !, 
  good on them though . 
  she 's committing other nations to her generosity ... 
  our net migration figures have been over 200k ( now 300k ) for the last 10 or so years , almost all through the eu . 
  what 's new ? 
  i 'm a young , pro-eu eurosceptic ( i like the eu , but think it needs reform in how it works ) , but i 'm finding it difficult to see how the current setup does n't end up in the united states of europe ( which we 're so not ready for ) or it imploding upon itself . 
  until the handling of the migrant / refugee crisis my problem was only with the former . 
  now i do n't see how the eu could organise a piss-up in a brewery . 
  it 's a fucking shame , and the uk never helped much either . 
  but as a pro-eu british eurosceptic ( that 's a thing , it exists , and most of us are in that bracket ) it really does look like the fallout from ignoring all the shit we 've been complaining about for a long , long time is coming home to roost . 
  the way we 've been dismissed in a matter-of-fact way every time is why the uk gets more entrenched in it 's position . 
  i do n't want us to leave , but even i 'm having second thoughts about voting to stay in the referendum i did n't want ... 
  fortunately the `` sharia police '' in the uk have only been a few isolated cases of ( teenage ) idiots putting signs on lamp posts and being arseholes to people in the area . 
  they 've always been shut down very quickly . 
  it 's something that is both small and isolated that we are on top of , but it 's depressing that we have to be . 
  the uk has had jewish community courts operating for a long time , and sharia courts are starting to do the same thing . 
  they 're not legally binding because , well , they ca n't be . 
  but if you 're living in a diaspora community their rulings are final . 
  you 'll be ostracised by your community , church , friends and/or family . 
  the fact that they can be challenged is irrelevant , they make their mark . 
  should this be covered under multiculturalism or tolerance ? 
  imo , no , because those being oppressed by these rulings ca n't or wo n't fight them . 
  you 'll never stamp out this end of `` community values '' because it 's impossible - even if you could draw a line , people will be judged by their communities . 
  but at the very least we should be shutting down these `` courts '' because they have no legitimate basis to exist in a society of laws . 
  my euroscepticism has always been based on the fact that it 's never really been a coherent policy . 
  i 've always agreed with the `` too far , too fast '' pov , but always hoped for a way around it . 
  i 'm still thoroughly pissed off with the uk ( us ) because the way we approached euroscepticism was to be the belligerent power scuppering everything , rather than trying to actively make it work . 
  whether or not that would 've changed where we currently are is another argument i do n't want to debate now ( it 's just an infinite can of worms ) . 
  this is europe 's fault because the problems have always been buried under the carpet , allowed to persist by the 2000s economic bubble that burst . 
  the financial crisis , made worse by the dodgy setup for the euro , and the questionable arrangements around how schengen operates have resulted in this implosion . 
  my dad has always complained he voted to join the european economic community , a free trade deal . 
  the rest of the eu project has been tacked on after the fact , and has been a rushed project that is now showing the strain from having done so . 
  i can see why him , and others of his generation , want the referendum that we 're going to have in a couple of years . 
  spreading islam is n't the specific goal ( or does n't have to be ) but it 's going to be one of the best ways to increase their influence in the west . 
  why would n't they sit back and do nothing ? 
  until the rest of the eu decides they are n't going to go the german or swedish way the conversation wo n't change to how to fix the border country problem . 
  i can see legitimate reasons to claim that living in a turkish refugee camp ( not to disparage their efforts , but they have 2 + million there ) that you should be able to keep moving and claim refugee status . 
  i 'm not willing to accept that applies carte-blanche to those crossing multiple european states . 
  we have the ability to provide safe refuge , but i do n't see that extending to assimilating them en-mass . 
  ultimately , are n't they all refugees ? 
  in theory ( i know , theory ... ) they should be sent back once syria is considered safe . 
  whilst true , they 're helping them out of a situation that was always going to be biased against the border countries . 
  and i bet italy did n't think they 'd be in that group either . 
  and whilst i do n't object to why they decide to keep moving ( i would too ) , it 's emotional blackmail to claim refugee / human rights is the reason we 're responsible . 
  yes , the west should be helping , and potentially helping more , but rehousing everyone is n't the solution either . 
  it 's the second and third generations that cause problems . 
  the first generation know what they escaped , but their children do n't . 
  their kids grow up in an environment detached from `` their own '' culture , and that often results in an over compensation . 
  proper integration does mitigate this problem , and having a share of both cultures is n't a problem . 
  but i do n't think we 've worked out how to do integration properly , whatever that actually entails . 
  the uk net migration rate was 2.54 / 100k , germany 's was 1.04 . 
  we 're currently at over 300k a year , and it 's a huge part of why we 're saying we 're full . 
  the uk was one of the few that did n't block free movement of labour laws when the eu was expanded to the east , was germany ? 
  yes , migration means we have a large influx of cheap labour . 
  but we have a housing crisis , our infrastructure is at breaking point , our youth are being undercut by foreign labour and our communities have been feeling the effects of mass migration for the last decade . 
  it 's not unreasonable for our people to object to the idea of thousands more on top of the number we ca n't control because of eu labour laws . 
  this is a quantity we can control , and unfortunately it 's going to mean saying no to genuine refugees . 
  it 's part of the reason we have a tory/right wing government today . 
  i do n't like the fact that there are community organised `` courts '' in the uk that do n't operate according to our legal system , but one that the community agrees to . 
  yes , their decisions are not legally binding , but they are n't based on our legal system , or what we consider fair . 
  they 're enforced by community values . 
  is it right for a subset of our community to be judged by this ruleset ? 
  it 's not just muslims , ( some ) jews have had their own system here for ages , operating in a non-legally binding way too . 
  does n't make their decisions equally questionable , and enforced by being ostracised by their communities . 
  the only way to deal with it is banning the whole lot . 
  it 's a similar question to that of the birqua . 
  yes , banning it is against the principles of freedom of expression etc , but to western values the idea of such segregation of the female community is bizarre . 
  whilst there may be a legitimate number of people that are happy to do so , there 's an ( unquantifiable ? ), 
  number that are oppressed into doing so by their community . 
  the eastern european brain drain is one of the reasons i 'm not a fan of the free movement of people within the eu and elsewhere . 
  it 's not that we 're full ( although our immigration rates are now 10x higher than they ever have been ) , but it ca n't be fair on the source countries . 
  is it xenophobic to believe that it harms their own countries ? 
  whereas everyone else was gushing with support ? 
  people ( men , women and children ) have been dying for months getting to europe . 
  unfortunately there 's yet another dead child , this one happened to be in a well presented photo . 
  the uk was obviously going to have to do more , be it now , or in a few months . 
  the use of that kid as emotional blackmail is disingenuous and wrong . 
  but you wo n't fix the problem by resettling then all either . 
  britain has decided ( one way or the other ) that they are helping the most desperate of the refugees from the un camps . 
  unfortunately that means everyone else falls into the category of `` safe refugees '' who can stay put . 
  whilst it 's a great get-out clause for taking in refugees , why is n't spending # 1bn on aid in the local camps good enough ? 
  helping a refugee in the west costs a huge quantity of resources/money , helping them in the east does n't , and therefore is more efficient . 
  its certainly going to have a huge impact on the uk 's referendum , and that could be a breaking point . 
  i had a feeling this was a mobile phone advert ( a lot of the flash-mob things were ) , and the whole point was to get people filming it on their phones . 
  it 's the policy we 've been operating for years , but we 've only taken ~ 5k since the war started , and a couple of hundred this year . 
  i 'd like to see how we 're actually managing it . 
  i do n't think people in the uk actually know the numbers . 
  i was shocked and highly disappointed when i saw the ~ 200 figure on here , but i have n't heard that in the media . 
  cameron is in a tough spot internally , we 've just had the net migration figures come out at their highest ever ( over 300k ) and he does n't want to handle this by doing the right thing and taking refugees . 
  what total rubbish , this referendum has been a long time coming and only come about because we have a tory government at the moment ( as of may ) . 
  it has nothing to do with what is going on in the rest of the eu right now . 
   they do n't even pay for their disaster in calais what part of calais is our disaster exactly ? 
  the strikes by ferry workers causing the backlog for migrants to clamber into ? 
  do you want british police over there supporting yours ? 
  the fact that between the schengen border and calais there 's no enforcement ; is britain responsible for policing an open border they 're not a part of ? 
  we 're paying for fencing , cctv , flood lighting and infrared detection technology to secure the eurotunnel railhead . 
  we also have the problem that it 's the summer , and there 's usually not much going on to report anyway . 
  with the refugee/migrant crisis news organisations can easily churn out cheap articles that are relevant and current , thus new is going to be flooded too . 
  i bet it 'll die down a bit once everyone 's back in session . 
  well then let him be thoroughly debunked publicly then .
