  sad and infuriating at the same time . 
  i find it upsetting . 
  i appreciate your attempts to explain your perspective and general civility , but i must say that the fact that i am having this conversation at all is an upsetting continuation of at rend i encountered in all three of the baltic states ( i 've been to lithuania and latvia once and estonia several times as i go there for work ) . 
  now on to my actual response : i 've heard your argument about nice germans/bad soviets before . 
  i find it upsetting . 
  the germans may have been better behaved to non-jews and other undesired groups at the time . 
  at the time , i can see how this might have impacted an individual 's immediate understanding of the situation . 
  however , 200,000 people were killed out of a population of three million . 
  it was impossible not to notice that . 
  there are also records of cooperation between lithuanians and the germans , both in administration and in the killings . 
  the vilnius ghetto was in the capital city . 
  propaganda was also common . 
  most people had an idea of what was happening , even if it was not complete . 
  if some poor , isolated peasant did n't know any of this at the time , i would be sympathetic to them . 
  however , it has been 70 years and the history is pretty well known now . 
  therefore , i have far less time to anyone now who ca n't find time to be sad that so may people were murdered , and not want to recognize them among their active and public mourning for other losses of the time . 
  i 've also heard the `` jews were communists '' argument . 
  a disproportionate amount of jews were communist , and not only in lithuania . 
  communism , in its ideal form , promised equality to groups like the jews who were facing social and official prejudice . 
  communism was also more of an urban ideology , and jews were disproportionately urban . 
  however , not all jews were communists , and when they were murdered , it was because they were jews . 
  there was no ideological screening , and it was n't in response to verified , pro-communist actions . 
  this was an ethnic distinction that no political belief or religious conversion could escape ( there is also a history of anti-semitism in the baltics that predates communism ) . 
  trying to justify the targeted and murder of an entire community because some of them had political beliefs other than those you want is not excusable . 
  hearing it so many years later form someone who has the luxury of historical perspective is even more off-putting . 
  i 'm austrian , from a small town in the mountains . 
  my grandfather found in the war . 
  he was conscripted into the german military at 17 , but was happy to go at first - he thought that he would serve his people and save the world from bolshevism . 
  he was sent to the eastern front and came back a very different person , horrified by what he had seen and what he had joined . 
  when he learned about the extent of the holocaust he was even more heartbroken . 
  he and my grandmother also knew what the soviets could be . 
  they were in our town . 
  they raped my grandmother and shot my grandfather 's little brother in the head so that his father would have the memory of watching a son die . 
  yet , with those experiences , both of my grandparents were able to have the perspective , and compassion , to reflect on the crimes of the times and recognize them as such . 
  to see so many people today , in a relatively easy situation and without those experiences , not only ignoring history but seeking to excuse it , it off-putting to say the least . 
  ps if austria could do it , lithuania should do it . 
  pps why did you start this conversation with `` what victims did you have in mind ? '', 
  any of them . 
  political prisoners , [ jews ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust_in_lithuania ) , other unwanted minorities , refugees , soviet prisoners of war , anyone who was killed during the years of german occupation by the germans or collaborating lithuanian military units and government . 
  according to the wikipedia page to which i linked above , the roughly 200,000 deaths under the german occupation time were the highest loss of life ever in the history of lithuania . 
  yet i do n't see people talking about it , historical museums and events focus on the horrors of soviet occupation or older history , and when i brought it up a few times while there people got defensive and visibly annoyed with me . 
  discussion of that period seems to revolve more around an interpretation of `` well , it was bad , but what could we do , we were fighting for independence against the soviets '' as opposed to `` it was a horrible time with two horrible forces occupying our country . 
  we are sad for the losses caused by both , and sorry for the losses caused by lithuanians . '', 
  the hatred of the soviet union seems to be so strong that it overpowers any revulsion over any opponents of the ussr , even now , when people might have more historical perspective about what happened in the 1940s . 
  for example , in vilnius there is a memorial wall with the names and dates of victims in lithuania . 
  almost all of them are from the years of soviet occupation , before and after german occupation . 
  there were very few dating from the years of german occupation . 
  when i raised the issue to a lithuanian ( who brought up the topic first , specifically a need for more honoring of soviet victims ) , he said something along the lines of `` of course victims form the german times should be honored too , but that the victims of the soviets were the more tragic victims and the true national victims so it was understandable that they get the lions share of information . 
  when i said `` yes , but ca n't their be room for everyone 's name on the wall '' he told me that i did n't understand how horrible the soviets were . 
  he just could n't see how there could be room to for all bad times , and that everyone who was killed was sad . 
  there are also cases like that of the museum of genocide in lithuania . 
  it was founded in 1992 . 
  for the first 19 years of its life it focused only on crimes committed by the soviet union . 
  in 2011 , after 19 years of international criticism , it finally opened an exhibition on people killed during the time of german occupation . 
  until then , it focused on the police state in the lithuania ( bad , and deserving of remembrance , but not genocide ) and the harsh imprisonment of about 12,000 lithuanians , of which 4,000 died ( terrible , also worthy of memory . 
  but far less than the 200,000 people killed during german occupation that the museum resisted mentioning for so long ) . 
  the bulk of the museum is still about the soviets . 
  according to the [ same wikipedia page to which i linked above ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust_in_lithuania#participation_of_local_collaborators ) , as well as other historical reading i did before going to lithuania , this is in part because the was overlap between people hailed now as independence freedom fighters against the soviets and people who collaborated in the deaths under german times , and the modern emphasis is on hailing independence efforts above other issues ( lithuanians , and the other baltic states , are understandably excited to be independent ) . 
  this sounds plausible to me -- to bring up that time implies that their heroes were also villains , and that nationally , the country bears more responsibility than its chosen narrative of `` only a few fringe lithuanians collaborated in the holocaust '' story . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.lituanus.org/2001/01_4_04.htm ) from the lithuanian quarterly journal of arts and sciences litaunas , goes over some of the history , and mentions the current issues with denial and tensions , saying  the only way for lithuanians to lighten the load of the difficult history of 1941 is to embrace it . 
  however artfully presented , the strategies of denial and evasion , the finger-pointing and righteous indignation directed at the other , serve only to further weigh society down ... recognizing a historic burden is not the same as accepting collective guilt . 
  no honest person argues that lithuanians are a nation of criminals , or that today 's lithuanians are responsible for what happened in 1941 ( anymore than contemporary americans are responsible for slavery ) . 
  but the legacies of such crimes , the historical burdens , remain . 
  as a general proposition , attempts to evade , deny , minimize or misrepresent historical offenses are unsuccessful in the long run . 
  i have partial sympathy for this , but am also partially frustrated . 
  going through the points ... - mobilization . 
  i think you mean conscription . 
  i understand that this happened . 
  my grandfather was conscripted in austria . 
  i do n't automatically judge every conscript . 
  however , the estonian museum was unsettling because it did n't say `` you are forcibly drafted into the german army . '', 
  it says that that you are actually conscripted into the soviet army , but have a chance to desert to voluntarily join the nazis . 
  that was the `` go with your brothers option . '', 
  there was no `` desert but do n't join the nazis '' or `` found a non-fascist , non-communist independence movement . '', 
  the choices were `` be with brothers and join the germans or stay with the soviets and be a war criminal '' ( not be an understood victim of conscription ) . 
  - when it comes to historical understanding , i do n't care now that the german soldiers were nicer to the allied peoples they were n't trying to kill . 
  i understand why someone at that time would appreciate that more , it is always nicer to be treated politely than robbed . 
  the german military was also quite nice in our austrian town . 
  the soviets were horrifying and i do n't think my oma every fully recovered from ptsd ( she still had historical perspective and understanding though . 
  she was in many ways my hero ) . 
  from the villagers-only perspective , the germans were better ( except the two ss soldiers who tried to convince civilians not to flee the town so that the local men would fight the soviets harder if their families were trapped on the front ) . 
  but , the nazi military , with the help of austrians and people from the baltics , killed hundreds of thousands of austrian , estonia , lithuanian and latvian citizens , as well as others . 
  knowing this , looking back , this can not be excused . 
  individual soldiers on all sides ? 
  i can understand that . 
  but in terms of collective understanding and re-enforcement of history , there is a line that , once it is crossed , it does n't matter anymore who is `` worse . '', 
  bad is bad . 
  - `` oh , yes , there 's no doubt in that . 
  i can only speak about estonia here , but our pre-war russian minority was hit just as hard ( even harder ) by soviet repressions as the `` ethnic majority '' was '' this may be quantitatively correct , but it still makes me uncomfortable . 
  mass repression is mass repression , even if one side is better at it . 
  one side ca n't be held up as totally bad and the other softened by mitigating circumstances , or the fact that they `` only '' killed 100,000 instead of 200,000 . 
  not when viewing through the high - level lens of history . 
  -  estonians are n't , admittedly , very good at handling the holocaust . 
  firstly , there was enough active participation by locals to cause lasting shame . 
  secondly , foreigners dying in foreign lands took a back seat to our own people suffering on our own land . 
  thirdly ... it held such a dominant position in soviet interpretation of ww2 that it 's become tainted by association . 
  it 'll take decades until the ( completely natural ) contrarian reaction to nearly half a century of indoctrination wears off and we can reassess the narratives . 
  i agree that the participation part does make it hard . 
  people are going to be defensive , especially so close to the other side , soviet occupation , which only ended twenty years ago and which based the defense of the legitimacy of their occupation quite strongly on `` the other side was fascist '' argument ( `` if they are so bad to us , and say that the other side was bad , then the other side must be ok ... '' ) . 
  in austria it took three decades after the soviets left in 1955 for people to discuss what austrians did ( until then it was more of a narrative of `` we were poor peace loving austrians and germans did everything bad , '' and then because a major politician was discovered to have a nazi past ) .
