  instead , we became a buffer zone between the two powerful blocks . 
  austria remains neutral because society learned the lessons of naziism and soviet occupation to become quite pacifist . 
  it is also practical ; we are so small , our entire population is smaller than some countries ' armies . 
  we have no hope of winning any war , it would just lead to our ruin . 
  joining any major power blocks would just make us tools of the greater powers . 
  austria is part of the european union , economic integration is fine , but i think you are a little confused about our history if you think that austria was a soviet ally . 
  absolutely . 
  austria was . 
  it was a horrible time , and a shameful one , for austria . 
  austrians are also guilty of attempting to avoid discussing that time or taking full responsibility for the actions of austrians , although things have gotten a lot better over time . 
  my portion of austria was also the part occupied by soviet forces , and i grew up hearing the horror stories of soviet soldiers bent on revenge ( mass rapes , my grandfather 's little brother was shot in front of his father without warning , starvation , etc ) , so i also know how hard and unfair things could be for people viewed as collaborators by the soviet forces . 
  it is because of this experience that i can say let 's move forward . 
  austria did it . 
  germany did it . 
  not 100 % successfully , but for the most part quite well . 
  i can think of no hostilities between either country and another on the level of the baltics-russia issue . 
  you can say that there is more time between wii and lithuanian independence but really , there are almost 30 years of independence for lithuania . 
  the soviet union left austria in 1955 -- by 1985 the society had completely changed , and had lost a lot of the bitterness that would have held it back . 
  it sometimes still comes up , as is to be expected for such a difficult issue , but for the most part everyone is trying to build a better future where everyone can get along . 
  austria is too small to insist on petty fights , it must be reasonable to succeed . 
  even taken all together the baltics are even smaller . 
  the reason i referenced wwii was not because of austria 's involvement , however , but more because of the baltics-russian debate seems focused mostly on the baltics complaining about soviet abuses , and in return russians calling the people of the baltics nazi collaborators . 
  i 've been to all three of the baltics quite a lot ( and russia too ) , and what strikes me there is how much history colors the daily discourse , and in a nasty way . 
  my american boyfriend noticed the same thing . 
  i went to work and enjoy some lovely northern european culture and history , and even honor/remember all victims , but everywhere i went i could not escape the `` hate the russians '' message . 
  the air baltics in-flight magazine complains about russian disrespect for regional languages thirty years ago . 
  the tower museum has a historically inaccurate introductory video complaining about ivan the terrible 's brigands while it glosses over centuries of ( interesting ! ), 
  history in between then and now . 
  any mention of wwii mentions only actions taken by soviet soldiers , some war crimes , some just the tragedy of war , all treated as war crimes , and never mentions any other of those taken by the people there ( wikipedia has more on the baltics ss troops and i never heard or saw any mention of the fate of the jewish population lost ) . 
  that is another big difference between the baltics and austria . 
  austria apologized , tries to make amends still . 
  only the most fringe radicals try to pretend things did not happen as they did . 
  we are proud of the resistance and the good people also , but we do not deny our shameful history or its victims . 
  we certainly do not hold ss veterans marches , ban the display of soviet or any other symbols ( except nazi ones ) , deny certain groups citizenship , proudly sell nazi memorabilia ( i was just in tallinn last month , and right near the hotel telegraaf there is an antique shop with `` kraft durch freude '' items in the window ) or seek to force other countries to join our political fight by asking them to arrest people whose crimes are questionable ( violent ? 
  yes . 
  morally acceptable ? 
  legally chargeable ? 
  it is questionable and may not stand up in court ) . 
  if you ca n't see the big picture , if you must have revenge instead of looking out for your own people 's best interests , it is your choice . 
  but austria chose the peaceful way of life and does n't want to , nor can it , exist that way . 
  you may complain that i am defending the soviet union too strongly . 
  please do not misunderstand me . 
  i know what they did , particularly immediately after the war . 
  i also believe that the russian obsession with `` the great patriotic war '' is not healthy for their society , although i can understand why they are that way , the same way that i can understand why the baltics are so hung up on the soviet occupation . 
  i just believe that for all of you , to do is the wrong path . 
  it just makes other countries , like austria , want to get away as fast as they can to avoid being pulled into damaging fights by angry people so intent on getting the small revenges they ca n't see the big picture . 
  all reconciliation is painful . 
  all healing requires forgiveness , some undeserved . 
  but it is still necessary , for the good of everyone . 
  austria too . 
  austria was able to do it . 
  we had nazism , we had the red army , we had the dissolution of an entire existence and cultures before either happened . 
  but we learned that in order to move forward , to protect our people and create a successful , happy , ethical country , we had to live the way we want to be today . 
  i think there are a lot of parallels between the baltics and austria , and i really like a lot about the region , i just do n't want to help anyone score small points in a finished battle . 
  case in point . 
  and its ms. 
  as an austrian , i 'm frustrated . 
  the soviet era was very painful for the baltics . 
  wwii was very painful for the russians . 
  both sides did some pretty bad things at some point in time and refuse to confront this . 
  everyone now has the opportunity to move forward and build a workable future , or they could spend their time engaging in nasty , one-sided squabbles . 
  guess which one most people chose ? 
  and now this time austria is dragged in to it . 
  leave us alone please . 
  so what you are saying is that the greek government did not lie about its debt to join the euro it lied about lying ? 
  i am not sure how much i agree with this version of events , but either way does not help efforts to attract international support . 
  the loans policy was a gamble . 
  i do have sympathy on one count - you are right , greece is poor , and i can see how it would be hard to resist the temptation to borrow as much as possible to change this . 
  that sympathy is not enough to erase my frustration however . 
  greece is poor . 
  greece was poor . 
  greece on its own , outside of the euro zone , was too poor to convince lenders and investors to give them nearly as much money as they did . 
  greece only could because of the consequences for other countries were it to default , countries not party to the borrowing decisions and not benefiting from the money raised . 
  if greece were to default , it would damage the entire euro zone . 
  therefore , the major euro economies would have no choice but to support greece . 
  lenders only believed it safe to lend this much money to greece because of this implied , involuntary support from other countries . 
  greece itself was never qualified . 
  now greece ca n't pay and those countries are on the hook . 
  it is a form of legal extortion `` pay our debts or we 'll take your currency down with us . '' the fact that the intentions of the greek government were more honest than a mobster 's does not change the core situation ; other countries are on the hook for greece 's mistakes , and greece could only make those mistakes because they were able to leverage those countries ' involuntary billions . 
  even if i have some sympathy for the situation which caused greece to take on so much debt , my current sympathy for the uninvolved parties who are now stuck with the bill is greater . 
  defending tax evasion and poor fiscal management as something that happens in all countries is misleading . 
  yes , all countries suffer from tax evasion . 
  but not as greece does . 
  according to the financial times , more than 25 % of greece 's gdp was unreported and untaxed as of 2007 , as compared to 14.6 % in germany , 11.8 % in france and 7.2 % in the us . 
  the [ new yorker reports ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/talk/financial/2011/07/11/110711ta_talk_surowiecki ) that in 2010 that number was up to 27.5 % . 
  according to [ the same ft article ] ( http://online.wsj.com/article/sb10001424052748704182004575055473233674214.html ) , poor greece , so in need of funds , could recoup an addition 20.5 billion usd a year if tax evasion could be addressed . 
  that is a little more than 6 % of greece 's gdp and a full 40 % of the greek government 's annual revenues . 
  at the same time , what money is collected could be used a lot more efficiently . 
  if does not help your efforts to change international opinion to be favor of greece when the bbc world service reports that a cleaner/janitor in the finance ministry makes more than managers in other ministries lacking such direct access to budgets . 
  corruption is also a problem . 
  according to a trasnparency international report on greece titled [ corruption : a root cause of the crisis ] ( http://www.transparency.org/news_room/in_focus/2011/tackling_corruption_in_greece ) bribery alone cost greece 837 million usd in 2010 . 
  according to [ ti 's larger survey on greek corruption ] ( http://en.transparency.gr/press.aspx?page=34&amp;code=pressrelease&amp;article=295 ) hospitals and taxes were the two most corrupted service types . 
  overall , ti ranks greece 78th in global honesty , between columbia and lesotho in its global corruption rankings , and ranks greece as the most corruption country of the 30 countries included in its `` european union and western europe '' section . 
  there are a lot of wasteful and illegal financial activities is greece , ones that , if eliminated , would go a long way towards paying greece 's debt , and constructively supporting the growth of the economy of greece , if only the government were able to control them and the people able to avoid doing them . 
  the same people were the ones who made the decision to get in to debt , decided how to sue the funds they borrowed , judging by the aforementioned statistics misused a significant portion of it , and are now so angry that the countries who are now forced to bail them out are unhappy about it . 
  oh i am sure that the changes were due to an accounting policy change . 
  i just also believe , based on the overwhelming amount of coverage that i read in 2004 and now , that the choice to use that accounting strategy was a deliberate effort to conceal the financial situation at the time in order to gain admission in to the euro . 
  focusing on the fact that an accounting policy shift happened may be good pr , but it does not change the reasons behind it . 
  it also does not answer the primary complaint , namely that greece borrowed way more than it could , and used the implied backing of wealthier counties to do so in an unfeasible effort to grow the greek economy faster than it ever could grow on its own . 
  when that plan did not work , in part because of inherent weaknesses in the economy , in part because of weakness in the the country 's administration , and in part because of weaknesses in the global economy , then those countries are now essential extorted into bailing greece out in order to avoid destroying their own economies .
