well that 's not true . 
  western europe is proof of that . 
   i sympathise with where you are coming from , but i do n't think this stunt is aimed at heterosexual russians . 
  i think it is aimed at homosexual russians , to tell them that they are not alone and are part of a proud community . 
  maybe , and if that is true then the intentions are good , but the main audience that sees this is the larger heterosexual population . 
  also , the way that it is covered in russia ( to the small degree that it is ) , is more about showing that larger group that they are under assault from the debauched west ( that the ruling powers want people to reject as much as possible for their own reasons ) than offering support to the gay minority , particularly if the end result contributes to more difficulties for the minority . 
   it 's so easy to get you guys upset this is true . 
  which is why , if you actually do attempt to engage russians and try to influence opinions on an issue that you care about , you should consider how to best influence russians ' opinions and not just upset them and drive them further in opposition to the cause you espouse . 
  clearly you 've never been in russia . 
  the situation is what it is is . 
  you likely have limited to no impact on what happens in russia so it does n't matter , but if you were trying , and did care , a realistic assessment of the situation and a realistic understanding of how to change the common understanding of what it means to be gay , and therefore how gay people should be treated , would be required to avoid just making things worse . 
  that is probably trues in some countries , but it is not a light topic in russia . 
  the fact that it can be viewed as lighthearted form your perspective is itself an indication of how the societies view the issue . 
  in russia , what it means to be gay and what to do about it is a serious issue that seriously impacts the lives of gay people who are n't part of a specific social subset in in one of a few major cities ( so most of them ) . 
  the issue is also one being used as a proxy for a host of other social and political conflicts and therefore prone to continued conflict and very angry feelings that pill over even more into major social and political trends . 
  i 'm in russia , support gay rights , and hope this does n't catch on . 
  such stunts are counterproductive . 
  a big reason that so many russians think that being gay is bad is that they do n't know many out gay people . 
  instead , they form their opinion about what it means to be gay from media and stereotypes . 
  for them , lines between pedophilia and homosexuality are n't fully clear and being gay is associated more with hyper sexual exhibitionism than an orientation towards a gender that can exist in a range of contexts . 
  to people who think this way , pornographic stamps do not say `` gay people are nice , normal people and deserve to be treated as such . '', 
  the stamps are pretty explicit and would not be welcomed by many russians even if the sexual context were heterosexual . 
  to people who already think being gay means you 're a sex pervert , these stamps confirm that stereotype . 
  sending them en masse to russia also feeds into the stereotypes about gay people trying to force their weird sexual lives on others . 
  if people really want to help gay people in russia , a better way to do it is to highlight gay people and elements of gay life that are less about sending blowjob stamps to people who do n't want them and more about nice people having nices lives together , and who want to be part of society while doing so . 
  the actual coverage in rt went a different direction - it 's says that germany accused separatists * without any evidence * ( emphasis theirs ) . 
  no , i wish i could have - i even would have bought the one in copenhagen . 
  i ended up going to a few stores in moscow , balking at the prices on principle , and buying the nicest couch that i could find at ikea . 
  i then had it reupholstered with a high quality fabric i bought on ebay sent from the us ( much cheaper than buying the same in a moscow store ) and replaced the legs with a more attractive set i found online and repainted . 
  i like to think that the couch looks better and is a bit more comfortable . 
  also , it is now distinct from the million identical couches in a million other moscow apartments . 
  i also bought an armchair at ikea that got a similar treatment , a kitchen table that i painted , a file cabinet that got a new finish , a closet that got new hardware , etc. 
  some surprisingly big things did make it on the airplane though - large artwork , a chandelier in parts , etc. 
  lots of expensive copenhagen things are n't as costly . 
  for example , while furnishing my moscow apartment , i saw a couch in the window of a store in copenhagen that was more than a thousand euros cheaper than the exact same couch from the same company in moscow . 
  one can eat for less in moscow than in copenhagen but purchased goods and housing in desirable areas in moscow are more . 
  unsurprisingly , i purchased many of the smaller items in my moscow apartment abroad and brought them back one suitcase at a time . 
  fortunately , i travel a lot . 
  that i understand , but not on a wedding day . 
  i cant say for sure , but i would guess that they were nearby for another reason and decided to stop by rather then dressed for a wedding and then drove for some groceries . 
  it 's a custom to go to landmarks and take photographs , although lidl does n't really count . 
  is there anywhere noteworthy nearby ? 
  immediate effect - i ca n't buy my vegetarian goods so easily . 
  no more good german organic soy milk and spanish cereal . 
  less actually fresh and tasty produce ( shipped from not too far away ) . 
  my husband ca n't get his spanish ham and italian cheese . 
  my already not-particularly-varied-grocery-store purchases got a little less varied . 
  this is not tragic but it is personally aggravating . 
  mid-term effect : concerns over impact of restrictions on international financing and other issues related to sanctions caused my prominent multinational employer to decide to not partner with a prominent russian company on a project that i really wanted to see happen . 
  to buy : [ 8 million - 55 million rubles ] ( http://www.gdeetotdom.ru/living/search/?td=1&amp;rtype=1&amp;advt=2&amp;td=1&amp;regions%5b%5d=1232535&amp;advt=2&amp;fstm=75&amp;fstmx=85&amp;pt=total&amp;ptx=2&amp;ct=rub ) - 165 k - 11 million eur . 
  to rent : [ 35 000 - 240 000 ] ( http://www.gdeetotdom.ru/living/search/?td=2&amp;advt=2&amp;rtype=1&amp;regions%5b%5d=1232535&amp;pt=total&amp;ptx=2&amp;ct=rub&amp;fstm=75&amp;fstmx=85 ) - 700 usd to 5000 eur . 
  it is and it is n't . 
  if you want a `` euroremont '' level of apartment in a central region and to buy western-quality products it is very expensive . 
  if you have an apartment from family who got it free through the ussr or are willing to live on the further out edges of the city , and do n't mind buying chinese imports and cheap regional groceries you can do it fairly cheap . 
  however , that style of life is not nearly as nice . 
  another problem is the lack of real mid-level options . 
  i end up paying more for comparable luxury goods in western goods , but also paying more in general because i buy luxury goods i would n't elsewhere because i do n't want the low-level things and there is nothing in the middle ( except ikea . 
  ikea is very , very popular in moscow because there is very little else in that price/quality range . 
  ikea is below what i buy elsewhere but i do buy some in moscow because i could n't find alternative acceptable options at a price that i would accept . 
  then i hack it ) . 
  does his family know where he is and what he is doing ? 
  they might be able to confirm where he is and they might be at to convince him to return if he is gone . 
  at the very least they can help you confirm what the true situation is . 
  in this case , russia accidentally sent paratroopers to serve as border guards as well . 
  because people who jump out of airplanes are the obvious choice to patrol a sensitive border . 
  ive seen it circulated as real in russia . 
  mostly by liberal city types who thought it was a bit much , but they did take it seriously . 
  if you hate both putin and politkovskya ( plenty of violent people in chechnya/caucasus felt that way ) , it 's a win-win . 
  yes, 
  it is my understanding that the russophobe is a she . 
  and multiple russian liberal sources , the ones who have no problem accusing putin of killing hundreds of russians in apartment bombings that he blamed on chechens to restart a war that killed thousands ( and got him elected ) , doubt the putin-killed-politkovskaya theory . 
  if you do n't speak russian , i refer you to masha gessen 's book on putin `` man without a face '' for a detailed breakdown of the situation . 
  and no . 
  however , the unifying factor is that they wrote about things that violent and bad people do n't want exposed . 
  not that they write about things that only upset putin personally and affect no one else , including some people for whom a problem for putin in this one case would be a bonus . 
  this is the opinion of people who actually work and worked there btw . 
  the ultra liberal putin hating masha gessen even wrote about this exact case in her book on putin titled the man without a face and also came to that conclusion . 
  no they are n't it does take courage . 
  to run that paper at all does . 
  but the message exists in russia . 
  i went to the netherlands embassy in moscow and people left many flowers , and many messages in russian , dutch and english saying versions of `` forgive us . '', 
  the paper itself is allowed to operate and publish similar content . 
  they have recently been pressured to contain their content , but are still around because the state controlled media dominates the market so much . 
  the only people that read this are pretty liberal and wo n't be state supporters . 
  leaving them open gives the appearance of media freedom without much impact . 
  they have recently been pressured to contain their content , but are still around because the state controlled media dominates the market so much . 
  the only people that read this are pretty liberal and wo n't be state supporters . 
  leaving them open gives the appearance of media freedom without much impact . 
  a site that calls itself `` the russia hater '' is n't the best source . 
  independent sources , including her newspaper , have tried to investigate this and does n't look like putin killed her . 
  politkovskaya had a lot of enemies - she reported on violence and corruption and human rights violations and all sorts of things , mostly in the caucasus . 
  her murder caused pain for putin as well - he clearly did n't like her but the killing on his birthday hurt him more than her reporting to a limited readership caused him . 
  there is more than one bad guy in the country . 
  independent sources , including her newspaper , have tried to investigate this and does n't look like putin killed her . 
  she had a lot of enemies - she reported on violence and corruption and human rights violations and all sorts of things , mostly in the caucasus . 
  her murder caused pain for putin as well - he clearly did n't like her but the killing on his birthday hurt him more than her reporting to a limited readership caused him . 
  they 've also in recent months been out under tighter control or risk closure . 
  my brother in law was attacked on a train from malm\u00f6 . 
  by turkish teenagers wielding irons pipes no less . 
  they tried to rob passengers on a late night train , my b-i-l and his friend told them to stop and the the group attacked them .
