  i 'm less sympathetic to the complaint that navalny 's complaints about real injustices and problems in russia are a problem for russia . 
  they may be in the short term , but in the long term transparency improves a government and protects citizens from leaders who might otherwise get away with things in their personal interest and against that if the people they are meant to serve . 
  all countries have critics , only weak ones ca n't handle it . 
  as for the evidence posted online , it could be faked or altered , but i think its real . 
  firstly , it is a tremendous amount of official documents , which makes it difficult ( although not impossible ) to forge . 
  secondly , no one from the courts or the government has said that they are altered or faked . 
  with so much pressure to get navalny and so much attention on the case , i would expect a reaction a possibly charges if the documents really were n't wholly real , especially since getting navalny on such a lie would be so damaging to his `` i expose the truth '' image . 
  it is true that i personally have n't seen then original documents , so i ca n't say with absolute certainty , but that is where logic is leading me . 
  actually , in this case , that 99 % conviction rate is close to accurate . 
  there are serious career penalties for prosecutors and judges who do n't deliver convictions , so they just do n't bring cases to trial with weak or borderline evidence that wo n't end in convictions and they do their best to ensure that what cases do make it to trial do end in convictions . 
  you mentioned corruption to avoid conviction - that does exist , but typically prior to a trial . 
  authorities also have been known to target people who interfere with convictions , such as [ this scientist whose testimony in a court case resulted in the defendant 's acquittal and then her own arrest ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/outcry-over-jailed-russian-chemist-1.11462 ) . 
  [ judges will sometimes even commit deliberate errors so that , if a conviction does n't happen , prosecutors can appeal for a retrial and try again for that conviction ] ( http://www.bu.edu/phpbin/news-cms/news/?dept=732&amp;id=55374 ) . 
  that last source also mentions efforts to avoid using juries ( used only in 0.5 % of cases ) , in part because they deliver only an average 80 % conviction rate ( getting quality jurors is another challenge ) . 
  if they do have jurors , it is not unheard of for officials to drag out cases so long that jurors must quit and get back to their lives and jobs and avoid an acquittal that way . 
  if you come back in a few , i 'll have posted a source - if i fail to post an english one i 'll post the russian . 
  update : [ one english source ] ( http://www.thenational.ae/news/world/europe/russias-99-conviction-rate-thrown-into-question ) based on the figures mentioned [ in this interview ( transcript posted on the russian supreme court homepage ) ] ( http://www.supcourt.ru/catalog.php?c1=%cd%ee%e2%ee%f1%f2%e8%20%e8%20%f1%ee%e1%fb%f2%e8%ff&amp;c2=%cf%f0%e5%f1%f1-%ee%e1%ee%e7%f0%e5%ed%e8%ff&amp;c3=2010&amp;id=6624 ) ps in political cases , the conviction rate goes up to 99.99 % . 
  there are lots of things not to like about khoderkovsky and pussy riot , but their trials did n't go purely according to the rule of law and russia 's criminal code . 
  sergei udaltsov and leonid razvozzhayev , both opposition activists of different stripes and less famous , and therefore less safe , than navalny , are currently facing trials on dubious charges ( plotting to create mass disturbances ) . 
  razvozzhayev was even kidnapped from ukraine where he was seeking asylum and driven back to russia to face trial . 
  you can see the evidence now - navalny posted it all online . 
  it 's pretty weak . 
  the case was already dropped by investigators until their boss bastrykhin ( who staked much political on taking care of navalny ) , ordered them to repoen it . 
  the details of the charges and what navalny is accused of stealing were also changed . 
  [ link to navalny 's site dedicated to the case . 
  ] ( http://navalny.ru/kirovles/ ) from there you can download the entire court materials . 
  warning - its a huge file , and in russian . 
  i replied below , here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ch4oi/show_trial_of_a_russian_blogger_the_west_should/c9ghoz9, 
  his threat really is n't electoral . 
  he only announced his presidential ambitions a little more than a week ago , and has n't campaigned at all as far as i know . 
  maybe he will be a threat in this area , maybe he wo n't . 
  what he has been doing , for years , is publicly investigating and publishing proof of corruption at the highest levels , including billion-dollar thefts and corruption and law breaking ( hiding assets abroad ) by major political figures , including those who are targeting him now . 
  he introduced crowd sourcing efforts to do the same ( e.g. 
  experts on specific areas can review government contracts and offers and evaluate if the money spent is reasonable ) . 
  he also initiated campaigns about smaller issues that resonate with people in russia , like failures by the state to maintain apartment buildings ( many residents pay fees to the government instead of a private home owners association , and in return the state is meant to maintain common areas . 
  sometimes they do , sometimes things can get really bad ) . 
  navalny has real reach . 
  for example , he created a term describing the ruling united russia party as `` the party of crooks and thieves , '' and that phrase went viral in real life , now becoming part of the common discourse . 
  these types of effort are far more threatening than an announced future potential presidential bid because they get attention and shake faith in the already-weak state . 
  you do n't have to like navalny personally or want to vote for him to be infuriated by massive theft and corruption by those in power , or to be frustrated with the state 's inability to provide basic services , and navalny is an effective focus and encourager of those feelings . 
  adding to that role , he is an important leader in the opposition . 
  less so for his specific actions in organizing protests , making speeches , planning campaigns , etcetra , and more because the opposition is not a united whole , and has many viewpoints and disagreements within it . 
  navalny is a good manager and diplomat , so he keeps the other guys rolling along better than they could without him . 
  during the height of the protests last year organization effectively stopped while he was in jail for a few days - that 's how vital his personal skills and connections are . 
  another problem with navalny is that he has the attention of other countries , especially in the west . 
  the russian state is frustrated with ongoing criticism of russia on democratic and human rights grounds and views it as a hypocritical excuse to block russian endeavors abroad ( sometimes it is used that way , sometimes it 's just good-faith complaints about real problems ) . 
  when navalny speaks , the new york times and the economist quote him as gospel , while pronouncements by major state leaders are treated with skepticism . 
  this is a real foreign policy obstacle and a personal frustration for state officials . 
  which brings us to this current case . 
  navalny [ put all of the materials online ] ( http://navalny.ru/kirovles/ ) and he looks pretty innocent to me . 
  the prosecutors even dropped the case against him until they were ordered to reopen it by head of the investigative committee of russia aleksander bastrykin . 
  bastrykhin has staked some real personal capital on being the guy who will fix the navalny problem . 
  he also personally does n't like navalny . 
  among other things , navalny caused bastrykhin real personal career damage but publicizing bastrykhin 's residence permit and real estate holdings in the czech republic . 
  cz is a nato country and it is illegal for bastrykhin to have those things as long as he is in the government ( he also just looks bad ) . 
  navalny also tanked the career of politician vladimir pekhtin and two of his allies after he published proof of that man 's [ illegal ] holdings in miami . 
  previous efforts also failed . 
  for example , an effort to get navalny for embezzling funds from a now-defunct party fell apart when the party refused to change their statement that no money had been stolen by anyone . 
  now , bastrykhin is moving despite the weak case . 
  he has to show that he can get navalny or his internal position will be at risk ( in addition to his own problems , including opposition from the fsb , this is a time of instability for power holders , as reflected in their massive and occasionally public sniping and infighting ) . 
  he is trying with this weak , weak case . 
  he might win anyway - the courts have a history of delivering political decisions . 
  a major sentence is unlikely - making navalny into too much of a martyr is risky . 
  however , a conviction will prohibit navalny from standing for office . 
  even before he spoke of running for president , navalny announced his intention of running for smaller office . 
  blocking him from that would have a symbolic value that opposition ca n't enter official structures . 
  its not much , but bastrykhin needs to show something or he himself will be out . 
  of course , maybe navalny will get a longer sentence . 
  that will hurt him and the opposition peoples , but it might raise his profile/make him a martyr and just gain him more support while hurting russian state interests abroad as well . 
  or not . 
  the majority of foreign holdings are held by wealthy russians who used cyprus as a tax dodge at the best and a means of laundering ill-gotten funds at worst , but there are , ironically , also some russians with small holdings who banked in cyprus because it was an eu country that accepted non-resident russian account holders and they thought that this would be safer than the banking in russia proper . 
  oops . 
  now ( according to press accounts anyway ) lithuania is attracting their attention , just as it already has that of their wealthier , sketchier countrymen . 
  i am not sure if forcing the little guys of any country to tax a hit when they should be insured will be enough to keep the big guys and their money in cyprus , especially if the final costs to each will remain uncertain for so long . 
  i 'm glad to hear it  do you set aside a day to appreciate them ? 
  do they set aside a day for you ? 
  its not the end of the world not to have such a things , but i find it nice . 
  it is fun !, 
  it depends on the woman . 
  for my mother , for being supportive and helpful . 
  for my friends , for being great friends all year round . 
  for my sister , for always having my back . 
  for my coworkers - for their hard work and efforts . 
  i find it hard to believe that there are no women in your life whom you should appreciate . 
  perhaps you take them for granted ? 
  there is an international men 's day , but it is n't celebrated in many places . 
  there is a `` defenders of the fatherland day '' celebrated in several former sovit states that is treated as the equivalent of women 's day . 
  as for the murderers and rapists - spare me your hate . 
  my family suffered hard at the hands of the red army after wwii ( they occupied our part of austria for ten years and my grandparents bore the scars of it their entire lives ) , but i have perspective and can appreciate a holiday in the spirit that it is intended . 
  i 'm austrian , and we have [ balls ] ( http://www.austria.info/uk/people-places/vienna-s-glorious-ball-season-1133900.html ) . 
  i went to one that ended with a rain of carnations from the top boxes during the last night . 
  it was quite lovely . 
  anyhoo ... the dance was over and all of the flowers were just covering the ground , so we picked up some and were carrying them home with us . 
  it was was about 6am and still dark as we walked back . 
  my date had the idea to give the flowers to women that we passed walking to work . 
  lovely idea , no ? 
  there were n't too many women out though , as it was still quite early and dark , and most of the ones we saw were a bit far away ( across a square , etc ) . 
  we caused a few women some real fear , screaming and panic as a tall man in a long , dark coat ran at them yelling `` i just want to give you a flower ! '', 
  i ( a tall woman in heels wearing a dark cape ) did n't get much of a better reaction popping out of the dark . 
  in the end we gave up and i gave the flowers to my aunt later that day .
