  thomas rid , a respected german academic working in the uk , wrote up a decent summary of some of the research on the earlier hacks with links [ here ] ( http://motherboard.vice.com/read/all-signs-point-to-russia-being-behind-the-dnc-hack ) . 
  [ rid also wrote a summary of more recent events for esquire ] ( http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/a49791/russian-dnc-emails-hacked/ ) . 
  that article does n't link to the research it cites , but it does give you what you need to google it yourself . 
  also , this gets so much attention because it is happening the us , during the us elections . 
  russian-linked actors have been doing very similar things to opposition in russia and actors in the near abroad for a few years now . 
   the only intelligence service in the world both strong enough and knowledgeable enough and willing enough . 
  lots of countries can do it , most do n't have enough to gain from it that they wo n't . 
  china , where snowden first went , for example . 
  there are many ways to kill someone , including many easier ways than that . 
  there are also people who survived their `` mysterious illness , '' and you do n't survive polonium . 
  like is a strong word . 
  there are two known cases of that . 
  sometimes they do . 
  or a heart attack . 
  or a mystery illness . 
  it depends on the person and who/which agency/group is trying to kill them . 
  he had a german mother , was born in germany and [ identified as german ] ( http://www.standard.co.uk/news/world/i-am-german-munich-shooters-exchange-with-furious-onlooker-a3302871.html ) . 
  he was angry about school bullying and obsessed with school shootings and anders breivik . 
  the initial reports were based on his appearance as described by witnesses , and given his upbringing and his issues , describing him as iranian now is n't really accurate . 
  in this case , the article says `` police spokesman hanspeter kruesi told afp news agency the suspected attacker was not of immigrant background . '', 
  sadly , although muslim extremist violence is a real problem , it is not the only problem , and getting what facts we can know straight is important to understand what is happening . 
  i did n't mean to imply it was about morals . 
  i agree that morally location does n't matter . 
  i meant to highlight the not in my backyard aspects - people care most about that which affects them most . 
  it 's not about morality . 
  you are right on the moral sense . 
  dead is dead and destroyed is destroyed . 
  a sin is a sin wherever it is committed . 
  i was n't trying to justify something morally , just explain the natural human tendency to care most where one is personally most affected . 
  russia got sanctioned by the west because russia broke norms in europe/the west and caused enough chaos there that actual westerners died when mh17 was shot down ( and for outright claiming territory to add to russia . 
  most `` actions '' try to at least pretend that they are doing it help the independent target state ) . 
  russia caused instability in the west 's back yard where it threatens them most . 
  that 's a big part of why they freaked out so much more than when the us went to iraq ( a much bigger deal all things being equal ) or when france is active in africa . 
  russia can break the rules at home and the west turns quite the blind eye . 
  break them where the west fears an impact and get a strong reaction . 
  * my * 3rd/third * the * french * too normally i would n't correct language or grammar errors on reddit , but when they are made by someone making so many basic mistakes in their foreign language while laughing at others for not mastering a foreign language , i could n't resist . 
  i 've actually spent a decent amount of time there , and now that i do n't have to go , i have no interest in ever returning . 
  it 's kind of risky , kind of evil and there is n't much to do . 
  i lived in saudi arabia while young ( and visited while an adult ) and would actually go back there first . 
  it also has serious problems , but it has a friendly side that stronger than in dubai . 
  visiting family who were there for work . 
  it 's billed as a top vacation spot , but it is n't that great . 
  there are the hidden hazards like kissing your bf goodbye with too much feeling or getting into a legal disagreement with someone of a more preferred ethnic group ( i.e. 
  gulf arab ) , and the slave underclass that builds and runs the place is a huge prblem , but even if you do n't care about that , there is n't that much to do . 
  there is a lot of shopping at international brand stores , and some beaches for part of the year ( in the summer the gulf turns into what i 've heard called `` hell 's bathtub '' ) , but overall there are too many other better options . 
  i 'm not sure , the one time i did this , my nationality was not questioned . 
  i think i was just considered `` westerner . '', 
  specifically , my crime was being a little too lingering ( no tongue but there was a big hug with a kiss on either side ) when telling my then-boyfriend goodbye in the dubai airport emirates business class terminal . 
  an unhappy man in emirati national dress yelled at us and told us to stop . 
  when we quickly kissed one more time a moment later , the guy got really angry and told us with a red face to stop it right now or we would be in real trouble . 
  no police appeared and i 'm not sure if he was anyone official or just a busybody . 
  so the punishment for any white westerner may be aggravation from a rude person ? 
  unless they kiss for a fourth time . 
  even then it is probably fine in dubai , but there are some extreme cases , so one does worry . 
  not just americans . 
  i had a conversation with a man in dubai for 10 minutes about austria . 
  he at first thought i said australia , but i corrected him , told him all about the european country . 
  i thought he got it , but then he asked if i lived in sydney . 
  the picture is of the gr\u00fcner see . 
  i had the opposite experience . 
  i landed in the uae , presented my european union , german-language austrian passport , but i was also speaking english which i suppose confused things because they kept me waiting for 15 minutes . 
  they finally came back and said do n't worry , the system said you were austrian but we fixed it you 're australian . 
  the same could be said of german genocide in asia . 
  it is n't nearly as well known or discussed . 
  [ case in point ] ( http://travel.cnn.com/bangkok/life/hitler-chic-trend-138530/ ), 
  it was a russian propaganda effort . 
  not at first - at first everyone reported what she first claimed . 
  the russian press was a bit hysterical , which is arguably a type of propaganda , but they were n't knowingly lying . 
  however , once the girl in question quickly admitted that she had lied , the german press reported that she had lied . 
  the russian press kept up the hysteria for longer . 
  that is the point at which it became completely lies-based propaganda . 
  yes it can . 
  not every non-roma romanian is 100 % roman . 
  tthere were peoples in the area prior to the romans coming and many more came after , including the roma . 
  plus even everyone from the roman empire was n't pure roman either . 
  intermarriage obviously happened , as it did in the whole world over wherever peoples met . 
  the onlyquestion is how much . 
  i 'm guessing a decent amount , seeing how romanians are on average a bit darker completed than their neighbors , but that could be for several reasons , and probably is . 
  2.4 % are officially roma , but i wonder how many roma are registered as such , and also how many romanians have some roma ancestry . 
   the rest of the quote is good , but not analyzing what we have done right or wrong is the worst approach possible i do n't take it at face value alone , i read it more as a very diplomatic way of saying `` do n't make small criticisms against us when there are much bigger ones to make against you . 
  instead , be smart about , shut up , and work with others to make the current situation better . '', 
  this is a deliberately-chosen bad analogy . 
  the question is not planning actual murders ( or pedophiles - the online censor 's other favorite casus belli ) . 
  to attempt to say so is just a way to try and support an argument that ca n't stand on the actual facts of this case used to ruin andrei bubeev 's life and frighten far more other russians with unwanted , non-violent , non - `` hate spreading '' ideas . 
  while there are certainly some thorny questions for austria and germany ( very much not the same thing fyi ) , it is a good thing for both countries and the people that must live there that they do not follow the russian example of creating controls of any degree of undesired opinion or opposition , and that they do not have vaguely-worded laws that can then be expanded and [ misused ] ( http://www.sova-center.ru/en/misuse/ ) to target whomever they want . 
  you talk about terrorists calling for deaths , but you do so trying to defend ruining a man 's life for stating an opinion on if crimea should be russian or ukrainian - not remotely the same thing at all . 
  if i had to choose between allowing for calls for `` incitement of hatred '' ( that russian legal phrase used and expanded so broadly since it was introduced in 2006 ) or even violence , and also allowing for a range of less extreme political opinions and discussion or closing everything , i would choose the former . 
  the long-term risks to society as a whole are much smaller . 
  being an educated adult with basic reading comprehension skills , i can understand the constitution . 
  unfortunately , the court , like many other institutions in russia , are not doing their jobs of supporting a real rule of law , and are instead supporting the interests of the leadership and their own personal interests . 
  that 's how bad governance works . 
  but you know that , you 're just trying to hide behind a facade of `` lawfulness '' because there is not real defense for the situation . 
  but that 's how laws work . 
   the prescribed punishment should act as a detterent , i do n't see anything special about this . 
  this is not a case of `` man robs bank , is punished , others do n't rob bank . '', 
  a better analogy would be `` man gets in trouble for sharing constitutionally-allowed opinion , is depicted as general bad guy and trouble maker to deter support for his case , other people are now afraid to share their opinions online , even those opinions are not explicitly forbidden by vaguely-worded laws and they have no other behaviors in their lives that could be used to cause them trouble or question their perspectives . '', 
  this is a case of authorities slowly expanding what opinions ca n't be expressed to increase their control over opinions and activities that threaten their positions and using outlier cases to achieve maximum punishments in order to frighten or control many people whose only `` crime '' would be holding and sharing opinions not desired by the authorities . 
  each new prohibition - drugs to `` promoting suicide , '' copyright , `` extremism , '' offending religious feelings , social cohesion , protest , `` separatism , '' etc. 
  - expands what can be controlled . 
   calling for separatism is illegal see above link to constitution of the russian federation  it does n't matter if the offense happened online .
