  the issues are too broad for a court . 
  using hate speech laws does carry the assumption that the speech is motivated by hate and not fact , so using those laws is sort of contesting the statements , but it is n't a simple yes-or-no case involving a specific act that a slander or libel case would be ,, 
  i do n't see much if a difference . 
  just corporations or corporations and a codified elite . 
  i can think of no monarchy , now or in history , that ruled without strong economic interests also being favored . 
  are they really herded ? 
  or do they choose to go to a more attractive place ? 
  the two are different situations with different resolutions . 
  it did though . 
  an image search turns up quite a few pictures of it being used in that context , and not a `` anti-french government '' one . 
  the legal line is typically if the statement is factual or not . 
  true ? 
  free speech . 
  lies ? 
  slander ( or libel if its printed ) . 
  hurry if you must do platzkart - it 's slowly phasing out . 
  also , learn some russian . 
  take the golden eagle train if you can afford it . 
  moscow and petersburg + surrounding areas - famous for a reason novgorod the great ( and the wooden architecture museum close by ) golden ring cities lake baikal kamchatka and vladivostok if you can get there ( possibly a different trip ) dacha/countryside getaway spend a day in a city that is n't moscow or petersburg at least . 
  tver is n't great but it 's between the two . 
  pskov is more interesting and is n't too far . 
  kazan or ulan-ude for something different . 
  i did n't say that it was shocking , just that state supported crackpots are somewhat more troubling than non-state supported crackpots . 
  the fact that is in state owned tv makes it a bit more concerning - the big channels do n't show what the state does n't want them to and will take up narratives that the state does . 
  it 's a cheap drug that gives a high similar to heroin but that also destroys the user 's body . 
  the name comes from the crocodile-like appearance of a user 's skin as it dries up and idea off . 
  it is n't really `` growing in popularity '' - no one likes it or wants to do it as their drug - but it is increasingly in use because it is much cheaper than heroin but will still give a heroin addict unable to afford what they really want a similar enough reaction to temporarily feel ok . 
  it will be a while i 'm afraid . 
  its still a pretty new country and they are genuinely still excited about nationalism and independence . 
  part of that will be remembering grievances . 
  it 's also politically useful to unite people around a common grievance/threat . 
  internationally , its a default way of pressuring/replying to russia or attracting support from elsewhere . 
  plus it serves a defensive purpose - no need to confront the full mixed-up horrors of wwii if you 're focusing on the suffering under the ussr . 
  i understand your frustration but your realistic options are probably get used to it or move . 
  i do see estonian butter in moscow . 
  i wonder about the lithuanian stuff though . 
  maybe it 's used in commercial production instead of sold directly to consumers ? 
  or maybe lithuania is so small that even though most of their milk goes to russia , it is still such a small percentage of total dairy in russia that it is n't very visible ? 
  he 's trying to intimate them and the eastern european countries coming to lithuania to discuss trade deals , and therefore further economic integration with the eu instead of with russia 's eurasian customs union . 
  russia already tried the same with ukraine ( biggest attendee ) and armenia ( putin flew to armenia , which is weak and depends on russian support , to successfully get them to change course ) . 
  targeting host lithuania along with attendee states is a way of reminding lithuania not to push too hard while showing attendees that `` integrating further with the eu wo n't help you , lithuania is in the eu but we can still make them feel pain . '', 
   i do n't see why you should be upset by any of this . 
  i 've always been quite the stickler for justice , facts and history . 
  any of those issues will upset me . 
   as far as i know you are neither jewish nor lithuanian . 
  i do not have to be lithuanian , a lithuanian jew or another type of jew to feel sorry for lithuanians , lithuanian jewish or other jewish victims of oppressions and murder . 
  the emphasis on the importance of nationality or identity over justice is part of what troubles me with the situations in the batlcis today . 
  \u27a2 but did n't it ever occur to you that maybe there is a reason for it ? 
  it did . 
  i do n't care . 
  murder is murder . 
  war crimes are war crimes . 
  there are some acts that can not be explained away . 
  i do not believe in collective or national guilt . 
  people alive are not guilty for what their ancestors did . 
  the times were pretty bad and there were a lot of people with very warped understanding of how the world worked . 
  but if people now , who have the luxury of historical perspective , who have a relatively comfortable life and a modern understanding , seek to excuse or mitigate these crimes , then they are falling victim to a weaker form of the same warping . 
    pps why did you start this conversation with `` what victims did you have in mind ? '', 
    i was not sure what did you have in mind . 
  why not ? 
  did you not know who died during the german times ? 
  or was the confusion over if there were a particular group i cared more about ? 
  or that people in lithuania were more touchy about ? 
  if it 's the last , then i can answer now that the reaction was similar to yours now - a general lack of interested/concern/sympathy / mourning/whatevery-you-want - to-call-it over people killed during the german time and efforts to somehow explain it away , mitigate it , or show how other victims , those under the soviets were somehow more important . 
  to my outside eyes , this seems a little like being ok with genocide and is really creepy . 
  i took a bus tour in vilnius and overheard other tourists expressing similar opinions . 
    i 've also heard the `` jews were communists '' argument . 
  a disproportionate amount of jews were communist , and not only in lithuania . 
   it is not the argument that they were communists . 
  the argument is that some of them were responsible for the suffering of many latvians and lithuanians . 
  that 's the point . 
  so the holocaust and targeting of all jews in lithuania , that causes the death of 95 % of all jews there , 200 000 people , the greatest loss of life in lithuania 's history , they were all asking for it because they were some `` bad jews ? '' or , barring that they were all asking for it , the ones that were n't do n't deserve to be remembered or mourned ? 
  what about collaborating ethnic lithuanians ? 
  they worked with the nazis . 
  others worked with the soviets . 
  by the same logic i should show some understanding for people who killed any lithuanians , or at least not include them in any memorial or historical efforts . 
   if austria could do it , lithuania should do it . 
  i am not sure what you have in mind . 
  austria could do it . 
  to make amends for what happened ? 
  neither russians nor jews made any excuses for what they did to lithuanians . 
  if that was your suggestions then it could actually sound a little upsetting to somebody . 
  if you want to have a conversation about why the russians need to acknowledge their historical crimes , then i would agree with you . 
  i have had that discussion with russians . 
  the common understanding of the history there is very flawed -- many believe that the russian soldiers were mostly heroes , and that accusations against them are propaganda from the west to diminish their contributions in ending wwii . 
  i can understand how hearing that line could be upsetting -- it was upsetting to me to hear that my dear oma maybe made up being raped , or that she was exaggerating the number of women and girls raped in our town . 
  if you want to have a conversation about why the surviving 5 % of jews owe lithuanians an apology , then that it too crazy for me , and too sad . 
  lithuania owes them an apology , same as austria did . 
  lithuania also owes them , and every other victim of the time , from all sides , the historical consideration to appreciate what their losses meant . 
  if lithuania wishes to engage in memorials , then they need to make room for all victims , and learn from the situation as a thing to be avoided , not celebrated in part . 
  austria did that too , and society is much the better for it . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  in a way , i actually prefer having that conversation with russians to the one i just had with you , even if it is more personal , and therefore upsetting . 
  the russians swear that their soldiers were all angels . 
  they deny the bad things that the soldiers did , not that those things are bad . 
  your conversation seems to try and excuse some of the terrible things that you do admit happened . 
  this is just as upsetting from a historical and truth oriented side , but even more so from a modern personality and culture assessing side . 
  tl ; dr this exchange makes me sad and confirmed my previous stereotype about lithuania being defensive about its history . 
  it also confirmed a stereotype about lithuania that i heard from russians and took to be a biased interpretation -- that lithuanians are n't defensive about their history and focused on their victim times , rather they are n't sorry about the bad parts , that they were and are more than a bit anti-semitic , that they viewed jews as collectively guilty for some being pro-communist and as an `` anti-lithuanian other '' who deserved to die . 
  therefore they , and any other victims of the german and lithuanian leadership during the time that they were together , are n't actually deserving of memorials , and that is why they are n't memorialized .
