  estonia and the other baltics states have n't had that time , or a similar catalyst . 
  as an outsider , i do n't care , i want historical understanding and respect for all victims now , but i do understand how people could think this way , even though its wrong . 
  i disagree that it is an issues of `` foreigners dying in foreign lands took a back seat to our own people . '', 
  in global discussion of the holocaust it will be , because the population of the baltics was relatively small , so the number of dead would be correspondingly low . 
  also , the baltics had the highest percentage of jews killed - roughly 90 % , so there were even fewer survivors to be discussing it . 
  this is also why you hear a lot more about the poles suffering under communism than the baltics on the international stage -- there are a lot more poles talking about i , and they get a bigger audience . 
  however , in national discussion , it was local citizens who were killed . 
  there were jews , even some roma , and also political prisoners . 
  the national discussion could include mourning for those people . 
  i know you are n't lithuanian , and what happens is n't in vilnius is n't your fault , but i was unhappy to see that the memorial wall builders could n't find the time or space to include the names of people killed under the nazis too . 
  i viewed it as a visible symbol of the historical blindness issue . 
  in estonia the same museum that sent me to join the nazis could have had an exhibit on people who died under the nazis . 
  i also think that the foreigners deserve at least a little recognition . 
  working with a regime that only kills people elsewhere is not a good thing , and the historical understanding should reflect this even if the local victims had survived . 
  -  and then there are the ss veterans marches that make the news veterans of both sides are considered victims of circumstance and their gatherings are n't restricted . 
  veterans of both sides could be victims . 
  some most certainly were . 
  however , i 'm thinking mostly of the conscripts . 
  i am not thinking of the ss . 
  the ss were a strictly volunteer organization . 
  the only exception to this was the auxiliary-ss created near the end of the was from conscripts found in concentration camps . 
  what is more , the people marching today are not marching to commemorate their victimhood , their survival , or the horrors of the war . 
  they are marching , in uniform , bearing signs with ss insignia and images of hilter , wearing ribbons commemorating their membership in the nazi army , and overall to commemorate their participation in the ss . 
  they justify this as `` fighting the soviets , '' but if i found myself torn between two murderous movements i would n't be celebrating my membership in one decades later . 
  i 'd be miserable that two horrible movements came though . 
  at least i hope i would be . 
  it is how my grandparents in austria were . 
  - i believe in free speech , so do not want to see them stopped from marching ( although it would be illegal in austria ) , but i would be even happier if they were not supported . 
  they are not the victims , they are collaborators who participated in the mass murder of estonian citizens , foreign refugees and soviet prisoners of war . 
  tl ; dr there are reasons that the baltics has a stereotype of `` glorifying the third reich . '' the situation is complicated and tragic , so some difficulties are understandable , but the more time passes the less patience i have to historical revisionism or blank spots . 
  i believe that the `` nazi parades '' to which the poster referred are the parades by actual ss veterans that made the news . 
  if you are marching in the 21st century to commemorate your voluntary participation in the ss in the 1940s ( there were never any ss conscripts , least of all among ethnic balts ) then think that the label nazi is fair . 
  your comment does highlight a major issue that i observed in the baltics ( ive been to all three at least once and estonia several times ) , namely that many people seem to view any opposition the the admittedly terrible soviet regime as fine , because it was about independence and solidarity and not naziism . 
  the fact that much of it took place under the hegemony of the nazi government , that hundreds of thousands of baltic citizens were killed by the germans and the baltic volunteers ( the baltics had the highest percentage of participants in ss and other special groups of any non-germanic area ) , that it required active collaboration with the nazis , and the fact that it is possible that two horrible rules could have been present , are not really considered much , or even given much lip service : i 'm austrian . 
  my grandfather was in the german navy during the war and the soviet army were in our village and were horrifying . 
  i have some some sympathy for people who were on the german side or faced the soviets . 
  but as an austrian who comes from a culture that at least partially reflected on the nazi horrors , i am still taken aback and a bit unsettled by the unwillingness to do the same in the baltics . 
  as for the internet brouhaha a few years ago , that was basically a result of estonians , understandably unhappy about years of soviet occupation , repaying the favor to ethnic russians now living in estonia by being jerks to them ( it was also about the symbolism of moving a soviet wwii memorial that replaced an earlier nazi collaborators/independence memorial - depending whom you ask - as part of political efforts to please ethnic estonians and distress ethic russians ( ethnic russians are just as touchy about wwii as baltic people 's are about the soviets ) . 
  ethnic russians in estonia viewed this as the last straw in a generally discriminatory system and rioted . 
  russians in russia attacked online ) estonia managed to play the kine attacks into a leadership role in nato cyber issues so the online attacks backfired ) . 
  it was n't a fine moment for anyone , but it was n't explicitly nazi . 
  actually this is real . 
  glorification may be too extreme a word but there is a real historical blindness when it comes to the nazi years born out of unhappiness over the pre - and post-nazi soviet years . 
  the short version is that anything anti soviet is ok , even if its the genicidal nazis . 
  some random examples my austrian self personally noted : - history museum in tallinn has a `` choose your own adventure '' mini theater . 
  if , during wwii i choose `` stand with my brothers , '' i 'm a soldier in the nazi army . 
  if i choose to go without them and not join the nazi army i become the manager if a collective farm but my neighbors hate me for informing on them to the kgb and having them killed . 
  - vilnius memorial wall has a lot of names followed by post wwii dates , not too many for people killed during nazi times . 
  memorial efforts focus on this , and largely do not include nazi victims ( i think there should be both ) - tallinn tunnel tour talks about the horrific one day of bombing by the soviet military , does n't mention the killing squads or hundreds of thousands of victims during german times . 
  also finds time to mention roaming russian brigands in the 1400s , but not victims of the nazi times . 
  - my few efforts to discuss this with locals were met with statements like `` of course the german victims were poor , but the soviet victims ... '' and in one case a justification of active local participation in killing so many jews because most of the jews ere communists so it was about that and not anti-semetism ( the guy who told me that did so in a private club that he assured me was not open to russians ) . 
  i also encounter a view that soviet occupation was occupation ( it was ) , but that nazi occupation was actually an understandably necessary evil to oppose soviet occupation , and that it was n't actually an occupation so much as an alliance , and the high percentage of local volunteers in nazi units a manifestation of freedom fighting and not serving another country in its murderous efforts . 
  - and then there are the ss veterans marches that make the news i 've been to all three at least once and estonia several times for work and it is really off putting in an otherwise pleasant region . 
  i was surprised how quickly these issues arrive when you scratch the surface . 
  which is a shame , because otherwise it is a really interesting area . 
  just one that seems collectively unwilling to pay even lip service to the fact that the 1940s were a very messed up time for everyone , and not just anti-soviet ethnic majorities . 
  russia does . 
  there are atms that can do this , as well as dedicated payment kiosks . 
  they are the al-qaeda flag and other similar ones . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_standard the one in the center says `` there is no god but god , '' and has what is believed to be the seal of mohammad in the circle ( which is also the other half of the shahada , which says `` the messenger of god is mohammad . '' ), 
  - serious victims under soviet occupation ( strong independence movement ) , still do n't like russians - super touchy about discussing victims under german occupation ( very few on memorial wall , lithuanians ' involvement not discussed ) - small tatar population has been there for centuries - polish-lithuanian commonwealth has a varied and interesting history - founded vilnius after the king had a dream of an iron wolf howling on a hill ( according to legend ) - great romance between barbara radziwill and the polish-lithuanian king in vilnius - financial system attracting some of the customers that fled cyprus - relatively fast gdp growth following crash - had some online drama after activists accused the state of corruption and coverup in a custody case of a young girl . 
  more online drama recently when private phone conversations between two ambassadors regarding sensitive diplomatic issues were posted to youtube . 
  - forest of the gods is a lithuanian book , sad but very well written edit : at least some of them are a lot more ok with the country 's nazi past than i would like . 
  see the below discussion for more detail . 
  the key line is where playmewhile asks why the 5 % of jews who survived the holocaust have yet to apologize to lithuania for what they did to the country ( i think for not supporting the quisling government that killed them ) . 
  there are multiple users in english too . 
  free roaming means no cage but the chickens ca n't go outside . 
  free range means that access to the outdoors exists but not that all birds can reach it or that there is enough room for all of the birds outside . 
  pasture raised is the best . 
  they do cost more , but they are healthier and taste better in addition to being more fair to the chickens . 
  the monthly difference to our budget is the equivalent to one coffee at starbucks , so even with the higher prices its not exactly a major hardship . 
  you pay someone ( unaffiliated with youtube ) who contract to use their actual network of infected computers or equipment to mimic a million computers coming from a million different ips to visit your video . 
  lots of times . 
  more when i was younger and did n't live so far away and have a job . 
  ca n't say i saw lots of palatschinke spots though . 
  certainly not enough to give me the idea that budapest was a palatschinke capitol . 
  is it possible that their number has increased in recent years ? 
  they are delicious , austria is right there and cross border influence and investing are strong . 
  it could be , especially dialekt . 
  i 've seen the word used elsewhere , in former austrian empire countries , and its possible it originated there as well , but i 've never seen the actual dish eaten as often and in as many ways as in austria , which makes me think its base is there . 
  do you know more of its history ? 
  i 'd love to know more about it . 
  wwii and the years immediately prior . 
  - peacefully and through heavy diplomacy getting the soviets to leave . 
  - being so charming that rulers could marry instead of war their way to an empire ( have you seen the portraits ? 
  it was n't looks that won so many foreign princesses and duchesses . 
  they were seriously smooth and their diplomats even smoother ) . 
  - home of a beginning of modern scientific discovery in the 19th century , especially in the fields of medicine and psychiatry . 
  - home of so many great composers and musical traditions - home of the succession and art nouveau movements - building a relatively fair society ( still has its troubles but it could be a lot worse ) - inventing the palatschinke - having the good sense to settle in so gloriously beautiful a region, 
  this is a terrible article that does n't even get the basic concepts right , namely the definition of a vulnerability and a flaw . 
  seeing how the nyt were themselves owned quite badly they should already know that , but the author did n't , and did n't know enough to work out the core concepts prior to publishing . 
  they did . 
  google it . 
  the marches deomnstration in moscow are not as you describe - they are normal people looking like themselves and asking for equal rights ( or at least not being punished by law for spreading `` gay propaganda '' when then say who they are ) . 
  the court documents posted online could be faked or altered , but i think that they are real . 
  firstly , it is a tremendous amount of official documents , which makes it difficult ( although not impossible ) to forge . 
  secondly , no one from the courts or the government has said that they are altered or faked . 
  with so much pressure to get navalny and so much attention on the case , i would expect a reaction a possibly charges if the documents really were n't wholly real , especially since getting navalny on such a lie would be so damaging to his `` i expose the truth '' image . 
  they also match prosecutors statements thus far . 
  it is true that i personally have n't seen then original documents , so i ca n't say with absolute certainty that the documents online are the exact same without any redactions , but that is where logic is leading me .
