  after the attack the thieves/attackers ran out of the train but they stupidly hung out outside a store not too far from the station so the police were able to find and arrest them . 
  i do n't know the actual national crime statistics though , just that anecdotal second-hand experience - do you have any to post ? 
  are you familiar with the concept of national champions ? 
  gazprom is a business and wants to make money . 
  but it is a national champion firm in russia with very close goes to the government at a time when russia and ukraine are engaged in some very tense political and arguably military issues . 
  to expect gazprom to act in a purely financial way with no consideration to the current political situation is not realistic . 
  and politics ( so still america ? ) . 
  right after the war there were a large number of french communists - so many that they could have actually won power in free elections if the soviets had n't instructed them not to to avoid freaking out the other allies as the ussr consolidated power in the eastern european countries . 
  those communists and their sympathizers were more likely to appreciate the actual contributions of the ussr as well as overvalue soviet accomplishments as compared to the contributions of others . 
  by 1994 the communists in france were no longer a viable political force and attitudes about communism were very different ( a cold war will do that ) . 
  people were more likely to undervalue soviet contributions or to never have fully learned about them in the first place . 
  the jump from 1994 to 2004 is also likely influenced by modern issues such as simply the passing of time ( america is still powerful militarily , russia far less than the ussr in 1945 , and modern perceptions do impact those of history for many people ) , as well as modern politics and personal affiliations . 
  tl ; dr hollywood played a role . 
  so did real life . 
  charles in holding on as tightly as he can . 
  his people even go around making sure that the press do n't refer to his son william 's wife a princess , as technically only the wife of the prince of wales is a princess , and so by calling william 's wife one it implies that her husband is the heir and not charles . 
  according to laws made over a year ago , isps must institute capabilities that can only be achieved through dpi . 
  www.wired.com/dangerroom/2012/11/russia-surveillance/all/ laws from january this year also require recording users ' activities until six month after their last activity and reporting/registering sites where users can post comments to a government agency . 
  like this ? 
  private company , company owned by putin 's judo friends or olinpstroi - they all were given more than enough time and money to be done and it was the government that was meant to be overseeing the project and stepping in to avoid excessive delays . 
  putin repeatedly said that this was very important to him as well , something that he wants to have weight . 
  that there were still problems points to a failure in the government apparatus . 
  the question of is sochi would be ready after spending so much , putin putting so much stress on a good result and more than one construction scandal was a pretty big one . 
  the fact that the accommodations for the journalists were not ready is relevant news . 
  the fact that it happened to a class of people that report things at a time when they are tasked to report things but actual , main focus reportable events have yet to happen and they need to find something to report makes its coverage inevitable . 
  plus it was more than five tweets . 
  and unfinished rooms , lost reservations , no lobby floor , no hot water , no water at all , no heat , slept in beds ( by construction workers ) , no internet , 6am false fire alarm , missing restaurant . 
  the athletes ' housing was an understandable priority and is probably actually done . 
  the journalists in comparison still had people building their hotel rooms when they arrived to use them . 
   the word state is coming from the works of mchiavelli , it 's only interest is preserving ` state ' . 
  the world has changed a lot since 1513 . 
  one of the many changes is that `` the state '' is no longer just the ruling prince and his apparatus . 
  it is everyone who lives in a country . 
  their situations matter too . 
   social ladder is working quite effectively in russia one guy out of 140 million is not widespread social mobility . 
  moscow is not all of russia . 
  [ russia has the highest wealth inequality in the world . 
  ] ( http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-billionaire-wealth-inequality/25132471.html ) /  moscow which is about 10 % of population in no small part due to the lack of opportunities in many other areas . 
   opposition localized mostly to one city the largest , most educated city . 
  i do n't want to veer into too many tangents , but politically apathy about the ability to beat the system and a lack of alternatives for which the current leadership is strongly responsible are a big part of this . 
  these are n't good things . 
   there is usually a lot of research going in decisions . 
  there are a lot of fractions . 
  putin is just arbiter . 
  sometimes a comment is meant to be illustrative and not definitive . 
  however , i can spell things out if needed . 
  i am very aware that the entire country s not run on the wholly selfish whim of a few people . 
  russia is not a completely failed state , just a flawed one . 
  however , even well-intentioned efforts wo n't work as well when the leadership are there not because they are the best at that particular issue , but because they are the winners of the wealth-an-influence-for support contract . 
  at the same time , many decisions are made for personal gain . 
  that 's how you get disasters like the krasnodar floods or serdyukov trying military reform or the repeated delays of much needed pension reforms or the failure of the much-applauded education reforms . 
   so russia ca n't change the fact it has no chances against nato . 
  even ussr strategy was build on mad . 
  we have no choice . 
  yes you do . 
  you are right that russia would probably lose if nato went to war against russia today , in no small part because russian military and economic reforms have been difficult to implement and have a lot they still need to do ( in no small part due to corruption and personal/bad administration ) and because russia lacks a lot of the technology and production capacity needed ( in no small part due to a failure to support industries outside of the ruling elite 's current cash cows of natural resource extraction . 
  even skolkovo is getting clobbered by personal politics ) . 
  so what to do ? 
  in the long term you could fix those issues , build a more functioning government that can strengthen the military and diversify the economy while improving education to create better soldiers and improving quality of life so that people have more children who can fight . 
  even so , there is no way that a war between so many people would not be very bloody and would be better avoided . 
  therefore , russia could focus on other ways of protecting itself and projecting influence . 
  the russian leadership knows this and this is a big reason why you hear variations of the phrase `` soft power '' bandied about so often . 
  consider germany - once upon a time the us ( and russia/ussr ) was in a bloody war with germany . 
  twice in one century , actually . 
  now that idea is unthinkable , germany is one of the most powerful countries in the world , its people among the most prosperous . 
  even so it could not win in a war with bigger america , but it does n't have to - the old enemy america is the major guarantor of germany 's security . 
  that did n't happen through mad strategies , it happened because germany made itself into a country that was able to offer other countries , including the us , enough benefits to cooperation and support that they got their power , wealth and well-being that way . 
  it could do that because its internal operations were working well enough to offer the inducements to cooperate and the disincentives to opposition . 
   so it 's nothing wrong with meddling with other country internal affairs for ` strategic reasons ' ? 
  i did n't mean to suggest a moral judgment either way . 
  russia and china also have their strategic wants when it comes to ukraine . 
  they did n't give those billions just to be nice . 
  i just meant to say that these strategic goals exist and so should be considered . 
   gdb.rferl.org/c5828904-e34a-48a7-9f2b-43a1f59083b9_mw1024_n_s.jpg that looks like more of an accidental clothed screen shot than deliberate exposure . 
  i also do n't think that was taken in the church - the short footage they got was used in a longer music video and this may be from that since i did n't see anything like it in the original video . 
  that may be splitting hairs though . 
   you think that transparent courts and human rights are more important than interests of state no . 
  i think that working courts and protecting the rights of citizens * are * the interests of state . 
  a strong , functioning society does better in the long run that one controlled by a small group of people who can act in their own interests against the interests of the state . 
  the best people , best structures and the best ideas have a chance of identifying problems and opportunities , developing and spreading new ideas and deciding actions instead of the current high-level strategy of doing whatever the most trusted friends want . 
   so you are telling me democratic taiwan without usa help would stand a chance against totalitarian china . 
  nothing occurs in a vacuum and a billion people will beat 23 million in most conflicts . 
  good governance ca n't fix everything and taiwan ca n't change that fact . 
  what taiwan can and does do is support its public and private institutions to be a country that is doing well enough that it that can attract us support and work with the us closely . 
  compare that to , say , cambodia or laos , which the us might support against china for strategic reasons in case of a war but which the us does n't support that strongly generally and is n't closely involved in other things that help a country like trade . 
  or ukraine - the eu sort of wants to see ukraine go towards them and not russia for strategic reasons , but are not willing to get too involved because the cost of dealing with ukraine as it currently is are too high for them . 
  if ukraine 's internal affairs were better , the eu might have offered the country a better deal and acted more decisively to make it happen . 
  in the mean time , ukrainians would have the benefits of living in a better-run country . 
   pr got in jail so they would not be `` punished '' by orthodox church extremists which would be even more disastrous for russian public relations wat . 
  i have never seen this explanation in any credible forum of any side of the issue . 
  why do you believe this ? 
   they got to church without as much as underwear and started jumping and raising legs even your basic facts are wrong . 
  they were n't without underwear and jumping to show it - you can see the original video [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=greblskpdwq ) if you do n't believe me . 
  they appear to be wearing opaque tights which would mean that all of their their skin was covered from the waist to the toes and they never once raise their legs to show anything up their skirts . 
  you can also see that there was n't even a crowd there , let alone a violent one from which the women needed to be saved . 
  all they did was run in and make noise by yelling their prayer to be saved from putin for a few seconds . 
  also , how is charging someone with a more severe charge than they deserve protecting them from a crowd ? 
  police protect people all the time without giving them excessively long prison sentences . 
  if you believe the accounts it appears that the prison authorities were trying to the difference between the `` f * cking for medvedev '' stunt and this one was that they took place at different times . 
  the government was feeling much less stable and secure at the time of the church stunt .
