  i truly love both countries , feel attached to both and am proud of both . 
  to be required to give one up would be a personal tragedy . 
  i also find it a better way to live than with just one ; i have access to more cultures , perspectives and information sources . 
  i also have more labor mobility , and as an overeducated worker in an `` in demand '' field , i like to think its a good thing for the countries where i can work . 
  it also handy for avoiding people jumping to conclusions about my political orientation , but that is more of a personal benefit than one to my home and host countries . 
  if only the tax codes would catch up !, 
  particularly the us one . 
  everyone talks about creating jobs but i watched the american presence melt away in the two countries where i worked after the us introduced additional traction requirements for americans working abroad and their employers . 
  austria - [ monomania - mickimaus ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-lp9v__suw ), 
  arguing that something took place as far back as the roman era is not the strongest defense for doing something today . 
  the roman eras also accepted slavery , crucifixion as a reasonable punishment , gladiatorial games ending in death , feeding members undesired groups to lions ( also for entertainment ) , wholesale purchases of military units in return for their violent support in politics etc. 
  there are a lot of things people used to during the roman era as well as a lot more recently that are still a bad idea . 
  are there any signs of this changing then ? 
  as the older generation dies ? 
  or do younger people from those demographic groups also support such practices ? 
  i answered above to gensek , but the short ( ish ) answer is that austria was never given the full warrant/accusation , the general denies it ( specifically , he denies the legal definitions employed to determine a crime took place ) , and when the austrians requested said documentation , lithuanian authorities never provided it ( which suggests to me that maybe pragmatic thinkers there also did not want to fight that charging him would cause ) , . 
  furthermore , no other european countries supported the arrest ( finland , czech republic or cyprus all let him without problems ) , austria was alone in acting at all . 
  with all of this in mind , plus the fact the this case is not really about the facts of the case , but rather the much larger pains and animosities of much larger issues between russia and the baltics , and therefore facing a very difficult and nasty political battle over a case that was not legally clearly defined , and forced to violate austrian law in order to do so ( one can not detain someone for more than 48 hours without properly charging them , and since lithuania did not provide the documentation , austria could not charge him ) , neutral austria decided to remain neutral and let the two involved parties , russia and lithuania , work it out between one another instead of aggressively joining the fight as unlawfully detaining the general would have done . 
  to quote the newspaper , the case was not that cut-and-dry . 
  lithuania wants him arrested for this , he claims that the evidence does not prove he was responsible for any crimes given the legal structures of the times . 
  lithuania itself did not follow the legal procedures necessary for austria to keep him in any case ( austria requested documentation including the warrant in a language they could read , specifically english , and did not get it ) , which i 'm sure was easy enough to get ( which makes me think that perhaps the lithuanian government also did not want the harsh political fall-out of really catching him , although that could just be my paranoid mind overworking ) ? 
  neither finland , czech republic or cyprus thought he should be arrested either - he travelled to all of those places before arriving in austria . 
  he sounds like a thoroughly horrible man . 
  but , austria should have freed him . 
  in a legal case that is not perfectly clear and established , in a political situation that is filled with angry feelings far beyond the facts of the actual case , austria should not have joined a fight . 
  upvote for a well-argued point . 
  i do not believe that going after this general will improve safety ro relations , i believe it will have the opposite effect , but i can understand your feelings . 
  its hard to get over some things , even if it is in the interest of easing tensions everywhere ( and , coming from a country is not still struggling with letting go , i still do n't want to be part of it ) . 
  not to get in to too far an off-topic debate , but that interpretation of the treatment of the jews in baltics is , to quote your post , bullcrap . 
  i researched the fate of the baltic jews after my first vist to the baltics countries , as i was so surprised to see much discussion of history without a mention for the jews . 
  jews were disproportionately communist . 
  given the general prejudice they faced and the equality promised by , although not delivered by communism , it is understandable why support for communism was disproportionately high in a group of people looking for ideologies promising them equality . 
  jews were also disproportionately urban , and even disproportionately of foreign extraction ; many were descended from people who came during the time of the russian empire , and were not seen as `` local '' by the rest of the population . 
  the nazi government did their best to encourage perception of jews as communist and foreign , of course , but they based it on a preexisting belief ( that is the most effective type of propaganda ) . 
  this antipathy may be why , upon arrival into lithuania , one of the first things the nazi army did was encourage local riots against local jews . 
  lithuanians helped nazi groups kill jews directly - [ source ] ( http://www1.yadvashem.org/yv/en/holocaust/about/04/baltic.asp ) or by aiding the german military by serving as their auxiliary police - [ source ] ( http://www.ushmm.org/outreach/en/article.php?moduleid=10007710 ) . 
  a more general overview of the holocaust int eh baltics , including local groups directly attacking and killing jews themselves or serving under german liquidation teams is [ here ] ( http://depts.washington.edu/baltic/papers/holocaust.html ) . 
  there is a lot more out there on the topic if you are interested . 
  i do not believe that you are responsible for any of this . 
  my point is not to accuse . 
  my guess is that you were not alive at the time to have done anything in any direction . 
  but denying history is bad for a society , both internally and when it must engage the outside world . 
  if nothing else , by doing so you give russia a very easy tool to use in the public relations/propaganda battle . 
  i mentioned this in another post . 
  i brought up wwii because it is part of the larger baltics-russian discourse . 
  you are right though - the event specifically relevant to the argument took place thirty years ago , not 65 . 
  ps i also mentioned it because one of your countrymen called me a nazi fuck among other things and implied that , due to my country 's history , my opinions on any matter were invalid , and i thought he could use a better understnding of his own , not because we are both horrible mass murderers , but because people can , in the right circumstances , become horrible everywhere . 
  if one wants to avoid this one must think pragmatically and unfairly in a good way , one can not cling to hate . 
  i also brought up my country 's response to our history as something that might help his country in getting over their own . 
  i do not understand your question , so i am going to guess . 
  if i am wrong , please tell me and i will try to be more clear . 
  historical : soviet crime : soviet occupation ( pretty bad . 
  we had it in my part of austria for ten years too . 
  the horror stories are horrific ) . 
  baltics crime : loving independence so much , and having a semi-german affiliation through the baltic germans , that they willingly collaborated with nazi forces as well as formed their own independence groups that could be arguably called fascist or close to it . 
  more recently : russian crime : insisting that soviet forces were liberators , all baltics peoples are still fascists and that the soviet union never did anything wrong . 
  inability to understand the human condition and reflect on history . 
  baltics crime : refusal to acknowledge their own history , single-minded obsession with proving russians evil to the point that it colors everything from in-flight magazines to history presentations about things that happened centuries before the first russian arrived in the region . 
  not caring about your victims . 
  inability to understand the human condition and reflect on history . 
  continuing this into prejudice against the ethnic russian population living in the baltics . 
  the thing that pushed me over the edge from sympathy to frustration with anti-russian feeling in the baltics ? 
  it was n't the daily small digs at russian things that i saw . 
  it was being in a private club and being told , with pride , `` you wo n't find and russians here . '', 
  can you imagine the response if i said something like that in an austrian club about any ethnic group other than perhaps german ? 
  there would be people screaming nazi outside my door the next morning . 
  you are stuck . 
  you can say you wish that things did not happen as they did . 
  you can say it was not right , it was unfair , it was criminal , it was monstrous . 
  you would be right . 
  but you are where you are . 
  you are small . 
  you are on the edge of europe . 
  you need allies but you are caught up in your hate . 
  coloring your interactions with others with hate will not help you . 
  it will drive those others away . 
  reconciliation is necessary . 
  austria is small . 
  austria was where you are now ; bordering on russian power and even more afraid of it . 
  austria had reasons to hate , and be hated . 
  austria is trying to move on , and it is good for everyone . 
  the strong commitment to understanding the bigger picture and understanding even our enemies is something that i am very proud of . 
  if my grandparents , who suffered directly and horribly under the nazis and then under the soviet occupation can say `` they were also confused humans , '' then anyone should . 
  then , nothing . 
  then lithuania suffered . 
  the crimes of which lithuania and the other baltics are accused are firstly , being so excited about independence that they willingly collaborated with nazi forces during wwii , not caring about their own , admittedly small jewish population ( jews were disproportionately communist , and since communists were bad , no one seems to mourn them much ) , or the crimes of the nazis elsewhere . 
  more recently , not addressing that history , instead preferring one of pure victimhood . 
  this is both exasperating and discouraging to would-be allies and provides russia with valid countercharges whenever lithuanians complain about their very true suffering . 
  my complaint today is not about that , however . 
  it is that , in their al-consuming rage and inability to step back and see the big picture , lithuania attempted to draw austria into a nasty , ambiguous political fight with russia . 
  if you want austrian help , ask for it reasonably . 
  embrace your own history and true situation , try to move past it , and ask austrians to support you . 
  they will . 
  austrians had a decade of naziism followed by a decade of soviet occupation , they understand . 
  but this never-ending , small-level petty fighting does not endear outsiders to your cause . 
  ps austria is neutral . 
  zealously so . 
  it is enshrined in our constitution . 
  it was also part of the state treaty , signed by austria , the us , france , the uk and the soviet union in 1955 , which offered this strict neutrality in return for those countries finally leaving austria . 
  anything less than this neutrality would have resulted in either the western or the soviet powers reoccupying our little country .
