  who knew italy did n't like russia so much . 
  living in moscow one gets the impression that they are best friends ( and putin and burlesconi really do appear to be at least friendly ) . 
  you are missing a different point . 
  that point is not what got greece into this problem . 
  it is what will best help greece get out . 
  greece has no good choices , but essentially repudiating the eu and leaving the euro will cause more damage for more time than the other options , even though they are also damaging . 
  ukraine is important to the russian leadership , but russia is even more important . 
  crimea was the first step in destabilizing ukraine and making maidan look like an event that ended in an even worse situation for the country than people had before . 
  that message is very important to the russian leadership . 
  they are still nervous after the meetings/protests of a few years ago . 
  those largely died out because of a loss in faith that protesters could achieve meaningful change . 
  the madian protesters did achieve regime change , and had they been able to take that power change and make the country obviously better in a country as similar to russia as ukraine , it could have been very encouraging to protesters in russia , just at a time when economic difficulties were predicted . 
  the fact that russia got crimea back was more like a really nice bonus - good to have but not enough to prompt action on its own ( which is why they did n't do it earlier ) . 
  firstly because many russians really do believe that it is part of russia and getting it back made them more likely to support the state and secondly because of the strategic value to the black sea fleet . 
  also , `` her spine has been severely damaged '' http://swimswam.com/update-most-severely-injured-austrian-synchronized-swimmer-in-baku-accident-now-in-stable-condition/, 
  one might be in a wheelchair . 
  she is the one that is in a medically induced coma ( so brain injury ) , but is `` stable . '', 
  her doctors report that she will need further surgeries , including on her spine . 
  the parades in grozny have a history of being coerced . 
  state employees report being told they must turn out , and sometimes bring x number of people with them , or risk their jobs . 
  the same goes for voter turnout ( low turnout suggests low support if the victor is the only real candidate ) . 
  i 'm sure there were some genuine supporters , but also some people who deserve the benefit of the doubt . 
  if anything , it 's likely more of the latter - the really conservatively religious guys do n't like corrupt , moscow-loving kadyrov . 
  they did at the parade in moscow ( though i do n't know if there were actually armed warheads . 
  i 'd guess not ) . 
  this is at one of the many smaller parades across russia . 
  i do n't think he was - there are parade all over the country and not just on tverskaya street/red square in moscow . 
  fortunately , there is evidence of other fifa corruption that the journalists were able to preserve . 
  they are n't turkic like turkey from an outsiders ' view , but turkey has been trying very hard for years to develop an idea of turkic unity with turkey at the helm protecting against all the people trying to keep turkic peoples down . 
  with some success . 
  the actual law prohibits [ forcing someone to accept or carry out a sexual act using violence , the threat of imminent danger , or the exploitation of a situation where the victim has no protection ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/stgb/__177.html ) , such as when drugged . 
  that said , some of those pressures can be hard to define and establish in a legal sense , and other types of pressure and abuse are not included , so some activists are promoting a campaign for a more comprehensive definition . 
  do you genuinely believe there is a real chance that all of ukraine will be a real war zone in the near future ? 
  what makes you think this ? 
  because , based on my observations and understanding thereof , that does not seem highly probable to me . 
  while i do agree that people in general should have fewer children , ukraine is not a war zone in which no child can live throughout the entire country . 
  donbass/eastern ukraine is a mess and i would hesitate to have a family if i chose to stay there ( and i would have left if i were from there ) , but the rest of the country is very different . 
  this happened , although the thing that did it may have been going into stores and putting stickers on products from places that they deemed `` unpatriotic . '', 
  food politics is sensitive in russia , even more so since the russian government banned the import of food from eu countries in retaliation for sanctions , causing the price to up at a time and selection to go down when inflation was already causing price increases . 
  although it also could have been just rich jerks complaining . 
  the way that the wealthy abuse the roads and related laws in russia is also touchy , and maybe they were afraid of letting it get too big . 
  there already was one serious set of organized protests ( google russia blue buckets if you want . 
  it focused on blue flashing lights on cars that are supposed to be for official and urgent business , but which wealthy and connected people use to cut through traffic and feel cool ) . 
  i 'm not sure she 's wearing a burka and not just a lot of black . 
  well . 
  i know she 's not wearing a burka - that is the full tent look adopted in afghanistan and some areas of northern pakistan . 
  but she may be wearing a black abaya ( robe ) and hijab ( hair cover ) , plus a black winter coat . 
  you are right about her job prospects dressed like that , but she went extremist and probably crazy . 
  i wonder what she looked like before that happened . 
  most central asians do n't dress like that , especially in russia . 
  that directly contradicts my experience in moscow , and the many listings at services and sites like pomogatel . 
  not everyone can hire a native english speaking nanny . 
  it is true that the nannies do n't tend be central asian per se , but even that is possible . 
  it 's pretty normal . 
  russia is second only to the us as a destination for migrants . 
  having foreign nannies is common . 
  i do n't see any german sources there . 
  if you are n't lazy and make the effort to vote properly , you are at least doing you 're bit and can encourage the same behavior to spread . 
  if you do n't at least that , you 're letting the oligarchs completely walk over you . 
  you 'd be more influential if you were to pour millions into political causes , but just voting based in true research and informing yourself is better than nothing . 
  i took the above comment to be more about general posts on reddit about western countries and democracies being dead . 
  since princeton did a study on the us that i remembered and could find quickly , i chose a link to that study to prove the point that some of the reddit screamers about the state of democracy have a point , crazy as they may seem . 
  sadly , the wacky posters kind of have a point : http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27074746, 
  i think the pig is just a symbol for weak europa , which may have money ( note the slots on top - they are farm pigs but also piggy banks trapped in their euro zone pen ) , but lack morals or strength ( the words on the bear 's shirt are generic `` patriotism and morals types-phrases ) and of course are also super gay ( which in this context means degenerate and not just homosexual ) . 
  some people think that maybe it also refers to russians who prefer the west , specifically as a reference to [ peter piglet , a russian meme pig who steal/rides a tractor as he leaves russia to live in another country . ] ( http://weirdrussia.com/2014/09/05/peter-the-piglet-the-tractor-driver-meme/ ) . 
  there is a tractor in the image , although since it is to the far right and looks like part of the general russian resources section , i 'm not sure it means anything beyond russian agriculture is awesome . 
  i doubt putin sees europe this way . 
  at least one of his daughters lived in the netherlands with her dutch boyfriend [ until anger after the mh17 crash drove her out . 
  ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/flight-mh17-vladimir-putins-daughter-3909500 ) quite a few of the ruling elites own properties in w. europe and the us , and send their children to study and live there . 
  however , he , and the country 's leadership , want normal russians to feel that way , to beleive that the current system , with all of its obvious flaws , protects them from something more dangerous and destructive . 
  it is true that not all russians feel this way . 
  i know and love many russians who do not . 
  fortunately , [ they recently lowered the prices ] ( http://rbth.com/society/2015/02/02/vodka_just_got_cheaper_for_russians_43363.html ) . 
  jokes aside , it is actually for sad reasons . 
  some people made snarky comments about buying loyalty , or at least avoiding anger as inflation makes vodka too expensive for many . 
  however , there is a public health component . 
  after years of increased taxes , costs and restrictions to [ successfully ] decrease drinking and improve related health , the government lowered the price at least in part because inflation and economic pressures were driving more people to moonshine . 
  moonshine is so cheap and is completely unregulated , and in difficult economic times drinking always goes up anyway . 
  once people turn to that , they will probably drink more . 
  also it is n't exactly made to a federal standard , and some of it is really quite dangerous . 
  so the government eased the effective inflation-caused price increases on vodka in order to stop even worse drinking patterns . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  the latest revisions are that they did n't . 
  it was doing great , no serious internal problems . 
  outside forces caused it to fall . 
  nothing else . 
  nope . 
  ( the complainers are right that w. europe and the us were happy to let them fall apart afterwards though ), 
  it 's a national symbol used in some form for centuries ( wikipedia says since at least the 16th century , so for at least 500 years , but i personally do n't know the origins ) . 
  this is a very good point . 
  a country 's name is often used as shorthand for it 's government , but really , the russian government is not every russian . 
  it certainly is n't the many russians that i know and love who are for the most part quite cynical and unhappy about their own government . 
  it was tweeted by the russian embassy to the uk . 
  whatever the original intention , that embassy in that country was n't aiming for a russian domestic audience when they posted it . 
  putin , when viewed negatively , is viewed as as real threat . 
  that 's not funny . 
  obama?america , when viewed negatively , is viewed more a knee-jerk hur dur we 're superior to the amis stuff . 
  people do n't really fear america action within europe in quite the same way . 
  it manifests itself in different ways . 
  i also see moscow family traditions homeland,
