  it does if the punishment is heavier if you do it online . 
  it does if the point is less to control one specific opinion ( separatism ) and more a phenomenon ( discouraging online opposition ), 
   you can read the law and you will know what you can or can not do . 
  the law itself is bad and is in violation of [ the constitution of the russian federation ] ( http://www.departments.bucknell.edu/russian/const/ch2.html ) . 
  in this case the law is also in a bit of a gray zone in terms of knowing what is and is not forbidden because the interpretation of what the words mean are not 100 % clear - a problem with much the `` extremism '' and `` calling for '' regulations . 
  cases like this one allow for an expanded definition of whom can be prosecuted , and for what . 
   they did n't make it up on the spot for this guy . 
  no , but they chose to make him an example case and to apply it harshly , in part because he did have some other crimes to make it seem more `` ok '' than going after someone who only reposted what should be an acceptable comment , even if it goes against the preferred state narrative ( and it is that latter group who are the real target of such high-profile example cases ) . 
  [ apparently about 65 thousand rubles per month for the english-speaking ones ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/02/putin-kremlin-inside-russian-troll-house ) . 
  that 's about a thousand dollars now , although it was closer to 1300 18 months ago when that figure was published . 
  inflation has reduced the value of the ruble . 
  some people got inflation adjustments as well , and prices of different goods changed different amounts , confusing total amount more . 
  ps looking at this user `` s post history , they may really be such a paid poster . 
  i do n't see a single apolitical comment . 
  not every state supporter is paid . 
  there are people who genuinely feel that way and could be doing so out of general personal feeling both in and [ outside of russia ] ( http://weirdrussia.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/petr_nostalgie.jpg ) , but they also occasionally have opinions and comments about other things as well . 
  this user does n't seem to . 
  not cool . 
  there are many intelligent russians ( i know many myself ) , even if 9a4172 is not among them . 
  such comments just allow people such as 9a4172 to reject all criticism , even valid points , as russophobia and hate . 
  they also are n't needed - 9a4172 's comments are too weak to stand on their merits . 
  if you let yourself be dragged into a name calling contest , you shift attention from that . 
  no , that is not what i am saying . 
  although i think that you know that and are being deliberately disingenuous . 
  i am saying that , by picking a few relatively easy cases with which to make an example , the authorities now are able to scare others into avoiding all of the undesired actions , including posts counter to the desired narratives . 
  when such examples do not scare someone , there is now a legal precedent , established with relatively extreme cases , that make a legal prosecution of someone `` guilty '' of nothing but online posts or reports easier to justify . 
  such cases expand the boundaries of what can be prosecuted , and what people are afraid to do . 
  you misunderstand . 
  for the authorities , they and their broken lives are precedents . 
  it is a very common tactic in russia and worldwide when rolling out new controls . 
  pick a few cases that are a bit more extreme in some way that the average person you seek to influence and control . 
  make an example of them , use them as relatively easier cases to establish the legal practice , and let their example scare others who would be harder to target into compliance . 
  meduza is the work of russian journalists who found themselves too censored / controlled to report in russia , so moved offshore . 
  it 's not a latvian operation ( and i agree that latvians and the whole baltics can be quite overboard ) . 
  that 's the kind of person who makes a good precedent / warning case . 
  if online content were n't an issue of concern to authorities , they would just stick to the other things he did . 
  they 're good precedents / warnings to have a general chilling effect, 
  it 's a precedent/message to have a chilling effect on others , not a standard policy to be applied to every citizen equally, 
  east germany was always germany , just half of a divided country . 
  a better comparison might be the eastern germany that is now poland and from which all germans were expelled . 
  germany does not claim that back . 
   what if i told you that the soviets were worse than the nazis in this country and they occupied the country before the nazis ? 
  unless you were a jew . 
  the soviets were harsh occupiers but they were n't genocidal . 
  the baltics have a lot to complain about soviet times , but that does n't excuse the apologist/revisionist history surrounding wwii . 
  aka `` disregard your own policies and risk position to make it convenient for our friends and relatives to go to their homes , asset-hiding countries and vacation spots in western europe or we will make life difficult for all of your citizens who want to come to russia , including those investors cited elsewhere in this post . '', 
  there are tensions over the use of polish letters and language in the baltics ( more so in estonia but also in lithuania ) and the identity of `` poles '' in the region ( are they poles whose identity and culture needs to be respected ? 
  polinized locals who need to be encouraged to adopt their original culture ? 
  a threat in a region where the titular majority population is already small ? 
  an oppressed minority ? ) . 
  this drives relations between the states such much that it is resulting in real life policy detrimental to all four countries ( for example energy development projects with russia rather than each other ) . 
  no one is considering war or ethnic cleansing though , which might have been the response to a similar situation a century ago . 
  [ more information on the topic ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/21549987 ) [ spilling over into international military cooperation ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/easternapproaches/2012/04/poland-lithuania ), 
  in addition to the geographic points mentioned by nicasciu , greec\u0435 is attractive because it 's easier to get/buy/forge visas or to simply sneak in than it is for western european countries . 
  the hope is to then go somewhere better from greece , or even if you ca n't , it 's still better than congo ( either of them ) . 
  it 's funny that you say that , because i came here to complain about the opposite , namely that any country in good standing at the un ( not too high a bar to reach ) can assume roles of responsibility , for example when countries with terrible humans rights records get on the human rights council . 
  tl ; dr the un gives individual member states too little and too much power . 
  with a mindset like that i 'm not surprised that poor african students who ca n't win acceptance to universities in better places are the only ones who try to come to your pure land . 
  they do if they want to do business or transfer funds through the us . 
  most companies think its worth it to comply , or avoid dealing with people or firms that would require compliance . 
  i am not aware of any major fis that do not . 
  us law also requires foreign banks with us account holders to do a fair bit of reporting , and many do . 
  other refuse to work with americans on certain account types or transactions . 
  citibank dubai for example . 
  some swiss banks as well . 
  what 's your schedule for coming to moscow ? 
  i regret that i have but one upvote for this . 
  the suffering was very real and deserves full consideration and respect , but it does n't negate the rest of history . 
  eh , it would be if most of it were n't empty/unused . 
  instead of an impression grandeur , one gets the feeling that someone was trying to look like something they were n't and wasted a lot of money and effort doing so . 
  nope , not at all . 
  the church is anti-abortion , anti-premarital sex , and anti-divorce . 
  if people were following the church they would be getting married even earlier to avoid premarital sex , and they would then have more children , and not divorce . 
  instead , they are having premarital sex , having small families ( one , maybe two children . 
  [ 1.4 is the average ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sp.dyn.tfrt.in ) ) and [ a large number divorce ] ( http://articles.nydailynews.com/2010-12-21/entertainment/27085086_1_divorce-rate-marital-relations-russia ) . 
  as the map shows , they also have many abortions . 
  the real reason is legacy of the soviet union , where other birth control methods were hard to come by in any sort of reliable and regular manner but abortions were readily available and free , and presented as a purely medical issue . 
  abortions are still perceived that way far more than they are in the west . 
  at the same time , birth control remains expensive , there are popular beliefs that the hormones in birth control pills can damage a woman 's health and there is a [ cultural bias against condoms ] ( http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/bpl/sifp/2008/00000039/00000001/art00001 ) ( this last issue is also a problem when combating stds ) . 
  as i mentioned above , people want smaller families as well . 
  the end result is that women get pregnant more often than do women in the west , and when they do , they are more likely to have an abortion . 
  tl ; dr abortion rates in the fsu are the result mostly of policies of the atheist ussr supported by curent cultural trends , and are the opposite of what the orthodox church wants and promotes . 
  it 's called l'autre , but i do n't know if there is an online version of their menu . 
  you would be disappointed anyway - the cuisine is less polish-mexican fusion and more separate polish and mexican items on the menu . 
  the story i was told was that the restaurant was originally just polish , but many years ago the mexican embassy was smaller and did not have its own chef . 
  there were also no mexican restaurants in london . 
  the embassy therefore contracted the near-by polish restaurant to provide mexican food to them and provided recipes to do so . 
  the restaurant added a few to their menu , and the mexican side of things took off from there . 
  if you are in london you can check them out in person : http://shepherdmarket.co.uk/fooddrink.htm, 
  in case i am wrong and just somehow missed the good things , could you please recommend : 1 . 
  three good english ( or british ) dishes 2 . 
  three good english ( or british ) restaurants , ideally in london . 
  that makes it sound like it was some of the scandinavians who settled in the baltics . 
  no , i really really tried to like british food . 
  but for every half-decent cornish pasty i bought on the street there was a `` ploughman 's '' plate of a baguette too hard to eat and a giant chuck of ok cheese . 
  i 've had plenty of `` ok '' british meals , but i 'm hard-pressed to remember any that i had that were truly fantastic . 
  i can say that i 've had some fantastic indian meals in london , however . 
  there is even a mexican-polish restaurant that put on a good dinner . 
  i would also argue that dual-citizenship can extend beyond the practical and fair and into the emotional . 
  i am a dual citizen and grew up in both countries ( plus saudi arabia where i knew more expats than i did citizens ) .
