  just give the guy a different scarf and move on . 
  france : * the intervention in mali * the hostage crisis in algeria * the weather, 
  [ collonges-la-rouge ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/collonges-la-rouge ) is a fucking awesome looking village in france . 
  check out the photos . 
  [ video for this picture ] ( http://www.ina.fr/histoire-et-conflits/autres-conflits/video/i00012031/francois-mitterrand-et-helmut-kohl-main-dans-la-main.fr.html ) for those interested . 
  comment in french but the guy does n't say anything special , he just describes that it 's a `` strong moment '' . 
  this takes place on the site of the battlefield of [ verdun ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_verdun ) , which was one of the bloodiest battles in ww1 and in human history . 
  the number of casualties is sickening . 
  such a waste . 
  hey , i used this pic on reddit like a week ago . 
  copying me . 
  without wanting to generalize , france having a very professional army , they do tend to behave well . 
  i knew this french guy serving in afghanistan , and apparently the french soldiers were appalled at how american soldiers sometimes treated the population . 
  no matter what people say , in the end the french are much less arrogant than americans are in general . 
  they do n't come to a country as conquerors or self proclaimed bosses . 
  they 're much more culturally aware . 
  and their army acts more professional and responsible than the thousands of uneducated kids the us army sends abroad . 
  yeah philosophy is its own course . 
  however , in high school in france , one can chose to either be in the scientific class ( which thus focuses more on sciences ) , economics , or literary . 
  in scientific , we just have four hours of philosophy class a week . 
  in literary there 's a lot more hours and its coefficient at the exam is huge . 
  it does tend to be somewhat of a fun class , at least in scientific ( what i did ) because it does n't count for much so it was almost a nice break from our other courses . 
  however , trying to write an essay on a broad question like that for 3 to 4 hours is pretty painful . 
  in france , one common subject of interest each year ( relayed by the media ) is the philosophy subjects for the high school graduation exams . 
  it obviously changes each year . 
  in 2012 , the philosophy subjects were , depending on which classes one has : * is it our duty to search for truth ? 
  * would we be freer without a state ? 
  * what do we get from working ? 
  * are all beliefs contrary to reason ? 
  * do natural desires exist ? 
  * is working only about being useful ? 
  pick one subject . 
  you 're expected to write a 4 page essay at least . 
  you have three hours . 
  have fun . 
  yeah , before posting this i looked through rt too , and english sources for the sake of reddit , and could n't find anything either . 
  one would think this would be a big enough deal for it to be mentioned elsewhere ... maybe le figaro got a wrong tip on that one , or we 'll just need to wait and see . 
  here 's a short summary of the article for those who do n't understand french or do n't trust google translate : russia , which publicly supported the french intervention says it will send an antonov 124 plane and ground troops of the 224th air detachment to mali . 
  this comes as a surprise considering its stance of non-intervention in syria . 
  in response , the russian government says it 's acting under un and african union decisions . 
  trainers could be sent to mali , but not to aid france , but the malian government itself , a semantic detail which is `` very important for moscow '' and may hide strategic interests . 
  russian corporations fear a destabilization of the region . 
  during soviet times , mali is the francophone african country which had the closest ties with the ussr . 
  the ussr had exploited a gold mine there , today closed . 
  other russian corporations have important economic interests in the neighboring countries of mali . 
  the perspective of military aid has nonetheless garnered criticisms from a popular russian newspaper , which is surprised that `` the russian military budget is used to finance a war of invasion of france in africa '' . 
  what 's the propaganda ? 
  it 's just footage ... 
  those nigerian soldiers shown in the video report are acting kind of ridiculous . 
  at least their spirits seem high . 
  blasphemy laws are the stupidest idea ever . 
  much worse than hate speech laws . 
  we 'd effectively not be allowed to criticize anything religious . 
  it 's true we ca n't afford foreign wars alone , especially during our current crisis , so it 's good that countries like the uk , germany , denmark and others are offering logistical support - which is basically a financial help because it allows france to not spend more on transport . 
  the us potentially offering drones would be more than a financial help , because indeed france does n't have the drone technology the us has . 
  otherwise or however , i do think that if another eu country provided ground troops it would be a major relief , at least symbolically . 
  the intervention has only been going on for a week now , so it may be too early to say , but for now france clearly does n't want to commit its army fully into this , and is rather hoping to share the burden of actual ground troops . 
  i 'm no geopolitics major , and i realize merkel has elections to worry about , but i feel that what could send a strong message of european unity and cooperation would be to send in the [ franco-german brigade ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-german_brigade ) , at least in the safe zones of southern mali as backup security . 
  in the end , i wish the experienced british could show up but i realize they 're busy in afghanistan , and in the end , that franco-german brigade holds a hugely symbolic message and could strengthen the already close ties between france and germany , and by extension show that the eu is an actual thing . 
  in iraq ? 
  we opposed the war in iraq . 
  that 's where we were . 
  the uk however , were in the us ' pocket for that one . 
  i 'll give you that . 
  wow . 
  i had no idea . 
  thanks for informing me and i 'll be sure to read more about the soviet invasion of afghanistan in the future . 
  sorry for my ignorance . 
  i 'm always happy to be corrected . 
  the soviets fought all of afghanistan and wanted to make the country a province . 
  after the soviets left , the country was a mess and basically a civil war between the taliban and the other mujahideen in the north . 
  the northern mujahideen had been asking us and western assistance against the taliban for decades , and only got it after 9/11 . 
  the northern mujahideen tribes are still to this day the coalition 's allies in afghanistan against the taliban . 
  basically , there is a huge difference between the soviet invasion , and the us intervention in afghanistan . 
  yeah , it 's definitely a win-win . 
  that , and the fact that , i believe , the ffl headquarters has trials for dozens of applicants from all over the world almost every single day of the year . 
  they have so many applicants that they get to reject the great majority of them and only keep the best humanity can offer in terms of fighting spirit and strength . 
  recruiters must have a field day . 
  they do n't even need to make add campaigns for it - people still flow in for the prestige . 
  i agree with you . 
  i was for the rebellion a year ago when it was just about the tuareg having their independent state . 
  but their rebellion was `` hijacked '' by islamists , and many tuaregs opposing the `` islamisation '' of the conflict were killed , and the situation changed . 
  now the secular tuareg are starting to support/talk with the french and malian government , because they do n't like the islamists either . 
  afghanistan was n't an illegal conflict . 
  not at all actually . 
  iraq was . 
  people tend to confuse these wars too much . 
  well , from day one france has been happy to accept whatever kind of support it could get . 
  unfortunately , the only support it 's getting is logistics and intelligence . 
  france entered the war after an entire year of mali begging for help , and only reluctantly because the situation was suddenly catastrophic when the rebels decided to push further south . 
  but france does n't want to commit itself fully on this , and would rather other countries offer firepower as well . 
  france especially wants african countries to do the reconquering of northern mali . 
  otherwise they 're being very cautious with the conflict , but it seems the situation may force it to go all in , or suffer the humiliation of just backing off if no one else helps and if mali 's neighbors continue to be so damn slow about sending troops to pacify their own region . 
  i 'm saying this cause the french government did state that it does n't intend to stay there forever , they said `` a matter of weeks '' . 
  but that will only be possible if the neighbors step up . 
  if france remains the only army there that is n't totally useless , they 'll eventually be sick of having to do most of the dirty work . 
  i agree with you but here 's my position . 
  countries that actually have an army which is n't sunk elsewhere ( afghanistan . . ) could perhaps send in a division of soldiers ( just one , which hardly represents a small percentage of all troops ) under french ( or nato ) command . 
  we 'll handle the costs if need be , but we 'd all feel better as allies if there were n't just french soldiers there . 
  i 'm sure many eu countries have fresh elite divisions in dire need of experience .
