  we 're actually culturally so close , there 's hardly any culture shock or home sickness between us . 
  they get it . 
  when they come to france , they 're just visiting their back yard . 
  they know where they are , they 're not overtly eager , or oblivious tourists . 
  they just came to france for some reason . 
  maybe some family visit . 
  or for the paris marathon . 
  or just cause they had a free week-end . 
  i 'm not sure if you got the reference from my last comment . 
  it was a quote from a famous piece of literature . 
  since you 're a dane , i 'll post another quote from the same author , which you might know this time : to be or not to be . 
  that is the question . 
  or : something is rotten in the state of denmark . 
  the eu is also based on common ideals . 
  western ideals , based on enlightenment , human rights , and dare i say it , civilizational concepts which include christendom ( disclaimer : i 'm an atheist ) . 
  canada is much closer to europe in terms of civilization than morocco . 
  morocco is clearly in the arabic/muslim sphere of influence . 
  the compatibility would be truly difficult . 
  one might mention albania , which for purely geographical reasons have a strong claim for being in the eu , although it 's a majority muslim country . 
  but albania , although muslim , is an integral part of european civilization , participated in it , not to mention they 're fairly secular , and anyway they 're small enough to be easily politically integrated . 
  what 's in a name ? 
  a rose by any other name would smell a sweet . 
  cyprus . 
  anyway , ultimately i agree . 
  but cyprus . 
  poland sharing the burden of accusations of neocolonialism . 
  you have truly become european < 3, 
  even if it were remotely true , that a pole influenced napoleon into invading russia , they do know that russia started right ? 
  russia , prussia and austria had divided poland between themselves ( effectively making poland cease to exist ) a couple decades earlier ... 
  yes i also proposed that translation somewhere in this thread , but it 's still not exactly the same . 
  something can be awkward without being strictly embarrassing ( = g\u00eanant ) . 
  oh yeah , the french for `` uncomfortable '' ( inconfortable ) can also be a possibly good translation for `` awkward '' , but it 's still not satisfying for every context . 
  one would have to chose between this , or `` g\u00eanant '' ( bothersome/embarrassing ) , `` embarrassant '' , `` bizarre '' and other similar words depending on the context of the us of `` awkward '' . 
  there are a few words which can be used in a translation of awkward , all depending on the context , like `` bizarre '' , `` embarrassant '' , `` g\u00eanant '' . . etc. . but none are satisfying to me . 
  i disagree . 
  i think it 's a fairly good translation for the english `` embarrassing '' ( though in french it does have more applications ) , but i rarely can use it for `` awkward '' , i find . 
  darn , i just posted a similar comment for french . 
  same in french . 
  no correct word for `` awkward '' , which is a shame cause that 's such a great word to decribe a very common and precise thing . 
  i never can find the right word for `` awkward '' in french . 
  there are some possible candidates , but none very satisfying . 
  only the first generation immigrants , and the second generation maybe can speak the language if it 's spoken at home . 
  the language and particularisms rapidly disappear after a couple of generations . 
  it 's pretty much exactly the same in europe , which also has immigrants from all over , including from all other european countries , so the us is n't at all different in that regard . 
  as for traditional holidays and festivities , saint patrick 's day , mardi gras and whatnot , it 's hardly practiced `` traditionally '' in the us . 
  i do largely acknowledge though that the us has its unique , native cultures ( midwestern farmer , souther rednecks , black baptists ... etc. . ) which are very different . 
  but even they have very similar references historically , culturally . . etc. 
  there 's no doubt that europe is massively more diverse . 
  here in france i do n't think the gendarmerie does anything the police could n't . 
  the gendarmerie is more associated with rural areas . 
  they also have counter-terrorist units ( elite intervention units like the gign ) , and riot units . 
  if the national police force had the additional budget otherwise given to the gendarmerie , i 'm pretty sure they could have the same thing and do all this themselves . 
  well , maybe it 's fine that the elite intervention and counter-terrorism units are part of the army ( which is what the gendarmerie is ) , but for the rest i do n't see the point . 
  then again , i 'm no specialist on the question . 
  if another frenchman or anyone else can explain to me in what way the gendarmerie is more competent than the common municipal or national police for training riot cops , i 'd love an explanation . 
  i 've heard though , that if you want to complain of ill-treatment or fraud by the police , it 's good to go to the gendarmerie , and vice-versa . 
  i 've also heard , however , that gendarmerie officers in some remote villages in france are like the kings of their town , like corrupt sheriffs . 
  there 's only one frenchman here who 's very defensive . 
  i 'm the second frenchman , who wrote only one other comment in this thread , and it was perfectly reasonable , 
  that 's like saying that the holocaust was france 's fault , because of the treaty of versailles . 
  what the rwandan president is saying would be similar to merkel saying it was france 's fault for the nazis and the holocaust , thus shifting the blame and denying their own responsibility . 
  the reason why the rwandan president is blaming france for the genocide the rwandan people committed to eachother is to have a scapegoat , and thus reinforce rwandan reconciliation . 
  `` you did n't kill eachother !, 
  france made us do it ! '' . 
  the reason why many westerners and `` whiteys '' agree with your point of view is not only for some sort of `` white guilt '' , but also ironically because they 're paternalist . 
  it 's like africans ca n't make their own decisions , they 're always influenced by superior others into doing terrible things . 
  africans are too innocent to do these things themselves , they 're like children , and they were just puppets . 
  my thought on this ( from what you 've said ) , is that it 's fine for someone to enjoy sex and all , but the act is an intimate one , and yet there 's no way that person could remember the names , or just slightly remember each actual individual 153 people they had sex with . 
  it 's kind of sad and makes the whole thing somewhat impersonal and `` unattractive '' in a way . 
  so , sex and one night stands are fine - for men and women . 
  but when it comes to those numbers , it 's just grotesque . 
  i mean , if someone claimed to have 153 good friends , i 'd have a similar reaction of rejection to the claim - it 's just a number beyond human scale . 
  if we lived in a society where sex was as open as any other activity , i guess this could be fine . 
  but we do live in a society with social rules and conduct . 
  one might deplore it , one might want to be `` alternative '' and whatnot , but ultimately , it 's understandable that we 'd consider such people ( who have had that many sexual partners ) to be socially questionable . 
  do n't they develop any feelings for someone ? 
  i 've had a couple one night stands , or similar very quick relationships with women i knew i 'd never see again ( tourists for example . . ) . 
  but i 'd like to think i was still a special `` adventure '' for them , as much as they were for me . 
  if i were one in 150 ... that would just be demeaning to me . 
  like she has no tastes , and would bed with anyone . 
  it 's not very complimentary . 
  it 's the case . 
  all public schools offer a choice between two courses . 
  the silhouette is rectangular , with a flat top and all , though sure , the actual design is not . 
  but close enough . 
  ok , sure they 're not like the twin towers in design , but they undoubtedly remind one of the twin towers as two rectangular-shaped tours standing as a couple next to each other , and largely standing out compared to the rest of the cityscape . 
  two twin towers like that is n't very common , so it 's hard not to make the comparison . 
  the shard may be overtaken in a few years by [ this project ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hermitage_plaza ) in france , which looks surprisingly like the world trade center 's twin towers . 
  i assumed it was a joke . 
  it 's just another racist joke . 
  i knew antisemites who would say `` shalom '' to eachother to joke . 
  also , saying it 's pious to go to the `` land of the pyramids '' was also a joke ( they laughed at that ) , as if they were some pagans . 
  good thing for us , napoleon was a long time ago , so we can just brush off all those pesky `` return stolen art '' whiners . 
  come visit the louvre btw !, 
  yeah , there 's april fools in france . 
  when we 're kids , we stick paper fish on people 's backs and yell `` poisson d'avril !!! '', 
  ( fish of april ) . 
  `` fish of april '' is supposed to be yelled any time a prank is fulfilled on april fool 's day : http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/poisson_d%27avril, 
  ha , op is croatian and according to the map , croatia is practically just at the right actual time . 
  anyway , i hate to say it , but it seems like france and spain should definitely switch to the british time .
