   it is formed by groups that offer political , social and cultural activities which means surely far left , anarchist or marxist rhetoric , and knowing these groups , probably little room for other politics . 
  say things how they truly are . 
  because fascists in rome do the same thing , squats , and they 're good at it and also offer `` political , social and cultural activities '' , but without further description it always sounds good . 
  i know russia are the bad guys , but it does n't change the fact that european countries acted in a fairly reckless manner , like amateurs in geopolitics , meddling in a country that crazy russia considers its turf . 
  it was n't tactful in the slightest sense , like they did n't even consider the possibility of russia . 
  that 's surely because the eu is such a soft power that they ca n't think like hard powers think . 
  no need to downvote me for saying the truth . 
  she 's not entirely wrong , and is n't the first politician from different countries of europe and north america who consider that the eu and some countries were too bold in trying to integrate ukraine too fast without even thinking that russia might not be pleased about it . 
  seeing the [ claimed new russia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:claimed_new_russia.png ) had me thinking . 
  russia does n't like having an open plain as a border to its west , as it has always made it easy for armies to just march in unencumbered . 
  that 's why they like ukraine on their side , as it 's a buffer which itself more or less borders the carpathians . 
  so f i were russia facing the loss of ukraine as an ally , i 'd at least want to extend russia to the dnieper river as a strategic border , though kiev is a problem in this scenario . 
  yup . 
  but naturally we can get some overview of religions in history classes , if it 's pertinent to the lesson . 
   one protester said `` it 's important to get the message across to everybody that it 's okay to vote against the system but you must do it intelligently . '', 
  basically they 're saying they 're the only intelligent vote ... 
  the picture featured in the article has npa flags , which is a trotskist far left party which now counts for little to nothing . 
  it 's unsurprising that they could hardly rally beyond their militants . 
  there are much more people opposed to the fn than 4000 people . 
  but there 's just little drive to protest about a democratic election which people believe does n't have much impact , and which people ignored . 
  the thing is that france is a major arms dealer , but its largest market is with `` suspicious '' countries , as the us among others often put all their weight , sometimes using quasi-blackmail strategies , to win the larger weapons deals with friendly nations . 
  and while france is in the eu , it has its own relatively strong foreign policy . 
  it could n't give two shits about some `` damaged reputation '' , compared to the billions in profits from arms dealing . 
  so if it does n't respect this deal , it will loose its reputation amongst its clients , and perhaps loose most of its market . 
  also , there 's no reason for france to be the only country carrying alone on its weight a major sanction against russia . 
  let 's be serious here , russia suffered no serious sanction . 
  why should france carry it alone ? 
  especially considering its very limited interest in ukraine . 
  there are countries in europe , including germany , which from the start were much more reluctant on sanctioning russia ... also , ultimately , russia 's navy is mostly just for show . 
  it has no access to large warm seas . 
  the danes ( + nato ) and turks can easily block any western expansion by sea , and russia can practically be considered landlocked , relative to its world power ambitions . 
  most if not all countries russia is susceptible to invade would be by land ( baltics , kazakhstan , caucasus ... ) . 
  good thing `` french fries '' are only called that way in the us then , because that shit would be embarrassing , and not for the french . 
  we know fries are belgian . 
  and damn , there 's no comparison . 
  fookin ' belgians know how to cook fries . 
  even the humble street stands make better fries than anything that exists in other countries . 
  middle class eastern european citizens can certainly afford vacations in their own country or in neighboring countries with an equivalent or lower standard of living - or in more expensive countries occasionally , if they save up . 
  lower class western european citizens who ca n't afford vacations are certainly included in that percentage . 
  and they , as well as the unemployed , are numerous enough to count . 
  they used to . 
  he was actually quite popular during the war , and shortly after . 
  there 's a reason why de gaulle spared him from execution . 
  `` they 're responsible for a majority of crime '' is surely the most important argument . 
  if all immigrants were as discreet and seemingly law-abiding as asian immigrants , none of the far right parties would get half of their electorate . 
  are there no gross kebab places in vienna ? 
  in paris you have one chance out of two to get something with horrendous meat which will annihilate your digestive system . 
  that 's why if the meat on that stick is n't nicely grilled and good looking , i wo n't risk it and i 'll take the `` steak kebab '' , which replaces the kebab lamb meat with a couple ground beef steaks . 
  finally we had a land bridge to invade britain and bypass their damn navy . 
  happy day for all frenchmen !, 
  more seriously though that was a sweet moment captured on film . 
  no , there was a similar poll done in france and a slight majority in france answered they 'd accept the incorporation of wallonia into france . 
  and anyway , i do n't think the government would ask the people . 
  they 'll just take it . 
  actually the two little german-speaking regions of belgium are contiguous to germany . 
  luxembourg is n't in the way . 
  source map : http://languagemaps.files.wordpress.com/2012/11/belgium15.png, 
  yup , that 's it . 
  yeah , he just went up a little in the esteem i had for him . 
  ai n't no president of france if he does n't act like a king . 
   wearing a french beret , with a bottle of red wine in one hand , and wide selection of continental cheeses in his other i would n't expect less from anyone . 
  each time this subject comes up , there 's always a comment like yours , which showcases a very deep , if not worrying misunderstanding of what these people are about . 
  because your comment/thoughts are totally impertinent . 
  to take the most extreme historical example ; hitler was quite fond of mussolini , and considered him a good friend . 
  otherwise , there 's no irony or contradiction in far-right leaders being friends , allies , or trying to work together . 
  i remember being subscribed to some kid 's channel from the caucasus . 
  i think he was azeri , and he 'd mostly talk about caucasus geopolitics . 
  i forgot the name of the channel , as i unsubscribed when it seemed too biased to me . 
  i ca n't seem to find it again on youtube : s, 
  heh , funny how youtubers get emotional about reddit comments , as if they did n't already have enough on their hands from the youtube comments themselves . 
  well later on i 'm willing to explain my comment if that 's your wish . 
  but it seems fairly obvious to me . 
  it 's not the first amateur geopolitics youtube channel . 
  they 're all like this . 
  then again , to the video 's credit , it 's surely hard to summarize modern europe in a 4 minute video . 
  their first video on europe is totally smug , short sighted and diminishing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gadla7c5nbq, 
  well similarly , i would n't want these far left guys to be in power either , as i fear they would have little patience for anyone who disagrees with them . 
  putting `` fascists , neonazis '' as examples of far right is quite cheeky of you . 
  it 's like if you put '' ( stalinist ) '' for the far left . 
  most parties qualified as far right , especially in western europe , do n't identify at all with those descriptions , not to mention their political program is n't remotely authoritarian , let alone remotely close to the level of authoritarianism as classic fascism . 
  one can argue that they 're hiding their inherent fascism , but that 's an opinion you should n't have imposed on us . 
  try to be more objective and intelligent about it next time . 
  i 've handled many of such coins , but i do think they 're produced in france so it 's unsurprising . 
  i have something similar than your `` andorra in summer '' . 
  ( though i 'm personally surprised that it 's empty in summer ) . 
  when i was a kid my family had a vacation home in a french pyrenees town called luchon . 
  in winter everyone goes there for skiing , and in summer there are still quite a few tourists because it has famous thermal baths or something . 
  but i 've been there during autumn holidays and it was unusually ( to me ) empty . 
  i wonder how the tourist shops survive during most of the year where they probably do n't see a single client all day . 
  they surely must save a lot from the tourist period . 
  anyway , that 's cheating because it 's in my country ( france ) , so anyway , from that town , we walked up a mountain and crossed the border in the pyrenees to a tiny mountain spanish town , which surprisingly had one family restaurant . 
  we were the only ones around it seemed ( apart from the restaurant owners ) . 
  actually , i 've noticed that it 's one of these things that , under good conditions ( like a high visibility thread in a popular subreddit ) , reddit will largely defend , and the comment section will be overwhelmed with people saying they loved it , and that everyone was nice , and that they do n't understand the stereotype . . etc. 
  of course there will still be some negative comments , but they 're mostly drowned . 
   farage specifically campaigned on not joining a group with the fn in the parliament and was questionned on this repeatedly during the campaign was that really that important an issue ? 
  i 'm surprised that the fn would be that famous in the uk that it 's part of the political debate there . 
  sure , but if the blank vote manages to get past in second turn ( which is very plausible ) , it will surely win . 
  no doubt about it . 
  so then what do we do ? 
  start over with different candidates ?
