  i 'd love to go there . 
  yeah , i 'm sure grimbergen is n't the best beer around . 
  but as i said , i 'm no `` connaisseur '' , so when it comes to commercial beers , i like the grimbergen . 
  but i know fuck all :p, 
  the best beer in france is belgian beer  more seriously , the most popular french beer is kronenbourg , or 1664 ( same company ) . 
  but everyone agrees it 's piss . 
  i was surprised to learn it 's one of the popular cheap beers in many other countries . 
  i do n't know which is the best french beer really . 
  i 'm sure there 's very good french beer , lesser known brewers , but i 'm not that much of a `` connaisseur '' in beer . 
  the beers i like are rather famous and not french . 
  my favorite is grimbergen . 
  so that 's what you like about switzerland ? 
  her speech reminds me of sarkozy 's speech to congress : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlt2ge4eyo4 major - but necessary - ass-licking , and congress constantly clapping when their ass is being licked :p, 
  un film de [ jean-jacques annaud ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean-jacques_annaud ) : [ la guerre du feu - quest for fire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quest_for_fire_%28film%29 ) ( no language , all in invented prehistoric languages , no subtitles ) et bien s\u00fbr , les films de [ jean-pierre jeunet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean-pierre_jeunet ) : [ am\u00e9lie ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/am%c3%a9lie ) [ delicatessen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delicatessen_%28film%29 ) [ the city of lost children ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_city_of_lost_children ) and the very first adaptation of [ beauty and the beast ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beauty_and_the_beast_%281946_film%29 ) ( 1946 ) by jean cocteau . 
  then the french ( like besson , and annaud ) have made many films in the english language which the uninformed would probably think are american or british films . 
  i 'm sorry i 'll sound like a giant dick probably , but i think you are the typical example of the quasi-mental affliction that touches westerners , and west europeans especially . 
  you 're not rooting for your own `` team '' , you actively advocate for weakening your own damn country , and thus your own interest and that of your people . 
  it 's similar to such things as `` white guilt '' ( i 'm not saying that 's what you have , but it 's in the same family of afflictions ) , or masochism . 
  i 'm all for helping develop the eu , making it strong . 
  i love all european countries , and wish that we boost their economy , and reinforce our ties , as we are stronger together , but not at the blatant expense of my own country , and my own interests . 
  i 'm not advocating crushing others , but rather genuinely helping them whilst maintaining our position that we earned throughout history . 
  a position we may loose in the future , but that we 'll certainly not loose by our own self-flagellation . 
  and i 'll add that , if the entire world was all so nice and weak , sure , lets cut up germany , and france , and the uk , and have our little eu of tiny defenseless regions . 
  but already now all the other powers are walking all over us , although the eu is way richer than everyone else . 
  good thing at least the uk and france have a strong military , and germany is still a massively important and respected economic power , because the only thing stopping the eu from being truly trampled by countries such as russia , china , the usa , is that it has at least three countries which remain relevant in economic and military terms . 
  cut them up , and we 're just like the holy roman empire in the early 19th century . 
  a joke . 
  how else can we work against your interests and that of your country ? 
  you seem very keen on that . 
  maybe i 'll just sound like an ass here , but this sounds like a very leftist thing to do ( am i wrong ? 
  ) , so i would n't trust one of these guys to vote for merkel , or other conservatives , or hell , the npd , if a foreigner tells them to . 
  then again , the idea seems so leftist that most respondents are probably leftists too , so the dilemma for those germans would be rare . 
  in france we say hitting water with a sword ( `` un coup d'\u00e9p\u00e9e dans l'eau '' ) . 
  i 'd actually rather see eurosceptics flock to this kind of site . 
  eurosceptics , i mean the real militant ones , are among the most fervent votes in european elections and the internet . 
  it 's kind of the same for the far right . 
  internet polls like this will be linked on far right sites , and thousands of people will go there to vote for their far right party . 
  however , in this case you 're saved , since the eu far right is n't united , so there 's nothing for the far right to vote for on this poll . 
  anyway , sorry , but i do n't want to create an account just to vote on some random site . 
  exactly my thought . 
  he just repeated the article 's argument , which makes me wonder if he read it . 
  unless he 's just kind enough to summarize it for the rest of us :p, 
  yeah , i 'm french but my mother 's american . 
  my mother would surely say she 's norwegian american , because she 's half norwegian in terms of ancestry . 
  but she 's also a quarter danish , an eighth german , and an eighth english . 
  but since she says she 's only norwegian , all the other ancestries simply disappear , and that 's just because they happen to be more distant backgrounds , thus more mixed , so they dilute eachother . 
  maybe france can rent some . 
  we do n't have enough space in our prisons , so instead criminals get suspended sentences . . 
  by raising taxes and distracting us with foreign wars ... oh , but recently there were talks about pushstarting big projects , in engineering and technology . 
  i can never spell the name without checking it . 
  there 's this french movie called `` vent d'est '' , with malcolm mcdowell no less , about the apparently true story of how after ww2 liechtenstein harbored `` russian '' ss soldiers ( estonians , finns ... ) , who had joined to fight the bolcheviks , who were fleeing certain execution from the soviet army , and this despite the pressure of the soviets to tiny liechtenstein . 
  anyway , alpine country , small , high living standards , german speaking . 
  the houses will build themselves , when the only cheap places in the paris region will be in the distant suburbs with difficult access . 
  i agree that many transfers in paris involve walking through a maze of tunnels , however chatelet-les halles is a bad example , simply because i believe it 's the biggest station in europe ( and it 's actually the combination of two stations : chatelet and les halles ) , so you 're bound to have a huge network of endless tunnels there . 
  but admittedly , other stations like montparnasse , or saint lazare , also have annoyingly long tunnels for transfers . 
  the paris underground is like swiss cheese . 
  with the metro lines , the closed lines , and the catacombs , it 's full of holes . 
  maybe one day the whole city will collapse :p, 
  as soon as seine saint denis is more accessible by train , there will be gentrification ( `` bobo\u00efsation '' ) , and paris ' difficult suburb will just slowly but surely move elsewhere ( perhaps further away from paris ) and the whole process will start over again :p, 
  the fact they made mafia movies possible . 
  anyway , the ancient history , the `` art de vivre '' , the food , monica bellucci ... 
  my american mother was stripped from her american citizenship ( although born there ) when she took the french citizenship and married my father . 
  she got her american citizenship back in the reagan years ( i think ) when the us accepted dual citizenship . 
  point being , one can be stripped of his citizenship , if he 's a dual citizen . 
  if there 's one thing paris got right , it 's the metro and general public transportation . 
  from maps of other metros i 've seen in other cities , paris surely has one of the most inclusive and developed metros . 
  they 're everywhere in paris , and there is constant construction of new stations , including in the suburbs . 
  that 's why one does n't need a car in paris . 
  for other parisians here , i do n't get the rer e ( west of paris ) which passes by sartrouville , la d\u00e9fense and nanterre ... 
  there 's already the rer a that passes by those towns . 
  i find it surprising they 're building metros which are exclusively outside of paris . 
  normally , outside of paris it 's the train , the `` rer '' . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  well , when the french intervened in spain in the 1820s , they were n't invading spain , they were the allies of the spanish crown against the spanish republicans in their civil war . 
  so one transported there , although he sees the french army , the french army was n't the ultimate authority where it went , since it recognized the land as spain 's . 
  it 's as if a color for the us was drawn in normandy in 1944 . 
  now , you may say the us was the ultimate authority then , but in that case , there is contradiction because a color for the us , or britain for that matter , does n't appear . 
  that 's probably why jmlp avoided it , because he just focused on presidential elections . 
  but his daughter has a whole other strategy , and wants to conquer the local level , to better conquer the national level , and although there may be some financial risks , i think that if she truly wants power , that 's the way to go . 
  not to mention polls indicate the party will be fairly successful , at best for them they 'll gain a lot of towns , at worst they 'll divide the right , weakening the mainstream right , forcing them to make alliances with them . 
  in france , that party has the capacity to focus all eyes on itself , as it can make or break parties in some areas . 
  the mainstream right especially , is very bothered by this . 
  and if the mainstream right is eliminated first turn , much of the mainstream right vote will go to the fn , which could help it win against the mainstream left . 
  this map often comes back . 
  what i dislike about the map , is that it shows stretches of where an army crosses . 
  for example , you see a line of the color for france stretching to moscow during the napoleonic invasion of russia . 
  same goes for the french intervention in spain in the 1820s or something . 
  but those were n't annexations , those were armies passing by . 
  the map/video creator surely knows this , but i disagree with it being presented that way . 
  also there seems to be a contradiction . 
  while germany did occupy militarily all those lands during ww2 , france ( for example . . 
  i 'm speaking of what i know ) occupied , or was deeply in control of many territories/kingdoms during the napoleonic wars , yet they 're not represented as blatantly as when nazi germany did . 
  paris is nice the rare moments of snow ( unlikely in january , but it can happen ) , and when it 's dark because the monuments are lit up . 
  not to mention christmas decorations , 
  you still may as well see paris . 
  just get there in the morning through the eurostar ( the channel train ) , visit the main sites , sleep one night at a hostel , visit some more the next day , and leave for brussels or something in mid-afternoon , and drink a beer and have some fries for dinner there , then you can access the benelux touristic areas easily . 
  it would at least give you a feeling of paris before you decide to go back to spend more time there , knowing a bit more what to expect . 
  it 's also so convenient to be in london and just take the eurostar , you may as well take advantage of the easy access from london . 
  i 'm often still stuck in a cold war mindset , and i skip central europe , and would thus divide europe like this : http://i.imgur.com/muzjb5y.gif but if i really try to be closer to the reality of modern times , i 'd add central and change a few things with southern/eastern europe : http://i.imgur.com/hrmjptg.gif ( edit : actually maybe bulgaria would go to eastern ) . 
   selectively denying equal rights to a minority is extremist .
