  sorry for being the country that spends the most on the space program as well . 
  here 's the thing . 
  france always gets pointed out for the cap thing , like there 's a trend that most of europe needs a country to blame . 
  france ? 
  the way i see it is this : can we at least get one thing from europe ? 
  pretty please ? 
  it 's not too shabby to be food self-sufficient , and capable of actually feeding our smaller neighbors . 
  the irony is that the far right in france wants to leave the eu because we give more than we get back , arguing that without the eu we could give much more to our agriculture . 
  and the far right is the first party among farmers ... apparently the actual professionals in the business agree that the cap kind of sucks for them , even though the rest of europe says the cap is too good for france . 
  i personally do n't think there 's any threat to any national languages due to the importance of english . 
  in scandinavia for example , people speak english superbly well and could easily switch to english entirely , but they do n't , and they continue to speak their national languages with eachother . 
  the only threatened languages in europe are regional languages which are threatened by their countries ' main language ( which is n't english , except in the british isles ) . 
  ps : also , the expression is `` i could n't care less '' :p, 
  i realize this , but it 's still not the right way to go about it , especially when you immediately dismiss everyone else as `` mental '' and crazy or whatnot before anyone has even said anything . 
  and i do think you 're exaggerating . 
  apart from people that i 'd rather call trolls who get downvoted into oblivion , these threads simply generate some comments from people whom you do n't agree with , so you think you can just call them crazy for having a perfectly valid opinion . 
  i 'm not comparing it to breivik , i 'm saying of course we 'll have threads on current murder cases , and there 's no reason to discriminate on the stories just because you 're scared of spreading anti-islamist extremism . 
  and that story you linked happened in the us . 
  but i would n't whine if there were stories of christians beating their children to death in europe here . 
  it 's only normal that we discuss these things . 
  next time we have a breivik , [ i 'll bury it too ] ( http://tick-talker.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/see_no_evil_hear_no_evil_speak_no_evil_1.jpg ) so that left wing nutjobs do n't get another platform to spout their multikulti paradise ... . 
  fact is , this subreddit often posts articles on crimes relevant to our times . 
  this one is notable , even if a story like that appears in the media every other week . 
  we could probably post a dozen a day like that though . 
  '' [ un village fran\u00e7ais ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/un_village_fran%c3%a7ais ) '' is also one of the rare good french tv shows . 
  it takes place in a small village during the occupation in ww2 , and is pretty realistic with some collaborators who are essentially good people , others torn between resistance and passiveness . . etc. 
  it hardly tries to preach , that 's what i like about it . 
  i ca n't wait to see the last season where surely , people we like will be executed at the liberation , and women will be shaved . 
  girls with an italian accent speaking french . 
  no hesitation . 
  or like when americans and asgardians joined up to fight the goa'uld . 
  no worries . 
  as a frenchman i love the british first because we were war brothers first in crimea . 
  it 's a fascinating war , especially since it was pretty revolutionary in franco-british relations as it was one of the first times we were camping together in an important war , and we built mutual respect during it . 
  it eventually led to the entente cordiale , as we finally realized we had the same interests . 
  unfortunately , this war is n't taught enough , including in french schools . 
  edit : but we got dem ruskies good !, 
  i know ... but this accounts to historical areas where samis live and whatnot , and i think there are sufficient numbers of norwegian and swedish people living in the southern areas , making a big claim for that entire area flimsy . 
  not to mention if you check out the statistics for the proportion of sami speakers , those southern areas are very low . 
  fucking hate having to explain everything to people on reddit all the time ... 
  crimea . 
  you should have spotted this one man , we fought a [ massive war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_war ) there together  one of the first wars where we joined hands and have been allies ever since . 
  yeah , there is n't really . 
  actually , i think it 's a little `` stronger '' in the eastern half of the occitan area ( marseilles , montpellier , perhaps toulouse . . ) , but it 's still pretty insignificant . 
  also , may i add , this map is inconsistent . 
  it reunites northern ireland with the rest of ireland , however it makes the french alpine region of savoy an independent nation , although i believe the only ( very moderate ) will for separatism in savoy is to join switzerland . 
  same for moldovan transdrinieste ( or however you spell it ) to join the ukraine . 
  context ? 
  not that it 's acceptable . 
  that ambassador should be thrown out of the country asap , but i 'd still want to know what 's going on . 
  i do n't really know non-french politicians well enough to have an informed opinion be honest . 
  and , while i still vote in france , it 's usually by default and there is n't a particular politician that i like or would follow no matter what . 
  some are ok i guess , but i do n't like them enough to make them stand out . 
  what 's that spot in northern poland ? 
  normandy technically does n't have separatist groups - and the only ones who think it 's separate from the rest of france are non-french , and some occasional kid who thinks he 's more of a viking than a frenchman and who 's jumping on the brittany and corsica bandwagon thinking his identity is that much different ( though the only times i heard this was from french canadians of norman origins who claimed not being french cause they thought normans were somehow a totally different ethnicity ) . 
  the strongest pro-norman group is the [ mouvement normand ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/le_mouvement_normand ) which is far from being separatist . 
  normandy may have groups which may want more autonomy , but that 's also rare . 
  it can be explained because normandy does n't really have a claim for separatism other than the fact they have more viking blood than the rest of france , and a slightly different historical path a thousand years ago , like many french regions . 
  most groups just want reunification of both administrative divisions of normandy ( cause normandy is inexplicably divided into two regions - high and low normandy - it 's like if bavaria were separated in two states ) . 
  edit : of all things , french flanders ( north eastern france bordering flemish belgium ) could be justified in this map more than normandy , but it 's still not very convincing . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's shown on the map . 
  perhaps . 
  as for norway/sweden , i 'd believe the sami regions could n't really claim that far south , even if those are historical regions for samis , that was long ago . 
  belarus trying to copy russia in their `` hey !!, 
  you should know we 're a tax haven country '' campaign . 
   honestly , hollande could n't dream of a better outcome i think he would rather want the whole ordeal to blow off so his laws could pass without scandal . 
  while depardieu is surely the one looking more ridiculous and all , the fact that hollande 's tax laws are blowing up out of proportion and making france look ridiculous as a whole , and a place where the wealthy , even french , do n't want to live , is pretty much a bad thing to me . 
  and as president , hollande is france , and he receives the ridicule as the one responsible for so much drama . 
  i created [ a thread ] ( http://fr.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/157zg7/which_neighboring_european_country_would_you/ ) 15 days ago which was almost the same subject . 
  anyway , i 'd combine germany and austria . 
  in the end , i 'd combine a shit-ton of countries and redraw a lot of borders ... if i were emperor of the world . 
  i 've only visited denmark , spain , belgium and england :( i 'd have to say denmark , but spain is a close second . 
  well , apparently you do . 
  but if you want it back , we will not resist , it 's too pretty to be bombed . 
   even that nazi general agreed . 
  it 's not that they 're that bad in general - most arabs are fine . 
  it 's simply that they seemingly account for most petty crime , and are responsible for most fights and harassment . 
  whenever there 's some form of public party in paris , be it the techno parade , new years eve , music festivities , you know for sure that chances are high there 'll be some arab groups trying to fuck shit up and ruin the party for everyone else . 
  that 's systematic . 
  this is becoming comical . 
  if i were derpardieu at this stage where turning back is no longer possible , i 'd accept the russian citizenship . 
  apparently he has a good reputation and future there . 
  the guy who said this is eric zemmour . 
  that 's simply what he said , and i would n't be surprised at all if he were right . 
  there are no sources for it since france does n't keep ethnic statistics , however we do know 70 + % of prisoners are muslim . 
  it 's sad to say but any frenchman living in an urban area , if he 's not too pc for his own good , admits that 90 % of the time they get fucked with by `` youths '' , they happen to be arab , or otherwise black . 
  rarely white , practically never asian . 
  it 's a weird thing in france , because it 's very different to say , england . 
  in england , you have white youth gangs which account to a lot of hooliganism and crime . 
  in france , whites are relatively well behaved , and in my experience in paris , and according to my friends as well , 90 % of the time when one gets harassed or in fights , it 's by arab youths , or blacks to a lesser degree . 
  i 'm not trying to be racist here . 
  it 's simply a phenomenon which needs to be acknowledged . 
  before anyone starts calling me racist for acknowledging the obvious , go around in paris with some girls , and see who harass you for yourself . 
  if it 's groups of white guys it would be extremely surprising . 
  obviously , one can consider that there may be socio-economic reasons for this . 
  i think it 's more about a gang culture , and they should feel damn lucky to be here , cause france gives them more than enough chances to succeed , and we 're much too patient with them . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  all in all , there 's much more suing done in the us than anywhere else . 
  france is actually still a world power nonetheless , even though in recent years it had economic difficulties , and i honestly understand why defamation laws are acceptable , while in the us it seems political adds are all lies against their opponents - there needs to be something done about this when it comes to public defamation . 
  the baguettes are just misdirection , but in truth you 'd go for that ` stache .
