  the same goes for napoleon . 
  napoleon is mostly admired , or people do n't care anymore . 
  he 's very rarely hated as a historical figure . 
  however a politician would n't want to praise napoleon or the kings , because we 've moved past all this , and politicians know they have done some controversial things . 
  they 're now simply historical figures who represented their times , and have historically done good or bad things . 
  i see on the french netflix that i can get a month long free trial . 
  i know it does n't cost me anything , but i 'm kind of lazy , so i 'm wondering if it 's worth the trouble . 
  i see what you mean , but i feel french has quite a different sound than other romance languages too . 
  i mean the pronunciation of the `` r '' , and the existence of the nasal sounds like `` en '' , `` in '' . . etc ( though portuguese has some sounds kind of like it ) . 
  that 's exactly what i thought . 
  i 'm quite surprised . 
  i wonder if they speak english with what looks like an indian accent :p, 
  you 've participated in the bastille day military parade on the champs elys\u00e9e in paris a couple years back . 
  [ shamefully posting my own comic here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/syl9dus.png ), 
  i thought the exact same thing . 
  though i only speak french and english fluently , his accents in all those languages seemed really good . 
  ( according to his wiki page he has a masters in french literature and studied in france ) . 
  [ ultimately though ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ephosxf.png ), 
  well , a spaniard could probably understand that :p, 
  if you 're good enough in french , spanish will be fairly easy . 
  just use french nouns and add an `` a '' at the end of them :p, 
  it 's exactly the same in france . 
  english is also mandatory language , and then we have to choose another mandatory language ( amongst the choice they give , usually limited to spanish and german in small schools ) . 
  offering a third language in schools is rather rare , but some special schools do . 
  so considering it 's the same thing in france , but the results are massively different , i 'm assuming there 's still something regarding proficiency ( netherlands having to deal internationally more ? 
  more movies and shows in the original languages ? ) . 
  or self perceived proficiency ( the dutch think too highly of their skills while the french are humble :p ) . 
  yeah i 've heard about this and have asked my mother about it . 
  she claimed i did n't have to , but i 'll definitely have to check on this more thoroughly . 
  i 'm a dual french and american citizen . 
  i was born and bred in france , and my father is french with french ancestry ( and some walloon ) going back as far as records started being taken . 
  my mother is american though , and that 's how i inherited my us citizenship , although i 've never lived there . 
  i thus consider myself mainly french . 
  though i do have some american culture from my upbringing with my mother , and going to a french-american school in france from elementary school to high-school ( many of my school friends were full blown americans ) . 
  but if i had to choose , i 'd definitely say i 'm french . 
  i feel some closeness with the us and sometimes defend it , but if it comes to picking sides , i 'll go for france . 
  there 's definitely a difference in mentality between both countries ( and continents ) , and i definitely rather have a european mentality . 
  there is a dilemma here considering that products like parmesan have a staple name to designate what the product is , its recipe and what it 's supposed to taste like , which goes way back and people thus know that cheese with that name . 
  it 's even worse than things like `` scotch tape '' being the casual way of calling it although `` scotch '' is the brand . 
  i mean what about vodka ? 
  where 's the limit ? 
  like for champagne which goes by the name `` sparkly wine '' if it 's from any other region outside of the champagne region , it 's going to be difficult to find some other names for all those classic food products . 
  parmesan : gritty white italian-tradition cheese ? 
  camembert : gooey yellow cheese with white crust ? 
  brie : kind of like the gooey yellow cheese with white crust but slightly less strong and bigger ? 
  just saying i kind of understand the american perspective , though i support the idea of aoc ( `` appellation d'origine contr\u00f4l\u00e9e '' ) . 
  people just depicted jesus as what they themselves looked like ( or what they considered looked more beautiful , wise , and godly ) . 
  jesus was probably depicted or thought of as white as soon as whites decided to depict him . 
  not that racial ideas were a consideration yet back then in the first place . 
  agreed . 
  this sub is not only limited to those on reddit who are interested enough in europe as a whole , we ultimately only represent the people who enjoy lurking on internet forums , and actually commentating , which i would say is a particular minority demographic which tends to have a different mindset than the average joe . 
  i know what it is , and i know the scenarios are n't taken seriously . 
  it 's still insane . 
  sometimes , americans are insane . 
  90s nostalgia is overwhelming right now . 
  i just looked them up and had no idea these were italian . 
   big countries should n't get a different treatment just because of their size . 
  actually , their size and bigger economic importance naturally drives a difference in treatment . 
  a country like france ca n't be dealt with the same as a country like , say , slovenia , whether you like it or not . 
  that in paris we 're warm and welcoming . 
  it 's actually not an entirely true stereotype !, 
  regardless , you can toast baguette . 
  but if you prefer the british bread , these processed-wheat filled pre-sliced packaged sandwich breads which last for three weeks , it 's your choice . 
  i eat some too from time to time . 
  it 's good for some meals . 
  it 's like deploring that you ca n't really make a fondue with parmesan cheese . 
  makes no sense . 
  it 's not necessarily meant to be toasted . 
  it 's not that kind of bread . 
  but if you must you can . 
  if it 's sliced on the length ( which is a common way to slice it ) it easily fits . 
  i 've done it . 
  i 'll agree in general sochi was n't handled very well , and considering recent events it seems a lot of the effort went down the drain . 
  that 's beside the point though . 
  the olympics are an opportunity for those countries , regions or cities which want to build themselves a new image , or reinforce the image they already have . 
   insist that the baguette is far too long to be practical i got ta admit that this statement does piss me off , because it does n't make any fucking sense !, 
  the baguette is the closest we 've ever gotten to efficiency . 
  you can do anything with a baguette !, 
  sandwich ? 
  check to spread butter or path\u00e9 ? 
  check dipping bread ? 
  check cleaning your plate ? 
  check onion soup ? 
  check tearing off a peace of bread from the loaf without making a mess ? 
  check what more do you want ? 
  to be fair and to expand on my comment , norway likes to keep very discreet and out of the spotlight , because they can ( oil money indeed , for instance ) . 
  so they truthfully do n't need any help . 
  my point was that regardless of whether or not the olympics make a country loose or win money through direct benefits , the olympics do serve a greater purpose for promotion , be it to promote oneself as a city or country for investments , business and modernity ( see how london and beijing promoted themselves ) . 
  i personally like [ the london olympics opening sequence ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1as-dcdyzbo ) - it has everything , showcasing how britain is a leader in culture ( architecture/queen , and james bond ) , a rightful superpower as a victor of the last war ( churchill ) , and a place for business ( businessmen waving ) , and it 's an exciting place to be in ( parachute jump ) . 
  millions upon millions of people saw that . 
  or olympics serve to put a specific region on the spotlight ( who here knew about sochi before ? 
  now most people will remember sochi as a ski resort for the rest of their lives ) . 
  in before the circlejerk of hosting the olympics serving absolutely no purpose except financial drain . 
  as a frenchman i 'd prefer a tunnel between france and quebec . 
  in case anyone is wondering , senators are elected by the `` electoral college '' equivalent of france , that is representatives of the people who were elected previously in other elections ( mayors , municipal counselors . . etc. 
  ) , not directly by the people through direct universal suffrage . 
  given this , i believe the fn has in total 900 officials in france who obtained their positions through different types of elections . 
  that 's not enough for 2 fn senators to be elected in the senate . 
  that needed some 3,000 votes i think , so some 2/3rds of the officials who voted for fn senatorial candidates were not officially in the fn . 
  it 's likely local politicians who do n't belong to any mainstream party cast their vote in favour of the fn candidates .
