  anyway , once we were talking to a black immigrant from cameroon , who was here in france finishing his doctorate . 
  anyway , my friend was speaking to him about politics , about how sarkozy ( who was president back in the day ) was harsh on immigration and whatnot ( which is n't true to be honest , but he pretended to be harsh on immigration ) , and how it 's unacceptable , fully expecting the black immigrant from africa would agree . 
  but no . 
  that black dude simply responded that it 's absolutely normal for a country to want to choose its immigrants . 
  that no country can feasibly accept millions of untrained immigrants just to be nice . 
  that it would be a poor policy to do so , and every country should have the right to decide if it needs immigrants or not at one point . 
  the black guy then went on about how he was right-wing , and stuff . . my leftist friend was shocked , ironically because of his `` prejudice '' that blacks should automatically be leftists for some reason . 
  i laughed pretty hard . 
  rip to all these innocent spaniards and all other civilian nationalities , whom each had families , problems of their own , children to feed , rents to pay , and got killed by the worst kind of people , the kind that think killing innocent civilians is a justifiable retribution to the crimes they believe their people have suffered . 
  not much to say . 
  last time we could boast about the war in mali . . now it 's old business . 
  the thing is still happening , but we 've got to a point where it 's no longer front page news . 
  maybe that 's a bad sign . 
  otherwise , yeah , cold weather is coming back to france ( and presumably the northern half of europe . 
  so yeah . 
  big news week , 
  my theory is that we 're too many countries , with laws too loose , to get along now . 
  as i said before , we 'd be much closer to a federal state in europe if we had stuck to the original founders of the eu . 
  that 's why , with disappointment , i feel we need to start over - accept the eu as a thing now , a thing that a huge amount of eu citizens hate , and try to start something new from inside . 
  if a couple countries can form closer and closer bilateral agreements ( bilateral agreements are much easier than agreements between 20 + countries ... ) , and perhaps form a federal state , one day , they might show the example , and accept more states in their bilateral union , and progressively grow from the standpoint that they 're a federal state . 
  kind of how the us did it . 
  otherwise , now we have an eu which is extremely distrusted , hated , ca n't get along , ca n't solve anything because it 's not united enough , but it ca n't unite more because in order to do so it needs the approval of 20 + different governments . 
  sure , and , as an amateur non specialist just talking out of my ass , my slow moving towards unified europe strategy is to make a union inside the eu . 
  make a federal state inside to eu , which slowly replaces the eu , one state at a time , with stronger rules to start with so everyone knows what they 're getting into before . 
  it 's true that even considering the pedophilia scandals , or the condom stuff , in general compared to evangelical christians , or muslims , in the end catholics are pretty moderate . 
  i 'm for a federal europe , but however , each individual state would have a lot more power than in the us for example . 
  there would still be unified institutions , like the economy , the military , as those are essential for any state to work . 
  about how to actually get there , it 's now too late because there are too many different states in europe , with different foreign policies . . etc. . . ( if we had stayed with the founders and first few other countries that joined the cee/eu , we 'd probably be already much closer to a federation by now . . ) you ca n't suddenly say to 20 + states to become part of a federation all at the same time , and we ca n't do this progressively , because that would take decades and decades of little tweeks in laws here and there , and people will dislike it ... what we should strive for is creating a federal state inside the eu . 
  say for example ( and that 's just to demonstrate ) france and the uk decide to unite into a federal state . 
  the new state is still part of the eu , along with other independent members , but now it 's a sub-union , below the eu , but considered one state part of the eu . 
  a couple years later , the netherlands want to join that new federal state and they do . 
  and that federal state stays a member of the eu . . etc. . until most or all eu members join that regime , and if most of them join , we scrap the eu , and with the last members who still did n't join we keep and still update treaties with them so they can still enjoy free-trade agreements they previously had with us when under the eu and all . . 
  the goal is of course that everyone joins , but we can only do that if we still guarantee a relative autonomy , like many regions enjoy in sovereign nations around the world . 
  i think whoever made this map far underestimates the ambition of the nazis , especially in a europe where they are totally and unquestionably dominant . 
  however , true that if the fight was harsh , and the resistance movements very strong and hardly containable when too far away from actual germany , perhaps they would have been this lenient - as in , not annexing the shit out of europe more . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_germanic_reich this article mentions some quotes from some high ranking nazis , and different thoughts or plans of expansion . 
  i realize this . . 
  but in this day and age , there 's no foreseeable threat to or from germany . 
  the french guy writes for the journal lib\u00e9ration , which is the most ultra-leftist newspaper you could ever imagine . 
  i do n't think he 's the kind of guy who could feel remotely proud to be french and whatnot . 
  rather , as a french ultra-leftist , he does n't like english , and he 's against any cultural dominance of one civilization over the other , especially these capitalist anglo-saxons ... 
   according to the french website rtl.fr , both brother and sister have received support from mrap ( movement against racism and for friendship between peoples ) , an anti-racist french ngo , which called the incident an `` innocent joke . '', 
  that 's absolutely typical of this association . 
  it will be ruthless on any form of action perceived ( wrongly or rightfully ) as racist if it 's committed by a white person , but otherwise , it hardly accepts , if not denies , any form of racist/extremist actions or thoughts from non-whites . 
  otherwise , this story kind of reminds me of study i saw a few years ago , displaying the popular names given to newborns in france . 
  at one point , `` ossama '' becomes suddenly very popular . 
  can you guess when ? 
  yeah , you got it , around the end of the year 2001 . . weird huh ? 
  1 ) i do n't care in the slightest bit . 
  if they were all british and doing a good job i 'd be fine with it . 
  if none were british but the moderating by others was good , i 'd be fine with it . 
  2 ) not really . 
  i think it 's important that the community nominates its moderators , because that means it 's people they both recognize ( because they 're invested in this subreddit enough to be recognized ) and appreciated ( because they 're fair and popular ) . 
  it 's quite impressive the capacity germany has of being liked by the last countries it invaded . 
  germany tends to be pretty popular , whereas allies in the latest great war in europe like eachother less than they like germany :p . i mean , i 'm fairly sure germany is more liked in france than the us , or perhaps even more than the uk to a lesser degree . 
  same for italy , which is probably more liked in the general opinion . 
  thus google 's plan of mapping europe to better prepare for invasion continues . 
  i 'm guessing you made a mistake in your phrasing . 
  it 's rather de gaulle 's balls that would be at the height of sarkozy 's tits :p, 
  all these french right-wing politicians want to claim de gaulle 's legacy , but they are in many ways opposite of him . 
  let 's take sarkozy for instance . 
  he reintegrated france into nato , while it 's de gaulle who got out of it for reasons of military sovereignty . 
  sarkozy is very pro-american . 
  de gaulle was not ( he was n't anti-american per se , he just felt very strongly about not being america 's puppet or being dependent on the us ) . 
  sarkozy is the first french president to publicly support canadian sovereignty over quebec . 
  previously , french presidents would stay safe and simply not comment on this , except de gaulle back in the day , who in a speech proclaimed `` vive le qu\u00e9bec libre '' . 
  i 'm not making a statement here about quebec , or taking a political stance in anything , just pointing out that sarkozy is pretty far from representing de gaulle 's legacy on many very important aspects . 
  i 'm french and i 've always lived in the paris region , and i confirm the accuracy of this description . 
  what i 've always experienced is the prominence of handball as a collective sport ( in my experience it was more prominent than football or basketball for example ) , and also gymnastics , badminton and climbing . 
  this may vary according to schools and all , of course , but i changed schools and towns , yet still , in middle and high school i always had a lot of those sports . 
  when i was in paris suburbs in middle school i did have running and all , but once i moved to paris proper in high school i did n't have any of that anymore ( since it 's the city . . we were n't going to run off to some distant track ) . 
  funny coincidence to me , because i was just reading about how de gaulle ( french president back in the day ) ordered american troops to leave france after ww2 . 
  i think france remains one of the few `` major/notable '' ww2 actors to not have foreign allied military bases on its soil . 
  anyway , i think this uk withdrawal is a good thing . 
  though the brits will spend a lot for repatriation and housing these soldiers , in the end , on the long run it was a waste of money . 
  germany is not about to turn aggressive in any foreseeable future , it 's spot in the middle of one of the most peaceful areas in the world . 
  time to stop wasting money in areas which are n't of military importance . 
  it 's almost insulting to our european partners that we basically still `` occupy '' them , making sure they behave . 
  i 'm no specialist and all , but my point of view is that europe needs to calm down . 
  slow down the enlargement , be it for the eu or schengen . 
  by all means , let 's help eastern european countries build up to the standards of the west . 
  that 's a great goal , what we all want , and we 'll all benefit from it . 
  they suffered a bad economic period under communism , but we 've seen , with the central european countries , that regrowth is possible . 
  but fast entry to schengen and the eu cause a brain drain from these more or less developing countries , and an economic pressure to western europe , which levels down the economic credibility of europe as a whole . 
  basically , we should take it slow and sure . 
  europe is just too impatient . 
  i honestly think that if the eu ( i know , it 's not the same as schengen , but it 's a similar ideology ) stayed with the first original founders , and a few later members , it would already be very close to a federation by now , and thus presumably , the economic superpower considering its own economy , and its economic zone of influence in the rest of europe . 
  the current position of integrating countries with much weaker standards of living makes the whole situation difficult to sustain . 
  it seems to be more ideology than practical economics . 
  step by step guys . 
  wait for each individual country to reach a minimum standard , before joining anything . 
  with aids and everything of course . 
  though it 's a dictatorship , it 's obviously not as bad as some north korea , i gather . 
  if media censorship exists , i was just wondering if people can pretty much freely criticize the government in every day conversation , between friends and colleagues , without fear of being denounced to authorities or something . 
  yeah , france has n't commented on catalonia as far as i know , but i think they do n't care because even if catalonia gets independence it will likely not spread to france , since the catalonian language and specificity is largely dead in france ( or , not incompatible with france ) , except in a few bordering villages which ca n't be a problem , and which an independent ( spanish ) catalonia would n't dare claim , because anyway they 're not worth it . 
  my point was , however , that the basque situation is a little different and may concern france much more . 
  almost half of basque space is in france . 
  sure , the basque language is also much less preserved in france than in spain , but the identity remains somewhat strong . 
  what i 'm saying is that i 'd expect that france does n't worry about catalonia , but may worry about basque independence . 
  i do n't know about other sovereignty-leaning regions of spain , but a basque independence would also tread on french national sovereignty ( more so than the catalan cause , which is practically insignificant in france ) , so i 'd suspect the french government would somehow get involved to avoid basque independence in spain , since the french republic is built very strongly on national unity and centralization .
