  ridiculous fallacy . 
  i had someone once tell me that it 's a `` good thing '' that these muslims do n't believe other muslims can do wrong . 
  it supposedly shows how peaceful they perceive their religion to be . 
  but i do n't think that 's what it shows at all . 
  i feel these conspiracy theorist muslims are actually broadly expressing the same inner feelings many of the terrorists have : a complete distrust , if not hate , for the western country or government they live in . 
  obviously though , i also know some muslims who do n't believe in these conspiracies . 
  they 're usually the very moderate and integrated types . 
  those at my job who believe these theories may seem `` moderate '' in everyday life , but speaking to them about other subjects one can quickly realize they 're not moderate to a western perspective , and they 're usually very entrenched in their community . 
  in my experience , many muslims i encounter in france also tend to believe there 's `` something fishy '' each time there 's a muslim terrorist attack . 
  from 9/11 to the recent attacks we had in france , many seem pretty sure it 's the government , whether it 's the grocery store owner down the street , or even seemingly educated muslim people i work with . 
  blows my mind . 
  i 'd rather say women tend to be more moderate , in everything , not just politics . 
  i know , it 's very sexist to say , but it 's noticeable in pretty much everything if you ask me . 
  though i 'd gladly offer an explanation that it 's not for lack of character that they do n't go into `` extreme '' or `` hard '' stuff , it 's rather due to their condition as the `` weaker '' sex in an admittedly masculine society that probably beats them down into staying `` discreet '' or moderate . 
  there 's no doubt that most people properly learn another language only if they practice it beyond what they learned in school . 
  however , that 's pretty much the case for all classes . 
  i forgot much of my chemistry and physics after school because i did n't continue practicing and learning these subjects after . 
  that does n't mean these subjects should n't be taught in school . 
  similarly , i think it 's fine to learn another language in school , and if the student does n't continue it , too bad . 
  but at least he had the opportunity , and learning a 3rd language surely still brought him something intellectually . 
  and at best a select few perhaps may have gained a lot from learning an extra language , for future studies , travel or jobs . 
  i do n't think france does this to appeal to its muslim population at all , considering in other areas , like the full veil ban , or the simple veil ban in public schools , france is often accused by less secular countries of `` oppressing '' its muslim minority . 
  so which one is it ? 
  truth is that france has had lukewarm relations with israel for decades now , and the general vibe in the country 's political class and population has long been rather pro-palestinian , regardless of the muslim minority in france . 
  nah , lyon just barely makes the `` mostly safe to eat '' area although the city is practically the birthplace of * haute cuisine * , and bordeaux / south west of france is in the `` caution '' area which is preposterous . 
  have you even tasted duck confit ?!, 
  but overall i 'd agree that as you move away from southern europe , food becomes comfort food ( which is great in its own right ) , but lesser in quality . 
  that 's obviously due to the climate , which influences cuisine and culture . 
  colder regions having to make due with the products which can be harvested or made up north , which are usually quite rustic ( potatoes , onions , milk , beer , butter ... ) . 
  in the warmer climates down south , there 's a larger choice in herbs and grains and whatnot . 
  france exemplifies this quite superbly thanks to its size and position which includes a warm mediterranean climate , and a northern climate like its northern neighbours . 
  as the north will have classic comfort dishes like galettes ( salt and black wheat cr\u00eapes ) , flammekueche , fries ( chips ) ... the south will have lighter dishes which tend to be more revered in snobby culinary circles ( and with reason ) . 
  also the `` moi , pr\u00e9sident ... '' ( i , president ... ) is a reference to the anaphora current president hollande used during the presidential debates during his campaign , where he described what he 'd do if he were president ( `` i , president of the republic , would do * this * . 
  i , president of the republic , would do * that * ... ) . 
  [ here is the video in french ] ( https://youtu.be/53b-pbpvjma?t=15s ) . 
  it was kind of ridiculous i find , and his opponent sarkozy tried to denounce it , but it probably had its desired effect . 
  so anyway , this cover referencing `` i , president ... '' wants the reader to consider what this one would do . 
  in france as well , and i assume in many other eu countries , free disposable plastic bags in supermarkets have been banned . 
  that 's one of the most sensible ecological changes in recent years imo . 
  a great step in the right direction . 
  in a generation people wo n't even be able to relate to american beauty anymore :p, 
  more like put\u00e4in\u00f6inen . 
  continental germanics and the english , basically . 
  how funny . 
  though the main concentration notably excludes eastern germany . 
  perhaps being a furby is an expensive hobby , or just a vice of the decadent western germanic peoples . 
  wow , dublin takes the cake . 
  dat gorgonzola pic . 
  i 'm pretty classic i guess , but my top 3 are [ comt\u00e9 ] ( http://www.enil.fr/images/illustrations/enil/produits/comte.jpg ) , [ roquefort ] ( roquefort ) , and of course , [ camembert ] ( https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/styles/article_small/public/thumbnails/image/2017/05/09/08/soft-cheese.jpg ) . 
  i would n't put the caucasus countries in europe , because they are mostly south of the caucasus mountains . 
  since we have to define the borders of europe on geographic features , the caucasus mountains seem perfect to do so . 
  and to be fair , it 's only because georgia and armenia are majority christian that some people include them in europe . 
  but apart from that religious factor , culturally and historically , i have a hard time including them in europe . 
  granted , there 's some common history , like georgia participating in the crusades and whatnot , but again , if we start including countries beyond the geographic borders of europe , then we can go on to include syria and jordan and whatnot ... 
  i live in paris and i see them constantly . 
  walking around in big train stations , in touristic areas , or even taking the metro to go to their allocated area . 
  but we 've had these guys walking around paris for decades , way before the recent terrorist attacks . 
  and it does n't bother me . 
  it 's almost pretty cool to me . 
  otherwise i agree , there 's absolutely nothing to be afraid of in general . 
  i feel zero anxiety about terrorism , insecurity , or soldiers walking around with auto weapons . 
  he 's obviously arguing that opposition to public nudity is only a step away from islamic decency laws or social norms which produce such things as full veils and whatnot , under penalty of harsh punishment . 
  i , for one , agree that nudity should n't be frowned upon . 
  similarly to the uk , france is very present in international diplomacy , and has a strongly independent foreign policy around the world , and thus , the more patriot leaning people may consider that the eu is depleting france 's sovereignty . 
  though i personally think the stereotypes of the french being chauvinistic is highly exaggerated , i do concede that many may see france as a great nation on its own . 
  also , france has a large agricultural sector , and like most post-industrial western countries , a failing manufacturing industry . 
  farmers and working class people tend to blame the eu ( = globalization ) for their economic difficulties . 
  france also has a significant leftist core , of which some may see the eu as a huge capitalist monster which could undermine their wishes of social progress . 
  i 'd say those are the three main classes of people who distrust the eu . 
  however , i 'm pretty sure that if there were a frexit referendum tomorrow , the `` stay '' would win by a longshot . 
  there 's distrust , and euroskepticism to a varying degree naturally finds audiences , but people in general still want to stay . 
  really ? 
  do you mean that before 1813 , a thus pre-industrial china had battles involving more than half a million men ? 
  i 'm willing to believe it but i do n't know in what context that would be needed , or how it could be possible before total war and draft efforts of modern nation states . 
  perhaps during the mongol invasions ? 
  or in inter-chinese wars ? 
   the only nations participating were italy , france , russia , austria , prussia and sweden i think those alone are enough to call it `` battle of the nations '' . 
  that 's a lot of participants in a single battle , even during the napoleonic wars which in general were 1v1 or 1v2 at best . 
  no , i 've never witnessed anything like that , and i 've been living in paris for 10 years . 
  and it 's not like i do n't go out , in various neighborhoods of the city . 
  i go all over . 
  i 'm guessing the migrant riots happened in the north or north-east of the city . 
  those are the more `` unsavory '' areas , where apparently migrants go to . 
  i 've been there plenty of times of course , but never witnessed anything noteworthy . 
  it 's a large city . 
  it 's true that when you see something about a city in the news , one subconsciously assumes the city 's life revolves around that issue , but in reality it 's far from the case . 
  i 'm thinking the best time to visit a european city is right after a terrorist attack . 
  no lines , cheaper prices , and probably safer because of stronger security ... more seriously , living in paris i have zero anxiety about terrorism . 
  simply because the chances an attack affects me personally or my close friends and family , in a city of almost 2 million , is minimal if not negligible . 
  in reality , the tourism industry in france does care . 
  the industry was hit pretty hard after the terrorist attacks . 
  they bounced back in general , but it was a hard year . 
  i live in paris , which is arguably the prime destination for migrants in france , and i 've never met a czech immigrant . 
  i 've interacted with czech tourists for my job , but otherwise i know no czech resident or even a frenchman of any czech ancestry , as far as i know . 
  that 's not a cricism . 
  i mean , we in france , despite our large colonial empire , we comparitively did n't emigrate much either . 
  that 's probably why we lost our holdings in north america , and were weak there , but strong in europe with a huge population for european wars . 
  no one fucking left . 
  except huguenots because they had no choice . 
  maybe czechia is just good enough , and the social imperatives are such that the people do n't feel they must leave .
