  i 'm just so used to seeing `` greater netherlands '' maps with bits of france and germany :p . my bad, 
  well yeah , but i was speaking to a dutch guy who wanted to annexe the whole of flanders , a huge chunk of germany and part of france ... 
  hey , i already made a concession by granting you french flanders , and it presumably includes lille , whereas all i ask in exchange are some small towns south of brussels . 
  it 's a good deal for you !, 
  ok , you can take the french flanders if we get , along with wallonia , the towns directly south of brussels ( which have a stronger french population anyway ) , so as to make brussels an independent city-state bordered by france and the greater netherlands . 
  deal ? 
  in reality , you 're not that different compared to other countries which have much wider regional differences , like france . 
  the french from , say , normandy , and those from the southern coast are ridiculously different , but they all agree they 're similar enough to be both french . 
  it 's not that much of a bad thing to have regional differences . 
  you do n't need to be near identical culturally , ethnically , historically , to form a nation . 
  the symbolism about destroying a statue is just as strong , if not more , as the symbolism of that statue existing and being displayed . 
  article keeps talking about european `` liberals '' , and thus i do n't know if they 're using the american definition of the word , which is `` left-wing progressive '' , or the actual , usual european definition of the word , which is `` capitalist '' and is usually associated to the right , or at least the mainstream parties . 
  regardless , i 'm fully supportive of an actual kudistan , to the detriment of syria , turkey , iraq and iran . 
  and i 'm not even a `` liberal '' , no matter the definition they 're focusing on . 
  why do all these pan-european adds , be it for european parties , or from the official eu youtube channel , have an american-accented woman as narrator ? 
  ca n't they find a british woman to narrate in english ? 
  the people there seem to have good arguments for me converting back to christianity . 
  similarly , the alliance relation between the muslims and the left is kind of contradictory , considering many of their core ideals are opposites . 
  anyway , finkielkraut is jewish , and is thus very worried about muslims immigration and the resulting increase of anti-jewish acts in france . 
  but he also has an `` old school '' ( which is not a bad thing ) ideal of republican france , which can be typical of secular french jews , where assimilation of immigrants is the way to go . 
  that , among other things , make him a conservative . 
  and i do n't think french conservatives should love muslim conservatives , as both conservative views clash on important subjects , notably on france staying france . 
  this does n't represent rodeo , but bull fighting , something which is mostly popular in spain . 
  `` liberal '' has a very different meaning for europeans , or at least in france . 
  in france ( but i suspect , most of europe ) , `` liberal '' is actually synonymous to ultra-capitalist , and thus `` liberal '' is associated to the right wing . 
  so the funny thing is that an unknowing casual european would criticize the american republicans for being too `` liberal '' . 
  just saying , before you want to make bold comments in / r/europe , you might want to listen first , and understand the politics and vocabulary here . 
  to stay safe , just speak of the left and right . 
  that , at least , is pretty universal . 
  otherwise , while i get your argument , and agree to a certain extent , your view of things is ironically pretty restrictive . 
  let me make a strawman argument : `` hey , you do n't think i 'm allowed to have sex with a 10 year old ? 
  you 're not liberal enough !, 
  liberals will win , you conservative !, 
  ultimately , it will be allowed '' . 
  i am for gay marriage . 
  totally for it . 
  but your argument is that `` liberals '' strive for change in society , for the better , according to your standards . 
  but where is the limit ? 
  who are you to judge that limit ? 
  maybe you 'll be conservative to the future generation who 'll think it 's liberal to marry a cow . 
  i 'm not saying homosexuality is comparable to pedophilia or bestiality ( i know it looks like i 'm comparing it all , but bare with me ) , i 'm just trying to convey that what is `` progressive '' and `` conservative '' changes all the time . 
  and you 'll probably be very conservative compared to your children . 
  who knows how society will change in the future . 
  also , `` liberal '' societies have turned back to `` conservatism '' . 
  iran , for example . 
  i think `` liberals '' and `` conservatives '' are both necessary , so we can find a middle ground through debate on what morality we want for our societies . 
  so we can compromise , and not fall into any extreme . 
  because both sides can be extreme . 
  butthurt people , and people who do n't agree and take it too seriously . 
  i totally agree . 
  if say , it was a french guy and the man joked about baguette , cheese or overpriced food , it may not be funny , but no one would be offended . 
  it 's apparently very racist to mention chinese food with a chinese person ... 
  there are often scandals like this with the chinese . 
  i remember in france , this famous ice skater turned commentator , was commenting on a chinese girl 's performance , and said `` she 'll deserve her rice bowl '' . 
  now it does sound grotesque , because we all were taught it was racist to say that for some reason . 
  but seriously , if it were an italian girl , and the guy said that her performance was good , so she 'll deserve the good risotto she 'll be eating tonight , no one would bat an eye . 
  i think i got his point . 
  i was just making one of my own . 
  ultimately though , i do think the museum he 's talking about should be `` modernized '' . 
  hey , you better feel ashamed about your country 's past whitey , or we 'll have to broadcast some arte documentaries in belgium about your crimes !, 
  i agree with your suggestions . 
  i love how hollande , during his campaigning , boasted about ending `` fran\u00e7afrique '' , aka french meddling in its former african colonies ' affairs . 
  i guess reality struck him when he realized that france and french companies still have massive interests in the region . 
  when it comes to spain , and partly for france , it 's british retirees , who thus do n't leach on the welfare state , nor do they `` steal jobs '' , but rather spend their british retirement money in the countries they chose to retire in , which is a good thing for the country they move to . 
  exactly . 
  news flash . 
  i do n't have a urinal in my apartment . 
  i have a normal seat toilet . 
  i still piss standing up . 
  oh , and for what i 've seen , female toilets are much filthier than male toilets . 
  i 'd like russia to join the eu , if it were more like eu countries in its worldview . 
  i think it definitely has a place in the eu , as a culturally european country . 
  more so than turkey . 
  but the politics do n't match . 
  which is a shame for russia . 
  it would surely offer a lot to the eu from being in it , but the eu would also bring a lot to russia . 
  more stability and acceptance for example . 
  now i understand that russia does n't want to join . 
  so in that case , russia should at least get along with the eu . 
  i do n't think its aggressive stance towards the eu helps it much . 
  eastern european countries which used to be under russia 's dominance only turn away from russia because of the latter 's aggressiveness . 
  agreed . 
  where i was mostly shocked is that the official eu youtube channel has an american-accented commentator . 
  that 's just weird to me . 
  you want to post videos narrated by a native english-speaker , it 's fine , but i 'm pretty sure they can find plenty of british people to narrate . 
  really ? 
  you do n't do that in the us ? 
  not a criticism , it 's a fairly common thing to do in france when you 're a student and want to prepare a quick easy meal . 
  i understand that there are some genetic predispositions , or even sicknesses , which encourage some sort of obesity , but is something like that really solely responsible for this guy being that fat ? 
  or is it a convenient excuse ? 
  does eating healthy salads and whatnot still make him obese ? 
  it 's not the first time de caunes dresses as a classy brit : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngsyt5-5yvy, 
  to be precise , the actual estimate is that 25 % of french people have at least one foreign-born grand parent . 
  now this number is much higher for younger generations , france having an aging population , the baby boomers represent a large part of our population , and they are rarely foreign in origin ( although italian , belgian , portuguese and spanish immigration back in the day had its impact on the older generation ) . 
  otherwise , while many consider that the french republican `` assimilation '' process was a failure , and i agree it is to an extent , especially with non-europeans , it still was a success to a large portion of people of immigrant background . 
  i 've known many people of italian background for example who give no shits about their ancestry and breath frenchness , as they adopted and took for themselves the classic `` proudness '' of being french . 
  france is very diverse when it comes to regional cultures , yet the great majority consider themselves french , because that 's the idea of our nation-state . 
  someone from the pyrenees , and a norman , have little in common culturally , but the unity of the nation is strong enough that they accept eachother as the same , french . 
  this being said , i do n't think france is the most `` nationalistic '' in europe at all . 
  even considering the ~ 20 % for the `` far right '' party .
