  like if you hate your family or something ? 
  i 'm guessing you did n't actually look at my link :p, 
  [ great scene ] ( https://youtu.be/-izw909wub4?t=9s ), 
  marisa tomei is 52 and a total fox . 
  in this thread alone , if you open the image in its own page , it 's the correct flag , whereas if you look at the image imbedded in this thread page , it 's the australian flag . 
  from what i recall , goscinny , the writer , was quite affected by ww2 , which explains why he depicts the british in a positive light , whereas the germans are depicted as menacing in `` asterix and the goths '' . 
  `` it 'll be harder for me than for you '' `` stay the same , and be happy '' `` can i still leave some of my stuff at your place ? '', 
  as the article says , the chinese community in france ( mostly paris ) , has already protested in the last few years because they felt they were often targets of street crime . 
  that 's surely true , unfortunately . 
  to be clear though , and downvote me all you want , the majority of their `` predators '' are your usual `` youth '' street thugs , if you see what i mean ... 
  however , it 's indeed the first time i heard about the chinese , or asians in general , rioting . 
  now china is stepping in , `` demanding '' the protection of its citizens as if the french state were out to get them ... as if france would n't apply the rule of law to get to the bottom of what actually happened ... that would be preposterous and we do n't need authoritarian china to teach us human rights . 
  after the events with turkey in the netherlands and neighbouring countries , it 's yet another example of how mass immigration , forming foreign communities backed by foreign nations , is a source of unrest , and an undesirable situation . 
  even with asian communities which typically are n't the source of such problems . 
  why would someone with a german flair convert kg in lbs as if it were more meaningful for the readers of / r/europe ? 
  azerbaijan is a quasi-dictatorship that we should n't support though ... 
  i think they 're both special < 3, 
  do you feel scotland and england are now the same considering you all speak english and are a same nation ? 
  anyway in europe , imo , there will always be the language barrier , environmental differences , and geographic distances to maintain significant cultural diversity . 
  now sure , with globalisation , world culture tends to become more homogenised , but we need n't wait for the eu , or further integration , for this to happen . 
  despite this , i feel local cultures hold pretty well , even within countries . 
  larger countries like france have quite significant cultural differences between geographically distant regions despite being in the same country for a thousand years , and even despite standardised french being taught everywhere for almost two centuries . 
  comparable to the gaulish/celtic oppidum . 
  in similar conditions , people with similar technologies and cultures will naturally figure out the optimal way to organise their community . 
  you say this ( and i 've heard this argument before ) as though it 's better to be called insane than a terrorist . 
  the fact of the matter is that calling someone `` insane '' completely dismisses his ideology ( far-right in breivik 's case ) , whereas terrorist does not . 
  it 's way worse for breivik that his ideology was n't taken seriously , because his whole point was to get it out there . 
  mainstream medias do n't want to acknowledge far right ideologies ( `` insane '' , `` stupid '' , `` protest vote '' ... ) = people do n't really believe it , so the ideas are n't to be taken into account . 
  way worse than terrorists who 's ideas are at least considered . 
  not to defend macron , but i highly doubt he 'd move along to reinstitute military service if he were elected , despite him expressing his wish to do so . 
  it 's likely one of the first things he 'd drop . 
  not to mention any football fan can go update his favourite football players ' stats and whatnot , whereas i 'm assuming it 's rare to find people who can meaningfully edit cervantes ' wikipedia article . 
  first off , no one 's claiming they 're winners , people are claiming they 're losers . 
  it 's a great logical fallacy though . 
  this situation is comparable to the `` burden of proof '' for the existence of god . 
  it 's to those who believe in god to prove his existence , not to the atheists to disprove his existence . 
  here , you 're basing your argument on what the pvv should have won according to your assessments . 
  so you 're establishing an imaginary reality and basing your conclusions on it . 
  so naturally , you consider the pvv failed because they did n't reach the levels they should in your imaginary reality . 
  but the actual reality of the situation is that they won 5 seats compared to the previous election . 
  surely , you understand the dishonesty in presenting them as failures . 
  it 's much more logical to consider that they gained , rather than lost . 
  but i 'll grant that among pvv fans , there may be disappointment compared to their hopes . 
  and there might be relief for their enemies . 
  but again , regardless , the pvv won 5 seats . 
  and that 's the only reality . 
  lol , that classic `` the far right may have won more seats but they still failed '' argument . 
  yeah it does . 
  villages are municipalities , even if they have 50 inhabitants . 
  a town of 30,000 is also a municipality . 
  so is a city of 150,000 . 
  what op means is n't `` city '' , but rather `` town '' or `` municipality '' , aka the smallest administrative division in the country . 
  but regardless , france does have an outrageous number of municipalities , some 36,000 , which is per capita surely the largest in europe by far . 
  the median population of a municipality is probably something ridiculous like 100 inhabitants . 
  there probably should be a reform of some sort to reduce the number of small municipalities , because that 's just a drain on our taxes ( each has a mayor , the moderately larger ones have councils , which are all salaries we have to pay for ) . 
  but this is france , where `` reform '' is a bad word , and people like their local governance ( which i can understand , however ) , so the process of reducing the number of municipalities is an arduous one . 
  everyone votes on feelings , including yourself . 
  basically the same basic moderate stance all previous governments have had in the last decades , including sarkozy despite a seemingly more hardline discourse . 
  i 'm no specialist on the question but here 's my two cents . 
  robots will always be more competitive , and they 're the future of society and technology , like it or not , so if we tax robots , we 'll only make products more expensive for an already jobless population . 
  now say we tax robots anyway , well there 's bound to be countries which wo n't tax their robots , and thus other countries will have more competitive manufacturers with their untaxed robot workforce . 
  and we 'll be left not only with no jobs , but also no competitive companies paying taxes on their benefits . 
  hell , maybe we should tax robots at first but that 's only for the short term , while we transition to a robot economy . 
  in the long run , that tax will probably have to go , in the same way we do n't tax companies for using computers . 
  he 's not crazy . 
  however he 's very aggressive and headstrong , and if you 're willing to open yourself to different perspectives , m\u00e9lenchon is as much a wild card to people on the right side of the spectrum as le pen is to people on the left side of the spectrum . 
  in reality though , if either were in power , chances are they 'd be more `` reasonable '' than their enemies expect them to be . 
  they 'd both try to do things the opposite side will consider `` outrageous '' , but their own intelligence/conscience and the limits on them by the political system will largely temper their wills . 
  if the ideal goal is 2 % of gdp there 's bound to be fluctuations around that ideal depending on past and projected funding projects . 
  the fn is definitely a far-right , nationalist and populist party . 
  but it 's no fascist party . 
  i believe the unsaid idea was that she refused to debate m\u00e9lenchon because she did n't want to give a platform to someone who was , electorally , way below her league . 
  and to be fair , that 's a very sound political strategy . 
  she had little to gain `` punching down '' , if i dare say so , and m\u00e9lenchon had all to gain with such massive publicity . 
  another reason she gave herself , if i remember correctly , is that m\u00e9lenchon spent his time insulting her , which does n't surprise anyone of course . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is notoriously quite aggressive ( that 's why some people like him ) , especially against the fn considering his far left leanings . 
  this , again , to me , is a defensible reason to not want to meet/debate someone . 
  those are the same reasons chirac refused to debate le pen father before 2002 's second turn . 
  i think she should debate everyone of course , but i also understand the actual reasons she did n't do it , rather than fantasizing about her being scared because she was `` proved wrong '' or something so petty . 
  though i tend to agree with you , that the establishment pointing the finger at her can provoke some electors to like her , i also believe this strategy did create a sort of political `` glass ceiling '' , which is such that the fn could never get a majority nationally in any foreseeable future . 
  i 'm all for the eu , but i understand why a staunch nationalist would n't want it , preferring complete sovereignty , and i 'm not so dense to consider they 're `` lunatics '' for having other priorities than mine . 
  she 's a nationalist , considers french sovereignty and massive immigration and integration to be huge issues . 
  those are classic issues , and her solutions do n't make her a lunatic . 
  you just disagree with those solutions . 
  if your reasons for `` considering voting for her '' were dumb as fuck , does n't mean it 's the same for all her electors . 
  jacques chirac was considered very attractive [ in his youth ] ( http://a407.idata.over-blog.com/2/83/17/43/chouan-4/jacques-chirac-jeune.jpg ) and he still had some leftover charm in him in his early presidency despite his age . 
  i do n't say it to them , i 'm saying it to you guys , because it 's true . 
  if it 's condescending to explain to other people the reality of the situation , then fine , i 'm being condescending . 
  but why should i hide an important detail to a story i 'm explaining ? 
  would make no fucking sense , and at this point you 're just looking for a reason to disapprove of my comment . 
  yes i agree . 
  despite being close neighbours geographically , french and english have such an incompatible pronunciation that i feel it 's very hard to understand strong accents from one way or the other . 
  a strong english accent is incomprehensible in french , whereas a strong spanish or german accent works fine . 
  while i 'm willing to believe some french people get pissed if tourists immediately speak english to them , i 've never witnessed french people being pissed towards tourists trying to speak french . 
  but if people say that was their experience i do n't see any reason to not believe them i guess . 
  but i 'd rather think that people in the service industry in france , or at least in paris , are n't the jolliest bunch , and thus they can be exasperated by all their customers or whatever . 
  having to struggle through a conversation can be frustrating for some people , and the french are n't very patient . 
  so i 'd say they 're not rude because the other person is a foreigner . 
  they 're just rude in the first place :p, 
  yes of course , and then if i notice the tourist struggles in french i switch to english .
