  well , technically , it 's all about the rights and duties of a citizen and his state . 
  i 'm not condoning conscription and all , just saying that that 's the justification . 
  well , my mother is american , my father french , so i have both citizenships . 
  however i 've always lived in france . 
  also , my step father is british , so england is perhaps the only country i regularly commuted to , to visit `` step-family '' . 
  i feel totally french , but also have a great sense of community with europe . 
  i feel we 're all part of a same family . 
  for now , i do feel closer to western europeans , but i 'm sure that in time i 'll feel the same with the eastern half of europe , especially those countries which are in the eu . 
  holy shit . 
  sorry , but that kind of makes me think of gags in dry humor films like airplane or naked gun . 
  crimean tatar autonomy within ukraine , at 12 % in 2011 , approximately the population of crimean tatars . 
  was there that significant a divide between tatars and the rest of the population in crimea ? 
  to be honest , i quite dislike this . 
  now maybe , the tatars think they did n't have it so bad under ukrainian rule ... 
  agreed . 
  beautiful song . 
  i regularly listen to the red army choir , and the songs are just great . 
  tallinn has more russians than estonians ? 
  that 's bad ... 
  anyway , a union is more likely with belarus . 
  there have been attempts in recent years . 
   reachieve oursleves as master of europ russia has never been master of europe though . 
  at best , russia has only reached second best . 
  number one `` masters of europe '' status has gone to britain , france , germany and the us at different periods in time . 
  but never to russia . 
  the only time when russia came close was at the end of ww2 + immediately after ww2 . 
  but the `` master of europe '' status at that time rather goes to the us , or to the us/britain-led alliance , since at the time , and then during the entire existence of the ussr , western europe was europe . 
  the heart and center of europe was western europe . 
  the ussr only accomplished to impoverish eastern europe and set it back even more than it already was in comparison to western europe . 
  thankfully , eastern europe , now free and allied with the west , has started developing again . 
  russia has belarus in its sphere of influence to show off . 
  the west has poland . 
  guess which country is doing better ? 
  russia 's attitude is a sad thing . 
  if russia were reasonable it would benefit russia . 
  now , unfortunately , russia is pushing itself in a corner , making every one of its neighbors , including china and other ex ussr nations , distrust it . 
  soon , russia will be alone . 
  it 's too bad because russia , after the fall of the ussr , could have been a friendly nation , which would have greatly helped its development . 
  also , one can be a friendly nation and still have its own foreign policy - russian leader needs to stop being so insane . 
  check out idbus , for a bus ride from amsterdam to paris ( takes 7 hours , but you can save time by taking a night bus , and sleep in the bus ) . 
  already i see for next week , the prices can drop very low . 
  i mean 19 euros per person low . 
  the usual price is around 50 euros per person ... 
  so hurry if you want to get the good deals . 
  then stay at a hostel in paris . 
  the usual prices for hostels are between 30 and 40 euros per person , per night . 
  some have promotions which can go as low as around 20 euros . 
  so with a 300 euro budget you could probably make it in paris for a couple days , if we assume you only use half in transportation and housing for a couple nights . 
  is n't at least france 's and the uk 's military spending , put together , superior to russia 's ? 
  not to mention perhaps we have more professional and technologically advanced armies ? 
  considering french and british military cooperation , that should do . 
  unfortunately though , we have nukes , and thus in a way it makes it unwise for us to fight the russians ... 
  from the article :  activists say that the latest polling shows that 65 per cent of voters in the veneto region , which includes historic cities such as treviso , vicenza and verona , are in favour of cutting ties with rome . 
  yes , we are pretty much fucked . 
  our bad !, 
  i can not guarantee anything with hollande as president . 
  rather * [ dr. strangelove ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=so8nqficzzg ) 2 *, 
  charmberlain 2.0 phoney war : extension pack !, 
  i 'm not saying i 'm fancy , but when i was an intern in paris i 'd wear a tie and all to work , and since i 'm blond and blue eyed i look like a good boy ... but i was an intern so i was paid shit , and could hardly afford paying monthly metro fees . 
  so for some months , i 'd jump over . 
  i figured that if i ever got caught once in a month , the fine would still be cheaper than paying for the entire month . 
  i almost got caught once . 
  i jumped over , and saw the people controlling passengers immediately after . 
  i just jumped back out and walked to the next station and paid for a daily ticket there . 
  i arrived late for work , but it was worth it . 
  i do n't like doing this , but i did n't have a choice considering my miserable intern pay . 
  yep , that 's the more complete , right answer . 
  the dense population is n't the only factor . 
  paris rarely reaches pollution levels this high . 
  but lately , exceptional climatic conditions have held the pollution over the paris basin for too long , causing this pollution crisis . 
  russia would not be able to invade all of the eu . 
  regardless of us assistance , all eu military budgets added together dwarf russia 's . 
  and britain 's and france 's budgets are each almost that of russia , not to mention they have nuclear deterrence . 
  they 're also technologically more advanced armies , and more professional , in general . 
  hence , more the reason to have light skin to absorb a maximum amount of vitamin . 
  what are we debating ? 
  i was sick once , and we prescribed some drug . 
  this was in the middle of the winter , and i spent most of my time indoors . 
  i got a sunburn , on my face and hands . 
  i did n't understand why . 
  i then read the undesirable effects of the medicine i was taking , and one of them was extreme sensitivity to uv lights . 
  the lights of my bedroom gave me a sunburn . 
  anyway , little light is still light , which your body can capt and use . 
  and regardless , when it 's very cold , there 's still a few hours of sunlight . . even in norway . 
  fox is independent from government bidding ( to a certain degree , not more than other us news agencies ... there are always negotiations and pressures between governments and press ) , and are not censored by the government ( auto-censored , sure , but not censored by the state , as long as they are n't saying anything illegal ) . 
  sure , but even so , it gets very cold , so we need to have lighter skin to absorb sun-light during those months when it 's cold . 
  false *, 
  yeah , politicians have no idea . 
  wrong . 
  some lizards are venomous . 
  yeah , and i did n't imply that . 
  pff , denmark never even came close . 
  [ however ... ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_oiahqmtg-du/s8mvmjoka1i/aaaaaaaad-i/v_aluiltedg/s1600/napoleon-bonaparte-history-in-pictures-napoelon-empire-map.jpg ), 
  what are you talking about ? 
  mormons have a high birth rate . 
  what does that have to do with them representing 4 % ? 
  i guess we like the fact that we can feed ourselves . 
  sure . 
  but the cap scandal is largely bullshit . 
  france still gives more to the eu than it gets back .
