  cultural heritage sites do n't get elected on the bounds of what 's the most impressive building or ruin . 
  they 're based a lot on one particular exemplary structure , representing the type of structure/period/architecture . 
  so , say , while the famous notre dame cathedral is n't a cultural heritage site ( i believe the amiens cathedral got the distinction for french gothic cathedrals ) , some arguably less impressive structure representing another culture or artform got the distinction because it 's representative of that culture . 
  i mean , paris only has one cultural heritage site , which are the banks of the seine river , despite paris having an impressive number of famous monuments and whatnot . 
  they get national monument status , but not world heritage status . 
  so that explains the even distribution . 
  being a full man who washes is . 
  op with an american flair said `` good for you . 
  so you have one thing to be proud of '' . 
  our uncircumcised penises , for example . 
  what 's kind of weird i guess is that in paris , where typically you kiss twice ( at least if you 're young ) , if you happened to just kiss a girl once , that would be perceived as quite sensual . 
  you 'd essentially be hitting on her . 
  so the fewer the kisses , the more sensual it is !, 
  people just want to emulate us . 
  [ what can i say ? 
  seriously though , everyone 's acting like sweden did something exceptional geopolitically , and is leading the way for this sort of thing , but sweden is n't the first country to take a moral stand against another in recent times , including against another which has economic or diplomatic leverage . 
  i remember when france criticized china about human rights in tibet , and china boycotted the shit out of french business ventures . 
  one could also think about french and german opposition to the war in iraq , where france took the blunt of us anger and economic blackmail . 
  also , i 'd add that culturally it 's more or less expected in france that a couple , especially when married , should have children . 
  it 's fairly normal to ask a married couple `` so , when are you having a baby ? '' . 
  a married couple without a child just passes off as bizarre . 
  i heard that in other western countries this cultural expectation is n't as strong . 
  i do n't know why . 
  it may be due to government encouragement affecting culture . 
  i know that when you marry in a secular wedding at the town hall , the mayor , or his assistant , encourages the newly wed to have babies . 
  [ just biding our time ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01398/napoleonbonaparte_1398871c.jpg ) . 
  as a whole france is more secular than germany . 
  i do n't get the point in mentioning this . 
  if we were talking an important game , or a surprising result , it would deserve mention . 
  if it 's just to boast about beating the us at something , there 's not much to boast about when doing so in football , and it rather says something negative about us , that we have some sort of inferiority complex that we need to report whenever we 're better than the us at something completely inconsequential . 
  just my little nitpick though . 
  alright , i 'll admit it was quite entertaining . 
  i guess it was just unexpected , considering it was based a lot on conjecture imo , unlike his previous videos . 
  but i 'm being too harsh . 
  cgp grey naturally has the right to change the kind of videos he wants to make . 
  meanwhile i 'm just sitting on my ass and judging videos . 
  i do n't think i said anything about supporting the fn . 
  teaching some perspective , rather , because i have something called empathy . 
  imagine a guy living in his town . 
  slowly , butcher stores are replaced by halal shops . 
  suddenly , veiled women pop up in the neighborhood where he played as a kid . 
  ethnic gangs start causing trouble . 
  now tell him to vote for the european project and the economy , rather than a party which wants to stop immigration . 
  point is , for him , his culture , his identity , is more important than economy . 
  and if you push the argument further you get my previous comment , which is that one of these things , identity , is `` real '' and potentially `` eternal '' in the philosophical sense of the word , the other , economy , politics , is just numbers . 
  so what 's more important ? 
  i do n't know . 
  depends on what kind of person you are . 
  emma watson lived in my home town ( maisons-laffitte ) in the parisian suburbs , until she was 5 , at a time when i must have been 12 or something . 
  that suburban town has a strong english speaking community , because they congregate to an anglican english-speaking church there . 
  since my mother was american and my step father british , we 'd go to that church , i was in sunday school there . 
  i like to think i saw baby emma watson . 
   ask yourself : is voting for fn because of immigration really worth it ? 
  there 's no turning back from population replacement . 
  you change things forever . 
  political and economic policies , however , can change . 
  just saying . 
  yeah , i guess i 'm kind of being unfair . 
  just does n't feel like a very challenging subject , whereas when he explained the eu , there were lots of little interesting details here and there . 
  now i 'm expecting him to make a video on what 's `` eastern europe '' . 
  i do prefer when cgp grey makes videos about geography and whatnot . 
  some of the latest ones about robotics and even lotr were kind of not why i liked his channel in the first place . 
  if i want lotr explanations , i 'm pretty sure there are many good youtube nerd channels which explain it all . 
  however , i must admit that this new one about scandinavia is n't very fascinating . 
  i mean , scandinavia 's cool and all , but it 's pretty basic stuff here . 
  i was hoping for more . 
  when le pen passed to the second turn in 2002 , he then had a higher percentage and overall more votes than in the first turn . 
  so one may consider that everyone who voted for him in the first turn still voted for him on the second turn because they wanted him to win . 
  hell , even more individual people voted for him . 
  i know the medias say voting fn is just to punish other parties , but i do n't think that 's correct . 
  that 's a form of rationalization , or a strategy to discredit the fn 's legitimacy no matter how high its scores are . 
  everything you described is and has been tried in france . 
  the belgian `` cordon sanitaire '' has it 's equivalent in france with the '' [ front r\u00e9publicain ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/front_r%c3%a9publicain_%28ve_r%c3%a9publique%29 ) '' . 
  however , the latter has proved more or less counter-productive . 
  the fn uses the rhtetoric that the mainstream right and left are the same , and proof , they ally with eachother against the fn . 
  considering this contested strategy , the mainstream right now refuses alliances with the socialists to beat the fn , a strategy which we call the `` ni ni '' , which stands for `` neither ( the fn ) nor ( the socialists ) '' . 
  back in the day , the government passed laws against proportional elections , specifically to stop the fn from having representatives in parliament . 
  so the fn could be the first party on a national level and have 25 % , if it 's not the first party in at least one political region , it ca n't have representatives . 
  in recent years it still managed to get 2 or 3 here and there , but that serves its argument again . 
  that a party with such high national scores gets only a couple representatives because the system is against it is , morally , an outrage . 
  nicolas sarkozy was the equivalent of the n-va in france , as he reused the fn 's big themes ( security , immigration , patriotism ... ) while being backed by a mainstream moderate party . 
  it did work , as he was elected with a strong margin , and the fn slumped to a record low . 
  then he was president for one term , did n't change anything , and was resented enough to not even be elected in a second term and we got stuck with hollande , while the fn has now the highest scores in its history . 
  sarkozy may come back , but ultimately , who 'll trust him ? 
  yeah , probably 9/32th polish too, 
  is there a restaurant up there ? 
  sure , but to be more precise , most people in that video probably died within 3 years after these images were taken . 
  my guess is both retirement and students considering spanish is the popular choice in language after english , and everyone wants to do an erasmus in spain, 
  that would be down though . 
   `` evil intentions ? '', 
  it 's probably the translation , because in french the word `` evil '' would n't be used . 
  `` intentions mal\u00e9fiques '' , for a litteral french translation , sounds to come straight out of a fairy tale . 
  no one would use that . 
  `` evil '' in french would be `` le mal '' , and i 'm assuming the original quote was something like `` faire du mal '' , which literally rather means `` to cause harm '' , as the french `` mal '' is a very broad word . 
  to say `` i hurt '' , one says `` j' ai mal '' . 
  or `` mauvaises intentions '' which would rather be `` bad intentions '' , but in english `` evil intentions '' is the more common expression i guess . 
  so does it only locate restaurants with `` kebab '' in their names and those recognized by google ? 
  probably . 
  i still watched the whole video because dutch sounds fun . 
  sure .
