  an actual traditionally played game however , is the card game tarot . 
  risk !, 
  it 's actually a french invention , 
   soir\u00e9es with your friends where you cook a three-course meal , drink moderately , and have polite conversation ( ok this seems pretty omnipresent but i was surprised at how even young adults are capable of this level of sophistication in france ) the french culinary tradition was chosen as a unesco intangible world heritage . 
  so i 'm glad you noticed a difference . 
  proves it 's still a noticeable and real thing !, 
  are those pro-russian ukrainians though ? 
  presumably , if they fled to russia or crimea , they likely were pro-russian in the conflict , no ? 
  if so , i kind of feel that they got what they asked for in a sense . 
  but otherwise , to be fair , those in sakhalin are n't too far from vladivostok ( relatively to russia 's size ) , which according to the pictures i 've seen of it looks fairly nice . 
  and it 's home to some 600,000 people , so it 's not an empty wasteland either . 
  sakhalin itself is a relatively small island with 600,000 people . 
  the biggest city has 150,000 . 
  that 's not so bad either . 
  again , i know it 's forced relocation which is a terrible thing , but they 're not being deported in the empty siberian hellhole that we tend to imagine . 
  for kamchatka however , i do n't know . 
  i feel he was largely already viewed as weak , or at least uncharismatic , before being elected . 
  that was the bulk of the criticisms against him already . 
  and concerning the thread 's title , i do n't think the french `` voted left '' . 
  they voted against sarkozy . 
  it just needs to be said that this map and list gives too much importance to `` separatist '' movements which are negligible , or not even separatist in the first place ( and hardly even autonomist ... like normandy ) . 
  for western europe ( sorry , i do n't know much about central and eastern europe ) , i 'd say the only notable separatism are scotland , flanders , catalonia and the spanish basque country . 
  maybe corsica and northern ireland are notable more for the eventual terrorism than for political will . 
  politically , maybe northern italy and brittany have some electoral backing during local elections . 
   spanish - i 'm not used to writing in it well , then again , spanish is probably the easiest language to write , that i know of . 
  i mean practically every letter is pronounced , and practically always the same way ... unlike french and english . 
  i think that 's a good idea . 
  i always put french in my flair in all subreddits which allow it , but technically i 'm a dual french and american citizen . 
  though i do consider myself mostly french since i was born and bred here , i would use that two flag option if it were available . 
  also , with that option , these annoying people who use a eu flag instead of identifying their home country might be encouraged to add their actual country if they were given a second flag option . 
  well , how about the mods create them only if there 's a request for them ? 
  that way they do n't have to preemptively make countless combinations . 
  yeah , that 's not so bad . 
  while dragons are cool , and the welsh flag is cool , i feel a flag should be reasonably easy to draw correctly . 
  not for practicality of eventually drawing it , that 's just a criteria i have which offers an understandable limit to how complex a flag should be . 
  so this typically excludes representations of animals or figures , and favours lines , circles ( etc ) and simple symbols . 
  it 's just me though . 
   symbolic of the loss of scotland i like the idea . 
  plus the black colour is n't too shocking as it 's not that far from navy blue , whereas [ changing the blue to green ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/71534000/png/_71534769_350618.png ) to include wales does kind of hurt the eye . 
  maybe you can change the blue into green , so as to include wales this time :p though i 'm not sure the red on green would look very good . 
  without going for what that other downvoted commentator said , to be fair , the joyful locals just want to be part of russia rather than ukraine . 
  so they probably do n't consider ukraine to be `` their own country '' . 
  their gut loyalty is to russia . 
  it 's thus quite understandable that they 'd react like that if they feel they want to be russians . 
  kind of like when hitler annexed sudetenland , or the french and germans annexing alsace turn by turn . 
  it was always met by supportive locals whose loyalty lied with the `` invading '' country . 
  i do n't have an opinion really . 
  it 's the scottish people 's decision . 
  however , the union jack as we know it would disappear if the yes wins , which is a pity cause it 's a sweet and iconic flag . 
  yeah i realize this , and they 're wrong to do so . 
  the british do n't want them as much as the calais people do n't want them . 
  of all things , the calais people should understand . 
  yeah , there 's a mixture of victimization ( `` where are our rights ? '' . . etc. 
  ) , and trying to falsely appeal to the locals with `` thank you to the calais people '' although i 'm pretty sure a large chunk of the calais people are sick of their presence . 
  oh right . 
  yeah , i do n't see how anyone can blame the uk . 
  yes , of course i do . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  governments often pressure eachother to not legalize illegals and whatnot , knowing that immigrants would leave the border countries anyway to go to the more attractive countries . 
  it 's pretty common . 
  is that wrong ? 
  most of them are illegal immigrants , and were n't allowed into schengen in the first place . 
  also , if they were allowed into schengen , it does n't mean france `` specifically '' let them in . 
  france is part of schengen , and any other schengen country could have let them in and france would thus have no say about it . 
  [ this pic ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/77414000/jpg/_77414511_77414510.jpg ) in the article enrages me for some reason . 
  as in fuck them . 
  rights ? 
  how about not being illegals in the first place ? 
  how about not pushing your way through countries which specifically did n't allow you to come in ? 
  how do you think non-western countries would treat the likes of you ? 
  moules-frites !, 
  [ thankee ole timer !, 
  ] ( http://potholetexas.com/pics/mthood-redneck-fishing-hole-01.jpg ), 
  well , you can start by not putting quotes on things which were n't said by them . 
  it 's not about apologists , it 's about being fair here . 
  anyway yes , they spoke about leaving the eurozone and protectionism . 
  not sure if they could or if they 'd even have the courage to do this . 
  yeah , so chances are hollande will not even try for reelection , which would be the first time a president does that in recent memory i think . 
  but frankly , that 's the smartest move for the socialist party , and anyway even if hollande were stubborn i do n't think he 'd have the courage to even try . 
  it 's pretty much a certainty that le pen will be in the second turn , unless things somehow change until then . 
  le pen will surely be against the mainstream right wing candidate in the second turn , whoever it is , and the latter will surely win . 
  that 's because the mainstream left wing are so terrified by the front national ( le pen 's party ) that they 'll certainly vote for the mainstream right to counter le pen . 
  however , the mainstream right is n't that much against le pen , so in an unlikely scenario where le pen gets to the second turn against a socialist , the right wing electors will prefer le pen than some leftist . 
  as for the fn 's ideals , one can consider that they 're socially conservative ( against gay marriage , against immigration , nationalistic . . etc. . ) , whereas they 're economically leaning to the left . 
  the left wing denies this however . 
  in recent years though , the fn has attracted people from the far left concerned with socio-economic issues , and people from the mainstream right concerned with conservative issues . 
  that 's where most of the fn 's growth comes from . 
  anyway , with marine le pen , the party has successfully , but not completely , changed its image into something more accepted . 
  there 's still an uneasiness towards them , but support for them has never been so much out in the open as the party is considered more presentable . 
  i think people from outside france however still see them as much more extreme than the average frenchman does . 
  very personally , i think , or rather know that there are still extremist nationalist , and racist elements in the party . 
  however if they somehow get to power , i do n't think it would be catastrophic because the party will likely still act with a minimum of restraint or within the bounds of internal and external pressure . 
  if le pen were elected , she 'd still probably have a minority in the national assembly . 
  regardless , the party would surely try out some controversial reforms here and there , serve its term , and if they did well they 'll be reelected , if not they wo n't . 
  the worst thing that 'll happen is that there will probably be protests and riots all the time , just because they 're in power , which will constantly freeze the country . 
  good idea . 
  not two weeks ago there even was a thread `` i 'm from malta , ama '' in / r/europe . 
  those are `` vlogs '' , and are rather political with a lot of sarcasm . 
  but generally not intended on being funny . 
  his stand up however , though also political , is more focused on trying to be funny .
