  for normandy : no . 
  normandy has no reason , cultural , historical or economical , to separate from france . 
  for wallonia : yes , and please annexe me , france , 
  yeah obviously , let 's just disregard everything i 've said . 
  i 'm a white , blond , blue eyed european and have experienced racism and physical attacks here in my own native land . 
  i also have difficulties finding a decent job fitting my 5 year college education . 
  immigrants make a big deal out of it as if they 're the only ones to experience this sort of thing , but one will encounter assholes anywhere . 
  i agree ultimately , that anyone willing to make an effort , and be presentable , could make it like anyone else . 
  i 've seen many arab-french unable to sit straight , and acting like no-gooders , complain that they ca n't find a job because they 're arab . 
  seems to me they ca n't find a job because of their shitty attitude more than anything else . 
  not saying there is n't discrimination in the screening process , but ultimately a presentable arab with charm and good motivation at the job interview can largely find a job . 
  my brother went for training in the french military , and even at the selection process there were these hoodlums with a bad attitude talking back to the officers and dragging their feet . 
  it goes without saying they got thrown out immediately , but if they ca n't even get a clue they 're supposed to behave in the damn military , there 's really little that can be done for them . 
  the galicians have a regional romance language . 
  there is no celtic language in galicia known to modern history . 
  that 's the main criteria to be part of the celtic nations . 
  yes but then again , the number of people in glasgow who voted yes is larger than the number of people in edinburgh who voted no . 
  it 's true that turnout in glasgow was much weaker , but by pointing this out in your argument you seem to imply that those who did n't go vote in glasgow thus belong to the no side . 
  my point is that needing or not is n't a requisite for a nation to want to be independent . 
  if a people feel they are different enough and want to be their own sovereign nation , they do n't necessarily need it , they just want it deep down in their hearts . 
  it 's kind of sad if the no probably won because some people worried about economic uncertainty , rather than because they had the gut feeling of wanting to be in unity with the other brits . 
  if you see what i mean . 
  why must they need to be ? 
  well glasgow , which is larger , voted yes . 
  that 's a considerably large city voting for independence . 
   i think currency was the key uncertainty , if it 's basically a money dependence problem which kept scotland in the union , rather than a heartfelt feeling of national unity , it 's a sad day for britain . 
  i know all about celtiberians . 
  it 's totally irrelevant . 
  the non-breton french do n't try to be part of the celtic nations despite the gauls . 
  the english do n't try to be part of the celtic nations either . 
  in truth the galicians claim celtic heritage because yes , they do have elements of their culture which can be perceived as celtic culture , and claim that celts from the british isles migrated to galicia after the anglo-saxon invasions , just like the breton . 
  difference is that the celts which migrated to brittany left a clear celtic influence , notably in the form of the breton language . 
   this may come as a surprise to you but galiza is also a celtic nation in the northwest of spain . 
  some galicians are so desperate to be viewed a a celtic nation . 
  it kind of reminds me of estonia wanting to be nordic thing . 
  except the latter have a better argument for it . 
  if we take full countries into account , i 'd say turkey is n't in europe ( despite part of it being on the european side ) , russia is in europe ( despite a large part of it being in asia ) , the caucasus countries are not part of europe because they 're mostly on the other side of the caucasus mountain range . 
  cyprus and malta , though geographically not clearly a part of europe , have a strong enough case for cultural or historical inclusion in europe . 
  the rest is obvious from greece to iceland , and from portugal to russia . 
  all the extras were italian ( or spanish perhaps , since it was filmed in spain ) . 
  only the largest speaking roles are american , otherwise when others speak , they do so in italian and it was dubbed in english after . 
  one can see , watching the film , that most actors and extras look italian , and their lip movement does n't match the english dubbing . 
  a year or two ago someone here had linked a youtube channel which literally had hundreds of full nigerian films available for free . 
  they looked absolutely awful to be honest . 
  this probably explains why with such a huge number of films produced , none ever get boosted to international venues in western countries . 
  now some say that these films speak to nigerians , and that 's why . 
  but i did n't watch a full nigerian film because i just could n't get over how bad the filming and acting was . 
  average amateur youtube sketches are filmed better . 
  now with the huge number of nigerian films , surely there are some which are probably good , at least to western standards . 
  heh , that 's kind of sad . 
  there are other good films , even in those sci fi action genres . 
  lately , edge of tomorrow for example , was very much worth it . 
  i do n't think the russian army would go unopposed from belarus to warsaw to the extent that they could deliver troops and all their equipment in two days over 200 km . 
  they could n't do that in georgia , so they certainly could n't do it against poland which , while it 's army is definitely inferior to russia 's , it still has a fighting chance to pose difficulties to russian advance . 
  even discounting nato assistance . 
  good so you agree , there is such a thing as a eu citizenship . 
  i 'm glad we finally agree . . 
  ok , you 've obviously have n't read what i said . 
  european citizenship has a worldwide legal status , whether you want it or not . 
  no ... and you 're not actually listening to what i 'm saying . 
  there is such a thing . 
  the referendum in scotland is an example of it . . every eu citizen living in scotland is allowed to vote ... my french passport has `` european union '' written on it . 
  any eu citizen in need of help in a foreign country which does n't have his country 's embassy can go to any other eu country 's embassy to get help . 
  and in basic principle , a eu citizenship allows you to move freely in any other eu country . 
  it 's kind of like having a french euro coin and using it to buy something in italy . 
  it still works there without any restrictions . 
  it 's the common currency . 
  a citizenship of any eu country can get you things in other eu countries that non eu citizens ca n't get . 
  with that in mind it 's safe to say that eu citizenship is a thing . 
  it does n't give you all rights . 
  for example a british citizen ca n't vote in french elections yet . 
  but his citizenship does give him more rights in france than a non-eu citizen . 
  this is because his eu citizenship gives him a particular status . 
  hence it 's a thing . 
  heh , while i can agree that the russian army is probably more powerful than these countries ' armies combined , i 'm sorry to break it to you but no , your troops could surely not reach warsaw in two days . 
  by having the nationality of an eu country . 
  basically , you just have your national passport , be it france , romania , italy , sweden ( etc. . ) , and since your country is an eu country , it 's basically the same as having and eu citizenship . 
  i really do n't think it 's ethical for a non-british to vote in this . 
  sure , the independence or not of scotland affects his life if he 's living there , sure , an immigrant can have profound feelings for the country they now reside in . 
  but questions of sovereignty largely tend to stem from thoughts of national identity , and strong feelings that their ancestral cultural exception should be recognized through absolute sovereignty . 
  for the quebec independence vote for example , where the yes lost by less than a percent , it was reported that some neighborhoods with strong immigrant populations had next to zero votes for independence . 
  those immigrant votes probably determined the negative outcome , because immigrants do tend to not have this ancestral attachment for a sovereign nation . 
  i 'm not criticizing them for it , it 's normal . 
  as immigrants they are naturally less concerned about their adoptive country 's identity , and more concerned with globalization and free movement and whatnot . 
  as immigrants they are also likely more wary of how such a dramatic change could affect their lives , whereas `` natives '' would be more willing to take the risk as they 'd be voting with their hearts . 
  so to put it bluntly , while each individual may have different opinions , and valid arguments , i do n't think their vote is legitimate ( in the metaphorical sense ) for a referendum which ultimately concerns a specific people 's aspirations . 
  a people that non-naturalized immigrants do not belong to . 
  i realize there are english people living in scotland who are voting as well , and technically they can be considered `` immigrants '' from the rest of the uk to scotland , yet i said previously that the right to vote in this should be limited to british nationals only . 
  but for british citizens it 's quite different . 
  not only has scotland been in the uk for 300 years and there has been internal population movement , but also it would be hard to determine which uk citizens are scottish enough to be allowed to have a say on the scottish question . 
  so the best one can do is to limit the vote to british citizens living in scotland . 
  giving the right to vote to every eu citizen living in scotland is preposterous to me . 
  i personally do n't know if i 'm for scottish independence or not . 
  my romantic side is for it , but the side of me which considers that eu countries would be better off uniting than dividing ( balkanization ) is against it . 
  either way , if i lived in scotland i would abstain from voting out of pure principle , because i 'm neither scottish , nor british . 
  it 's an extremely important question for the scottish people , and my personal quirks and concerns about keeping my job and quality of life is small potatoes in comparison . 
  i 'm just one guy . 
  well , it 's interesting to find common denominators ... 
  if you 're not interested it 's fine . 
  ultimately nothing matters really , if you want to look at things that way .
