  i do n't really get what you 're saying . 
  but otherwise , for all i know the common consensus is that french fries as we know them , were invented , perfected and spread from belgium . 
  beer , best french fries ( they just know how to cook them like no other ) , [ moules-frites ] ( http://www.lacigale-lefournil.fr/sites/www.lacigale-lefournil.fr/files/upload/moules-frites2.jpg ) ( mussels and french fries ) , belgian comedy and belgian comic books ( though foreigners think they 're french so we get some of the glory :d ) . 
  i would n't go to clermont-ferrand if i was paid . 
  however , i think paris and lyon are cool places . 
  thing is , france has had its own foreign policy since de gaulle , much to the annoyance of the us , and personally , i do n't think the french government 's interest in getting involved in syria has anything to do with wanting to lick the us ' balls . 
  it just so happens that in this instance france is on the same page as the us . 
  at worst , france feels it should support us involvement because the us gave logistical help to france in its intervention in mali . 
  but i truly think the french government wants intervention in syria anyway , and this for purely ideological reasons ( `` socialist '' government which feels it 's its duty to defend human rights ... cause many french leftists believe they embody goodness ... ), 
  sure . 
  and all that does is give france a special relationship with those countries . 
  now , what is france to do when mali begs france to intervene in their country because islamist extremists took over the north , and started oppressing the very freedom-loving malians ? 
  sure , france had interests , but in the end , regardless , they were the good guys in the conflict . 
  regardless of malians being raped , beaten and whatnot by shariah law , the consensus of approval for intervention in mali was so unanimous , there was n't a single un sovereign country which opposed it . 
  i 'm not certain . 
  but i 'm not the french government . 
  i do n't really decide :p . though granted i could act in protests against or for it . 
  however , i must admit that i believe the french government would intervene in syria only for image . 
  the image of france defending human rights . 
  we have a `` socialist '' government after all . 
  this situation is different to mali , where france had real interests . 
  syria seems to be just an ideological thing . 
  agreed . 
  if the other eu members do n't contribute proportionally , they should have no equal or proportional say or vote on foreign military affairs . 
  it 's basic logic . 
  other eu countries spend very little on their military because they basically do n't need to , because the british and french military are carrying the burden of making it a bad idea for our enemies to try to attack us . 
  if other eu members want an integrated eu military policy , at least their voting power should be proportional to how much they spend in the common military . 
  if they spend as little as they do now , it 's safe to say they 'd have little to no voting power , and then they 'll be the ones complaining . 
  i guess those surrender monkey jokes from americans that really took prominence after french opposition to the war in iraq really got to us . 
  got ta spend a few millions to show how we 're not pussies :p more seriously though , i , for my part am kind of undecided for an intervention . 
  i guess i do n't mind a no-fly zone , and bombing of military bases and supplies from a distance . 
  but it definitely wo n't destroy assad 's government , or military superiority over the rebels , and may just prolong the conflict and thus the suffering even more . 
  but i definitely do n't think any frenchman should risk his life for syria . 
  i 'm wondering what france could get from intervention . 
  perhaps a stronger diplomatic credibility ( country willing to use force does have an impact ) , and military weapons showcase ( france is one of the world 's major arms manufacturers and sellers ) , and a closer military alliance with the us does n't hurt either . 
  but definitely not any access to minerals or whatnot , since the goal is n't to defeat assad , and anyway syria is poor in minerals . 
  so the gain ( or loss ) would just be in image . 
  are you referring to the time when mali begged france to intervene and the entire world , every sovereign government which commented on it , without exception , supported french intervention ? 
  bad example . 
  if russia invaded a baltic country , i doubt there would be any country not condemning the invasion , except north korea or something . 
  actually , if russia did invade an eu baltic country , the entire world would condemn it , but i doubt there 'd be any direct military response ( just some sort of arms race to the border ) . 
  where russia would loose would be in its international credibility and whatnot . 
  it would end up being very isolated , and would suffer economically . 
  it has a sort of de facto independent region called the transdries . . trendsr . . oh fuck it ... a thin strip of land the other side of a river , to the east of moldova , which is claimed by a strong ukrainian minority . 
  otherwise , to my outside perspectives moldovans are ethnically romanian , and the two should just be one country already , but apparently many of them would disagree . 
  it 's very poor for european standards . 
  . . and i 'm spent :(, 
  i have n't personally felt much of a difference , perhaps because when we switched to euros , i was 16 or something so i was n't really financially independent or even responsible before the euros replaced francs . 
  otherwise , it is pretty cool to not have to change currency when we go to another eurozone country . 
  i 'll take a guess at what he meant . 
  when portugal entered the eu and integrated further , its economy grew well ( that was his childhood ) . 
  but with the recent eurozone crisis , portugal was hit hard ( that was his adulthood ) . 
  of all things , people in [ savoy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/savoy ) want to be part of switzerland . 
  i 'm exaggerating , but there are some people there who do . 
  ca n't beat a country where people have a better standard of living . 
  and it is true the people in savoy have a closer culture , geography and way of life with the swiss than with a lot of the rest of france , especially with the french-speaking swiss . 
  well , there 's no country which speaks romansh except for switzerland . 
  op was asking for affinities with other countries who share the same language . 
  this is the third part of a series that allessandro has been posting about [ fran\u00e7afrique ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fran%c3%a7afrique ) . 
  the first two parts were further away in history , and thus they were mostly about french interventionism and hard politics on african ex-colonies in the 20th century , for their mineral wealth and whatnot , more direct `` neocolonialism '' . 
  this episode explains the years since around 2000 to sarkozy 's presidency , when the cards have changed as did the generation of french and african leaders ( who did n't experience colonialism ) . 
  so there 's a new approach to france 's relation with africa , not to mention new competition with emerging economies for minerals . 
  african leaders are less lenient to french companies , and some african leaders even dictate to the french who they want as a foreign affairs minister . 
  but `` fran\u00e7afrique '' still exists , as france still has a strong foothold in its former colonies . 
  sweden is ( unfortunately ) one of the most lenient countries in europe when it comes to immigration . 
  anyway , your question makes no sense , but if i try to decipher , i 'm guessing you 're asking what kind of immigrants do swedish people accept ? 
  and my answer would be that everyone has different opinions . 
  if the natural view is that one would prefer immigrants who have a similar culture , or those who actually bring something positive to the country , there are other people who may be excessively pro-immigration , and love some massive somalian immigration or something :p, 
  yeah , cause in very multicultural countries , somehow , the gypsies are the only ones who ca n't settle and try to integrate . . 
  i 've never met an integrated person who 's a gypsy . 
  yet gypsies are much lighter in color than other people who manage to integrate . 
  so i 'm pretty sure it has nothing to do with skin color or whatnot . 
  it comes only from them . 
  their culture is so tight , they do n't want to integrate . 
  in france this is a public debate problem because there 's this whole deal about the republican school system and all , but we ca n't get the gypsies to follow it properly . 
  agreed . 
  gypsies in paris , when they 're not cruising the metro playing some instrument terribly ( learn how to fucking play ! ), 
  they 're sitting on the ground moaning like they 're about to die ( and then when they end their day they pack their stuff and join their family . . ) . 
  `` normal '' beggars who sleep outside in the winter do n't moan like they do . 
  i work night shifts at a hostel in paris . 
  this british girl who stayed there was the most beautiful creature i 've ever seen in my life , and just so sweet and nice . 
  i 've instantly fallen in love and i was n't there when she left ( i was preparing to give her my email or something ) . 
  i now go to sleep in fetal position , longing for my future wife that i wo n't ever see again . 
  but now i have a good opinion of british tourists :p, 
   first off , which countries are the cheapest to live in ? 
  as someone else implied , the cheaper countries are also those where the salary is lower . 
  as a frenchman going to , say , ukraine , as a tourist , things will be extremely cheap with my french salary . 
  a ukranian tourist in france however will be appalled by the high prices . 
  i had a friend in france who loved to travel and all , and was considering moving to peru for some reason . 
  even if she could get a middle class job there , where she 'd live comfortably , she 'd need to save two months salary just for a one way trip by plane to europe . 
  see what i mean ? 
  so , for now , you might want to stick to the richer countries of europe , which are more expensive , but the salaries are higher and you could afford a ticket back to the us . 
  once you 've determined the richer countries , then there may be a way to determine which is the better in terms of salary and cost of living ratio ... obviously though , each country has diverse costs of living depending on where you are . 
  paris , for example , is very expensive , whereas other big cities of france are much cheaper to live in ...  which countries governments have the best benefits ? 
  it depends what you 're looking for . 
  quite a few western european countries have universal healthcare , some have free universities , some have outrageous welfare , some have low retirement wages ... 
  which ones do you want ? 
  ( it 's a rhetorical question , i could n't answer all these since i mostly just know about france ) . 
   which countries allow duel citizenship with america ? 
  and/or which countries are easiest to obtain citizenship in ?
