  people say it should have been divided this or that way in a more comprehensive fashion . 
  i 'm merely suggesting the same thing for the balkans , but apparently that 's bias somehow . 
  if you want reassurance , i also think albania , which is primarily muslim , should get some albanian populated territories outside of its borders . 
  and again , ultimately , i wish yugoslavia was never split . 
  `` all they want is freedom '' `` every european country should take some , according to its size '' . 
  no thanks . 
  i agree though , that we should help malta intercept these illegal boats and guide them back to africa . 
  also , the reporter seems to have it wrong by just calling them `` asylum seekers '' . 
  not all of these guys are asylum seekers by the strict sense of the word . 
  how does this have to do with religion ? 
  i did n't even mention religion . 
  if you 're just going to assume shit , there 's no point in talking with you . 
  there is an ethnic divide in bosnia by the simple fact the country is divided in `` republics '' or whatever , according to ethnic lines . 
  as for france , if ethnic divide there is , it 's with the recent immigrant population , and that 's a whole other story . 
  i know you 've been defensive and trying to compare france with the balkans , but ultimately there is no comparison to be made . 
  finally , in truth i 'd rather all these ex yugoslav countries unite again . 
  they 're not that different . 
  but apparently this has a tendency to not work out too well recently . 
  let me quote myself :  also , unlike bosnia , france is n't divided into several more or less ethnic `` republics '' . 
  to be more clear , the french are n't an ethnicity . 
  there are no widespread ethnic divides and tensions . 
  if there were , i 'd agree for secession . 
  i 'd agree to leave alsace lorraine to germany if the people there were in majority for joining germany and if there were ethnic tensions . 
  i live in paris , but i never had the opportunity to go to germany : s sorry . 
  in my mind , reading your sentence , i over emphacized the `` at all '' , so it sounded smug . 
  yes . 
  i was speaking of europe here . 
  but even if i have n't been out of europe it 's not that bad . 
  you make it sound like it 's some sort of disaster . 
  i 'd love to have an ethnic data collection in france . 
  to know how many immigrants there are . 
  but immigrants are n't spread homogeneously in one area , so there is no area for them to break up , as no immigrant community makes a majority in any significantly large area . 
  also , unlike bosnia , france is n't divided into several more or less ethnic `` republics '' . 
  the balkans , however , seem very focused on their little regional differences . 
  nope . 
  the serbian areas in bosnia would be annexed to serbia . 
  that 's my suggestion . 
  bosnia would thus just be the areas composed of `` bosniaks '' in the usual sense of the word . 
  so basically you agree with what i suggested . 
  i visited french savoie . 
  it 's practically switzerland :p, 
  you do n't have to get a local rental . 
  you can ( as in , you 're allowed to ) drive with the wheel on the wrong side . 
  many people do that . 
  you just need to be more careful, 
  if my memory is correct , the actual ferry trip is less than an hour . 
  like 40 minutes . 
  but there 's the time to embark on the boat , and disembark , and then you reach the british equivalent of calais which is n't a nice place to visit either . 
  ok . just to say , calais is n't a very pretty place . 
  neither is reims . 
  there are some pretty buildings left here and there , but yeah . 
  the only reason to go to calais is to then take the ferry to britain :p, 
  i heard of this invention which is basically like a big bus , only it has wings !, 
  and it can fly !, 
  you 'll be doing only driving , and stopping just for eating and sleeping , if you have to do all that in 3 days . 
  do n't you want to slow down and actually breath the local culture and all ? 
  i understand that you love driving , and that you may get to see landscapes and whatnot , but i feel this is kind of pointless . 
  to each his own i guess . 
  and how did you choose the towns you 're going to ? 
  for example , why calais ? 
  that 's a good expression you made up . 
  i 'll try using it . 
  maybe we 'll make it a thing . 
  it has been done a lot without being considered so if it 's through mutual accord . 
  greeks and turks for example . 
  in the case of the situation in the balkans , it would in a way prevent further deaths or attacks , as one does n't want to be a serb in a serbian enclave in kosovo for example . 
  embarrassingly few countries ( because there are countries i went back to many times , instead of going for new countries ) , though it may still be a lot compared to other people : england , scotland , belgium , spain , denmark . 
  and that 's it :(, 
  am i insensitive and too unaware of the situation to think that ideally bosnia , and surrounding countries , should have their borders redrawn , and perhaps have population exchanges in the cases of ethnic enclaves , so that each people gets its own country and we can finally all just agree and start anew from there ? 
  i 'd like to go to bulgaria . 
  i 'd like to visit every european country  my to-visit list is still pretty big though :(, 
  i like the new design . 
  i like that the arc drawing actually has some perspective , and i like that the colors are more vivid . 
  and of course , the paper is nicer . 
  it makes the old one look bad . 
  i find it hilarious that the socialist party in power now , which criticized the right when it was in power for its treatment of gypsies and warmongering , is doing the same thing , if not more aggressively , now that it 's in power :d, 
  i guess foreign aid is n't enough for them . 
  that 's a good deal considering most of switzerland is german speaking . 
  i 'd be content with only the french speaking regions . 
  that 's fucking sad . 
   by removal of countries and their representatives i 'm pretty sure most people would vote to keep their countries , thus making your proposal anti democratic . 
   conquering back the african colonies if your ex-girlfriend feels depressed and calls you to come over , it does n't make you a stalker . 
  i read in some newspaper today this story about this gypsy camp in france which is progressively dying out because it 's not receiving the proper funds to function anymore , like it used to . 
  it used to receive some 5 million euros a year . 
  this gypsy interviewed was deploring the fact they do n't get the funds anymore , and thus are n't given a chance to integrate . 
  5 million a year ? 
  fuck this asshole . 
  he can get the fuck out of here . 
  i 'd rather we use the 5 million a year to house the homeless . 
  yeah , the richer countries should take care of everyone else 's problems , and better : take their problems . 
  amiright ? 
  you 're speaking as if i 'm personally responsible . 
  anyway , i find it hilarious that the `` socialist '' government is actually worse than the previous right wing government , because they criticized the right wing government when they were the opposition . 
  i love witnessing political hypocrisy . 
  anyway , i agree though . 
  i 'd rather these people did n't flock in the thousands to france and western europe and stayed where they lived for centuries . . 
  most preserved norse myths come from icelandic authors . 
  was first settled by celts , then vikings . 
  now culturally nordic . 
  many people believe in elves and stuff .
