  think of it as saying that germany has a stronger football team than sweden . 
  does n't mean the swedish team sucks . 
  just that germany 's team has more going for it . 
  but someone with little interest or knowledge of football will have a hard time telling the difference . 
  but anyway , i really wo n't waste my time explaining the obvious . 
  and reading me would be a waste of your time too , since your comments suggest you 've already got a fixed opinion against paris . 
  you 've touched very interesting subjects . 
  as a guy with a masters in tourism , these things are common issues we 've discussed in class . 
  you 're entirely right that dependence on tourism is unhealthy . 
  we say that if tourism contributes to more than 12 % of the annual gdp , it 's bad . 
  france is n't at that level because thankfully it has other important industries . 
  that 's not the case for many island nations , or even bigger nations like tunisia before the arab spring . 
  also indeed , culture can be destroyed by too much tourism , wherein the culture becomes faked , as a mere attraction , but the common conclusion in the tourism industry is that france is generally not a victim of that . 
  apart from some sites which may loose their original charm , like the mont saint michel , the rest of us continue our daily lives , and live how we want to live , regardless of whether or not it pleases tourists . 
  this is the case for most western countries . 
  where this sort of thing is more of a problem is in those nations which more heavily depend on tourism . 
  usually `` third world '' countries . 
  small island nations again , or certain regions of africa , where locals may sometimes dress up as `` traditional '' warriors and dance around in shows to please tourists . 
  often these displays have no basis in cultural or historic reality , yet whole communities devote themselves to these things as if it were real . 
  sshhh , it 's a common reddit circlejerk to link this wikipedia article whenever tourism in paris is mentioned . 
  let them have their moment . 
  cause paris has infinitely more to offer . 
  sorry , not trying to boast here , or degrade krakow , but there 's a reason why paris is a world cultural super-weight . 
  i 'm sure krakow is superb though . 
  otherwise , as a guy working in tourism in paris , it 's crazy how much tourists loose their basic common sense here . 
  even tourists from arguably more dangerous cities , like rio or something . 
  i 've been living in paris proper for a decade now and have never been mugged or victim of pickpockets . 
  it 's the only african country which was kicked out of the african union though because of that whole western sahara affair . 
  ludicrous statements . 
  i never thought the siesta meant the spanish are lazy , but anyway i 'm surprised of what you 're saying . 
  i stayed in malaga for a month one summer , and everything was closed in mid-afternoon , and there was no one in the streets , and even i was taking naps . 
  breton sailor shirts were traditionally with black and white stripes , the beret is a basque hat ( so here you got two stereotypical french things which are actually the garment of national `` minorities '' really ) , and the moustache stems from back in the day , when everyone else in europe were wearing moustaches too . 
  however , french soldiers during wwi were colloquially called '' [ poilus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poilu ) '' , which means `` hairy '' , in reference to their moustaches . 
  so maybe that 's why it stuck for the french more than for others . 
  as for the garlic , it is true we use a lot of it in our dishes , as any good cook should . 
  i do n't know . 
  i guess because the east asian community , and the muslim or african communties rarely hang out together and do n't know eachother . 
  but it came to the point that chinese and asian people in paris had protests to address the issue of them being too often attacked . 
  even the chinese government stepped in to pressure the french government to react and protect its chinese community . 
  source in french after quick google search : http://www.lemonde.fr/societe/article/2011/06/19/des-milliers-de-chinois-manifestent-a-paris-contre-l-insecurite_1538052_3224.html, 
  i see what you 're saying , and i also understand that everything you said makes perfect sense and is surely true . 
  as you said , these particular hoodlums throw out racist comments all the time . 
  but that 's kind of part of my point then . 
  whites do get racially abused by some of them , and it does n't really matter if these guys are racist with everyone else too , or that it 's because they 're uneducated . 
  the point is thus that whites here can also be on the receiving end of casual racist insults . 
  i 'll agree though that the form is different . 
  whites are more likely to experience racism in the form of street thugs , whereas minorities could in addition experience discrimination in the mainstream world . 
  but i still consider that despite some hurdles , ultimately a well spoken minority in france can make it just fine , and integrate into a group of white friends without significant difficulties , just like op described his experience in germany . 
  sure , but think what 2 % of gdp of smaller nations/economies is worth ( not to mention most european nato countries do n't spend the required 2 % ) . 
  unless these small countries pool their money together for greater projects , like building some jointly administered aircraft carrier or financing a foreign intervention , all these small countries could afford with 2 % of their gdp or less is infantry with perhaps some tanks and a couple jets . 
  well , i do n't know ... `` sale fran\u00e7ais '' , `` sale blanc '' , `` aryen '' are little names i remember being called in my lifetime , and those are only the ones i understood . 
  if it were the equivalent insults to minorities there would be no doubt it 's racism . 
  but it 's true that our society tends to say that there ca n't be any racism against the `` dominant '' people . 
  on a related note , i have spoken and hung out casually with `` racailles '' on other occasions , and the amount of open antisemitism i heard from them is baffling . 
  i 've heard antisemetic remarks or jokes from average white frenchmen , usually quite timid . 
  from these other guys however , it was proudly out there in the open , with not the slightest hesitation . 
  some of these guys are obviously full of hatred . 
  now surely i agree there are socio-economical reasons to explain it all . 
  anyway , i 'd be surprised if most young whites in france living in or close to `` projects '' or `` ghettos '' have n't experienced this sort of racial harassment at least once in their youth . 
  i 'll admit that this sort of thing has n't happened to me in at least 5 years , now that i 'm a young adult . 
  i 'm not only older ( and this sort of thing , i think , typically happens to young people , as most hoodlums are also young and will target people in their age bracket ) , i also do n't go out as much all night ( because i 'm over it now - too tired to party ) which thus rarely puts me in a situation where i 'd encounter those `` racailles '' who lurk around seeking trouble . 
  however recently , if you want a more specific story , a few months ago i had a racially heavy encounter ( not a physically violent one , it 's just my last experience of the sort ) . 
  i work at the reception of a hotel . 
  one client who was some 40 year old arab french , who initially seemed nice , got mad because he claimed his pants were stolen from his luggage in the hotel 's premises . 
  i felt i was being very understanding , polite and concerned , while trying to explain that i personally could n't do anything about it , and he 'd have to wait to speak to the manager the next day . 
  i was fucking baffled . 
  race card thrown in my face in front of tons of other clients to humiliate and degrade me . 
  and by some 40 year old dude of all things . 
  i actually have american citizenship already . 
  i 'm a dual french and american citizen ( though technically i would still be an immigrant since i was born and bred in france ... but they would n't known that - i have a good american accent , but if they sense a little bizarre sound or expression i 'd just say i 'm part cajun :p ), 
  i do n't know if i was attacked specifically because i was white , but the racial slurs may suggest that motivation , or at least the inherent racism of these thugs . 
  but anyway , i think i know enough about how things are in my country to consider that some hoodlums like that specifically would rather target whites and east asians . 
  regardless of motivation , the racial slurs do ( or should ) qualify these things as a hate crime under french law . 
  heh , that was an interesting rebuttle . 
  i do n't have anything to respond really :p, 
  i do n't know about more practical . 
  do n't you have to look at previous similar cases each time do know the precedence ? 
  sounds like a pain in the ass . 
  good to know you did n't read my comment . 
  yeah , i get what you 're saying , but as another redditor answered , wallonia really is n't that different from other northern regions . 
  there would be some solidarity as we could easily start seeing them as french . 
  with our economy as well it would n't be too catastrophic to absorb them . 
  we could handle it . 
  `` here , take a metric system and a civil code '' . 
  ^ that is quite helpful to be honest , 
  i 'd definitely be a redneck if i lived in the us . 
  they 're the coolest americans !, 
  haha , at least people would stop being confused between calling it netherlands , holland or low countries . 
  just `` flanders '' . 
  easier for everyone . 
  in wallonia ? 
  well first off , in wallonia , i think most do n't want belgium to separate . 
  however i have seen polls ( a couple years back ) wherein if belgium separated , a slight majority of the walloons who answered the poll stated they 'd ( reluctantly i guess ) accept being integrated into france as a region . 
  in france , most people do n't really think about this issue . 
  but the same poll was asked to frenchmen wherein a strong majority ( in the sixty percentile ) said they 'd support integrating wallonia in france if belgium eventually split up . 
  i 'm from paris , so this is out of the question . 
  but i have origins from brittany , normandy and wallonia in belgium , so for fun and games i 'll answer for those regions as if i have any legitimacy in stating my opinion . 
  for brittany : no . 
  brittany is to france what scotland is to the uk in a way , but it 's more of an integral part of france . 
  everyone in france loves brittany , and there 's an equal relationship compared to other regions , which also have their own cultures .
