  first of all the common culture , and then the ancestry . 
  also , genetic studies found jews from all over the world had ancestral ties . 
  people in detroit had a very successful kickstarter campaign to finance a statue/monument of robocop : http://www.theguardian.com/film/2013/sep/26/robocop-statue-detroit-kickstarter that would have been pretty awesome , and symbolically a nice touch to the crime-ridden and economically unequal city . 
  and i 'm pretty sure detroit needs stuff that can actually bring niche tourists . 
  edit : i found a recent article about it . 
  apparently it 's actually going to happen : http://metrotimes.com/news/take-a-look-at-detroit-s-robocop-statue-1.1629190, 
  a stadium would be cool . 
  damn , that would have been so fucked up !, 
  well , i 'd say ukrainian and russian are much closer to eachother than catalan and french . 
  catalan and french are n't mutually intelligible at all . 
  ukrainian and russian , from what i understand , are fairly close . 
  but that 's beyond the point . 
  i just think that in the case of ukraine partition should be considered as a viable solution . 
  we 'll have to see how all this new government business turns out . 
  maybe it will do fine , and people will get along . 
  i just think that , beyond the eu 's economic interests , maybe partition could be a better solution , for [ the few regions which are russian-speaking ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/46/ukraine_cencus_2001_russian.svg ) , and very pro russian politically . 
  17 % of ukraine identifies as ethnic russians . 
  that 's not the case for eastern ukraine . 
  not to mention , self-identification to the ethnic group of your country is a fairly basic and meaningless response . 
  people self-identify as `` canadian '' for god 's sake . 
  but anyway , the 17 % is for ukraine as a whole . 
  eastern ukraine has a much larger number of self-identified russians ( though it depends on the particular region ) , who consider themselves culturally russian at least ( they align with russia , they think they should be part of russia , they speak russian , and are ethnic russians ) . 
  now surely , most perhaps answered they were ukrainians in the last census , but the political alignment suggests a great divide , and now with the current state of the country , a new census might reveal very different results . 
  the percentage here are native ukrainian speakers : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f4/ukraine_cencus_2001_ukrainian.svg, 
  battle of agincourt battle of trafalgar battle of waterloo there you go !, 
  i mentioned the most popularly mentioned british victories over the french . 
  i know how much the british love mentioning those individual battles all the time , as if to make a point or something , so i saved some time for future commentators !, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  i mentioned the `` french connection '' and the `` youths '' ( who are mostly muslims sure , i do n't think i was beating around the bush , we all know what that means ... and anyway , i mentioned the french connection first so i 'm not pointing a discriminatory finger really . . ) . 
  * marseille ... is the second city by population . 
  paris still has some 3 times the population . 
  anyway , it 's considered a haven for crime , be it from the old `` french/corsican connection '' or street thugs ( you know ... `` youths '' ) . 
  and no one wants to go there . 
  it has some economic interest , and is culturally important . 
  the southern coast as a whole is culturally very important . 
  so marseille is in and part of a culturally strong region . 
  historically , marseille was an ancient greek settlement , and has always had an important port . 
  our national anthem is named after the city ( `` la marseillaise '' ) - but it 's just because it was sung by troops marching from there or something . . 
  the song itself does n't refer to the city . 
  france is so centralized on paris , that ultimately even the second city is n't very influential . 
  i believe is the second city by gdp , and third by population . 
  it 's considered a nice city . 
  developing , young , and good for business . 
  you might want to go there if you 're a student , even a foreign student . 
  again , france is so massively centralized on paris , that paris sadly crushes any competition culturally , so it 's hard to notice the other cities . 
  lyon has some great food . 
  it 's a gastronomical capital , and is one of the birthplaces of the art of top notch french cuisine . 
  historically , lyon used to be the capital of a gallo-roman province which stretched through most of current french territory , and since then it has always been quite a significant city . 
  i know this may be a controversial opinion . 
  it 's simply my opinion , and if you disagree i 'd love someone to offer counter arguments . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with partition . 
  western governments are all about how ukraine should stay how it is . 
  same with the central african republic currently . 
  i realize partitions may perhaps hurt some economic interests or whatnot . 
  but i feel partitions in these cases may be for the best . 
  these partitions , which are on cultural , linguistic , ethnic , or religious grounds are understandable . 
  one might regret it . 
  we 'd all rather people get along , than separate . 
  but with a partition we could all just move on from there . 
  in the case of ukraine , we 'd have an easier time integrating western ukraine to ties with the eu , without the pro russian , and culturally russian eastern ukraine . 
  ps : i should say , perhaps , that i disagree with flag burnings like this one . 
  i totally agree that everyone should chip in . 
  but the problem is , ultimately , that france has more interests in these countries than other eu nations do , which is why other nations are always so reluctant to intervene , and france keeps finding itself alone . 
  all in all , it 's in all our interests that regions of the world stay stable , and even more so since we 're in an economic union . 
  but yeah , i guess those countries with large armies , like britain , just consider that the monetary and political cost of sending troops outweigh the benefits of a stable west/central africa . 
  this is eu + a couple non-eu countries which have closer economic ties with the eu . 
  there are plenty of maps which focus on only these countries , because often the studies are commissioned by the eu . 
  you 're weirdly agressive in both your comments here , for no reason . 
  maybe you should take a pill or something . 
  most of the time , countries do n't expect the statues they erect to be pulled down by a revolutionary mob . 
  and anyway , tightly fixing a statue will just make it slightly harder to pull it down . 
  if the crowd wants it destroyed , they 'll make it happen no matter what . 
  so basically , what i 'm saying is that tightly fixing a statue is pretty useless and stupid , unless it 's in a region prone to hurricanes or something ... 
  i was actually thinking of switzerland 's direct democracy when i was writing my comment , wondering if it would be a counterargument , but i concluded it was n't one to the point i was making . 
  switzerland still has laws regulating their democratic process . 
  i was defending the point that a democracy simply needs some regulations , which may technically look like they 're undemocratic . 
  different countries deal with those limitations differently . 
  when it comes to spain , it does seem pretty undemocratic of them . 
  it probably is in a sense . 
  but spain is most definitely a democracy . 
  however , their unique system makes it they do n't accept that a region can hold a referendum for independence . 
  it 's the same in the us , it 's the same in france , and probably in most countries , including most democratic countries . 
  that 's why i 'm surprised the uk allowed it for scotland . 
  but i guess the uk has a historically much different relationship with scotland . 
  i believe louis ck has the best solution for time travelers to `` destroy '' hitler 's drive without having to kill an innocent baby hitler : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egeetu9vm6e ( sorry , the title of the video spoils it ) . 
  the thing is that democracy does n't mean allowing any kind of elections , or candidates , all the time . 
  there are rules , regulations , which make the democracy possible . 
  i realize the catalonian situation does beg for a referendum and all . 
  i 'm just defending the point that a democracy is n't about free elections on every possible subject , for everyone , anytime and regardless of preexisting laws or rules . 
  that would n't be sustainable . 
  not to mention i do n't believe there should be laws punishing hate speech , so long as they 're not direct calls for violence ( though people argue that they cause violence anyway , but the limit of what is hate speech or not is n't clear , anything offensive could be considered hate speech ) . 
  please do n't . 
  and of all things , `` pet projects '' like this could consolidate europe . 
  more like the french revolution i find . 
  the spanish civil war was much more like a conventional war with a frontline , and two opposing , actual armies . 
  then again , the french revolution had some of that as well . 
  i guess we can just consider this is its own historical moment , and not compare it to others , 
  well , we do n't refer to the british as `` anglo saxons '' . 
  that would be weird to us too . 
  we do however often say `` anglo-saxon countries '' , and by that we mean `` western , english-speaking countries '' , which often have a similar system , even the us , notably a similar law system ; so it makes sense to group them in a one expression which is n't just `` english speaking country '' .
