  sure , shooting down innocent people is n't brave in of itself , but willing to essentially ruin your life , if not sacrifice it , for a cause you believe in ( no matter how detestable a cause ) is everything but cowardly . 
  no poll makes marine le pen winner of the next presidential election . 
  she may get qualified for the second round of the presidential election ( which would make her the first or second most popular individual candidate , mainly thanks to the many other candidates dividing the mainstream votes between eachother ) , but she would n't get more than 50 % in the second round , unless a miracle . 
  at best she could get 35 to 40 % in the second round ( which is a large defeat for a second round , but pretty good for a non-mainstream candidate ) , but that 's only if she faces off against a particularly disliked or incompetent mainstream candidate . 
  agreed , that 's exactly what i was thinking . 
  whisky is a popular youth drink at basic parties . 
  in france , ai n't no party without some beer and wine of course , but when it comes to liquor it 's whisky , vodka and perhaps tequila and rhum . 
  but whisky is definitely a crowd favourite , and cheap whisky at that , because like with the other liquors , it 's just mixed with sodas or juices to make some trashy cocktails . 
  well , there 's this one which is n't too bad in that regard ( the 4th pic is the relevant one ) : http://imgur.com/a/etovk, 
  well , `` gallic '' is still used in english when referring to something french . 
  though i agree that the french complain a lot , it 's not entirely self-reported so you ca n't blame the french ... ( if this index was entirely self-reported , france would probably self report itself as amongst the most unhappy in the world ... ) ...  elements such as equality , gdp per capita , social help , life expectancy , `` perceptions of corruption '' and `` freedom to make life selections '' in all but social help and life expectancy , for these other factors i 'd say france would be in the lower tier within the western world . 
  so that makes a good handful of countries that `` beat '' france in these areas . 
  i 'm still kind of surprised it 's so low . 
  i 'd have expected france would be in the 20s max . 
  that 's ... pretty common knowledge , but thanks anyway . 
  maybe every other country should find another name for macedonia/fyrom . 
  the same way germany has other etymologies for its name in different languages : deutschland , alemania , germania ... etc. 
  everyone else should call fyrom something that just does n't have an etymology related to macedonia . 
  not to mention many people who have heard at least a little about the dispute may think greece is being petty . 
  i think greece is completely justified in being pissed off about some unrelated slavic country so blatantly usurping their history . 
  if you think paris is one of the ugliest cities , you must know that your tastes are dreadful . 
  i do n't care if it 's `` just your views '' , you obviously completely lack taste , or you have n't visited paris properly , or you have n't seen the general aesthetic mediocrity that most cities around the world live in . 
  i read this stuff all the time , but i actually live in paris . 
  sure there are dirty areas , and sometimes you see trash here or there . 
  but i 've been to many other cities in europe and the us , and in comparison , the paris i 've experienced for the last 10 years is comparatively not that bad at all , especially for a city so dense , and so popular for tourists ... 
  it 's fine . 
  but some people have extremely high expectations , so when they see some trash here and there , like there is in every big city , well cause it 's paris they ca n't take it . 
  as for rude parisians , it 's the opposite ; i think it 's confirmation bias , and cultural misunderstanding . 
  i mean i work in tourism , and i get lots of positive comments : `` so beautiful , people so nice . . etc. 
  '' , that i can only assume that those who say the exact opposite are either responsible for their bad experience or were unlucky . 
  i mean that ridiculous `` paris syndrome '' thing from the japanese . 
  seriously , the japanese have only themselves to blame . 
  what do they want ? 
  a little blanket ? 
  haha, 
  savoie and ( the majority of ) the c\u00f4te d'azur have never been italian speaking . 
  they 're mostly franco-provencal and occitan land ( which in essence are languages of france ) . 
  so there 's no comparison there ... if we want to be serious . 
  that makes me think of north africa or the arabian peninsula . 
  i did n't think you have sand dunes/deserts in turkey . 
  not to mention that the italian land bordering the mont blanc is the aosta valley , which is historically french speaking ( though mostly italianized as of late ) . 
  mont blanc french clay !, 
  well , musicals are indeed rather an american and british thing . 
  there are very few notable examples from france as well . 
  i was just saying , may as well say it in the title ( `` what are your countries ' versions of american classic songs ? '' ) . 
  because with my expectation of getting non-english/us songs , and seeing only disney songs as examples of what you 're looking for , it just looks like we 're completely americanized . 
  i 've got nothing against the us . 
  us culture is the closest we have of a contemporary common culture in europe . 
  but it 's kind of like how most countries in the eurovision sing in english . 
  just kind of sad . 
  oh , you 're actually just asking for the translations of american disney songs in other european languages ? 
  the title of your post is somewhat misleading . 
  i thought we were going to talk about our own cultures ... 
  burgers and `` jambon-beurre '' ( ham-butter ) sandwiches are n't comparable . 
  burgers are a hot and heavy meal , whereas the [ jambon-beurre ] ( http://www.francetvinfo.fr/image/754x7cp9m-935c/1500/843/5719865.jpg ) is not only cold , it 's a fairly light sandwich . 
  if i go to a restaurant there 's no way i 'm ordering a jambon-beurre , though most likely an actual restaurant does n't have it in the menu in the first place , considering it 's a takeout snack . 
  a classic french dish has a central meat and something on the side ( potatoes , fries , green beans , salad . . etc. . ) . 
  so a burger is highly adaptable to the french way of presenting dishes , considering a burger is eaten the same way , as the central meat with a side food . 
  most basic french restaurants will have all the classic french meat dishes , like duck confit , beef steak , magret . . etc. . and sure , you can often find a hamburger as well . 
  it 's familiar and fun . 
  i would n't take a burger in a real restaurant , because burgers are easy to cook at home or to takeout in fast food joints , so i 'd rather have a quality meat in a restaurant , but otherwise i gladly chomp on burgers . 
  everyone in france loves burgers , so i do n't see why these articles ( the burger thing in france is talked about every year ) are always trying to make a point about the snobby french . 
  obviously we 're not snobby , we gladly eat burgers . 
  but also italian pasta , german sausages , dutch cheeses , spanish fish dishes , english meats ... 
  we 're pretty used to restored ceramics , or restored mosaics and whatnot , where the restored part is just some plain white structure or something , used to hold the original structure while differentiating itself from it in an obvious manner ( and not be deceptive . . ) . 
  here it 's the same thing . 
  though i must admit it looks slightly bizarre . 
  but to be fair , again , it 's not the first time a ruin is restored with such plain constructions . 
  i 've worked in archaeology in france and this seems pretty common practice to me , though again , in this particular case the modern protecting structure seems too overwhelming . 
  i like using `` labour '' and `` colour '' and all , not to please the english , but because that spelling is more indicative of the french origin of the words :d, 
  i 'd say you can live fairly comfortably in paris with 3000 a month , but i 'm used to living in a fucking closet here . 
  typically , one should rent with a third of his salary . 
  so 1000 euros can get you a 30 m \u00b2 apartment in paris ( that 's like a two room apartment , with kitchen and bathroom ) . 
  seems great , then you have 2000 euros left per month to live pretty well i 'd say . 
  i 'd say it smells like fresh bread , or cow dung . 
  i imagine swedes or finns who like and are used to surstromming , if they watch these reactions , it 's like me being disappointed when foreigners are disgusted by an aged smelly camembert cheese ( ie , the best kind ) . 
  it 's like `` screw you and your safe fucking tastes . 
  at best you 'll have some hot pepper powdered on your tacos to actually give it some taste , but otherwise you ca n't stomach anything strong that 's not the usual common salt or sugar dish '' . 
  then i get off my high horse and know for certain i 'd probably puke at the first smell of surstromming too . 
  yeah , urban france is definitely the sound of chinking glass and background conversations going like `` heubeuleubeuleu ... 
  i imagine germany with the sound of trains on tracks , or braking . 
  i also imagine a soft female voice speaking german , saying `` genau '' or something . 
  i agree overall ( though physically , females * do * reach sexual maturity earlier ) , but i was just trying to be a smart ass of sorts about that subject . 
  the whole deal is strange considering it 's wildly known/said that females mature earlier than males do , both physically and mentally . 
  so when two 16 year old heterosexuals have sex , apart from the fact that they should be both mature at that age , the female is likely to have been mature since much longer time than the male has . 
  so of all things , if we absolutely want to blame someone , it 's the female who likely took advantage of the impressionable young barely pubescent male :p, 
  i 've sometimes heard that a difference between french and english colonialism is that the french had a tendency to mix more with the locals/aboriginals/natives , whereas the english shunned interracial marriage further ( not saying they were more racist or something , just that they had a different relation with their subjects ) . 
  an exception may be australia where whites were rather encouraged to `` breed the aboriginals out '' . 
  what 's weird is that just today at work ( in france ) , a colleague of mine was talking about exactly that . 
  but i had heard something of the sort before . 
  not sure where it comes from . 
  it 's true that france had a harder time finding people to emigrate , and thus colonials did often have to find wives among the natives . 
  even in quebec , which is the `` whiter '' remnant of a french colony , it 's somewhat known that the french trappers took indian wives a lot . 
  i did n't imply that france or italy had more or less diversity in their cheese . 
  i meant to say that cheese is a very diverse food type ( not only is the milk produced from different animals , it 's then turned to cheese in an infinite number of ways and forms and shapes and sizes ) , so it 's almost silly to compare cheeses from one country to another , considering how diverse the food type is in the first place ( let alone in each country , region and whatnot ) . 
  that 's not the point . 
  you could do exactly that if i claimed the uk committed crimes and france did n't . 
  that 's what happened here ... 
  i guess you did n't get the point of the post , which was answering to an ignorant statement by a british mp . 
  it 's right there in the post ...
