  we practically skipped ww2 because we were still recovering/thinking of ww1 . 
  sure , ww2 is the last big one we 've had so its immediate impact is more obvious . 
  but in our long history , it 's just 4 years of horror . 
  we still have vets and survivors alive today , so it 's in our consciousness . 
  but we 've moved on , and do n't base our policies on who helped us back then . 
  the biggest example is our closer friendliness with germany , than with the anglo world . 
  because relationships evolve . 
  that 's how we 've always done it . 
  in france it 's mostly seen as an embarrassment . 
  that 's why we do n't need you ignorant fucks saying racist shit about the french being cowards all the damn time . 
  we 're already very bitter and ashamed about it , especially considering the military is such a big aspect of french culture , before and after ww2 . 
  everyone was shocked , including the germans , at our quick defeat . 
  we know we lost surprisingly fast . 
  fuck you . 
  more seriously , it did forge part of our modern identity in a somewhat special way . 
  de gaulle is our most beloved modern figure and directed the course of modern french politics . 
  the need for reconciliation with germany . 
  the need for building lasting peace in europe ( european cooperation -  european union ... ) . 
  the need for us to be capable again ( nuclear deterrence , what we call `` force de frappe '' , and a relatively independent foreign policy compared to other european countries ) . 
  when it comes to how we actually perceive ww2 , we call it `` l'occupation '' ( the occupation ) . 
  it 's often called `` the dark hours of our history '' , though that expression has become quite ridiculous/clich \u00e9 as newer generations are more removed from that time period . 
  we 're very self-critical about the collaboration . 
  we treat p\u00e9tain ( the dictator puppet of the nazis ) as the devil , more so than the generations who lived under him , and the immediate generation after . 
  we try to reassure ourselves with stories of the resistance , and the free french army , and de gaulle . 
  not to diminish their brave accomplishments . 
  but they 're the people we want to look up to , though reduced in numbers . 
  the americans are seen as saviors ( at least nowadays . . 
  i know about the survey where the french used to believe the ussr was the main victor of the war . . no need to mention it ) , though that does n't mean we need to eternally kiss their ass ( see my previous argument about being independent in foreign policy ) . 
  it was a war . 
  we 've had many . 
  sometimes we win . 
  sometimes we fuck up . 
  we change alliances from one to the next . 
  there 's no eternal gratitude . 
  history 's longer that that . 
  yeah , in smaller towns around france , travelling circuses are quite a common form of entertainment . 
  kind of weird , but i think it 's perhaps something more traditional in france than elsewhere . 
  we 've had travelling artists , troubadours and shows since charlemagne :p, 
  math checks out . 
  do n't you just want to take a big bite out of it ? 
  i 'm not op though . 
  just saying . 
  just do it in both , with different voices , so she gets more samples :p, 
  implying the english and aussies are n't loud . 
  yeah , i had submitted [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2dkhet/if_frangleterre_francobritish_union_had_become_a/ ) a year ago . . hehe, 
  well since the 1850s we 've been fighting wars alongside britain . 
  also , historically we 're more interconnected , our history is more similar too . 
  we 've been on a similar level for centuries , in many aspects . 
  i 'm pretty sure the southern half of france feels more like italy or spain , but the nothern half , however , seems somewhat further removed from mediterranean countries . 
  and thus the only country left with whom we have a connection , an intricate relation , and that 's remotely comparable in size/power , is britain . 
  also i feel easily at home in britain , and i feel british tourists ( at least in paris ) also think the same . 
  other nationalities are n't as casual here imo . 
  it largely depends where you are in france . 
  a regional connection could be with spain , italy , switzerland , germany , belgium and britain . 
  but in a broader country-wide general sense , perhaps i 'd go with italy . 
  surprisingly though , an argument could be made for britain as well imo . 
  thanks to self-service cash registers in supermarkets now , with machines which accept all coins , i easily get rid of my cents . 
  whenever i go to that supermarket , i just take a handful of cents , indiscriminately , and throw them in the machine ( it 's not slots for individual coins , you can just throw in a pack of them and the machine will sort them out ) , and then i pay whatever 's left to pay . 
   phuc said . 
  dat unfortunate name dough . 
  yeah , i 'm kind of expecting a bomb like john carter or jupiter ascending . 
  three of these points can be attributed to the simple fact that poland was treated much more severely by the nazis , and mostly outright annexed . 
  other occupied nations were n't given such a hard time from the get-go , despite some massacres and deportations which happened elsewhere also of course . 
  hitler hated slavs , and poles in particular . 
  poor buggars . 
  not diminishing their accomplishments though ... 
  it 's easy to be the world 's most peaceful country . 
  you just need to be deep in the safest region , to count on others to protect you , and not give a fuck about those who need help . 
  not that i blame iceland . 
  they 're a small country and can afford it . 
  i 'd like him to try this one though : je parie que tu t ` imagines d\u00e9j\u00e0 en train de sucer ma bite au rythme des coups de fouet de mes couilles sur ta gueule . 
  huh , ok , maybe he should go to berlin then , where people are more used to his phenotype :p ^ ( no insult intended , warsaw ), 
  where are you originally from ? 
  maybe that 's a detail that can help , considering ultimately , you should see what 's most different from what you know . 
  for the safety index , is a higher number better or worse ? 
  because i have a hard time believing paris is either best or last in terms of safety . 
  i 'm guessing it 's worst to have a small number . 
  i 'm surprised though . 
  i feel paris is quite safe for such a big city . 
  prometheus : implies panspermia , that dna was brought to a primitive barren earth by extraterrestrials . 
  but had previously showed grasslands . 
  ( i just convince myself it 's green-coloured soil . 
  is it ? 
  it 's true it 's not exactly clear , but the science is just all over the place anyway ), 
  the international communist secret agenda ? 
  i 'm kind of dusty on my dutch history , but did n't you get your independence as a result of the 30 years war ? 
  which involved many other powers seeking to crush spanish habsburg hegemony once and for all ? 
  not trying to diminish your accomplishments though , and i may be wrong in the first place . 
   making ties with usa even closer exactly . 
  you 're welcome , considering i 'm also american  but i do know that . 
  that 's why you jumped into that `` coalition of the willing '' thing , for a bullshit war they forced you into . 
  great allies you got there . 
  alright , next time you 're defeated , again , by invaders , we 'll be sure to sacrifice our lives for you again . 
  hopefully this time , we 'll meet up to your expectations , less you call us pussies . 
  so you expected france to attack germany and the ussr ? 
  sorry , we were fighting germany with britain in norway , and failed . 
  sorry we were n't always around to save you from constantly being attacked by your neighbors . 
   and all you do now is bitching about an internet pic . 
  the mere fact that you 're answering me shows that you too feel that you have to react to insult , just like me , so you should perhaps find the empathy in you to understand how fucking annoying this is from my perspective as well . 
  you 're in exactly the same boat here .
