  i 'm french so i may have bias , but france may be the closest thing to a hard power amongst eu nations , as it does have a fairly independent foreign policy and often uses military action as means to protect its interests abroad , or is a leading force for a coalition meant to intervene , like in libya lately . 
  other nations like britain have similar military capacities , but as far as i can recall it has n't used its forces independently of the us since the falklands war in the early 80s , but i may be wrong . 
  and of course , other eu nations have joined us-led coalitions here and there with their limited troops , most notably in iraq and afghanistan . 
  but those things are n't decided by the eu institutions , but independently by the governments of each member state . 
  most of these countries do n't have a uniform weather , as they 're actually bigger than you think , and europe , with its peninsulas and mountains , can be very diverse in terms of climate . 
  for france for example , the north will typically be cold and dry , whereas the south will be mild and humid . 
  wikipedia pages for individual cities usually have a climate section which details average temperatures throughout the year . 
  wikipedia pages for cities , and sometimes regions , usually have a `` climate '' subtitle which details average temperatures throughout the year . 
  here 's [ for munich ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich#climate ) for example , and you can check out all the other cities you 're going to be in . 
  what do you mean by not well located ? 
  there are metro stations all around paris . 
  you ca n't be further away from 10 minute walking distance from a metro , no matter where you are . 
  also , the monuments and places to visit are all around paris , so there 's not one central location where you have quick access to all the places you should visit . 
  anyway , lots of hostels in paris are in the north east . 
  those are the more `` dangerous '' neighborhoods of paris , but it 's not the ghetto either . 
  they 're fine . 
  but anyway , if you want to avoid those , there are plenty of other hostels around the city . 
  otherwise , you should look for a price range in the 30 euros per person , per night . 
  that 's actually very cheap for paris , and should be the normal price range for a hostel here . 
  with one week you should limit to 2 countries . 
  as others have said , using the eurostar to get to paris is the easiest travel idea from london . 
  maybe stay a couple days in paris , and from paris you can book a night bus using idbus or eurolines to reach a benelux city . 
  it 's practical to take a night bus as you can sleep on the bus , so you save both time by sleeping whilst traveling and money by not needing to pay for accommodation . 
  if you do that though , be sure to book a night bus a few weeks in advance , because the places tend to be sold out fast . 
  hey man , do n't go to paris for new years . 
  i live in paris , nothing happens on new years . 
  barely any fireworks . 
  i work in the tourist industry in paris and i can assure you , you will be disappointed . 
  for festivities and such , the only good day to be in paris is for the national holiday on the 14th of july . 
  otherwise paris is great , but do n't waste the new years here . 
  i 'm sure there are other european cities which offer more for new years . 
  maybe you can try nice in the southern coast of france . 
  very nice medium sized city , more upper class in a way , and with a strong culture . 
  so you have no previous choice of which countries you 'd rather visit ? 
  i mean you 're asking kind of blind here . 
  if you at least narrowed it down to a few top countries , it would be then easier for people to suggest particular places to visit . 
  for now , the only suggestion i can make is that considering the fairly short time period , you should limit your visit to only a few countries in close proximity to eachother , and stay at least a couple days in each area at a time . 
  say you have 5 points for a 10 day trip . 
  large countries like france , germany , italy , spain , uk are worth 2 points . 
  other smaller countries are worth 1 point . 
  so you choose the countries you want and ca n't go over 5 points :p, 
  sure , but in recent years this has diminished . 
  chirac , who was president 3 presidents ago , was the first president to not attend some annual show about the victory in the battle of austerlitz . 
  basically , to say things crudely , napoleon is n't pc enough to have full praise in today 's france . 
  i 'd say all in all , he 's a respected historical figure , but is officially not seen as heroic at all . 
  however , the casual frenchman can display some admiration for him and it would be fine . 
  i think in the us there might be a case for the argument of more people wanting to be cops because they like the idea of having that power , or because they imagine themselves as cowboys - something which could possibly lead to the situation of american cops being generally more aggressive at times . 
  a similar case can be said about the american military which often recruits pretty much kids , whereas in europe they are smaller militaries but more focused on professional troops . 
  also , the us can be considered more dangerous than european countries , when it comes to violent crime , and number of weapons in circulation , so why this does n't excuse unwarranted violent behaviour from policemen , it 's somewhat understandable that us policemen could be more on edge than those in europe, 
  the tv show `` un village fran\u00e7ais '' is the only good french tv show i can think of . 
  it 's about a french village during the german occupation in ww2 , but i feel it 's rather catered to french tastes . 
  otherwise , a good recent french film which international audiences should appreciate is `` a prophet '' . 
  it 's a gangster film , was pretty well received and distributed for a french film so it should n't be so hard to find . 
  the trailer does n't do it justice but here it is : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l69arbqt-ko, 
  if you like metal music , the hellfest in western france , typically in mid-june , is getting bigger and bigger and usually has great classic lineups . 
  i 've never bought wine outside of france , but i also hear they 're much cheaper here than in most other developed countries . 
  anyway , you can buy wine in the supermarket . 
  all of them have a fairly large choice . 
  the bigger the supermarket , the larger the wine section . 
  and yeah , as i said , a wine bottle typically goes from 2 to 20 euros ( and more of course , for some ) , and you should aim for 5 euro wines at least . 
  a good wine should be soft and warm on the throat and that 's easy to get for 5 euros , whereas a cheap 2 euro wine can be hard to swallow . 
  i 'm no expert , but that 's how i 'd describe it . 
  when are you travelling to europe ? 
  if it 's this summer , definitely book hotels now , in advance . 
  incredibly , paris has a shortage of hotels ( due to the general housing crisis surely ) compared to the number of tourists who come here . 
  i work in a hostel , and every night we 're fully booked in the summer , and every night i have the displeasure of having to tell freeloaders that they 're fucked for tonight because we 're booked and all the hostels i know of are booked as well . 
  for france , you should book your train tickets in advance if you have a set calendar . 
  go on : http://en.voyages-sncf.com/en/ this site is the train service website , it 's very reliable , and high speed train is the preferred method of travel in france ( it also does most of western europe ) . 
  if you 're not sure of your calendar , i believe you can pay a relatively small extra fee when you book a train which would allow you to cancel . 
  i can talk to you about visiting paris . 
  considering it 's often a once in a lifetime thing , i would recommend you visit the most prominent sites . 
  they 're `` touristy '' , yeah , but they 're touristy for a reason . 
  because they 're high quality cultural sites , and there are few places like them in the world : * the louvre - i think only the british museum rivals it , and perhaps the smithsonian . 
  so you have to see it . 
  you should plan half a day for visiting this museum . 
  an entire morning , or an afternoon . 
  in reality , you wo n't have time to visit it all in that time period , because it 's huge , but unless you 're superman you ca n't see it all anyway . 
  so go take only half a day and you 'll see it 's organized in themes ( roman , assyrian , italian renaissance , classical french art ... etc. . . ) . 
  to be honest , i 'd recommend you include the classical 19th century french art section , because you 're in france , and you 'll recognize many famous works such as [ the raft of the medusa ] ( http://lettres.ac-rouen.fr/louvre/imroman/meduse.jpg ) , [ liberty leading the people ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a7/eug%c3%a8ne_delacroix_-_la_libert%c3%a9_guidant_le_peuple.jpg/758px-eug%c3%a8ne_delacroix_-_la_libert%c3%a9_guidant_le_peuple.jpg ) , [ napoleon crossing the alpes ] ( http://www.picturalissime.com/t/david_alpes.jpg ) and whatnot , and it 's amazing how large those paintings actually are in real life . 
  * versailles - this is in the suburbs of paris , but very easy access . 
  also , it 's huge . 
  600 rooms , plus a garden and marie antoinette 's little fantasy village . 
  again , just take half a day to visit it , although you could hang around for longer . 
  * obviously the eiffel tower , the arc de triomphe ( not really necessary to go up ... apart for the novelty of being able to say you went up , it 's kind of a waste of time to queue for an hour just to see the city from high above , when you can do the same much quicker from the montparnasse tower , which is the only skyscraper in paris ) . 
  * invalides museum . 
  this is a war museum ( focused on ww1 and 2 mostly ) , which also houses napoleon 's tomb , so that 's pretty cool . 
  right next to it is the relatively smaller mus\u00e9e rodin , charming little garden and museum dedicated to the sculptor rodin , who 's known for [ the thinker ] ( http://www.musee-rodin.fr/sites/musee/files/styles/zoom/public/resourcespace/1051_4b7adf46d20e8f7.jpg?itok=cxqmornp ) . 
  you can do both in half a day , or less if you 're quick . 
  * p\u00e8re lachaise cemetery , old place where many famous people , old and new , are buried . 
  check out a list of the famous people buried there , and plan ahead how you 'll go about seeing them , because it 's huge . 
  but if you know more or less where you 're going it can be a quick visit . 
  * the montmartre neighborhood has partly become a tourist trap , but it still has some charming aspects . 
  there 's the sacr\u00e9 coeur cathedral nearby and the moulin rouge a little further . 
  * the `` quartier latin '' ( or latin quarter ) , just to have a feel of parisian architecture . 
  * next to the latin quarter is the fairly big luxembourg garden , which is quite nice if you want to just relax in a classy parisian environment . 
  another nice park is the botanical garden called the `` jardin des plantes '' . 
  it also houses two seperate museums , one is the superb natural history museum , and another is focused on fossils and that sort of stuff ( including dinosaur fossils ) . 
  if any of these things interest you , you must browse their websites , because many museums are closed one day of the week . 
  usually , it 's either monday of tuesday . 
  but i advise you visit their websites to be sure .
