  example : `` ello , i ham french '' . 
  what the fuck is this sorcery ? 
  annoys the shit out of me xd, 
  as a bilingual french-american with a `` normal '' accent in both languages , i find the french accent in english absolutely ridiculous . 
  however , the english and american accents in french are just as ridiculous . 
  i guess that even though english borrowed a lot from french , and french now borrows a lot from english , the languages , their tones , are painfully incompatible . 
  i 'm french and i agree . 
  but i thought most people would vote france so i figured i should even it out and chose austria . 
  if you speak slowly , us french can understand you . 
  we 're like language bros. . high five ? 
  he used the term `` eastern europe '' in the general sense of the ex-eastern bloc countries i guess . 
  i do agree however that 20 years later , that notion has little sense anymore considering these countries can hardly be thrown in the same bag anymore , so the notion faded away and countries like czech republic are now often considered central europe rather . 
  the subtleties of geography . 
  fascinating stuff , 
  portugal ( and southern italy ) is practically an exception . 
  obviously , he meant to be pretty general - as anyone is - when speaking of the generally more developed western europe to the lagging `` eastern '' europe . 
  i was kidding . 
  i meant turkey which i do n't consider part of europe . 
  oh yeah , indeed . 
  my bad . 
  i guess i confused it with some dust on my screen . 
  for some reason , i thought it would be more visible . 
  and andorra  i think we should be able to see it in a map of this size . 
  what 's that big red and white rectangle south-east of the map of europe ? 
  yeah , lets make the eu a subject of anger , not only for the recent members , but for the founding members as well !, 
  actually , that makes me the opposite . 
  well , one can criticize the us all he 'd like but china is much wo ... 
  wait ... 
  i was going to make a speech about why the us should be more appreciated than china , but i actually said everything that needed to be said : `` one can criticize the us all he 'd like '' . 
  they 're not . 
  couscous is still a north african dish , curry is still an indian dish , regardless of the fact that they 're eaten and highly appreciated in europe . . 
  though in france , full veils are illegal now . 
  they 're not illegal in the us . 
  for those who do n't understand , it 's a response to [ this ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_-3a_pulldka/s-hohjqe9bi/aaaaaaaaani/fwvrlimqw2u/s1600/themaindifferencebetweeneuropeandusa.jpg ) and as a frenchman , i must say that was a good response . 
  edit : there are other good ones out there : [ here ] ( http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3333/4646175684_e87c22d4ec_z.jpg ) and [ here ] ( http://1-media-cdn.foolz.us/ffuuka/board/sp/image/1341/48/1341482792512.jpg ), 
  no offense to the great irish people , but their influence on eu matters is rather ... limited . 
  or perhaps i did n't get what you were saying - surely you do n't mean that since the english language took over ireland it can just as easily take over continental europe and eu institutions ? 
  i realize this is a difficult subject matter . 
  but , there is such a thing as `` fran\u00e7ais de souche '' which is basically a frenchman of `` pure '' french roots , ie his known ancestry lies only in the modern borders of the country . 
  he ca n't claim polish , italian or moroccan ancestry . 
  for all he knows he 's 100 % french ( though of course , if it were possible to track down his ancestry to before the 10th century , he may have italic , german , british or scandinavian ancestors - but since the viking settlements up to the 1950s - hence for a thousand years - the ethnic background of french people stayed grossly the same ) . 
  anyone can get to call himself french since the term has no meaning anymore because citizenship is thrown around like fliers . 
  otherwise , the minimum amount ( in addition to being bread here ) is having at least one family line which is french up to time immemorial . 
  that is , further than genealogy can tell . 
  of course , one ca n't really differentiate between different degrees of ethnic french origins , so one has to settle with three distinct ones : 0 % french origins , partly french in origins , and 100 % french ( `` fran\u00e7ais de souche ) . 
  i 'm not saying one is superior to the other in any way , i 'm saying `` fran\u00e7ais de souche '' are clearly more french for the simple and obvious fact that they are the indigenous french people . 
  that word , `` indigenous '' . 
  it 's weird how everyone agrees that this word has meaning except when it applies to european people . 
  i do n't get anything per se . 
  i was simply answering someone who was suggesting that any immigrant , or person of immigrant origin , is just as french as the other , or as a `` fran\u00e7ais de souche '' , because of legal citizenship . 
  i do n't deny immigrant 's citizenship . 
  i deny their ethnic , historical and cultural attachment to this country and land . 
  they are just as french as others by law , they 're not just as french by their origins . 
  the term `` racines '' in french is pertinent here . 
  i 'm born from a half french father and a foreign mother . 
  other questions ? 
  the fuck you talking about ? 
  beautiful . 
  i know my views are n't pc - when it 's applied to a western country . 
  but yeah , abdul hakim who speaks arabic with his parents at home and refuses to eat saucisson , but has a piece of paper saying that he 's french just because he 's born here , he may have the same rights as any other frenchman , but i do n't consider him `` just as french '' as pierre legrand who grew up in his family farm in the limousin and has no ties to foreign countries because his roots lie strongly and only in his region . 
  by law , pierre legrand 's not more french than abdul hakim , but by blood , history and culture , he 's a typical frenchman . 
  abdul hakim is not . 
  by the way , my mother 's an immigrant . 
  citizenship is a piece of paper that western governments tend to hand out like a pez dispenser . 
  they may be french by law , and thus have the same rights , but they are n't breton , norman , auvergnat , picard ... their family does n't own a small rural farm in burgundy which has belonged to their family long before anyone cared to write it down , they do n't know about a small church in the pyrenees where their first recorded 17th century ancestors married , they do n't have a grand mother who still speaks a regional dialect , their last name is n't a typical ethnic name which means `` artisan '' in occitan ... 
  yes , they are french by law and deserve the same rights and duties , but they are not as french as those who actually have original historical backgrounds in the country . 
  i 'm not talking pieces of paper here , i 'm talking blood and origins . 
  iraq anyone ? 
  seems like we do n't agree with everything after all , eh ? 
  why would the european army speak english ? 
  who said that would be the official language of the eu army ? . . 
  you know , the eu ? 
  for which britain is probably the most skeptical about ? 
  thus why would english be its language ? 
  that 's the problem . 
  what language would they use in an international army ? 
  here 's what i think : it would be an international army , with a common high command , but soldiers wo n't be mixed around . 
  they 'll stay in units with only their countrymen - or at worst units will be formed of soldiers of the same mother tongue ( german-language units for example could span a few countries ) . 
  i believe the belgian army has dutch and french units , and rarely mixes them . 
  i 'm sorry , but unless they are french converts , muslims are n't as french as i am because their family history in france does n't go back to times immemorial . 
  mine does . 
  if i get to live in a cheyenne reservation or in japan , and get `` adopted '' or citizenship , i wo n't be crying out that i 'm just as cheyenne or japanese as the others . 
  because i 'm not . 
  it 's more about halal shops and mosques opening all around , and people praying in the street , and veiled . . and girls not staying out alone and too late at night in a big city , and not dressing too ostensibly cause they know they have higher chances of being insulted when they dress too nicely or sexy ... perhaps an arab word here or there enters the casual french vocabulary . 
  but it has no influence on french culture really . 
  i mean , stupidly pro mass-immigration people constantly say that french culture is enriched by these `` new '' cultures pouring in , but to my knowledge , when a guy opens a chinese restaurant in paris , it stays chinese food ( albeit westernized ) , and is n't considered french food . 
  french culture stays french culture and the only influence to change it comes from the breeding out of the original french population , and parts of the culture are thus replaced more than influenced by others . 
  alcohol is intoxicating and addictive , so in my books it is a drug . 
  agreed . 
  i would have answered `` dual education system '' ( thank you wikipedia for providing me with the translation of what we in france call `` alternance '' ) . 
  i 'm studying my masters in a business school half of the week , and the other half i 'm working in a business which is paying for my school and paying my salary ... there was no pertinent answer for this . 
  i had the same objection at first , since i 'm french with blond hair and blue eyes . 
  i picked both germanic ( since my origins lie in normandy and nord ) and mediterranean ( since i 'm latin by culture ) . . but yeah , us french people are by definition in between when it comes to that sort of ethnic-based question ... we 're a mix of celtic , italic and germanic ( and basque ) . 
  we 're the embodiment of western europe actually :d and strangely , france is still among the most unified countries in europe with very weak separatist sentiment . 
  hopefully , this time china wo n't get a better appreciation score than the us ... ( says a frenchman ... but seriously , that was fucked up last time ) . 
  by the way i tried to get my flag , and tried it twice a couple weeks ago , and it does n't seem to work . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i do n't think northern mali stands a chance of becoming a bastion of al-qaeda and terrorism like afghanistan was for the simple reason that it 's too close to western europe . 
  before 9/11 , afghanistan could be ignored by western powers for decades because it was `` over there '' . 
  northern mali , frontier to algeria , at western europe 's doorstep ?
