  anyway , i do think it is a genuinely good novel . 
  if one is into novels , i 'd definitely recommend it . 
  and to me victor hugo is one of the best french writers and poets overall . 
  modern : * planet of the apes * by pierre boulle ( a true page turner , relatively short so you can read it in a weekend , and it 's nothing like any of the movie adaptations so even if you 've seen them all you have plenty to discover in reading the book . 
  not to mention it 's easy to find in english translations ) . 
  classic : too many to choose from really . 
  it may be kind of clich\u00e9 to suggest the following , but they are really great books : * les mis\u00e9rables * by victor hugo , * the count of monte cristo * by alexandre dumas , * candide * by voltaire . 
  yes , he 's a target and victim of my hunting and lurking ... * sigh ... *, 
  the uk has been a country of immigration for much longer than spain has , hence it has more people of foreign origin , who have since become citizens , and have had kids who are thus british citizens as well . 
  so on paper it may seem the uk has fewer foreigners , but overall the uk is much more multi-racial , and has much more people of foreign origin . 
  not to mention british overseas territories are often composed of british citizens who are n't ethnic brits , and can migrate to britain at their leisure . 
  nowadays , perhaps the uk still offers citizenship to immigrants more easily than spain does . 
  but even if it were n't the case anymore because `` enough is enough '' or something , considering the much larger waves of immigration to the uk than to spain in the past , the uk is still currently much more diverse ethnically than spain is . 
  having gone to spain , including big cities , spain looks pretty white to me , at least in comparison with what i 've seen in france , which is more comparable to the uk . 
  also , many immigrants to spain are latinos from the americas , who are arguably culturally much more easily integrated into spanish society , than muslim pakistanis , hindu indians , or subsaharan blacks can be in british society . 
  spain does get some of the african immigration , but comparatively speaking , at least historically in the long run , it 's small potatoes though things may have started to change recently . 
  countries are more or less generous when it comes to offering citizenship to immigrants and their offspring ( * jus soli * ) . 
  if this map were about people ( citizens or not ) of exclusively foreign origin , it would look very different . 
  i read that it 's estimated that only one third of french people do not have at least one foreign-born grandparent . 
  admittedly , i 'll have to try and find that source again though ( i myself have an immigrant mother , and even on my french side , my grandmother was foreign - though she was a walloon belgian so that 's practically french :p ) . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say , but it seems you 're using a classic argument that i 've heard a lot . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but you consider that since these animals are bred and slaughtered for consumption anyway , using a less painful and/or less terrifying way of slaughter is meaningless ? 
  you find that it 's a hypocritical concern ? 
  i understand where that argument is coming from , but i do n't think it 's valid . 
  i think calling it `` rights '' is n't wrong . 
  i mean , having to take extra-steps so that the slaughter is as painless as possible is a hassle . 
  it 's definitely about `` rights '' for animals to get a least-painful death as possible , just like regulations against battery farming are about their `` rights '' to live a decent life before being slaughtered . 
  i get it though , they 're `` slaves '' anyway , but as long as we still eat meat , the process of producing meat may as well be as painless as possible for the animals . 
  do n't argue . 
  i 've had countless debates about this , and some people are somehow convinced that halal slaughter which traditionally is simply slitting the throat of a conscious animal until it bleeds to death ( a few minutes of drowning in its own blood , terror , and pain ) is `` more humane '' than stunning the animal before cutting its throat . 
  i do n't understand how they get to that conclusion , but they will defend that position nonetheless . 
  something about the stunning pistol not actually working properly , an argument which the halal apologists just take out of their ass . 
  makes one wonder why non-religious slaughter even bothers to use pistols if they do n't work . 
  it seems to me that among the fast ways to kill an animal and drain its blood , slitting a conscious animal 's throat is the least humane . 
  cutting its head off in a quick guillotine-like blow would be more `` humane '' . 
  i mean saying that the hallal way of slitting the throat is `` one of the more humane ways to kill an animal '' is ridiculous in the first place , because it implies that islam has a moral high ground about this , when in reality every culture naturally and traditionally uses this method of killing . 
  since recent times we invented the stunning pistol and we know it 's better , so we who are n't stuck with some bronze age practice use it . 
  it 's kind of like gmos . 
  some countries do n't produce them , but import them anyway . 
  then again , it 's more about protecting biodiversity than about consumers , so it 's understandable that gmos can be imported but not produced locally . 
  yeah , even some more popular and widespread beers can be good enough . 
  i like grimbergen for example . 
  it does n't seem anyone has given you a proper answer although it 's pretty easy to answer . 
  france has quite a lot of regional cultural diversity . 
  the north-east of france is closer culturally , and in terms of food , to the neighboring benelux countries and germany . 
  so beer consumption is naturally higher there . 
  in other food products they are closer to their neighbors too . 
  the south of france naturally has a more mediterranean culture , so wine will be preferred , as well as other typically mediterranean products , such as olive oil instead of butter . . etc. 
  central france also has quite strong wine culture . 
  the north west of france has colder oceanic climate , and celtic and norman culture to boot , so they 're not really wine countries either , hence why they 're also similar to northern countries in consuming more beer , cider and whatnot . 
   how 's the consumption calculated ? 
  i 'm assuming it 's calculated by the amount of alcohol legally bought and reported by local businesses , and then divided by the population . 
  ( or by the amount imported and nationally produced minus the exports ) . 
  but tourism surely skews the numbers slightly , as some countries known for their booze have a larger market thanks to tourists who consume alcohol on site . 
  that 's the case for wine in france for example , where most tourists do n't come to france without trying wine , and i 'm sure it 's the same for vodka and beer countries . 
  also , in countrysides of all countries , farmers often produce some spirits or cider from their own products , and casually sell it to other locals . 
  but that 's sometimes not reported , and is basically a black market . 
  it also does n't take waste into account naturally . 
  indeed . 
  but to expand on op 's comment , besson did insert a couple french-related elements , like the name of the villain ; `` jean-baptiste emmanuel ( zorg ) '' , pronounced in a very french fashion ( although that serves absolutely no purpose plot-wise - but it does perhaps help to give an impression of overall weirdness and total melting-pot of cultures and whatnot which is what one might expect for some 300 years in teh future ) . 
  foreigners enjoy this film because it 's a foreign movie they can understand , considering it 's a mindless action film with admittedly well made action sequences . 
  french people think it 's crap because it 's a mindless action film , and because they can see how bad the acting is . 
  also no one likes `` chavs '' here . 
  yeah , it kind of stretches it . 
  kind of how there 's a proposed super-family which includes turkic languages , japanese , and native american languages , which is why you 'll occasionally find on the internet some turks mentioning their closeness to japanese or native americans - which is totally artificial because even if it were true linguistically , it 's only through modern linguistic research that any proximity was established . 
  and ultimately , all languages can be thrown into the same super-families if we stretch it all enough . 
  i do believe the celtic language family is closer to latin than to germanic languages . 
  i mean , if one would draw a tree exposing the evolution of indo-european languages , the celtic languages and latin languages would be on close branches . 
  well , celtic culture , and language presumably , emerged in central europe , in and around austria from earlier indo-european migrants in what we call the [ hallstatt culture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hallstatt_culture ) which was rather `` proto-celtic '' ( 800 bc ) . 
  we ca n't really say that celts , as we define them today , were the first indo-european settlers , because celts as we define them did n't exist yet . 
  but a few hundred if not thousand years since the first indo-european settlements , the celts eventually emerged and dominated much of western europe . 
  the latins and other italic indo europeans emerged at around the same time , and the mycenaean greeks however appeared even earlier in their region of europe ( 1600 bc ) . 
  edit ; oh , you were talking about the area of today 's basque country . 
  sorry , i thought you meant europe as a whole . 
  that explains why you were speaking of celtiberians :p, 
  i know . 
  i do n't see where my comment implies otherwise . 
  oh yes , indeed , ca n't believe i forgot that one . 
  yes , they are . 
  without any doubt . 
  off the top of my head , the only non-indo-european languages in europe , which are historical languages of europe , are basque , hungarian , finnish , sami , and crimean tatar ( i 'm excluding russia and the caucasus here , because then it gets complicated - and excluding turkish ) . 
  but as for op 's title , he 's right . 
  basque is considered a descendant of an early language of europe , before the indo-european invasion . 
  finno-ugric languages , which indeed are n't indo-european , came later too . 
  basque may well be descendant of a language family spoken by the migrant neolithic people 6000 bc . 
  or perhaps even the paleolithic hunter-gatherer people . 
  we ca n't really know since not only basque is an isolate language , we have no written records for languages before antiquity , which was already much after indo-european migration into most of europe . 
  edit : there are also historical , now extinct , non-indo-european languages of europe , like etruscan . 
  for a one hour explanation , this surprisingly does n't mention the historical and philosophical background for the mere idea of a united europe , or '' [ united states of europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_of_europe ) '' as victor hugo in the late 19th century put it , but instead jumps straight into the post-ww2 era . 
  i just wish there had been a more substantial explanation of the historical precedence to the idea . 
  i do n't know about the rest of the video , yet , but the banning of comments and likes has me wondering ... 
  gaelic is a celtic language , which makes it an indo-european language . 
  it seems it 's dubbed over , no ? 
  the mouth does n't move like the voice . 
  i do n't even speak italian and find the italian sounded weird too . 
  anyway , the french kid sounds fine , apart from the bad acting . 
  some of these submissions look like the artists thought europe was limited to greece and italy . 
  definitely art history majors :p, 
  ok , apparently you were offended . 
  sorry about that , i sincerely did n't mean to offend .
