  they consider themselves `` anti-sytem '' . 
  they can be described as nationalist at least . 
  they are for drastic reduction in immigration , they 're anti-eu , and take security as a major argument/point . 
  economically , they tend towards more regulation and government control , as opposed to privatization and complete free market capitalism , though they 're also for reducing taxes for businesses and whatnot , so economically it 's hard to pinpoint them on a left to right scale . 
  then we have the more modest parties which still have an impact ( perhaps around the 10 percentile on a national level ) : * parti de gauche ( the left party ) : evolved from the old communist party , they 're to the left of the socialist party and often criticize it for not being left wing enough . 
  they regroup most of what 's called the `` far left '' . 
  they 're eurosceptic in the sense that they do n't want a capitalistic eu , but more of a social one . 
  they reject crony capitalism , and have most of the tropes of progressives , are for open borders and whatnot . 
  * center party : ideologically mainstream , basically a middle ground between the socialists and the right wing . 
  depending on the times , in general they lean more to the center right . 
  they 're more for the free market , while being socially more progressive . 
  * les verts ( the greens ) : ecologist party , you know what that means , it 's the same everywhere . 
  otherwise , they 're left leaning , i 'd say somewhere between the far left and the mainstream left ideologically . 
  but is it still kosher or hallal if the animal is knocked out before ? 
  because my impression is that these communities are pissed because if the animals are knocked out before slaughter , it does n't follow the ritual anymore . 
  that 's why we wanted the possibility of having two flairs here :( to show dual identities , or even a political opinion ( eu , `` world '' . . ), 
  i was speaking of the comment before yours , by your fellow brit who 's obviously infused with a lot of francophobia , so then getting your comment simply made it worse . 
  there was no context of sarcasm to your comment . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  if i say `` fuck you you british scum '' , and then claim it was just a joke , you 'd say the same thing . 
  i fail to see how insulting people is funny , especially following an extremely berating comment which is inexplicably upvoted . 
  if you want to convey sarcasm or something , it needs to be implied more clearly . 
  because i was born that way . 
  i , for one , am not obsessed with wanting to dislike the british all the time , like most french people . 
  but if that 's your thing , to think about us all the time , have at it . 
   the british border does n't start at the point where french strikers start blocking roads , where french farmers start attacking british trucks or where immigrants france is responsible for policing happen to be at any given time . 
  seriously though , why do you have to be a dick ? 
  italian unification definitely would n't have happened considering france [ outright annexed ] ( http://www.cartesfrance.fr/cartes/histoire/departement-france-napoleon-1812.png ) a large part of central italy , including rome . 
  the kingdom of italy up north had napoleon as king ( and administered by his step-son ) , though it was n't officially integrated as part of the empire . 
  i would n't be surprised if napoleon would have eventually wanted to integrate the kingdom of italy into the empire , which would thus have linked the illyrian province to the rest of the french empire . 
  french romanticism at the time considered france was daughter of the roman empire and they thus wanted to be seen associated to it ( the napoleonic eagle is a pretty evident sign ) , kind of like how the roman empire itself wanted association to ancient greece . 
  napoleon surely considered italians , being a romance catholic people , would be easily integrated to the empire , like catalonia . 
  for the netherlands and northern germany though , i believe it was to more easily control the blockade against britain . 
  op 's link though talks about 40,000 reaching back to vilnius , which is in reality closer to reality i think . 
  still a huge casualty figure . 
  sweden being one of the most ridiculously progressive societies , being publically accused of racism by an international celebrity with a worldwide audience ; [ dis gon be good ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/1pilujb60ccgw/giphy.gif ), 
  the scandinavian countries regularly go to the toilets to jerk eachother off . 
  estonia wants in but no one gives him a chance . 
  greece orders some cocktails all the time , drinks them , but does n't have money to pay , so germany pays for them in the condition that greece stops ordering drinks and just sits there doing nothing . 
  france thinks they should just pay greece a few more drinks . 
  britain does n't want to pay anyone 's drinks anyway . 
  yes , i could easily consider portugal western europe , and also southern europe . 
  it 's one of these ambiguous countries . 
  kind of like benelux countries , or even germany , not sure if western europe or `` central europe '' which is now a new thing ( invented for eastern european countries who ca n't seriously pretend to be western , so `` central '' is a solution for them :p ) . 
  the reality simply is that `` eastern europe '' has a negative connotation , so those who can are trying to pass off as something else , be it `` central europe '' or `` northern europe '' . 
  i 'll agree though that since the fall of the ussr , many of these countries have been straying in different directions , which would justify loosing the `` eastern europe '' name for all ex-soviet bloc countries , and just keeping it for an unlucky few which have no choice ( like belarus , ukraine . . ) . 
  it is true that estonia , for example , is pushing to be like northern europe . 
  i would n't say it 's there yet though , notably economically . 
   crazy we have been able to accomplish this in just 10 years or so uh , it depends on the perspective of when one can consider we started , really . 
  pretty though . 
  lol , okay , sure . 
  i said estonia , czech republic and slovenia . 
  i decided to vary with different places but the other two baltic states , and croatia , and slovakia , would be fine for me , but too close to my other choices . 
  if i did n't chose poland it 's simply because i 'd prefer a `` cute little country '' . 
  poland is too big really . 
  well , uh , i agree ... a french person of polish origin discovered something . 
  or a polish-french person . 
  or a polish person with french means ... whatever one prefers , i 'm the first to grant , and share , the person 's polish background . 
  i do n't mind in the slightest bit . 
  throughout history and still today , we have other famous scientists worthy of praise so keeping or loosing one does n't change much . 
  but it 's often funny how some people want to take everything curie has done as exclusively polish just because she 's an ethnic pole . 
  that 's kind of ethnocentric , and seems like a logic that is n't applied to countries like the us but are to france in relation to curie . 
  it 's pretty normal for immigrants , or people with foreign origins , to name things for their countries of origins . 
  no one denies that marie curie was an immigrant from poland . 
  no one denies that chopin was half polish . 
  marie curie however studied in a french university , since in russian poland women were bared that right , and made her discoveries with french money , with french grants , on french premises , with french partners and teams . 
  she may be polish in origin , and that 's great and fine . 
  but the research and discoveries belong to france . 
  i do n't think in antiquity we knew that gold had an atomic number of 79 . 
  i 'm pretty sure some us discoveries must have been made by immigrants . 
  but it 's us money , us research . 
  it 's kind of how tesla 's patents would be american , not serbian . 
  same here . 
  i actually do generally appreciate the moderation , including / u/dclauzel , notably for the time spent for ensuring that this sub is n't too crowded with double posts and ridiculous ones and whatnot . 
  i happen however to disagree with this particular flair , and i explained why , including but not limited to my concerns over possible bias ( and even if i believed there were no bias , i 'd still believe there would be a possibility of bias in the future ) . 
  otherwise , i realize my comments may have annoyed you , and thus i 'm sorry about that , but your mention of conspiracy and illuminati or whatever is a complete red herring . 
  believing in a bias is a very reasonable thing to consider , and does n't make me a conspiracy nut . 
   i mean , if we were really all progressive sjws ( although i hate the word sjw because it 's just used to straw-man all the time ) then do n't you think we would have done something about all of the anti-immigration comments , commenters and submissions ? 
  well you have . 
  you now mark them as `` controversial '' . 
    no , only submissions with hot stinky discussions . 
  `` naus\u00e9abondes '' ( = which induce nausea ) in the french perspective , is practically only used to criticize extreme right wing ideology . 
  i wo n't believe any denial about that , as the association is simply way too strong in france . 
  there is absolutely no doubt . 
  it 's less obvious in english , but we still know what would qualify as a `` stinky discussion '' . 
  it 's not redditors ganging up saying how great homosexual marriage is . 
  though to an ultra-conservative , it is controversial , so you 'd have to note pro-gay-marriage `` circlejerks '' as controversial . 
  but we know you would n't ( for the record , i 'm pro gay marriage . 
  i 'm just giving an example ) . 
   prefers french food over german that 's just common sense though . 
  just throwing it out there , i 'm completely against it for the following reasons : * it 's clearly the mod team 's opinion , and will probably ( certainly ) refer to posts or discussions which are against the progressive/liberal view . 
  * the flair catches the eye , and makes these posts more visible than others . 
  * we 're not babies , thankyouverymuch . 
  then again , we 're not fucking babies . 
  we do n't need the mod team to hold our hand telling us to be careful of potentially hurtful comments or whatever . 
  the cartoonist simply has no understanding of the situation , or more realistically , he tries very hard not to understand . 
  it 's not you who does n't get it . 
  it 's him . 
  well , 1950 is the year one of the most famous french photos was taken . 
  it 's called `` le baiser de l'hotel de ville '' , and looks a little like the american kiss photo after the victory in ww2 .
