  turkey does , that 's why they 've been begging for decades . 
  thankfully though , it 's true that turks have been fewer and fewer to want to join and that 's a good thing . 
  hopefully , turkey will give up altogether in a near future . 
  we dodged a bullet there !, 
  exactly . 
  dumbass kids who respect nothing , and then turn it around saying they 're delinquents because they get no respect . 
  by `` free vacations '' it means their school class gets a paid trip to some place ... trust me , it exists . 
  i 've seen it many times . 
  well , l'internationale is probably the least patriotic song ever , unless you want to call it proletarian patriotism . 
  but it 's certainly not a french patriotic song , which is what op was asking for ( nations ' patriotic songs ) . 
  damn . 
  you just reminded me of that one . 
  i 'll be back in ten minutes ... 
  french national anthem of course , and i honestly believe it 's one of these anthems with the greatest lyrics , and the most bad ass . 
  otherwise : a world war 1 song which is rather anti-war than patriotic , but still fairly well known ( it was written by anonymous french solders during ww1 , and banned by the officers but it was still sung ) : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzbvcosi9i8 the official song of the french resistance during ww2 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcdoansaqos charles trenet song `` douce france '' , which is so french and sweet : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixyegpyudsu, 
  kids from `` difficult neighborhoods '' get free vacations . 
  they get tons of free shit because the government thinks it will make them behave . 
  but they 're not that stupid . 
  the more they fuck shit up the more the government spends money for them . 
  i can only recommend you stuff for france/paris . 
  here goes :  what 's the cheapest option for traveling to france and will it make sense to do it at night ? 
  it does n't make sense to do it at night . 
  london to paris is an extremely short ride , be it by train , plane , or even boat . 
  i 'd recommend taking the eurostar ( the tunnel train under the sea ) cause it 's quick , not a hassle like the airport , and you 'll get to see the countryside of both south england and northern france rushing by , and you 'll be dropped off in the center of paris . 
  the plane can be sometimes cheaper i guess but it is a hassle , plus you 'll be dropped off in the northern suburbs of paris , which are kind of gloomy and far away from paris , and have to take the shitty suburb train . 
  another option which i thought was pretty cool , though it takes some time , is to take a ferry boat that goes from south england to calais it 's actually pretty nice to take a ride on the sea , especially in september/october ( i did it then ) when it 's nicely fresh and windy . 
  it 's also probably the cheapest , however it 's surely the most time consuming and least practical . 
  from calais you can then take the high speed train to paris . 
  all in all , i 'd recommend you take an early morning eurostar , comfy and practical . 
   how long would it realistically take a tourist to visit the eifel tower , the louvre , the seine river and the palace of versailles ? 
  and what 's the best way to travel to notre dame de paris ? 
  you can take an entire day and see largely enough of the louvre , notre dame de paris , and walk around the old neighborhood ( quartier latin ) surrounding both these places . 
  they 're very easily accessible , and you should walk from one to the other because those are the nice neighborhoods . 
  september/october is n't the touristy season in paris , so you probably would have a fairly short wait to enter the louvre . 
  the louvre is huge as a mother fucker , so i 'd suggest you rather decide beforehand which art or history periods you really want to see , start with them first casually , and then you can `` run '' through other parts of the louvre if you have to . 
  but the louvre is definitely too big for you to see everything in only one day . 
  so perhaps you 'd want to see the louvre in the morning , have a lunch break and walk to notre dame . 
  visiting the cathedral should be very quick . 
  then head by subway to the eiffel tower which is n't too far away ( 15 minute train ride , but you 'll have to change trains ) . 
  i do n't know how much of a queue there would be at the eiffel tower , or how long you 'd wait . 
  i 've only been up there when i was really small . 
  but again , sept/oct is n't the tourist season so it should do . 
  take a second day to see versailles , which is accessible by train into the suburbs , but still at some distance away , and the palace and gardens are fucking huge . 
   is paris easy to navigate ? 
  extremely easy . 
  the subway system is extremely dense , fast and easy . 
   are there any city tours i can join without a booking ? 
  if so , where 's the best place to find them ? 
  if you want to see the seine , i could recommend taking a `` bateau mouche '' , these tourist boats that go up and down the river . 
  i believe there are stations for that sort of thing right by the notre dame cathedral ( which is next to the seine ) . 
  just go down to it and ask around . 
   recommendations on any good hot spots ? 
  sorry , nothing really extraordinary comes to mind . 
   what 's the night life like ? 
  it 's okay i guess . 
  not incredible . 
  just regular bars , nightclubs and shit . 
  i would n't really know what to recommend really . 
   recommendations on any hostels/hotels ? 
  sorry , never took a hotel in paris . 
  but for cheaper housing , i 'd recommend you stay at what we call `` auberge de jeunesse '' which is a youth hostel . 
  usually full of young tourists your age . 
  like this one : http://www.aloha.fr/index.php but there are many others . 
  though your language is harsh , in the end it is true . 
  thing is , when i read the title , i fucking knew i would n't see the stereotypical dane , but rather mostly a bunch of ... `` danes '' . 
  it 's often the same with `` french '' going abroad . 
  these kids in `` troubled neighborhoods '' get their holidays paid by the state , and then they fuck shit up in the nice little countryside they get to visit . 
  when i use `` rednecks '' for non-americans , i usually mean country folk , not urban youth ... 
  i think russian sounds both cool and pretty . 
  i 've actually even started taking russian classes very recently . 
  i 'm only at learning to read and write cyrillic for now . 
  it 's fun . 
  with the little pronunciation rules and all it 's like playing a puzzle game . 
  hopefully though , we 'll soon start actually learning words ... 
  oh yeah , i was shocked when google/youtube actually asked for my real name . 
  at least we can refuse to give it though . 
  i do n't get why facebook wants people to use their real names . 
  it 's not like they 're a government agency or whatever . 
  how do they justify wanting to enforce that ? 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  no offense , but i find god save the queen to be pretty awful , and probably one of the weakest anthems out there . 
  just my opinion though - it 's not a judgment on the uk as a whole , 
  good . 
  i dislike the guy . 
  that quebecer chick in the video in the link is kind of annoying . . 
  yeah , i know they do . 
  but it 's cute nagging more than anything else , nothing to be offended about . 
  and without wanting to sound like a pompous ass , it kind of goes over our heads considering , you know , that if there 's one thing france is praised for it 's its culinary arts . 
  and snails are fucking delicious . 
  whenever i have a foreigner over , i make them eat that deliciousness and say sorry . 
  yeah , i forgot about them , probably because i now live in paris , and was technically always `` parisian '' since i used to live in the paris suburbs . 
  however i 'm not sure parisians are the `` butt of jokes '' . 
  they 're the butt of insults and hatred . 
  not really jokes like our belgian jokes or something . . 
  you make fun of them for eating something delicious ? . . 
  mountains , beaches , hot weather , french language and good food . 
  the french word `` sale '' for `` dirty '' does n't have as much sexual connotation as the english `` dirty '' . 
  i could n't imagine french `` sale '' being used at all in anything sexual . 
  in french slang speak , `` sale '' would rather be a joking way to say that someone 's an asshole . 
  if a friend offered a bum cash and then took it back , in french we 'd say `` you 're so dirty dude ! '',
