  the eu , however , is different . 
  we 're an economic union . 
  the burden of military defense should n't be on the uk and france ( and a few smaller nations ) only . 
  if an eu country does n't want to waste its time on building an army , it should at least help finance those willing to build a military force capable of defending the eu . 
  it 's the least they can do , considering they wo n't risk the lives of their citizens in case of war . 
  even very small countries like luxembourg could just offer 2 % . 
  if need be , luxembourg could be represented relatively to their financial contribution in some military/political counsel . 
  but all eu countries must participate in eu defense in one way or another . 
  quit it with that farming `` subsidy '' bullshit argument . 
  france spends more on the eu than it receives back . 
  france spends more on the eu budget than britain does . 
  we could use that money to subsidize our own farming industry . 
  instead , all that money passes through brussels , and ultimately we get back less than we could have if there was n't the eu in the first place . 
  but otherwise , sorry we 're the biggest country in the eu , and sorry our vast agricultural lands are used to feed most of our neighbors . 
  but ultimately , all this justifies our important subsidies . 
  if germany really , absolutely does n't want to build an offensive army , we 'd gladly take the money they do n't use for their military budget and use it in ours  actually , i 'm serious though . 
  there are lots of other eu countries which do n't meet the 2 % of gdp for their military budget because they pose as `` peaceful nations '' and whatnot . 
  i say fine . 
  you do n't want an army ? 
  i kind of get that . 
  if it 's against your nation 's principles . 
  but we 're protecting your ass , so give that 2 % of your gdp for those other eu countries who are willing to have an army . 
  we 'll do the fighting and dying , and risk taking for you , but i 'll be damned if you do n't at least participate financially into making europe safe . 
  yeah , i 'd welcome it if the germans built an offensive military again . 
  times have changed . 
  its neighbors have nothing to fear from them . 
  and we can always say `` just do n't make nukes '' , and thus we 'll still have the advantage . 
  not to mention i do n't think the uk and france should be pointed at here ... 
  they 're the only eu countries with capable , far reaching armies ( if push comes to shove ) , not to mention experienced armies , and the only with nuclear deterrence . 
  other eu countries have naturally smaller armies because they 're smaller countries ( except germany ) , but most do n't spend their 2 % gdp , and that should be an obligation imo . 
  wrong sub . 
  bad move . 
  is that facepalm in the original painting ? 
  it looks kind of off . 
  i 'm guessing it 's part of the joke here ? 
  the usa has to be our babysitter because in the eu , only the uk and france have capable armies , and even they need at least logistical support from each other and from the us in certain foreign interventions . 
  other eu countries do follow the rule of minimum 2 % gdp for their military budget , like greece , but those are rather small countries/economies , so ultimately their army is n't that impressive in comparison to those of countries like russia . 
  nonetheless , if we add all our military budgets together , it makes the armies of the eu quite large . 
  but we do n't have a common foreign policy , nor a common military command . 
  i do n't think any eu country is at risk of russian invasion . 
  russia would be stupid and suicidal to even attempt this . 
  but it 's embarrassing to be so weak that when russia invades ukraine , we just sit around unable to react in a strong manner . 
  russia does n't fear the eu . 
  it fears the us . 
  luckily for russian interests , the us is far away from ukraine , and in the last years has been loosing some interest in europe . 
  despite the willingness of some eu countries ( like france and the uk ) to intervene militarily in foreign conflicts , the eu is largely a `` soft power '' . 
  that 's what the `` fuck the eu '' from that leaked american diplomat phone conversation was about . 
  russia is a hard power . 
  and the us is a hard power . 
  one hard power can only be reasoned with by another hard power . 
  the eu , though technically a military superpower , and especially the number one economic power , is used to being slapped around by other world powers ( china with economic blackmail , russia with energy and military blackmail , the us with economic and political blackmail ... this is sad because if we were truly united , we would be able to counter that shit , and even lead it and do it ourselves to all of them ) . . 
  the eu seriously needs to step up and show its strength . 
  our eu leaders are basically either pussies , or just so divided that any common foreign policy is impossible . 
  you 're welcome . 
  way to twist what i 'm saying . 
  good job . 
  this whole affair is somewhat poetic justice if you ask me . 
  i remember , not a month ago , debating with other fellow redditors who were defending the fact that the eu `` does n't need to spend on its military '' . 
  now with the recent events , i do n't see any of these types of comments anymore . 
  i 've always said here , the uk and france ca n't be the only eu countries with an army worth a damn . 
  i realize relative size of eu countries is a factor . 
  all eu countries should at least spend 2 % of their gdp . 
  before , i was saying the only reason why the eu is safe is because the uk and france are in the eu , and because the us backs us up too . 
  but that 's not enough . 
  and we ca n't continuously beg the us to defend us . 
  it 's embarrassing and puts us in a position of weakness . 
  every eu country has a responsibility to defend our political union . 
  2 % should be an absolute obligation . 
  exactly . 
  there 's a legal process to accept immigrants . 
  this legal process exists for a reason . 
  many immigrants do come to europe legally , and that 's fine ( though personally , i think the process should be tightened , ie more difficult , but that 's off the point ) . 
  no one wants illegal immigrants , and there 's also a reason for that . 
  maybe because they have a wall blocking them out ? 
  just a guess ... also spain 's unemployment rate , and how no one wants more unskilled workers , which is exactly what these guys are . 
  also , spain is in the eu , which means any legal resident of spain can go to any other eu country . 
  i 'm french , and i do n't want them here , so technically , i can voice my opinion about not wanting them , because it does concern me and my country . 
  those who force themselves through a barrier and cheer about entering a country which does n't want them , they do n't have the empathy to realize they 're not wanted . 
  empathy goes both ways . 
  otherwise , if you can house these guys , go ahead . 
  fuck them . 
  seriously . 
  who the fuck do they think they are ? 
  what a despicable bunch of leeches . 
  i understand they may have difficult lives in their country of origin , but forcing their way into a country/continent which does n't want to and ca n't provide for them is n't the way to go . 
  no , i remember a couple years back when an actual german batallion , not the franco german brigade , participated . 
  and the commentator mentioned why they did n't lower their flag . 
  14th of july , the national holiday , or `` bastille day '' , every year . 
  it 's quite interesting to watch , but it 's nothing like the huge-ass parades involving tens of thousands of marching soldiers like some totalitarian states do . 
  just a relatively small group of every kind of unit , from military school students , to firemen , to armored vehicles . 
  ultimately , the parade is a show of submission of the military to the democratically elected president and his government . 
  that 's why when the units arrive in front of the president , they lower their flags . 
  whereas last year or so , when a german brigade was invited to parade with the french , the germans did n't lower their flags because they 're not submitted to the french president . 
  we just rather consider it a republican tradition , though some left wingers have called to end it . 
  edit : national holiday military parade of 2013 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoapnywn8ck, 
  in france , particularly around very touristic areas ( like the eiffel tower ) , or big train stations and whatnot , it 's not uncommon to see soldiers in full military gear holding their assault rifles and just walking around . 
  this is meant as a deterrent to terrorist threat . 
  [ by the eiffel tower ] ( http://www.defense.gouv.fr/var/dicod/storage/images/base-de-medias/images/terre/terre-images/bloc-a-la-une/images-dossier-reserve-operationnelle/vigipirate-des-reservistes-du-19e-rg/1460808-1-fre-fr/vigipirate-des-reservistes-du-19e-rg.jpg ) [ on the champs elys\u00e9es ] ( http://alpes.france3.fr/sites/regions_france3/files/styles/top_big/public/assets/images/2013/05/29/armee_12.jpg?itok=0_yxckvx ) [ some train station ] ( http://www.reserve22.fr/images/image%2009/vigipirate/dsc01293.jpg ), 
  i do n't know about `` race '' , which is scientifically not really accepted as a concept . 
  however , there are grounds for making jews an ethnicity .
