  i do n't think we 're that bad though , but perhaps i lack perspective . 
  however , to me , self-interest in everyday life , like running red lights , does n't have much to do with a sense of superiority , which we 're accused of . 
  stereotypes of french people , or parisians , being rude however , i 'm fine with and wo n't argue against it . 
  i think there 's a cultural misunderstanding factor in there , but overall that stereotype does n't bother me at all because i feel there 's some truth to it in general . 
  wrong : the french do n't have an innate sense of superiority over the us , or britain . 
  sure , we do think some of our products are better ; like any other country , we acknowledge we have some particular specialties . 
  that 's more of an objective truth than anything else . 
  but overall , the french are profoundly self - ~ ~ depreciating ~ ~ deprecating , whereas americans are the ones who debate about being `` number 1 '' or `` the best country in the world '' . 
  no frenchman in his right mind would ever be caught saying this . 
  i say this through experience of course , i mean in france we know we 're self-deprecating , but most [ polls ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2011/11/2011-values0010.png ) on this sort of subject will tend to agree with what i 'm saying . 
  i guess i 'm just kind of sick of this stereotype , especially coming from americans of all people , because i feel it 's very untrue , and it applies more to the people who accuse us of it . 
  edit : self-deprecating , not depriciating, 
  that 's called a `` benevolent dictatorship '' , or historically one could talk of an `` enlightened despot '' - many countries which ended up with a `` good '' monarch at some point in their history . 
  it 's a risky dice role though . 
  but as you implied , it 's only `` benevolent '' to those who agree with the course of the dictatorship 's policy . 
  so there 's something subjective about it , though granted , by definition a benevolent dictator seeks to improve the lives of his people as a whole . 
   she ate three eggs per day , two raw in the morning and then an omelette at noon who makes a one-egg omelette ? 
  yeah , i hope / u/ego _ non just made a typo . 
  if any king of france is famous , it 's louis xiv , who elevated france to the height of its military and cultural power in europe , not the one who was guillotined . 
  that 's how europe is divided in my risk edition , and yes , that area is called `` ukraine '' . 
  one may wonder though if russia could maintain its unity , and hold on to its diverse republics , if it were a peaceful and open country . 
  perhaps that 's partly why it ca n't make that transition . 
  pretty good documentary i guess . 
  burger king left because they were n't successful enough , and it then became popular after they had gone . 
  do n't ask me why . 
  yes !, 
  as a frenchman , whenever i travel to another european country with friends , we eventually go to a burger king :p it 's a big thing in france . 
  kind of a running joke . 
  to the extent that i remember an add for the eurostar which boasted that a burger king was only 2 hours away from paris ... in london . 
  yeah . 
  not to mention much of kosovo being `` albanian '' is due to late migrations . 
  that 's why the albanian nationalist saying this :  the national union of kosovo and albania is an indisputable right of the albanian people , who were unjustly divided by history kind of makes me chuckle . 
  yeah , but it 's not like france does n't have enough rural training ground . 
  the french foreign legion trains in french countryside for god 's sake . 
  ( not trying to insult . 
  i 'm french ), 
  what the . . ? 
  the fuck are french agents spying around , or training ( article not precise ) in rural bulgaria of all places . . ? 
  sure , but european politicians are sensible to their countries ' public opinions , and often adapt their discourse and actions accordingly - including for supporting or opposing turkey 's membership . 
  sarkozy for example was for it , then during his presidential campaign was against it ( because most french were ) and he `` promised '' to oppose it by any means necessary under his watch ... now i do n't know if just one person , even if president of a strong eu country , has the power to stop such processes if the candidate country qualifies . 
  perhaps through vetos . 
  in many independence movements the youth is often strong for the simple reason that old people fear change , they fear their retirement may suffer from a change of that magnitude . 
  it was similar in quebec for example . 
  the article speaks of ( non catalan ) spanish migrants to catalonia ... 
  i thought the napping in the middle of the day thing was weird too . 
  and then i went to spain in summer , and i slept during mid-day like everyone else . 
  in french , when we 're too lazy to say `` r\u00e9publique tch\u00e8que '' , we say `` tch\u00e9quie '' ( pronounced `` czecky '' ) . 
  i 'm guessing it 's the same for the english `` czechia '' ... kind of a drag to have to say `` czech republic '' all the time . . :p, 
  i 'd be willing to pay more taxes for the space program . 
  maybe we can cut taxes for truly useless things , like politicians ' accumulating salaries for example . 
  this has always been the case . 
  in france , and specifically paris , the hooligan movement was actually started by the first skinhead `` gangs '' who were inspired by the english . 
  we need to encourage people to procreate . 
  this can be done in several ways : through `` propaganda '' methods , but also by facilitating parenthood in its different aspects ( more available nurseries and free after school nurseries in public schools , easier parenthood leaves in jobs , perhaps more generous tax benefits per children . . etc. . ) . 
  it 's pretty common for eurosceptic meps to have low attendance . 
  i 'm not justifying it of course , it 's just common practice for these guys and i kind of get it . 
  they think the eu is a farce and thus have little motivation to participate in it . 
  holy shit , those are fucking terrible . 
  regardless of the acting , someone needs to be humanitarian and fucking give these nigerian directors one year in a decent film school !, 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  swedish immigrants in france are also the cause of most of the crime . 
  what a barbaric people , 
  yeah , i make shit up . 
  i 've never seen a muslim in my life , except every single day i wake up . 
  truth is , i sometimes caught myself defending muslims when i hear americans , who know fuck all about them , talk bullshit . 
  in parallel , i do n't hesitate to criticize the religion for what it is , and the people who identify as muslims for what they do . 
  i also criticize christianity when there 's an open opportunity . 
  but i tend to do it less often because it 's simply too easy and widespread , while muslims get too much slack from good-intentioned commentators . 
  do n't bother . 
  he 's a typical leftist scandinavian who lives in fantasy land where muslims and other immigrants are nicey victims of meanies . 
  i 'd love to see him hang around in the neighborhoods i grew up in in the paris suburbs . 
  give him a nice reality check and a little view of what sweden will be like outside of malm\u00f6 in 10 years . . 
  bravo . 
  today you learned that not everyone in a given country corresponds to the general stereotype , be it good or bad , that you give it . 
  not all french are pro-gay , pro-abortion , cheese eating , wine loving , shower ignoring people !, 
  amazing !, 
  the `` rejection '' of islam ( whatever that means , with your stupidly ignorant outsider view of it ) is n't something pushed by christians ( i 'm an atheist by the way ) . 
  the main `` blows '' on islam in france are due to the very harsh secular values of france . 
  for example , the veil bans in public schools and all , are enforcements of secular laws . 
  catholic institutions and leadership tend to be more open to islam than anything else . 
  at least in their official statements and actions . 
  muslims , by the way , joined the catholics in these anti-gay-marriage protests . 
  sure . 
  most first generation immigrants tend to though . 
  it 's their offspring who do n't know how shitty their ancestors ' lives were in their country who more often tend to not give a shit about how lucky they are . 
  yes . 
  obviously , europe 's geographical position makes it the go-to place for most of the millions of africans and middle easterners who want to try their lives in a free , modern society . 
  similarly , we hardly have any latin americans in europe , except perhaps in spain . 
  if europe did n't accept massive numbers of unqualified immigrants , there would n't be these problems in the first place . 
   the irish are way more inclined to buy a house than rent one like our european counterparts i think most people would like to own a house or apartment , but it 's often very difficult in some countries , or specific regions , where property is extremely expensive compared to the median salaries . 
  how about these big boxes with wings flying 30,000 feet in the air , with hundreds of passengers ? 
  crazy idea , eh ? 
  what ever happened to the development of these mega high speed `` trains '' in airless tubes which hit internet craze and fantasy a few years back ? 
  the idea seemed genius . 
  forgot what it 's called . 
  it 's a shame the us does n't have high speed rails . 
  france boasts a paris to marseilles high speed rail in 3 hours , which is pretty damn fucking fast , thus i 'd always prefer taking the train than hassle with a `` short distance '' plane flight , or day long car ride . 
  the us , with it 's open spaces , could do like china and provide some much faster high speed rails through the mid west . 
  imagine whizzing through the great plains at 500 km/h ( ~ 300 mph ) . 
  ok , then it 's just in copenhagen then ( i just heard it was a scandinavian thing , but only saw it myself in copenhagen and surrounding towns ) .
