  you just put quotes on something i did n't say . 
  that 's quite typical of people like you . 
  i 'll spell it all out for you so that your idiot mind can understand . 
  we were talking about neo-nazis presumably supporting the fn . 
  i agreed , because the fn is the only large party which has a very strong stance against immigration . 
  that 's not even a debate , that 's fact . 
  it does n't mean that parties which are more nuanced are `` naive '' . 
  and i 'm not saying the fn is right to be against immigration . 
  i 'm saying potential neo-nazis have no fucking choice in the matter . 
  if they vote , there 's only one party they could vote for . 
  it does n't make the fn a neo-nazi party . 
  a party is n't defined by some random people they have no control over . 
  just like how the [ nanterre shooter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nanterre_massacre ) is n't representative of the green party . 
  no , you 're an idiot because you called the fn neo nazis . 
  also i did n't say `` the fn is the only party with strong views '' . 
  you misquoted me in typical fashion . 
  i said `` the fn is the only party with strong views against immigration '' . 
  that 's a totally different sentence right here . 
  the rest of your comment is too idiotic to respond to , full of assumptions against me and whatnot . 
  i wo n't honor it with a response . 
  toulouse , and other cities in france like lyon , rennes , lille and whatnot , are thankfully starting to develop quite fast , thanks to recent efforts of decentralization . 
  toulouse itself , with its part in aeronautics , notably with esa , is developing as a high tech city . 
  i 'm from paris myself , but if anyone wants to take a year studying in france , i 'd suggest you study in any city that is not paris ( or marseille for other reasons ) . 
  not only are the other cities smaller and thus more on a human scale , and cheaper , but they 're also experiencing development , whereas paris is just big , crammed and sitting on its laurels . 
  oh , yeah , for sure . 
  however i 'd argue that antisemitism , as seen in the streets and whatnot , would be practically inexistent if it were n't for the french muslim population . 
  however , it 's also true that parties like the fn are much more concerned with muslims , and are thus only too happy to have arguments to try to demonstrate how muslims are problematic . 
  there is a historical antisemitism in france from some catholic people . 
  france has a very old historical far right , composed of catholic royalists , anti-dreyfus . . etc. . 
  but the rise of antisemitism in recent years can to me clearly be attributed to the growing muslim population in france . 
  this does n't mean there is n't any ingrained antisemitism in ethnically french society . 
  there still is . 
  but the rise of this problem is quite clearly related to some french muslims importing the israel/palestine conflict . 
  do n't listen to this idiot . 
  the fn is not neo-nazi . 
  maybe some of its supporters are idiot neo nazis , because the fn is the only party which has strong views against immigration , so who else can they support ? 
  but the fn is n't neo-nazi . 
  if it were , it would be illegal in france . 
  the fn is a nationalist party , but it works within the legal republican arena , and is not neo nazi . 
  some left wing pc idiots call it a nazi or fascist party . 
  they called sarkozy a fascist too . 
  but these left wing idiots are much too emotional and have little understanding of reality . 
  i 'm not trying to disparage all left wing people . 
  i 'm talking about a minority . 
  lionel jospin , a mainstream left wing presidential candidate ( who lost the presidential election a decade ago ) , said it himself , that the fn is n't at all a fascist party : [ for those who understand french ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mccdg3ofmlo ) . 
  also i 'm not trying to defend the fn either . 
  these accusations of nazism and fascism just get ridiculous , and it 's somewhat dangerous to call anyone and everyone fascist or nazi , as it ends up not being taken seriously anymore . 
  there certainly are antisemetic catholic/white people in france , but the fn does n't condone it . 
  i 'll go even further , marine le pen 's partner , who is number 2 or 3 in the fn , louis alliot , has a jewish grandfather ( though admittedly , he himself is catholic ) . 
  so that comment of yours implying that the legal party , the fn , is responsible for antisemitism , is ultimately ill informed . 
  of course , some members of the fn are surely antisemites , but pointing the finger at the fn , despite the the fact that they officially condemn antisemitism , is like pointing the finger at muslim institutions in general . 
  those land bridges of sorts are geographically amazing , i find . 
  the himalayas do separate the indus region from the rest of asia . 
  we even speak of the indian subcontinent . 
  just like the sahara separates north africa from sub-saharan africa . 
  sure , there are no seas between those areas , but they are culturally distinct enough , and separated by a clear geographical barrier , for subdivisions to be possible . 
  it 's the same for europe , which as you mentioned , also has both a geographical and cultural barrier to define it , even though , like in those other cases , the borders are debatable . 
  now granted , europe in a geographical sense is not a continent , and i do n't think any professional geographer considers it as so . 
  but it 's a fairly clear sub-region of eurasia , and can thus easily be distinguished from the rest of the supercontinent , though admittedly , where it ends ( caucasus , turkey , urals . . ? ), 
  is debatable . 
  or we can just consider that those border regions can belong to either side . 
  now , since you 're canadian , you should technically understand these cultural nuances . 
  canada is clearly and indisputably part of western civilization . 
  you 're closer to europe culturally than el salvador , although you 're on the same geographical continent as el salvador . 
  so surely you understand how culture is an important factor in determining these things . 
  yet el salvador has links to spain historically and linguistically , which thus creates a nuance . 
  it 's all the same everywhere . 
  nothing is black and white , or definitive . 
  for those who might not get it , it 's a take on the '' [ coalition of the willing ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coalition_of_the_willing ) '' , which is an expression most made famous by bush to designate the countries willing to participate in the farce war which was the invasion of iraq . 
  it seems nowadays we ca n't invent new expressions . 
  every scandal is now named with - gate , for example . 
  anyway , a fairly nuanced speech , and it 's good to see that the governments of the nations victims of the tragedy seem to be doing what they 're supposed to do to ensure that we get to the bottom of this . 
  i almost feel bad for starting this now :p, 
  we 've all been there man ... we 've all been there ... 
  the british may be obsessed with us , but on the other hand , i do n't think you 'll find many french people interested enough for this . 
  this guy did n't read the article . 
  also may i add that the us uses economic blackmail against its `` friends '' , the good democracies , to get most of the arms deals with them . 
  maybe we still should n't sell arms to more shady countries but hell , one 's got ta make a living in this world . 
  maybe if we were all dealing fairly there would n't be last resort markets for billion dollar industries . 
  france ca n't just print euros for itself , and even if it could , printing money is hardly an economically viable answer . 
  and secondly , france is hardly directly affected by russia having amphibious warships . 
  russia is n't a threat for france at all . 
  thus it will only cancel this lucrative deal through moral obligation , and that 's a hard thing to do for anyone . 
  well surely in that case . 
  though technically they do n't have to . 
  it would just be a political or diplomatic mistake if a us embassy did n't help out allied citizens . 
  but say you 're accused of a crime in another country and arrested . 
  as an eu citizen , i do n't know if the us embassy would give a shit , unless an allied eu country which does n't have the diplomatic means that the us has in that country asks for us assistance . 
  ok , so it 's the same ... as i said , in france the first generation immigrants are n't generally criminals . 
  they 're sons however . . 
  most of them are born here . 
  their parents emigrated , and first generation emigrants are usually pretty thankful and law-abiding , whereas some of their children have that rebellious phase . 
  personally i 'm for halting or highly diminishing the number of unskilled immigrants allowed in the country , and especially from muslim countries . 
  but it 's a controversial subject , and that last proposal of mine would be deemed very racist or `` islamophobic '' . 
  also , the us is n't any better really , it 's just that most of your immigrants are latinos ( and they 're also responsible for much of the crime ) , but your number of muslims is rising a lot too . 
  youtube is really annoying with this bullshit . 
  i realize they certainly receive tons of copyright claims , but that 's exactly why they should at least investigate the veracity of those claims . 
  i 've seen so many videos , or even great channels , taken down for no valid reason . 
  just someone got offended and filed a lying claim and got what they wanted . 
  if youtube actually had serious competition in their business it would be long gone because of those shit practices .
