  oh , sorry if it came out wrong , i did n't mean to suggest that you were n't a real breton . 
  i was just reacting to you saying that everyone is proud of brittany , which is true , because everyone else claims some breton ancestry , 
  being breton is like being irish in the us . 
  everyone i know claims to be at least 1/8th breton , including me . 
  my last name is breton but my ancestry is so far removed i have no connection to it . 
  everyone loves brittany , to the point that i 'm starting to hate you because it 's so clich\u00e9 :p, 
  we 're not the ones complaining about ww2 for the last 70 years . 
  we made up with germany in the fucking 50s . 
  we know what war is , we know how to move on after one . 
  poles are among the most bitter people in europe . 
  so poland , which had a very nationalistic , unfriendly government to western democratic standards , was being attacked by germans and the ussr , and they expected us to defend them as we had done before in the early 1800s . 
  we still declared war , and thus stuck to our deal we never should have made with an ungrateful ally who would n't have had the inclination or power to do the same for us , but they 're unhappy we did n't outright win right away ... kind of like them . 
  they 're so eager to say how many people they lost in ww2 and yet they 're unable to understand the trauma of france 's losses in ww1 . 
  poland calls us pussies ? 
  well they 've been smacked around throughout history , being saved by others all the time . 
  maybe they should look in the mirror . 
  i never said i agreed with it . 
  i do n't give a flying fuck . 
  i do n't go to disneyland , i do n't care about its existence , why would i even care ? 
  i 'm saying their business plan is favoring customers living in close proximity , since it 's a well known fact that they 're trying to build customer loyalty , and it 's easier to do so with those in close proximity . 
  seems like a very viable and completely classic business plan , and if that sort of practice is against the law , then i 'm completely against that law . 
  that 's free market . 
  so my theory is they 're favoring customers booking from france , rather than overpricing customers booking from far away . 
  it 's not discrimination of foreigners , it 's preferential treatment of local customers , something many businesses do . 
  in what world is fucking disneyland paris being purposely racist against non-french customers ? 
  let 's wait for what the investigation says , i 'm just throwing out the probable other side of the argument while you 're all jerking about being discriminated upon by the fucking disney company , although you 'd probably not pay a hotel there in the first place . 
  you 're answering to me as if `` france '' decides disney 's business plan . 
  truth is france , and the paris region , got fucked . 
  it financed its existence , the paris region was convinced of a viable deal and financed disney , which did n't make any profit for decades , but blackmailed the region into financing its deficits or else it would close and take away all the jobs that government money created . 
  it 's only been making a profit for literally the last couple years . 
  so you talking of `` free market '' when disney would have gone down decades ago if it were n't for public money is kind of ironic . 
  also the price discrimination does n't seem to be based on nationality , but geographic origin . 
  and if people are willing to pay whatever they get offered , to me that 's free market . 
  agreeing to pay is like signing a contract . 
  like everyone else , they 're free to browse around to find other ways to get cheaper offers . 
  looks like the netherlands , according to my stereotype booklet . 
  the only way disneyland has started to make a profit only in the last couple years despite its decades-long existence , is thanks to french customer loyalty ( = french people coming back ) . 
  before that , the french state paid for disneyland 's money loss . 
  maybe the difference in prices is simply that the french , who are more likely to come back considering it 's easier for them , are given preferential prices , rather than the other way around as the article implies ( foreigners being punished ) , if you see what i mean . 
  it could be a business plan . 
  not to mention the french taxpayer has been financing disneyland for decades , so you bet your ass there 's preferential treatment . 
  my advice for foreigners anyway is to get a hotel in paris , and to make the trip to disneyland for the day . 
  sure , it 's nice to stay in a hotel in disneyland , they 're all so colourful and dreamy , they look like western saloons and shit , but just stay in paris . 
  you want to go do disneyland for two days ? 
  stay in paris anyway , and take the train . 
  it 's a very easy ride . 
  van gogh cut his ear off and died poor . 
  though picasso painted `` les femmes d'alger '' ( notice the french name for the painting ) in memory of his friend the french artist matisse , while he was in france , where he was recognized and elevated to his international status . 
  so i 'll claim 20 % of that glory , and i 'm being generous :d same goes for da vinci btw . 
   france - that 's probably one of monet 's lake ones , but i ca n't figure out which one . 
  fuckin ' norwegian immigrants , spoiling our country !, 
  `` joey !, 
  have you ever been in a turkish prison ? '', 
  i 'm against it . 
  i do n't see what they could do more . 
  illegal immigrants will still be counted in the thousands in calais , running around trying to get through some way . 
  the problem is that they 're converging to calais and no one knows what to do with them there . 
  what would the british army do ? 
  are they morally less tied than the french ? 
  i think all eu countries should play a part in regulating the borders of the eu , in greek , spanish and italian waters . 
  it 's like having a retarded friend to show girls how compassionate you are . 
  you 're the kind of guy who edits the intro to marine lepen 's wikipedia page to add that she 's racist , you get edited out by the serious contributors who know it breaks the neutrality rules , but you still insist that it 's completely neutral because `` we all know it '' . 
  i said they 're far right and nationalist . 
  i think that 's enough , and people can assume that they 're racist and fascist if they like , but op asked for an unbiased explanation , and that 's what i tried to do . 
  if you do n't understand that concept and would rather try to theorize about my username and explain it like you just uncovered some great mystery and `` got me '' , as if i give a shit , well , have fun bro . 
  what 's your theory on the `` first '' in my username ? 
  it 's a continuation , it 's the same party , same people . 
  i do n't know why they renamed themselves . 
  surely to appear to renew themselves . 
  sorry , i guess i meant the parti de gauche pretty much killed the far left , gathering a lot of the supporters from these parties which now represent nothing , and was supported by the communist party . 
  for the udi and modem , i did n't want to explain it , as one replaced the other as the main center party , so i made a generalization really . 
  my bad !, 
  they said they 'd have a referendum , like for most big issues they advocate . 
  well , i mean the republicans could arguably be said to have a similar rhetoric , and wishing that a country becomes more influential and a stronger power is n't a bad thing , nor is it exclusive to nazis or fascists . 
  when under a left wing government france leads the way on a particular international issue , the left wing government does n't hesitate to underline that fact , and they should , the same way obama does on occasion . 
  what makes a nazi or fascist are the political ideals they wish to implement as a whole . 
  now you can always find similarities . 
  the nazis campaigned against smoking and were quite into ecology for the time . 
  does n't mean that every party with the same stances should be compared to nazis . 
  the front national is quite nationalistic , has support from arguable `` extremists '' but to me it 's because there 's no other anti-immigration party so they have no choice . 
  but they do n't want to implement a dictatorship . 
  one can always say that they * secretly * want to install an autocratic state if they 're elected , but that 's just accusations . 
  the front national 's stance is that they want a referendum democracy , like the swiss . 
  other far right parties have been in government in other european countries lately , and they maintained democracy , and either got reelected or lost in the next elections . 
  no , not at all . 
  and lots of people were skeptical about it , though the fact it was mostly many small countries allowed people not to focus on one . 
  it was still smaller , less powerful countries . 
  also at the time the economic situation was good . 
  france has many parties and microparties , so i 'm only going to mention the relevant ones . 
  first off , here are the top 3 parties which are more or less on par in terms of electorate . 
  on a national level they 'd get between 20 and 30 % of the electorate for a first turn in a national election , though the third party in this list would n't get much more in the second turn run-off . 
  * parti socialiste ( = socialist party ) : the party currently in power . 
  they 're the mainstream left wing . 
  despite their name , they are pro free-market , like all mainstream left wing parties in europe , though being leftist , they lean towards more regulation than crony capitalism . 
  they 're also naturally progressive on most social issues . 
  they 're for gay marriage , for the protection of social rights , and immigrant rights , so long as it 's feasible : since they 're mainstream they still remain within the bounds of reason and thus do n't advocate completely open borders , or retirement at 50 or anything ridiculous like that . 
  * les r\u00e9publicains ( = the republicans ) : the mainstream right wing party , and currently considered the mainstream opposition . 
  they 're more conservative , like all other mainstream right wing parties , more for the free market , and more conservative on social issues , though not extreme in both cases . 
  they 're main points focus on economic growth , help for businesses , being slightly more severe on immigration , security , moderately patriotic . . etc , again , within the bounds of reason and moderate like any mainstream party . 
  * front national ( = national front ) : described as the far-right party , though they dislike being called that .
