  france has overseas territories which are n't in europe . 
  it 's still a european country . 
  the caucasus countries however , are centered south of the caucasus mountains , not to mention their culture and history are n't what i 'd call european ( though admittedly , they are fairly in between european and middle eastern ) . 
  turkey may have land on the european continent , but it 's centered in asia , and anyway culturally i do n't think they 're european . 
  unlike russia . 
  there is a dilemma there indeed . 
  i myself do n't consider turkey to be a european country ( or any of the caucasian countries , which are south of the caucasus mountains peeks , hence not in the usually accepted boundaries of europe ) , so answering these countries in any question would be validating their european status , which i do n't personally recognize . 
  but anyway , i would n't have voted for them in any category , but i get the dilemma . 
  not to mention the increase in `` charges patronales '' ( ie , the taxes a business has to pay for each individual employee ) , which thus does n't encourage businesses to hire more people . 
  in general , whatever a business pays in salary to an employee , he pays , in addition , basically the same amount in taxes . 
  so say an employee earns 2000 euros a month , the business actually pays 4000 a month for that employee , considering his salary and the taxes the business has to pay for having that employee . 
  it does encourage businesses to hire interns ( who cost little or nothing at all for businesses in terms of taxes ) instead of real employees . 
  interns , however , are n't counted as unemployed in state statistics though ... also , for employees ' salaries , they never touch about one third of their stated salary , because it goes in taxes - thus it reduces what said employee can spend on , which impedes the creation of services said employees would purchase had they had more money to spend . 
  yeah , that was my second choice , 
  yeah , i realized it . 
  but the joke 's on him , because i wanted to vote for kosovo as my least favourite european country . 
  it would be nice , if possible , if we could doodle with the results . 
  like select criteria , and see the answers for all questions by only those who answered they 're from france , male , and 26-30 or something like that ... you know ? 
  at least our ( french and italian ) accents , no matter how ludicrous they sound , get us the ladies . 
  apparently / r/europe mods do n't recognise kosovo either . 
  only we are allowed to answer that !, 
  do you know more or less on which month you 're going ? 
  train , and hostel prices can fluctuate a lot depending on the season . 
  also , they can be cheaper if you book long in advance ( and then there are the last minute cheaper prices , but that 's risky unless it 's not the touristy season - i work at a hostel in paris , and lately many clients were desperate because there were n't any train tickets left to go where they had planned to go - cause it 's the touristy season right now and they thought they could just buy a ticket the day before - wrong . 
  and even when there are some seats left in a packed train , it 's outrageously expensive ) . 
  it 's exactly the same in france . 
  it 's `` le p\u00e8re no\u00ebl '' ( father christmas ) , depicted like santa is in the us ( the us influence was too strong ) , and children are told that he 's real , until they grow out of it and realize he 's not . 
  i 'm guessing you 're doing this by car ? 
  also , you may as well stop by the city of lyon . 
  or do you not have the time ? 
  i asked this question [ about a year ago ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/157zg7/which_neighboring_european_country_would_you/ ) if anyone 's interested . 
  in english `` otan '' is `` nato '' . 
  he was indeed illegitimate , and that 's why the us and uk were n't so eager to accept him as self-proclaimed leader , though the uk did harbor him out of interest hoping he 'd spark resistance in france and rally free french forces . 
  what did give him some form of legitimacy for the french is simply that he did manage to impose himself as the prominent military leader of the free french forces ( he did have some rivals for that position ) , so the hundreds of thousands of forces which did eventually rally free france were under him . 
  he managed to convince the americans to let the free french forces liberate paris , as a symbolic move . 
  and since he was the highest ranked and most popular free french military leader , the allies finally had to accept him , as they ultimately preferred him instead of possible resistance leaders whom some were communist . 
  ( btw , i do n't think the us and uk cared whether the french leader was elected - they favored an algeria-based french general as future leader of france , the latter much more conservative than de gaulle already was ) . 
  as de gaulle proclaimed a transition government , with legitimacy through his army , and legitimacy granted by the other allies , and considering the french were just happy to be liberated , they just welcomed it . 
  and anyway , he simply proclaimed a transitional government , and democracy kicked back in shortly after . 
  however , the new republic ( 4th republic ) felt weak . 
  in that government , the president was largely a symbolic figure ( like in today 's germany ) , there was no figurehead . 
  and the french love them some actual figurehead - and the only possible candidate around was de gaulle who 's status had become practically mythical through the years . 
  so in 1959 , 15 years after the liberation , the french wanted him , elected him democratically and he proclaimed the 5th republic , wherein the elected president is the head of state with important political power ( like in the us ) . 
  he only became more popular after his presidency as in hindsight he 's viewed as a strong figure , with a beloved oh-so-french personality ( while everyone else hates an arrogant frenchman who does n't take shit from anyone , the french themselves love their politicians to be that way ) . 
  now many politicians , especially the right-leaning ones , claim his heritage ( `` gaullists '' ) , and most left-leaning ones still have respect for him . 
  oops !, 
  my bad , haha . 
  it used to be part of france , until we lost the napoleonic wars and geneva was given to switzerland :(, 
  it 's true , during ww2 the americans favored a more far-right-leaning french leader to command the free french forces ( slightly more `` far-right '' , because ultimately , de gaulle was n't exactly of leftist background himself ) . 
  de gaulle certainly had to fight against a lot of shit against the anglo-saxon countries to prove himself as leader . 
  then of course , cold war geopolitics stepped in , and i ca n't pretend to understand all the intricacies of it all . 
  i actually understand his reasons . 
  the us and uk back then were already extremely close , france felt left out as a declining power which was n't taken seriously , and needed to reaffirm itself as a leader . 
  it largely succeeded thanks to de gaulle who made france a world power again . 
  but otherwise , perhaps his strong position against the uk in favor of a continental alliance encouraged the uk to not feel included in the european project from the start . 
  in addition to british pride and openness to the rest of the world through their empire , the sentiment of not being part of the european project became ingrained in the british national psyche , perhaps because they were n't wanted by the de gaulle governments which arguably started the idea , or the ancestor of the eu in continental europe . 
  just some perspective , i quickly made a map with some added info if france and the uk were one state , `` frangleterre '' : [ there you go :d ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x3xhkdo.png ) ( edit : oops , the gdp is in millions of us dollars ) . 
  edit 2 : hey , uk , i think we should invade and annex benelux , to make our map prettier . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/znkqpxm.png ) ( plus we 'd surpass japan and be number 3 in gdp with those damn dutch and belgians ) . 
  france decolonized most of its african colonies in 1960 . 
  most of the british colonies in africa were after that , though admittedly , a couple were before , like sudan . 
  very interesting , thanks . 
  i find the crimean war fascinating , because it 's practically a forgotten war in france and the uk . 
  a shame . 
   they were not demanding annexation . 
  they were seeking protection . 
  in the 19th century romania was the lone latin country surrounded by other cultures that were hostile to it . 
  yeah , seen that way it does make sense . 
  kind of how the serbs/yugos sought russian protection as slavs separated from the rest of the slavs by you guys , austria and hungary , 
  i would have been for it . 
  always happy to expand our land  but this amazes me . 
  i never heard about this , though i was vaguely aware of francophilia in eastern europe back in the day . 
  but that elites of a relatively distant country would actually voluntarily demand annexation ( or perhaps , they rather thought of it as a union ) amazes me . 
  and that all shattered when degaulle became president in 59 , as he was vehemently anti-anglo-saxon for some reason , and preferred the germans . . for some reason . 
  in truth though , this is somewhat of a non-story . 
  it 's just a proposal/fantasy imagined by a few people here and there , and was never taken very seriously . 
  other than the fact that it never would have been taken seriously by the respective governments and people , it politically would have been very difficult to do . 
  a strongly secular republic becoming one state with a parliamentary monarchy ? 
  how could that even work ? 
  i personally like the idea though . 
  it makes sense considering our common history , our shared interests at the time and historical alliance which was especially crucial in those early stages of the cold war , as both our nations were the only big , strong western nations in europe back then . 
  we 'd be so damn fucking powerful together . 
  especially back in the day with our colonies and respective spheres of influence . 
  half of the world would have been ours . 
  i 'm a dual french-american citizen , though born and bred in france . 
  my mother 's american , that 's why i actually speak english correctly :p however , i 'm not the only french redditor with a good level in english . 
  i 'm honored to be your first , but seriously , i 'm far from being the only one here . 
  this may be due to the existence and legality of civilian militias , nay ? 
  the government does n't want its citizens to start just fighting wars as they please . 
  i 'm a dual french and american citizen though . 
  so say i 'm in the french army , and france is at war with a country and the us is n't involved . 
  the latter is thus technically at peace with france 's enemy . 
  is my involvement forbidden ? 
  surely there are clauses for such cases , and perhaps exceptions depending on the circumstances . 
  i also know little about it . 
  i only assumed the brits supported the republicans . 
  but i 'm probably totally wrong on that , and there are indeed chances they preferred the nationalists when i come to think about it . 
  admittedly , i 'm too lazy to check :d, 
  i 've been to salamanca . 
  great city .
