  but that 's not the point of it all anyway . 
  the point was that a `` mainstream '' politician admits that racist crimes are frequently committed against whites in a european country . 
  i never said that does n't happen . 
  but what are you saying ? 
  does that justify the racist and aggressive attitude of some arabs ? 
  anyway , bear with me , i have a little story . 
  i have a close relative in the french army . 
  to join he had to pass a few days at the recruiting center . 
  they were around 40 candidates there , around 30 of whom were your typical `` racaille '' , mostly of arab descent , whom i guess had nothing better to do ( that 's why they were the majority ) . 
  they had absolutely no discipline . 
  they 'd walk around with their hands in their pockets , `` trainant les pieds '' , and unable to stand straight , and would answer rudely to the officers ... needless to say , none of them was recruited and eventually , 8 people of the 40 candidates were finally recruited , 6 whites , 1 black from martinique , and one redeeming arab . 
  now if some of them ca n't even understand that for the fucking army one needs to be disciplined , it 's easy to see why they may have difficulties finding jobs in the civilian sector too . 
  a friend of mine is in human resources for a phone service company . 
  basically , he 's not recruiting the sharpest tools in the shed , yet he still has difficulties recruiting in these groups . 
  many of these arab kids are simply not recruitable . 
  they are aggressive , and have no motivation and ca n't say a sentence properly . 
  and he wanted to recruit minorities , because , contrary to popular belief , companies want to show how open they are to diversity . 
  in the end , it were minority women who were often recruited , because many men were just not job material , and they put themselves in this situation . 
  also , this is important : you know about the anonymous cvs incentive in france ? 
  hiding the candidate 's name and photo from the recruiter , so as to avoid discrimination ? 
  guess what ? 
  it produced the opposite result . 
  what happens is that recruiters who see that a candidate is a minority will be more generous and understanding if his credentials and spelling suck . 
  when the cvs are anonymous , the recruiter will discard those with spelling errors , and that favorises the native french who make fewer errors . 
  here 's an article about this interesting phenomena which destroys all the cliches : http://www.capital.fr/carriere-management/actualites/le-cv-anonyme-favorise-les-discriminations-588879 now i 'm not saying there are n't any real discriminations , but i am saying that the rioters , the mugging scumbag `` racailles '' have never really tried . 
  those who try can get a job and a decent living . 
  those hoodlums just prey on the excuses pc people give them , instead of taking responsibility for their failures . 
  no , it 's the immigrants who like the white girls . 
  in 2009 , in oslo , 100 % of rapes committed on white girls were by non-european men : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmq49dztfc4, 
  technically , franco invaded spain . . 
  everyone knows it exists but they pretend they 're offended when they hear it . 
  i 'm white french and have experienced a few racist insults from arab kids , even though i 've mostly lived in very predominantly white places . 
  it must be hell for white kids who live in strongly immigrant areas , especially girls . 
  i prefer assimilation of a very reduced immigration . 
  france still gives more money to the eu agricultural budget than it receives back . 
  just so you know . . 
  very hypothetical question but i 'm interested to know what different nationalities here would chose , if they had to chose one neighbor to be united with . 
  it would n't be like the eu , it would be a full political union , your country and one of your choosing thus forming one nation - a federal state if you wish . 
  please abstain from insulting other redditors who may have chosen your country to unite with . 
  it 's just if one had to choose . 
  and you 're not allowed to just pick a region from a neighbor . 
  that 's too easy , and would rather be called annexation . 
  anyway , as a frenchman i 'd chose germany , so we can form an economic powerhouse , linked to the mediterranean countries and the british isles on the one hand , and to the scandinavian and eastern europe on the other . 
  it would be a federal state with different `` state '' laws like belgium , with alsace as the capital region . 
  famous post-ww2 american political quotes relative to europe are `` ich bin ein berliner ! '' , or `` mister gorbachov , tear down that wall ! '' . 
  unfortunately , we know american political quotes better than we know fellow european famous political quotes !, 
  so share some of your country 's recent political history !, 
  for example , i 've read about the recent `` porque no te callas ? '', 
  ( `` why do n't you shut up ? '' ), 
  from spain 's king . 
  stuff like that . 
  this is just too broad a question , you should detail at least a basis people can work on . 
  do you want to visit large cities rather , or do you want to see the country ? 
  how big is your budget ? 
  how much time do you have ? 
  do you prefer cultural , urban , or natural sites ? . . etc. 
  there must be a few things you already know you want to check out , so we can get an idea . 
  as for how to act , it really is quite simple . 
  i 'm assuming you 're from a western country too , and thus the basis of what 's polite is broadly the same as in your country , and especially , you 'll have no difficulty understanding other people 's physical language . 
  all you need to do is be aware of yourself and your surroundings , and act in the most humble and polite fashion . 
  for example , just to be sure , use hellos and thankyous and please all the time . 
  ask someone if they speak english before asking anything else . 
  when in rome do as the romans ... etc. 
  if you 're trekking , you can tour through the `` prettiest villages of france '' ( plus beaux villages de france ) which is an official `` prize '' of sorts given to a limited number of beautiful villages . 
  http://www.les-plus-beaux-villages-de-france.org/fr/carte-des-plus-beaux-villages-de-france but watching the map , it seems north eastern france is lacking . 
  there 's only [ parfondeval ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parfondeval,_aisne ) , though that has a population of some 150 people , so we 're really talking isolation here , 
  agreed . 
  i never saw this before , but i 'm well past being a teen so i have no idea of current youth trends . 
  it 's possible they know exactly what it means . 
  there are some areas in the more poor/rural/industrial areas of north-western france , near the foreign borders , where there are some far-right leaning youth trends . 
  i know there are a few areas near the belgian border in nord-pas-de-calais where the gabber culture is strong and it 's often composed of more or less neo nazi youth . 
  some may look like normal sweet kids but have particular dress codes to recognize eachother . 
  but it 's also highly possible that it 's not at all a racist thing , and has to do with being a `` rebel '' or something . 
  i mean i 've sometimes seen che guevarra 's face associated to the confederate flag . 
  not in france , but online . 
  i understand that you 're young , so maybe you have a skewed vision , but in general people in europe do n't dislike other people just because they 're american . 
  you 'll notice how omnipresent us culture ( music , films . . ) is in europe when you get here . 
  i once met a guy in paris , and i asked him where he was from , and he said `` america . . sorry '' and smiled . 
  though that was more or less a joke , that was kind of annoying to me , because he presumed that i like or dislike people depending on their citizenship , or worse , he believed the ludicrous stereotype that the french hate americans , which is actually offensive because it 's false . 
  i 'm a french male . 
  it 's somewhat unconventional but i do n't think people would hold it against you . 
  for paris the public transportation from the suburbs to the city is fine , but you 'll need to choose a suburban town which has the public transportation . 
  but overall it 's definitely not worth it . 
  stay in paris . 
  there are cheapish hostels in paris , and the trains do n't work at night , thus you 'd have to take the taxi if you go out in paris , and the taxis will cost you a lot . 
  france regularly intervenes in its former west african colonies . 
  most of the time the us at least agrees with a french intervention there , and sometimes offers some logistical support ( rarely , but it was indeed the case in mali lately ) , but france intervened regardless of the us , going at it under its own command , as opposed to , say , following the us in a war ( which france did do in afghanistan , or in the gulf war for example ) . 
  we have many monuments celebrating napoleon . 
  we keep them because they 're nice looking and out of respect for our history , not to stick it to those we invaded . 
  i 'm pretty sure the same is true for the germans rebuilding the royal palace . 
  however , personally , though the building may be nice looking , if they 're rebuilding it from scratch i have a hard time being interested . 
  old buildings are n't only attractive for their beauty , but also because they 're `` real '' historic monuments . 
  so they 're rebuilding it . 
  that 's fine , go for it . 
  it 'll surely look great . 
  but to me it will lack the appeal of `` realness '' if i dare say so . 
  the eu is by definition a soft power . 
  its member states do have some forms of international military units , but those are never used , or at best in peace-keeping missions like un troops would do . 
  the eu institutions can agree to a common foreign policy but a consensus is very hard to reach , especially when concrete actions need to be taken , so any geopolitical influence the eu will take will usually be in the form of public stances by the parliament or president , and strong words of disapproval or something , rather than actions . 
  however , a couple member states can be considered hard powers .
