  but ultimately , they 're not some officially recognized association or something . 
  they 'll still meet up in other forms . . they 're friends . . so disbanding something which has no legal reality is like , as we say in french , `` hitting water with a sword '' . 
  french : sacrebleu !, 
  ( oh , the cow ! ), 
  saperlipopette !, 
   or the feminine variantof the male insult : `` connasse '' , `` bouffonne '' ... its really important , when necessary to adapt the genre of the insult , if you were to say `` connard '' to a girl , it would totaly discredit your argument . 
  i agree , but i 've come say `` elle est con '' more often , instead of `` conne '' , i feel it sounds better and is more effective for some reason . 
   street cred more like space cred . 
  does it negate what i 'm saying ? 
   omg , are you shitting me ? 
  ok , so lets put fences and walls , and soldiers and bombs and i dont know what on the borders not to encourage desperate people to come in ... so much about your logics here . 
  welcome to north korea . 
  i think ** you ** have a problem with logic , because what you just did here is a logical fallacy . 
  i never said we should build fences , but you 're trying to downplay my argument by totally misrepresenting what i said . 
  it 's called a [ straw man ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/straw_man ) . 
  here 's a way to not encourage illegal immigration like you do , hence preventing the thousands who die trying to cross the mediterranean : send them back when they get here , make it clear they wo n't get anything once they set a foot on europe , except if they need immediate care , and once they 're healed , send them back . 
  that 's the only solution . 
  if we accept them in europe , it gives hope to the millions , if not billions who 'd want to find a better life , and thus endangers the lives of all of these people who try to cross the mediterranean illegally . 
  here 's a solution . 
  now , you are saying that we should accept them all , but you agree that malta may be too small . 
  so since you 're giving your opinion , finish it , and tell me which countries should carry the burden of housing unskilled illegal immigrants ? 
  so , which country do you propose should accept the thousands of refugees , even though those countries ca n't even take care of their homeless ? 
  i 'll quote your previous message :  should be welcome and helped immediately once he really hits the european land once he hits european land ? 
  that actually happens a lot , and because of this , more people try to cross dangerous waters to get to europe , and thousands die every year . 
  that 's what you 're encouraging . 
  you 're encouraging refugees to risk their lives in a dangerous road , and `` once they hit land '' they 'll get their prise . 
  well done . 
  yeah . 
  `` french '' of extra-european background , or immigrants , have more children on average than the euro-french women . 
  but i 'd also say there 's a culture , a mentality in france , that a couple should have children . 
  i 've only rarely met a late teen or young adult in france who said she did n't want to have children . 
  expensive . 
  and for raised fish , i 'm never sure what they feed them . 
  if it 's other fish-grind or whatever , it defeats the purpose . 
  well , if i recall correctly legend has it andorrans participated in a victorious battle against the muslims , and to thank them charlemagne granted them sovereignty . 
  this is legend . 
  all we really know is that indeed , andorra was one of the kingdoms established in the `` spanish march '' , the buffer zone between the frankish empire and moorish spain . 
  then through various diplomatic and political affairs , andorra just happened to stay existent . 
  perhaps due to the clever fact andorra is shared by both the french leader and some spanish bishop , so if one party annexed it , it would be like a declaration of war to the other . 
  i guess that in times when spain and france were at war , andorra was simply not considered valuable enough , not worth the trouble , so it was just left alone ( though it was annexed during the napoleonic wars ) . 
  well , if i recall correctly legend has it andorrans participated in a victorious battle against the muslims , and to thank them charlemagne granted them sovereignty . 
  this is legend . 
  all we really know is that indeed , andorra was one of the kingdoms established in the `` spanish march '' , the buffer zone between the frankish empire and moorish spain . 
  then through various diplomatic and political affairs , andorra just happened to stay existent . 
  perhaps due to the clever fact andorra is shared by both the french leader and some spanish bishop , so if one party annexed it , it would be like a declaration of war to the other . 
  i would n't include the front national . 
  the npd and bnp , sure , why not . 
  front national ? 
  of course not . 
  while skinheads were visible among their ranks in the past , in the 80s and 90s especially , there 's nothing in the official stance of the fn today which evokes neo-nazism . 
  the fn now is rather similar to geert wilders ' party in the netherlands , and perhaps even the ukip . 
  otherwise , one could argue that all parties use rhetorical tactics similar to historical nazis , because in the end , politics works the same for everyone . 
  uh , i remember this undercover tv show about chinese restaurants in paris making their food in the bathtub . 
  caused a huge scandal . 
  otherwise , while french food is great , there 's a lot of bad apples , like anywhere else . 
  you just make us sound cocky now :p, 
   all over europe parties that use markedly nazi rhetoric and practices enter the parliaments i would n't go so far as to say that . 
  that 's perhaps the case in greece , and maybe hungary to a lesser degree . 
  that 's about it . 
  other `` far-right '' groups in other countries do n't have much comparable to nazism in their official symbols and stances , though of course , people call them `` nazis '' because they 're `` far-right '' ... 
  as are africans and everyone else ... 
  i personally do n't eat fish because i 'm concerned with overfishing . 
  i love that shit though :( . 
  i still eat some seafood , but since it 's rather expensive , it 's rather limited . 
  if europe manages to stay at replacement level , it should be ok , as long as we stop accepting massive amounts of extra european immigrants . 
  sorry to say , but immigration from very different civilizations do cause social problems , which we could avoid if we relied rather on our natural replacement . 
  ultimately , the population of the world should level down to much smaller than it is today , and will be in the future . 
  once the population of the rest of the world declines naturally , then europe should go on and decline with it progressively . 
  but for now , i think staying at around 600 million or so in the eu is acceptable , in comparison to the rest of the world , so as not to be too small in population compared to others . 
  when their population goes down , ideally , ours should too . 
  it 's all about balance of power . 
  france * tour de france * stuff about politicians preparing for the municipal elections , especially in paris very slow week for national news in france . 
  i want to argue that napoleon had a larger impact on europe than bismarck . 
  by a longshot . 
  what bismarck really did was permit the creation of the german nation , and his international affairs did have an impact on neighboring countries ' governments , which were bases for future wars . . etc. . but that 's the case for every fairly important king or emperor . 
  anyway , i 'm not arguing that napoleon should be deemed the `` most important '' , but i 'm saying that bismarck certainly would n't be my choice , as he 's very important to germans , but for other countries in europe , that importance is fairly limited , like that of kings like henry the 8th , fran\u00e7ois 1er . . etc. . all involved in foreign wars , not less important than bismarck . 
  germano-centric a little ? 
  i personally would n't know who to chose as the most important european politician . 
  european history is so rich and diverse ... from julius caesar to churchill , there are dozens of historical european politicians who could have a fair claim to `` most important '' one . 
  maybe the swiss and austrians , and other smaller states , account for a little over 5 % . 
  the last 5 % ( to make the 26 % who answered in german ) , probably the goethe institute influence like what yaix said . 
  ultimately , the eiffel tower impresses the non-french more than it does the french . 
  because to foreigners it 's this super famous structure which immediately evokes paris , the city of love , culture and lights or whatever . 
  otherwise , surely , most french people answered a french building or something , but their choices was so spread out , that a famous foreign building was the most popular choice . 
  well , since rome is the capital of italy , and vatican is a city-state surrounded by rome , it simply does n't change anything . 
  vatican stays exactly how it is , and does n't affect rome 's `` territory '' . 
  i feel european , and feel kindred with fellow europeans , as for me we are all closest cousins , and part of the same civilization . 
  obviously , i feel closer to those countries which are closest to mine , and the further we go , the least close we are . 
  however , that 's only true within europe , because comparing say algeria and latvia , algeria is closer and was actually colonized for a while , but latvia is still closer to france civilization-wise . 
  and that 's because we 're european . 
  yay europe !, 
  heh , i meant it was bizarre because of the inclusion of french . 
  not only because apart from louisiana and maine/vermont , americans of french background are rare , but also because french is placed before spanish , although indeed , the latter is much more common in the us . 
  i 'm fairly certain that the french language will continue to decline in international importance , though the importance of france in the eu perhaps slows that process down . 
  but for your `` brazil has a space program '' argument , well , i almost want to say that france 's historic , economic , engineering , and territorial ( ariane space shuttles are launched from french guyana ) contribution to esa is the most important in the eu , so it 's kind of like france is leading the eu space program , with admittedly strong contributions , of course , from the other big european economies . 
  otherwise , french is n't an official language of the olympic games because of the winning scores , the same way french is n't an official language of fifa because of the french football team . 
  it 's because those organizations were created partly or mostly by france , at a time when france had a stronger position on the international stage . 
  the success of the french teams , compared to other teams , is irrelevant . 
  this reality can be extended to economies ; the success of economies such as japan 's , or emerging economies like india , may not have a huge effect on diplomatic languages which die hard . 
   even if portuguese , hindi , japanese and bengali have more of a claim to a position than french now i do n't want to get all jingoistic here or whatever , but it 's not the size of the population , the size of the economy , the strength of the economic growth ( etc. . . ) that fully determines which languages have a stronger claim for diplomatic language status .
