  that 's helpful , i think , for everyone in the eu . 
  now the question of military spending is a hard one . 
  does each eu country have to spend a certain amount of their gdp for their independent army ? 
  or do we pool our resources for a unified and thus more efficient army ? 
  or can some smaller countries agree bilaterally to relinquish their protection to a neighbour in exchange to giving them at least a small percentage of what they 'd normally spend on their army ? 
  to me , those are routs we could take . 
  but that some eu countries spend almost nothing on their military ? 
  i think that 's unacceptable . 
  i think the eu should have a condition regarding this issue . 
  there can not be countries opting out of military defense , leaving just a few ( and the us . . which is embarrassing to us europeans . . ) to carry the burden of defending the entire continent . 
  think of it that way . 
  you do n't have a military because you know your neighbors are n't in the mood to invade you . 
  and their neighbours are n't in the mood to invade them , and so on and so forth , making your country in a pretty good spot . 
  in addition to that , your country is pretty much behind the wall that is britain and france , and on the other side you have the us/canada . 
  pretty secure . 
  but not all eu countries feel that way . 
  the baltic countries for example . 
  do you have no solidarity for them ? 
  forget about bullshit wars like iraq ( which i assume you were referring to by mentioning the us and uk ) . 
  sometimes , us and european armies are used to maintain stability in some region of the world . 
  stability is needed to ensure trade , notably of resources , which ireland benefits from indirectly . 
  do you not ? 
  i do agree with everything you said here . 
  and i agree that the us does have in theory the military capability and logistics to intervene anywhere in the world , at least more so than anyone else . 
  i agree that most european countries have token militaries which do n't have any power projection . 
  i do think however that britain and france do have power projection , but naturally they have less than the us considering the size of their economies and their needs . 
  i 'm personally an advocate for a european army , so that the money spent can be pooled in a more efficient , centralized way , rather than lots of small armies which ca n't do much on their own . 
  i 'd even be happy if small eu countries just gave say half of the money they 'd normally spend on their useless army to the larger eu countries ' military to ensure their protection . 
  at least the spending would be more efficient . 
  and there 's precedence , with micronations in europe which offer their defense to their larger neighbors . 
  but i expect some hate for that comment , though i have a very detailed idea of how that could work fairly for everyone :d, 
  so we agree you did n't have the logistics to control iraq and at some point you had to leave it a complete mess because since you could n't control it with the available logistics , your favourability was lost . 
  my point is that the `` logistics '' argument for waging war on the other side of the world can be very broad . 
   because we restrained ourselves . 
  we could have turned the entire place to ash and then squatted on the skeleton pumping up the oil . 
  we could have made shock and awe look like nothing . 
  alright . 
  i agree . 
  but i was answering to a specific message saying france does n't have capability because it got some logistical help from allies in mali . 
  well , france could have nuked northern mali too . 
  but no , there 's a more sensible mission consisting on something other than mass genocide . 
  if it were just about mass genocide , frankly , any western country with a basic capable army could mass genocide a third world country . 
  the problem however , if we 're speaking real politik here , is that if any country does that , including the us , they 'd be in big shit when it comes to international relations . 
  i do n't think the us did exhaust its military . 
  i think it did n't have the logistic capability to control a country as large and hostile as iraq , thus at some point , it had to decide to move out . 
  that 's the argument here . 
  logistical capability to complete a certain mission on the other side of the world . 
  i 'm not trying to berate the us . 
  the us obviously has the greatest army the world has ever seen . 
  could surely take the rest of the world on its own and i could n't say who wins . 
  maybe if your logistics were better you would n't have had these political considerations . . is what i 'm implying . 
  and could n't last the time necessary to be successful . 
  spending billions of dollars and leaving `` mission unaccomplished '' . 
  sure , political difficulties etc. . 
  but one may say those political difficulties may not have happened if they had the necessary means to victory . 
  what i 'm saying is that it 's subjective , ultimately . 
  what 's necessary to wage war on the other side of the world ? 
  this mali thing comes up often , but to be real , france asked for logistical support , especially certain airplane carriers from britain and the us which had larger carriage capacity than theirs . 
  it made things easier and especially cheaper for france . 
  that 's how it helped . 
  without logistical help from allies , france would have simply used more planes , and spent more money . 
  not that saving millions of euros is n't a good thing . 
  thanks for those few planes some of our allies agreed to offer for an intervention everyone agreed was necessary but that no one except france was willing to take the risk for . 
  i 'll agree though , that countries like france and britain do n't have the military capability to intervene in a sustained war on the other side of the world . 
  but i do n't know a country that can . 
  the us , with half of the world 's military spending , did n't seem to be able to sustain its presence in iraq ... for example ... 
  britain has a very capable military , with little to be ashamed of . 
  our irish friend here perhaps needs to focus on his own country which insists on having no military capability , just because it 's in a corner of europe that 's safe , thanks to neighbors like britain and france spending what 's necessary to make the entire north-west european region completely safe , and admittedly allies like the us . 
  [ carrefour at the 3 minute mark !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/dhh27f3fxkc?t=3m ) i feel so patriotic !, 
  you 're welcome romania !, 
  i speak it because it 's my mother tongue ( french is my `` father tongue '' :p ) . 
  but again , my point is that we all bathe in the english language because it 's so prominent . 
  so yeah , we all speak it because it 's easy to practice it , because it 's everywhere . 
  say whaaaat ? 
  woot woot !, 
  seriously though , i though 0.6 % growth for france was bad news ... 
  english is only simple because we bathe in it through popular culture . 
  but english is all over the place , and inconsistent , notably in pronunciation/spelling . 
  that 's not a criticism of the english language , just saying , it 's not simple . 
  i 've never heard anyone shame or insult greeks in real life . 
  granted , i do n't regularly speak of greece with other people , and since i 'm not greek , maybe possible insults go over my head , but all i remember hearing is discussion about economic problems . 
  no overt accusations of laziness or whatever . 
  especially not guided at the people . 
  the article mentions greek schoolchildren in the netherlands being insulted by their school teachers . 
  that 's hearsay by the kids . 
  i do n't know . . maybe that 's true . 
  but kids are immature , very touchy , and immigrant kids very nationalistic about their ancestral country . 
  maybe they could n't take criticism of their ancestral country 's government and took it too personally . 
  the other story of customers in greek restaurants refusing to pay for the food because they pay greek debt in their taxes is crazy . 
  that 's got ta be completely rare occurrences , and for anyone who has worked in customer service , there 's always an occasional asshole who was n't satisfied and thus berates you in any way they can . 
  i 've committed self-cannibalism . 
  are american iraq war vets happy of their time spent in the war ? 
  perhaps i 've seen too many anti-war films about it , i assumed vets were pissed off being sent to what they realized was a bullshit war . 
  and for germans it 's 78 % . 
  we love you too , germany . 
  in france there are more infamous groups than civitas . 
  there are groups like action fran\u00e7aise , troisi\u00e8me voie , jnr ( jeunesses nationalistes r\u00e9volutionaires ) or gud ( groupe union d\u00e9fense ) , which go way back ( especially action fran\u00e7aise ) . 
  and newer groups like bloc identitaire , which has inspired similar groups in other countries with the regionalism rhetoric , the argument being that if nationality means nothing anymore due to globalization/immigration , regional identity is still an ancestral thing , to them . 
  this just reminds me , as you can hear in the [ minions movie trailer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiskxhjbnz0 ) the minions are weirdly french .
