  i feel fairly certain the quotes are there because pcness . 
  i think it 's more about considering whites do n't exist , cause or else dat be racis . 
  i like how the article has a hard time writing `` white '' without putting it in quotes ... 
  i agree , it 's not a debate , i 'm merely explaining . 
  france wo n't willingly give more prominence to the english language in institutions if it 's to the detriment of the french language . 
  i 'm not debating the inevitability , the reality , nor whether either is right or wrong . 
  it 's about a country hanging onto what it has left , because it 's in its interest . 
  i 'm not suggesting france should stop teaching english , nor is anyone in france . 
  i 'm explaining why the french government does n't want to make english the official language of the eu institutions , above french . 
  i do n't recall any point other commentators made which had any backing . 
  if you want , i can prove with sources that scandinavian countries are n't more influencial culturally and historically than france when it comes to films , companies , music and cuisine . 
  ask it , and i 'll resort to take the time to prove the obvious . 
  there 's no `` bubble '' here . 
  i 'm explaining why france is n't likely to abandon its cultural hold on political and international institutions . 
  again , take it or leave it . 
  i 'm not trying to insult anyone . 
  i 'm explaining basic diplomatic strategy here . 
  also , cultural influence means a lot . 
  it 's actually huge . 
  i study and work in tourism of all things , and it 's a basically hugely essential concept . 
  you have no idea . 
  thanks for your well argued points . 
  i 'll think about them . 
  i do n't want to start this kind of debate because i have a lot of respect for scandinavian countries , but sorry , no . 
  films , companies , music and cuisine of all things . 
  none of these are dominated by scandinavian countries over france . 
  cultural importance can also be determined by simple things like the ability for random people to name the capital city , point the country on a map , or prominence of the corresponding language as a school subject , not to mention said language as a mother tongue worldwide . 
  you 're going to tell me scandinavian countries have this advantage as well ? 
  i 'm not trying to downplay scandinavian countries . 
  they 're wealthy , great countries , their relatively small population does n't help them in that domain and that 's fine . 
  not a criticism . 
  ps : but i 'm sure scandinavian influence on estonia is greater than that of france ... 
  i 'm all for allowing english courses in french universities . 
  there are french schools though , which do offer courses in english , though granted they 're mostly private . 
  anyway , as i said before , language dominance has economic consequences . 
  a simple example of that sort of thing is that you 're more likely to purchase a product from a website whose language you know . 
  i have ordered products on the internet from little websites of artisans based in shithole , arizona . 
  that 's because i speak english . 
  if france willingly allows the french language to be less important on the international level , people around the world are less likely to learn french , and thus less likely to have economic dealings with french companies . 
  obviously , french companies could just basically switch everything to english , but that 's hardly an option currently . 
  eventually , in the future maybe all french people will be practically fluent in english ( i do think it 's desirable ) and it will be possible for our international trade to work solely with english . 
  but our ability to trade using english is n't everything . 
  cultural prominence is extremely important for companies and tourists to even be interested in investing or spending money in the corresponding countries . 
  in tourism and business , we call that `` attractivit\u00e9 territoriale '' , and it 's essential . 
  the more the french language becomes unimportant , the less likely people are motivated to learn it , and thus french culture becomes less influential , and ultimately france as a country and economy becomes less attractive . 
  ps : my first comment was in the negatives , but in the space of 20 minutes it seems reddit changed its mind and upvoted it back up . 
  we 're not talking about dubbing films though , are we ? 
  downvote me all you want , i 'm explaining why france and others wo n't freely give political prominence to english in eu institutions . 
  it 's pretty basic . 
  take it or leave it . 
  i do n't know any frenchman who gives a shit , but the press seems to talk about it , perhaps because they have nothing else to talk about , and anyway , as i said before , cheating is n't accepted in french society . 
  so the media does see it as a scandal worth mentioning . 
  let me explain to you why most countries with a strong cultural influence , like france for example , wo n't accept this . 
  because it would be essentially agreeing to reduce their power of influence . 
  no sane country would do that , because it obviously is n't in their interest . 
  i agree , it would be much easier if english were the official latin of modern europe , a second language everyone would know and use to communicate . 
  no more translation hassle , no more communication difficulties ... 
  but it 's not likely to happen by unanimous consent . 
  i do n't want to sound pompous , but of course some people from certain countries like denmark , or even poland , would n't mind . 
  they do n't have a cultural `` super '' power status like france or spain . 
  however , i know that most people from even the smallest countries of the eu do n't want it either , and they 're right . 
  it 's not in their interest . 
  linguistic dominance , and cultural dominance , provides immense monetary benefit . 
  that 's why countries finance their language 's or country 's cultural center abroad . 
  for example , next to my university , there 's a slavic cultural center , with a plaque thanking a few slavic countries for financing the construction of the facility . 
  you simply ca n't expect countries like france to just give up even more of the cultural position that it has already lost to english . 
  i agree , it would be practical if we 'd all just speak english , but france would be stupid to accept that . 
  there 's an anglo saxon view about the french which is strong , but it does n't reflect reality . 
  i 'm sorry , but couples in france do n't accept adultery or cheating either . 
  a french guy or girl caught cheating will suffer the consequences , and cheating is not accepted in french mentality . 
  then , it 's to each individual couple to either break up or work something out , but the french are n't automatically forgiving or comprehensive about cheating like anglo stereotypes about the french tend to insinuate . 
  however , there is one strong difference between french and anglo saxon societies , it 's that personal sex lives of politicians , or even of non famous people , are n't a point of interest for the french , or at least not as much as for americans . 
  contrary to the us , in france , someone can be elected president even though he is n't married . 
  the idea of a `` first lady '' in france is a fairly recent american influence , but few approve of the idea here . 
  yeah , that 's exactly what i was thinking of , but i did n't want to ask too much of you !, 
  thanks , that 's great !, 
  i 'm all for a say , weekly or biweekly survey on just one current question . 
  that 's great . 
  i was hoping it could be interactive . 
  i do n't want to ask too much of you , it 's already nice enough of you to use your free time for this , but will it be interactive in a way we can see the answers from only one , or a couple particular countries or something of the sort ? 
  i would n't say 99 % , but yeah , he was very popular in europe . 
  while it 's ridiculous to consider these racist , one 's got to wonder , after all those not-racist-but-considered-racist things so many companies had just because they represented non whites on some product , how can the ceos not know that something like this would cause a scandal ? 
   the revolution , and the bright sun of the enlightenment , with its universalistic claim , were celebrated with great pomp on the 200th anniversary of the french revolution in 1989 . 
  the great war can only be commemorated with sadness , because `` a disaster can not be celebrated , '' the revolution was kind of disastrous though , with the terror , the infernal columns ( republican massacres of royalists in vend\u00e9e ) and war . 
  so in a sense , both the revolution and ww1 were disastrous in human lives , but both resulted in the victory of the rather more democratic . 
  i imagine being an ambassador from a rich country in another rich or stable country is living the good life as a vip , and occasionally having a bad day to simply sit through and apologize for on the rare occasion a scandal with your country pops up . 
  diplomatic skills are surely essential , so the job probably takes some talent and experience , but overall it seems like a great position . 
  i 'm not surprised ambassador positions are so coveted , especially when it comes to being ambassador in a desirable country ( in rich countries , or in popular touristic countries ) . 
  the car more recently , the ivory coast on many occasions . 
  well , apparently the dutch army is now joining the french in mali . 
  for what i 've seen , tanks are useful for these `` peace keeping '' missions as movable fortresses with big cannons  . 
  you place one at a strategic road , and those rebel suvs do n't stand a chance . 
  also a good shield for ground troops to approach a building taken by insurgents . 
  that 's a surprising twist . 
  we were starting to feel kind of alone down there and in the willing-to-use-our-military department . 
  i do n't listen to much rock , but for `` old stuff '' i always loved early louise attaque : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0emxuhptwum http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agjc0kapeya, 
  unfortunately , there 's much confusion in france between criticizing a religion , and `` hate speech '' . 
  criticizing christianity is fine though . 
  but criticizing islam gets the obligatory `` islamophobe '' insult thrown at you . 
  criticizing judaism can do if it 's done in a very careful manner , ie focusing really on the religion , distinct to the jewish people , since most jews in france are n't religious anyway .
