  i truly fucking hate how widespread that mistake is . 
  people do n't understand apostrophes , although it 's one of the easiest spelling rules out there . 
  no , it 's about telling countries we wo n't deal with them if they insult and disrespect our politicians , or try to bully * us * around . 
  they should be happy to get into * our * market . 
  and you may say our economy is `` going '' , it 's still the largest in the world , by far , whether you like it or not . 
   `` sharia has guaranteed human rights and preserved people 's lives , possessions , honour and dignity . 
  the ministers consider the comments as irresponsible and unacceptable , '' the statement said . 
  lol , keep kidding yourselves , arab league ... 
  it 's like china saying it has `` its own form of human rights '' . 
  now i will agree we ca n't parade around breaking deals with every government which has some policies we disagree with . 
  however , this is a case of the saudis disrespecting a foreign leader , when they should make diplomatic concessions . 
  the sad part is that we 'd have the power to force others into diplomatic concessions , even the chinese , if we were more united and less of a very soft power . 
  we , the eu , * are * the largest economy . 
  they should n't get to dictate to us what to do . 
  they should fear that we do n't want to deal with them . 
  my theory is that french people , including parisians , are actually very polite , not rude . 
  but since politeness is so important , when foreigners think they act normal , they 're possibly being impolite to the frenchman 's perspective , so the french act rudely back to them although the foreigner did n't mean any harm . 
  so the irony is that the french are perceived in general as rude because they hold politeness to a high standard . 
  also , parisians are indeed distant and reserved , which can be perceived as rudeness . 
  not trying to excuse the behaviour though . 
  french people should rather understand that foreigners are n't necessarily aware of french etiquette , and even if they studied it beforehand it 's impossible to get the subtle things right if you 're not used to it . 
  everywhere in the world except for the flemish . 
  i agree . 
  it 's often hard to pass someone who 's not aware you 're trying to pass them . 
  but i did n't think it was a french thing . 
  i just thought it was people being obnoxious . 
  so i switch to snobby parisian mode and pass them looking visibly annoyed at them so they know i hate them . 
  i live in paris and everytime i happen to go remotely close to the eiffel tower i 'm still amazed at how much bigger it is than from i remember last time or from pictures i 've seen . 
  well , what you see on the chart is the 2013 numbers compared to the 2020 goals , but the chart was signed in 2010 . 
  perhaps the share of renewables increased a lot from 2010 to 2013 . 
  i mean already , sweden has surpassed its set goal , so we do n't even know how far it used to be . 
  [ or this ] ( http://www.english.rfi.fr/sites/english.filesrfi/imagecache/rfi_43_large/sites/images.rfi.fr/files/aef_image/000_arp2656424_0.jpg ), 
  well i think fewer that 30 % of the french can hold a conversation in english , so in that case that would make the french boastful of their abilities . 
  i thought it would be far smaller . 
  30-39 % in france ? 
  that would n't surprise me if it were for people under 40 perhaps , but for the whole population ? 
  no way . 
  oh for sure , there are quite strong political differences . 
  even between european redditors ' nationalities . 
  how many times do i see people here having a totally negative view of french secularism which they view as extremist , whereas most french redditors consider it perfectly reasonable . 
  i agree with everything you said here , except that environmentalism thing . 
  i do believe the environment is more important than the economy . 
  when i studied archeology i remember my teacher speaking about the relationship between politicians and archeologists , the former having to liberate funds to finance the latter . 
  a politician would say `` you archeologists worry about the dead , but i worry about the living '' to justify not financing or protecting archeological sites . 
  but the thing is that if we destroy a site , we destroy it for all the future generations , forever . 
  the environment is similar . 
  the economy can bounce up and down , but if we destroy an ecosystem , or an entire species , we destroy it forever , and the future generations wo n't be able to enjoy them . 
  yet instead , people worry about their comfort during their existence , which is highly egocentric if you ask me , and that mentality is definitely the main reason why we have a hard time getting things done to `` save '' the environment . 
  though you 're surely aware that what you get from user comments here comes from quite a specific demographic ( those interested in spending time on international internet forums , and who are anglophone and usually aware of internet culture , and somewhat more influenced by american culture due to their good abilities in english ) . 
  thus i 'd say the comment section and debates here do n't reflect the reality of daily accepted discourse in europe . 
  i 've sometimes made the mistake of thinking that casual people i talk to in real life in france have the same references as american-internet-dwelling me . 
  the more appropriate term in english would be `` rooster '' . 
  i 'll agree i pushed it a little with mac mahon . 
  but jews are definitely considered a minority in every sense of the word . 
  at the time of napoleon , corsicans were a national minority , not in the eyes of the law or whatever , but purely sociologically , and mentioning it makes sense in the context of this thread , in comparison with op 's examples . 
  i know the republican ideals of not recognizing minorities . 
  that 's not the subject though . 
  yes . 
  and they were minorities of sorts . 
  those two are n't mutually exclusive . 
  one can be french and a minority . 
  welcome to basic reality . 
  if we 're talking national minorities , or whites , as opposed to what we call in france `` visible minorities '' ( = non-whites ) then yes . 
  in the 1870s , marshal patrice de mac mahon was president , and his family originated from ireland , though that was centuries before ( the name stuck nonetheless ) . 
  sarkozy , is half jewish ( and his other half was n't a national minority , but hungarian ) . 
  also right after ww2 , the main minister of government l\u00e9on blum was of jewish origin too . 
  today , our prime minister manuel valls is actually an immigrant from spain ( catalonia ) . 
  and i wo n't even mention the kings of france , who like all kings and nobility around europe were hardly ethnically representative of their people considering they bred with nobles from all other countries . 
  i feel most big tv mini-series are joint productions . 
  even those films which seem to be centered on one country , [ like some mini series about napoleon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/napol%c3%a9on_%28miniseries%29 ) , will have a list of multiple european countries producing . 
  at least we 're not the ones who are `` bad at war '' this time ... 
  5 meters of good road for free . 
  you 're welcome . 
  regards , romania . 
  except , you know , sarkozy , who was elected president thanks to a fn-inspired rhetoric hiding behind a mainstream party , even though once elected he did n't do much to change people 's daily lives regarding crime and immigration , but initially he was elected solely for that hard stance discourse . 
  [ the diagonal of emptiness ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/diagonale_du_vide ) in france , which for some extends also straight through spain as well , is quite apparent in this configuration . 
  can someone explain the german-army-with-broomsticks thing that i 've been seeing lately ? 
  is it related to harry potter or something ? 
  i have n't read/seen them . 
  pff , twas the normans though . 
  in france every once in a while the government pushes for civic education courses about tolerance for homosexuals , jews , or about secularism ... 
  i pity the teachers who have to go through teaching that in some neighborhoods . 
  you got at least one unesco world heritage site in there and 15 national monuments . 
  pretty good use of space there . 
  you can learn from it with that new territory of yours :p, 
  still bigger than two sovereign countries ; monaco ( 2 km \u00b2 ) and vatican city ( 0.4 km \u00b2 ) , 
  also to `` suck a dick '' ( in the literal , sexual meaning ) it 's `` tailler une pipe '' ( to carve a smoke pipe ) . 
  to be in prolonged trouble it 's `` pas sorti de l'auberge '' ( to not be out of the inn ) . 
  to be highly sensitive or na\u00efve it 's '' \u00eatre fleur bleu '' ( to be blue flower ) . 
  to do something easily , or without effort ( hands down ) , it 's `` les doigts dans le nez '' ( with fingers in the nose ) . 
  to not come to a meeting/rendez-vous/date it 's `` poser un lapin '' ( to put/place a rabbit ) . 
  they 're called d\u00e9partementales now , not cantonnales . 
  otherwise , they have a impact , in people 's minds , though politically it 's indeed not that important . 
  but the fn has been dreaming since marine le pen of having a local presence . 
  municipal and departmental elections are their chances to have local presence , to then strengthen their chances in more important elections . 
  however , the electoral method is such that they need a majority to get anyone elected . 
  thus they can be the largest party in france , they could still get 0 representatives if there 's no single area where they get a majority . 
  their only chances are around the c\u00f4te d'azur , and the nord . 
  that song is used at the end of the film `` the mist '' . 
  still traumatized .
