  daaamn , luxembourg 's debt is 3000 + % of its gdp . 
  i was going to say something of the sort . 
  it would be significantly smaller . 
  loosing one of the top 3 economies ( and one of the top countries worldwide in terms of cultural and political influence ) would be pretty bad for the eu 's credibility on the international level . 
  and internally , the `` balance of power '' would be gone , as germany 's only economic `` rival '' would thus be france alone . 
  britain and france , although two sovereign nations , have a humbling effect on germany . 
  with only france left , germany is king of the eu ( or at least more so than it already is ) . 
  yeah , he or other redditors made these maps , and that blog/site surely discovered them on reddit . 
  basic internet savoir faire would have been to give credit where credit is due . 
  according to the article serge lama ( the singer ) brought his support to those drunken teens . 
  i hate that bitch . 
  not because she 's black though . 
  she 's just not likeable and i do n't think that many people liked her in metropolitan france even before she became minister . 
  i think it has lots of forests and wolves . 
  you 're definitely right to take the ferry from france to england . 
  it 's just a small trip on the sea , but it 's still an experience of western europe , and seeing the white cliffs of dover pop up on the horizon is something . 
  once you 've landed you can then call yourself caesar or william if you catch my drift  . 
  then again , some people like taking the eurostar , so they can say they took the longest undersea train , and it is indeed a staple of modern european engineering . 
  anyway , i can speak of paris perhaps , but i can only really recommend the classics . 
  the montmartre neighborhood , the `` latin quarter '' , and the famous monuments . 
  you need to wake up in the morning and get a fresh hot pastry or bread ( there are pastry shops in every street practically ) , to get a feel of the culture ( pain au chocolat , croissant , pain aux amandes , chausson aux pommes , and baguette are the classics ) . 
  just one thing , if you do n't speak french , before addressing someone on the street for directions , or a vendor , say `` do you speak english ? '', 
  first . 
  basic politeness goes a long way . 
  that surely works for all countries which are n't known for being very fluent in english ( in scandinavian countries it may actually be rude to ask that question first :p because of course they speak english ) . 
  you may as well cut through toulouse when heading north to paris . 
  i do n't know if you have time or if it 's your thing , but you could also check out some of the `` chateaux de la loire '' ( loire castles ) on your way to paris , though it 's a little to the west . 
  the comment was in the negative before i added the edit . 
  and i agree , it does look silly now that it 's the top comment , but what can a man do , eh ? 
  so brave . 
  here 's wikipedia 's definition of ethnic cleansing : ethnic cleansing is a the process or policy of eliminating unwanted ethnic or religious groups by deportation , forcible displacement , mass murder , or by threats of such acts , with the intent of creating a territory inhabited by people of a homogeneous or pure ethnicity , religion , culture , and history . 
  ethnic cleansing usually involves attempts to remove physical and cultural evidence of the targeted group in the territory through the destruction of homes , social centers , farms , and infrastructure , and by the desecration of monuments , cemeteries , and places of worship . 
  so yeah . 
  what 's happening with serbs in kosovo is ethnic cleansing . 
  not directly by the government of kosovo , mind you , but by the majority population through threats , destruction and attacks , with the tacit complicity of the government . 
  i do n't care about downvotes . . which is why i edited in something which could give me more . 
  however i do sometimes call out downvotes because that downvote system makes it impossible to debate with those who disagree with you , and they just anonymously dismiss a comment without having to face the debate , and that 's a shame . 
  tomb desecration is surely the most cowardly act of ethnic/religious confrontation there is . 
  but move along guys , this is about the serbs , so no one cares ... hey let 's give some aid to the albanians in kosovo , never mind the serbian enclaves being practically ethnically cleansed on our continent . 
  edit : wow , i 'm downvoted for a basically truthful comment . 
  maybe i can get downvoted more : every year on christmas there 's a french far-fight group [ which brings ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaeypc43ocy ) school supplies , household objects , toys and means of defense ( security cameras . . ) to the serbian enclaves in kosovo . 
  it 's sad that serbs there are so much ignored and vilified that the only ones who care anymore are the far-right . 
  same in french and english : temple . 
  mostly used for pagan edifices , which makes sense as it comes from latin . 
  how do linguists manage to try to determine `` proto basque '' considering basque is the only language known in its family ? 
  perhaps `` proto basque '' is simply `` old basque '' ? 
  yes , i actually wanted to add that in my comment . 
  italian immigrants were very numerous in the us in particular , and then the us exported their food back to the world . 
  had the french immigrated to the us as much , crepe street vendors and fast foods would be as commonplace in the world as paninis and pizzas :p, 
  it 's totally illegal in france , but most people caught sporting a joint or a small bag get off with a fine and/or a suspended sentence . 
  actual cannabis dealers can sometimes get a prison sentence but it 's not that harsh either . 
  small-time dealers would probably just get a fine and a suspended sentence too , if they were caught for the first time . 
  i do n't smoke pot myself and am not interested anymore , but i 'm for total legalization . 
  sell the stuff in our usual cigarette shops . 
  get brands to compete for quality and price . 
  it 's not worse than tobacco for health , or alcohol for health and mental effects . 
  if it 's a legal substance , adolescents will certainly smoke some at parties , like drinking alcohol , and then they 'll move on and get over it except for the rare bunch who 'll get totally addicted , but this happens already even if it 's illegal . 
  if it 's legal , there would be room for more cannabis awareness campaigns , like for cigarettes and alcohol , and that would do . 
  i do n't know how it is now , but 5-10 years ago when i was a late adolescent and young adult , there was pot in every party here . 
  those who wanted to smoke it did , those who did n't did n't . 
  no big deal . 
  making it legal would n't change much . 
  they know what good food is , but unlike us ( the french ) their food managed to be successfully spread as fast and awesome convenient food ( pizza , pasta ... ) . 
  we invaded the italian peninsula like , 5 times in the span of a century , but it 's mainly forgotten to history so no one knows about it . 
  yes , i 'm jealous of not having royalty :p i propose a new design for the french euro coin : [ here ] ( http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/fantasy-guillotine-17645937.jpg ) . 
  of course . 
  that 's what happens with every monarchy . 
  when queen elizabeth dies , the uk will issue new coins and bills with the face of whoever they finally decide will replace her . 
  the older coins/bills will still be valid of course , until they get too worn out and old . 
  the euro coins with the faces of some royalty are definitely the most boring ones ... especially belgium 's and spain 's :p, 
  i do n't count in that percentage either , because i 'm an intern ... 
  in france i believe i only learned the abc song which is the same as the english/american one , though we do n't have the ending like `` now i know my abc ... '' . 
  when i need to think of the order of letters , i actually still do sing it in my head . 
  [ but . . but i saved mali ] ( http://www.patrickbeaudouin.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/le-president-hollande-le-jour-de-son-investiture_574187_510x255-e1367871138998.jpg ), 
  i was born in a paris ( france ) suburb in 1986 . 
  * gameboy ( the big fat white/grey first gameboy ) . 
  * the lemmings game on my parents ' early macintosh computer . 
  * nintendo 64 ( though that was during my adolescence ) . 
  * the lingerie section in those thick clothes magazines ( also , early adolescence :d ) * the early 56k internet speed . 
  * skiing in the pyrenees every winter . 
  * the x-files tv show that i 'd watch , very young , with my father - scared the shit out of me . 
  * riding my bicycle through the forest nearby and exploding things with crackers . 
  * the magic card game . 
  * pogs !, 
  the 90s were so awesome to grow up in . 
  rahan is fucking awesome . 
  i used to have all the comics including the `` hors s\u00e9rie '' books which were n't for kids considering the `` massive '' sexual undertones . 
  i live in paris . 
  these photos are both not shocking ( yeah , there are dirty places ) and not representative of paris ( take a picture of some naked drunk guy - uh , ok , but that 's not what distinguishes paris from other cities ) . 
  what i mean to say is basically , yeah , paris is a city . 
  so all these things like `` look , there are actual dirty sewers in paris ! '', 
  kind of get tiring . 
  only idiots have that idealized version of paris . 
  sayings things like `` i apologize on behalf of ... '' on an internet forum is a common joke . 
  what , now , what ? 
  lalalala i ca n't hear anything lalala, 
  oh , yeah , i 'm also sorry for henry 's handball !, 
  i rooted against the team after and cheered when they lost , 
  there 's a way to criticize tax havens and fiscal policies without insulting entire nations with crude words . 
  i 'd like to present my apologies on behalf of the 98 % of french people who have never voted for this guy .
