  [ here ] ( http://culturezvous.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/doisneau-baiser-hotel-ville.jpg ) . 
  apparently it was staged though . 
  wow , his eyes , and face , are eerily beautiful . 
  uncanny valley , but aesthetic at the same time . 
  i invested in an e-cig . 
  cost me 70 euros total with a month 's worth of liquid , which pretty much means that within maximum 2 weeks , i had a return on investment for not buying cigarettes for all that time ( a pack is like 7 euros ) . 
  though the initial price seems big , it 's completely worth it for countries where cigarettes are very expensive . 
  though granted , it 's less pleasurable than a good old cigarette , if it helps to eventually stop , it 's a good investment . 
  then again , to be fair , there are only two large burger chains in france . 
  mcdonald 's , and to a lesser degree another joint called quick , dominate the french market by far . 
  burger king is only just coming back with a couple restaurants ( it had previously left france due to poor sales ) . 
  we do love hamburgers nonetheless . 
  one could say that the `` progressive rout '' though , is that if a criminal served his time legally , he should n't pay the price for the rest of his life . 
  he served his sentence , and should be given a chance for rehabilitation , and that means any kind of job . 
  ( i 'm not saying i necessarily agree with that though , just sayin ' ), 
  using fences as murals to expose art or messages is quite common . 
  here 's the [ luxembourg garden ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-e0qxx0xr_i8/u8oyzjzyjdi/aaaaaaaaa1o/jmriv6ygkcm/s1600/jardin+public+4.jpg ) in paris which has been doing this for a while . 
  it 's funny cause i just mentioned in a previous comment the fact that the media may focus on one rare occurrence of violence . 
  and yet you thought doing the same would be a good argument . 
  i do n't agree with all protests and whatnot . 
  but in general , i think it 's a good thing . 
  about taxi drivers , though i dislike them generally , i do understand they 're pissed because they bought their taxi license for a couple hundred thousand euros . 
  but i personally prefer uber , and disagree with taxi drivers ' violence . 
  but taking one stupid example does n't change my overall argument which i think you missed . 
  also , i feel i must retroactively answer this :  if that 's not `` emotional '' , than i do n't know what is . 
  and it 's pointless discussing with someone who starts taking it personally , it 's like arguing with someone who starts yelling . 
  i rather not . 
  you did n't understand . 
  i did n't say i was n't getting emotional . 
  i absolutely was/am . 
  my point is that i 'm allowed to get emotional , and you should n't chastise me for it , when you provoked an emotional response in the first place . 
  that 's the basic result of an argument . 
  when someone says stupid shit about a subject you 're very invested in , do n't * you * get emotional ? 
  in france , we do get emotional about things , that 's why we protest in the first place . 
  we 're not apathetic :p, 
   resisting progress or more efficiency to save jobs is a bad thing . 
  that 's the basic assumption you 're making which is ultimately wrong in many cases . 
  many protests are about protecting social rights . 
  or about protesting unfair laws . 
  like laws against privacy , for example . 
  or foreign policy which people find unjust . 
  like what i referred to before about americans bombing innocent civilians in pakistan . 
  anti-war protests . 
  you 're reducing the idea of protests to a very small political side . 
  it 's much broader than you think . 
  you make claims against french society . 
  i argue against your claims . 
  your answer is that i 'm getting too emotional about it . 
  basically , your answer is completely useless . 
  if you do n't own up to your initial claim and counter-argue or concede , do n't bother answering at all . 
  i 'm certain you know the feeling when someone online uses the `` do n't get so emotional '' argument . 
  you know it 's a shit argument . 
  be above that . 
  do n't use it . 
   your right to `` express youself '' in public ends when it causes harm to others . 
  that 's all nice and dandy . 
  painfully reductive though . 
  regardless of the real socio-political fact that sometimes things do need to get violent when facing injustice , the thing is that most protests and strikes are perfectly peaceful . 
  hell , perhaps some strikes block a part of the economy for a bit , but some strikes may very well be legitimate , and if blocking the economy for a day or two is what it takes , than at least the french people are n't afraid to take matters in their own hands . 
  thankfully , french society is such that when there 's a strike that blocks other workers from going to their jobs , the latter are pretty much protected from being fired for not showing up . 
  we have social rights here ... 
  protests and strikes are the very things that protected the social rights to protest without fearing for our jobs . . would n't you know , eh ? 
  if the medias only show the rare clich\u00e9 and stereotypical occasions of a protest gone wrong , well maybe you should read up a bit on the reality of french society 's willingness to protest , instead of throwing the most ridiculously clich\u00e9 arguments about `` vandals '' and whatnot . 
  alright , so you listed a few examples . 
  the french people who 's jobs depend on these issues protest when there 's a law change . 
  are you saying that 's a bad thing ? 
  do people in your country just suck it up without saying anything ? 
  are you saying that 's better ? 
  to be apathetic ? 
  hey , good on you , if you just take everything the government tells you to do after an election . 
  apparently , the opposite is so awful for you . 
  hey , if that 's your thing , who am i to complain ? 
  actually , i do n't . 
  i do n't give a shit about what your people do . 
  you 're the one shitting on my people when they exercise their rights ... 
  americans voted for obama , his administration bombs the shit out of innocent civilians in pakistan and whatnot , and while the american people are mostly against it , they hardly even express their disagreement , hardly put any pressure on the government over these actions . 
  that 's crazy . 
  thinking democracy ends after the last election is ridiculous and extremely dangerous . 
  perhaps it 's just french culture . 
  compared to the rest of europe , democracy has been in our history , culture and aspirations for longer than others , so maybe that 's why we actually know how to use our rights . 
  public space is a forum for us to express ourselves . 
  i 'm proud that we use it . 
  and shame on others for not doing so , not the other way around like you 're implying . 
  i did n't say french policy is `` better '' . 
  i said we influence french policy after the elections because we still express ourselves and influence politicians after we elected them . 
  and that 's better no matter how many foreigners mock the french for not being ridiculously apathetic at what their government decides to do . 
  and when it comes to foreign policy , comparison with `` other eu members '' is useless . 
  in the eu , only the uk has a comparably important foreign policy beyond the eu . 
  what foreign policy does austria , slovenia ( etc. . ) have beyond the eu ? 
  ( not insulting them , just not comparable ) . 
  i think * others * are weird with how compliant they are . 
  in this particular case , i agree with the government and all , but in general people * should * protest to show their disagreement ( whether i agree with their complaints or not , everyone is free to start a debate ) . 
  the french get shit on for striking and protesting `` all the time '' , but that 's cause we have convictions , or because we feel strongly about our rights and whatnot . 
  of all things , everyone else * not * protesting against their governments and whatnot are completely apathetic . 
  i often feel other countries ' governments get away with a lot of shit that definitely would n't go well in france . 
  ^ ( then we get the surrender stereotype although simultaneously we 're - rightfully this time - stereotyped as being the least compliant . 
  it 's one or the other ... ), 
   at least we are n't schizophrenic like the swiss hem . 
  i need someone here to remind us again that france is the `` sick man of europe '' and `` on the verge of economic collapse the likes europe has never seen '' . 
  too many conflicting feelings here .
