  i would n't say brittany is `` split '' . 
  brittany is pretty much whole how it is . 
  the nantes area may have been at some point historically part of brittany , but that it 's perpetually an integral part of brittany is debatable . 
  borders back in the day were ever changing , and there were n't ideas of nation-states back then . 
  the nantes area traditionally speaks gallo , which is the `` breton '' version of a french romance dialect . 
  now do n't get me wrong . 
  the argument that the nantes area should be part of brittany is very strong , historically mostly , but also culturally . 
  however there certainly is a gradiant from pure french to pure breton . 
  and nantes is kind of in the middle there . 
  i 'd support the nantes area to join brittany , as a parisian of breton origins . 
  but even some bretons do n't consider the nantes people as bretons . 
  so it 's not like it 's a black and white issue . 
  the people of nantes , however , seem to be in majority for joining brittany . 
  it 's quite trendy nowadays to be breton/celtic . 
  the netherlands are the size of a large french region ... so ... that 's kind of answering your question :p more seriously , regions can administer large financial projects , like building an airport , a highway , a theme park ... 
  it 's easier when a region is larger and richer / more powerful , allowing it to finance its own things without going through administrative hurdles like asking the state or neighboring regions to participate in financing . 
  that 's what i was thinking too . 
  actually , i 'd say paris is n't high enough in startups for a global city , which also sucks up much of the creativity of the rest a country that 's supposed to be the 5th or 6th world economy . 
  so i 'd say given these favourable circumstances , france is way behind . 
  i read francophobia as well , as it 's so common on reddit , but reading this thread it 's as if it * were * a thread about francophobia . 
  op 's just informing that there 's a francophonie subreddit if anyone 's interested , and half of the people here are whining about the french not accepting that their language is `` dead '' . 
  lol wtf . 
  it 's like we ca n't ever say anything without getting impertinent criticism . 
  that makes me think i should go visit sweden while there 's still some of it left . 
  i 've never heard about not being able to bring food in uni of all places . 
  i 'm pretty sure students can ask to not be served the meat on their plate , and thus that constitutes the vegetarian option . 
  perhaps some meals may be low on protein without the meat , but usually , in french schools , main courses include something like a meat , vegetable side , and potatoes/rice/or / pasta . 
  and this does n't include all the various options in entr\u00e9es ( salads notably ) and deserts ( yogurts , fruits , cheese ... ) . 
  seems to me there 's plenty of options to get a full meal while avoiding the meat . 
  not saying i agree with the current situation , i think there should be different options , without necessarily pandering to religions , but i do n't think it 's very difficult to avoid foods that god does n't want people to eat for some reason . 
  whenever there 's a poll on / r/europe , france wins the question `` what european country to you dislike the most '' . 
  gets more votes than belarus . . and it 's not necessarily because france is more famous , france gets more votes than russia even . 
  i know many people like france and all , but i also feel france gets a lot of negative attention , and unwarranted hatred . 
  imo , that 's due to british/american influence . 
  their innate francophobia ( which is more joking around from the british , and more aggressive/actual hatred from americans ) leaks to other countries due to their significant cultural influence around the world . 
  we win all the mildly watched sports !, 
  so stronk right now !, 
  huh , that 's pretty cool . 
  * saved , just in case *, 
  the difference is , imo , is that the french only have canada as a developed , western nation to go to , that speaks french . 
  spaniards and portuguese , though they migrate in rather large numbers to their former colonies , they also have strong , if not better choices of destination in western developed nations , notably in the eu , where the quality of life is higher than in their former colonies ( though brazil is a nice contender ) . 
  the french do and can go to germany , the uk , and the us . 
  but for a french-speaking area , which is neat , developed and excitingly new , there 's only quebec . 
  from op 's source :  credit suisse recently published a study comparing the wealth ( net worth ) of an average adult ( as an individual , not the wealth of the whole state divided by its population ) i still do n't get it . 
  how did they calculate it then ? 
  why is the difference so big compared to the usual gdp per capita maps ? 
  i mean sure , you do n't count kids in this map i guess , but germans make fewer kids than the french , so that does n't explain the disparity here . . 
  lol , what a stupid-ass response . 
  i 'm against france being part of nato myself , but unlike you , i decided not to answer like an aggressive idiot , and discuss the reasons why france had a preferential deal . 
  do n't message me if it 's to act like a cunt . 
  i 'm tired of this shit . 
  though , more or less tied with britain , france is the 2nd most powerful military in nato . 
  so in case of an actual conflict , france is one of the handful of nato countries with an actual army , and thus with the power to protect others in an actually significant manner ( while most nato countries are in it to get the protection from others , mainly from the us of course ) . 
  well , grossly , i feel at home in all of europe ( or at least what i 've seen ) . 
  whereas even in other western countries , like the us that we naturally know so much about , and speak the language , the general `` vibe '' and feeling of the country feels alien to me . 
  i could be in denmark , poland , spain , even not speaking the languages , i feel more at home there than in the us , though i even have us citizenship ( though i 've always lived in france ) . 
  probably 70s porn too :p it 's just that in the 70s , germany and france were doing more porn , and back then women let their natural hair grow . 
  really ? 
  i 've never heard that before . 
  in france , the mediterranean man in general is viewed as hairy , though our main `` victim '' in that regard are the portuguese for some reason . 
  but otherwise , i 've known brits who were aware of the stereotype of the hairy frenchmen . 
  the famous [ end of the world ] ( https://youtu.be/kcpjgl2bals?t=40s ) animation is an example of the hairy french people stereotype ( notice the hair on the man and woman ) . 
  finland is rather the folk power melodic speed metal stereotype . 
  black metal is definitely norway 's . 
  in some countries , the french have a reputation of being hairy . 
  apparently , that 's mainly due to french 70s porn , where female actresses had full blown bushes between their legs . 
  for some reason , that reputation stuck for the next 40 years . 
  no one has mentioned it yet , but i feel that part of the underlining motivation against romania joining schengen is their large gypsy population . 
  no one wants them . 
  and here i was , thinking witnessing a lottery in the french countryside where one could win a sheep was rustic . 
  lol man , you 're not going to teach me history ... take a fucking joke . 
  though prussians have been using those ss-type skulls since before wwi even . 
  i just remember some pictures of wwi german generals with these identical skull designs in huge on their hats . 
  but then again , germans have always been the bad guys , 
  we get it . 
  you like green and red . 
  it made me suddenly feel the need to deport people . 
  you 're saying this as if it were n't a prideful moment for us . 
  you 're an uncultured idiot ? 
   my hypothetical is 100 % true lol , that makes no sense . 
  that 's a complete contradiction . 
  and again , iraq had nothing to do with 9/11 . 
  seriously , are you a total idiot ? 
  you 're a joke . 
  i 'm done with you . 
  `` have some perspective '' means nothing when your argument does n't make any sense . 
  do you not agree that france was right to be against the iraq invasion , and are more right today considering how it turned out ? 
  that 's my perspective . 
  but your arguments are n't based on realities , like your hypothetic about `` if the french did n't get help '' . 
  i do n't think you get me . 
  we helped in afghanistan . 
  what more do you want ? 
  we helped where the actual cause of 9/11 came from !, 
  that the us public thought iraq was responsible is the result of your politicians lying to you , and you being gullible . 
  france was still right to not agree with the invasion of iraq . 
  now that you know your politicians were lying to you , why are you even arguing with me now ? 
  the invasion of iraq was wrong . 
  what kind of stupid-ass ally blindly follows orders ? 
  that 's not what allies are . 
  if france started invading some african country to colonize it , we 'd have no right to complain that the us disagrees .
