  basically , this antifa guy joins a street-fight group whose sole purpose is to physically attack another street-fight group . 
  right or wrong , he probably did expect to be in dangerous situations . 
  i feel sorry for the dead , but the media and political reaction is pretty much ignorant and ludicrous . 
  they 're making it as a story of skinheads attacking nice young leftists because of their political beliefs . 
  in reality , the leftists were an antifa group , who exist solely to be against the `` fascists '' , mostly through physical violence , and these guys fight eachother all the time . 
  this is just one of these fights that went tragically wrong , and the death is surely unintentional , even if the violence obviously was not . 
  i must say femen has indeed become rather annoying lately . 
  i do n't really know about these `` antigones '' chicks , though their video is indeed somewhat cringy . 
  the hottest and sunniest time in europe tends to be early august i believe . 
  lately we 've been having exceptionally bad weather . 
  here in france it feels like we 've been in autumn this past month . 
  it 's actually quite condescending to systematically say that a country 's government is due only to western meddling . 
  it 's condescending not to western countries , but to the `` victim '' countries in question . 
  turkey has a secular democratic tradition since atat\u00fcrk , against the western powers ' will . 
  the west has nothing to do with turkey having military coups . 
  it 's a turko-turkish thing , and the rest of the world has to deal with it . 
  what kind of intervention ? 
  the turkish military is n't better than the strongest western armies ( ie us , uk , france ) , but it 's still to be taken seriously . 
  an intervention would n't be a `` walk in the park '' like libya and whatnot . 
  a military intervention could be disastrous , but granted , it 's difficult in this situation to know where the turkish army stands , and it all depends how far it was infiltrated by the government . 
  or maybe you were rather thinking of economic sanctions ? 
  i do believe the turkish government is already starting to suffer diplomatically from its actions against its people . 
  the quality of ` murica as a liberator is n't what it used to be . 
  it 's practically amateur now . 
  i never heard a frenchman `` want '' to be northern european . 
  of all things , the trend for french people is that the mediterranean , sunny beaches , mediterranean food , temper , is prefered . 
  however i disagree that france is southern . 
  it 's too diverse . 
  the only real southern ( aka mediterranean ) part is the strip of land to the south , the `` c\u00f4te d'azur '' . 
  they 're mediterranean to the core . 
  the rest of france is nothing like mediterranean countries , from the alps in savoie to brittany , from the basque country to alsace . 
  ahaha , awesome . 
  the hittites used to have a civilization in anatolia . 
  twas conquered by greeks , gauls migrated there , and romans conquered it too . 
  then the byzantines ruled the lands until the ottomans , of turkic stock , took over in very little time . 
  ottomans conquered a lot of south-eastern europe , near east and north africa . 
  many wars ensued . 
  then the empire started declining in favor of modern industrialized european powers . 
  the ottomans tried to come back with ww1 but chose the loosing side and payed dearly . 
  ottoman empire was disbanded , but atat\u00fcrk basically saved turkey from a much more severe partition . 
  made it a secular democracy , modernizing it in a western way . 
  turkey is an ally to the us in the near east . 
  wanted to join the eu but was n't complying with some rules ( notably the cyprus situation , and lack of recognition of the armenian genocide , and also many europeans simply considering turkey is n't european ) , and turkey got more or less tired of trying though their candidacy is still open . 
  french king francis i ( fran\u00e7ois 1er ) was the first christian european monarch to ally with the muslim turks in a war , against other christian kingdoms , which was somewhat of a gamechanger , and highly criticized at the time . 
  in french , there 's an expression to describe someone who is physically strong , `` fort comme un turc '' , which means `` strong like a turk '' . 
  you started rambling about the irrelevant fact that some muslims fought for free france , basically implying that 's why it 's `` horribly wrong '' for her to point out that illegally blocking public streets , for religious activity of all things ( which is a notable transgression for the french secular tradition ) , constitutes occupation . 
  now you complain that the comparison to ww2 is unacceptable . 
  i get that . 
  what i disagree with is that she made that comparison . 
  she did n't . 
  there 's a subtlety in the french language , and in legal language which she , as a trained lawyer , knows well . 
  if one analyses what she meant , instead of what you want her to mean , i do n't see it as her saying that muslims illegally blocking public streets is equivalent to the occupation . 
  i see her saying that , while we 're mentioning the subject of being occupied , today , there is also an occupation . 
  i think most people like to see her say something shocking relative to ww2 , because they 're predisposed to that , they want her to . 
  perhaps i 'm predisposed to not make these conclusions . 
  i have no sympathies for nazis , collaborators or whatnot . 
  and i have no sympathy for muslims who do this . 
  the two events are n't comparable historically , but the actions are both violent in action or symbolism , and constitute occupation . 
  i basically think that what she meant is `` stop fucking talking to me about ww2 every chance you get , look at what 's going on today '' . 
  just how we should n't liken every muslim to a terrorist , we should n't liken every muslim to those that were called to liberate the country 70 years ago . 
  especially those who purposefully block a public street to make a point - and by the way , no women are allowed to pass , and i 'd suggest you do n't try either . 
  she did n't say anything remotely wrong in my opinion , but people , as usual , just line up like sheep to find an excuse to be offended . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  people want her to imply something they can use against her . 
  they absolutely want her to be a nazi , because that 's their fantasy , so regardless of the fact that her boyfriend and number 2 in the fn is of jewish origin ( louis alliot ) , they 'll prey on her every word that remotely resembles war crime apology and not let it go . 
  the `` big mistake '' by the eu parliament that i was referring to was n't to defend her particularly , but because it serves her and the fn well , to show the people that they are victimized . 
  and very honestly , they are , by the way they 're treated by the medias , with condescension more often than not , and by foreign eu politicians who have absolutely no grasp of the consequences of their actions on french internal politics , and look more like vultures than anything else . 
  nice straw man fallacy . 
  the demonstrations were allowed by the police prefect . 
  every demonstration needs authorization from the police . 
   she said that muslims using the streets to pray because mosques were overflowing was an `` occupation '' of french territory . 
  i 'd just like to mention that this is n't true on two accounts . 
  firstly , it has been duly noted by some medias and commentators that many of these street-praying muslims come from far away to pray in those particular streets ( as their license plates suggest ) as a way to make a point . 
  not to mention the `` grand mosque '' of paris has plenty of room , and is rarely full . 
  secondly , ms le pen knows that , so she did n't say `` because mosques were overflowing '' , though that phrasing suggests she agrees that they have to pray outside because of full mosques . 
  anyway , it technically is `` occupation of french territory '' considering they are illegally shutting off a public street . 
  she likened it to an `` occupation '' because medias constantly ask her and her party about ww2 . 
  sorry , but i do n't think she 's said anything wrong , and the eu parliament is making a big mistake here . 
  same with france . 
  ubisoft produced or developed some classic games like rayman , assassin 's creed , prince of persia , rainbow six , and whatnot . 
  i 'm surprised commando is spanish . 
  good games . 
  good times . 
  true , though most regionalist movements are left-wing , with a few exceptions like northern italy and corsica . 
  the basque , catalan , breton , scottish.etc . . regionalists tend to stray much more to the left . 
  yeah , i know the far left can be extremely violent , i experience what we call `` red nazis '' physically terrorizing anyone who is n't on the left in some left-leaning universities and all ... but i 've been so brainwashed by the medias constant evangelization of the `` progressive '' left wing , and the demonization of the dangerous far-right that i was still pretty surprised the left beats the right no contest in terms of number of terrorist acts . 
  well , what i 'm saying is that there are very few far right terrorist attacks , but when one happens ( like breivik , which was admittedly extremely deadly ) all the media goes on about the `` dangers of far right terrorism '' , or saying `` you see ? 
  not only muslims are terrorists , the far right is too ! '', 
  cause one guy went postal . 
  i had already seen the europol terrorism reports , back in 2010 . 
  my biggest surprise was that most terrorist attacks are committed by the fat left . 
  the far right in 2008 or something was responsible for some 2 terrorist attacks throughout europe , whereas far left attacks are counted in the 30s or something , and they do n't count terrorism from environmentalist activists as far left , so that would add even more . 
  however , i 'd like to say that most terrorist attacks do n't aim to kill people . 
  it could be like an animal rights group blowing up an empty animal testing facility at night . 
  muslim terrorist attacks always aim to kill people . 
  that surprises me a lot . 
  maybe they were danish tourists :p, 
  that 's amazing to me . 
  in paris i cross the street anywhere anytime as long as there 's no foreseeable danger , even in front of cops . 
  no one really cares , though perhaps it does make drivers nervous ) .
