  well you 're right , there 's no reason for you to downvote or hate me for saying how things are . 
  i never said , however , that the annexation made italian a popular choice . 
  i said the proximity to italy could make italian a popular choice . 
  that was a different subject from the annexation . 
  where the annexation deal is pertinent , is that there was , at a time , italian speakers in what it now slovenia . 
  now i do n't know if there are any left , probably not , but regardless the question about there being italian speakers in slovenia is historically pertinent . 
  i was defending the validity of the question , not saying there are any italians left in slovenia . 
  there are quite a few folk bands in france , and very different considering the diversity of french regions . 
  one of the most popular traditional music regions in france is obviously brittany , since they go for celtic music , which is trendy : [ les naufrag\u00e9s - le corsaire le grand coureur ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=razt3xjfthc ) [ tri yann - pelot d'hennebont ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ne2lzsg8bic ) [ tri yann - dans les prisons de nantes ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th_kuehhzhw ) [ tri yann - la jument de michau ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijpi1ohi_q8 ) [ alan stivell - tri martolod ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyfwyqggia0 ) ( this one 's in the breton language - great song - for those who listen to folk metal , you 'll recognize eluveitie 's inspiration in their song [ inis mona ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iijklhcqw5o ) ) however , there are quite a few bands which represent other regions . 
  the band malicorne performs traditional ethnic french music , though the depressing kind : [ malicorne - les tristes noces ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jg0gtjqlgbo ) ( it really starts at 1:40 - very beautiful , sad song ) [ malicorne - quand j' \u00e9tais fille \u00e0 marier ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aijog7ol50q ), 
  it 's actually a very pertinent question . 
  part of slovenia was annexed by italy after ww1 i think , on the grounds that there were ethnic italians there at the time , and many slovenes were italianized during the fascist regime . 
  and the proximity to italy would suggest italian could be a popular second or third language in school . 
  i had heard that slovenia was great ( like croatia but richer ) , thanks for confirming . 
  looks cool !, 
  yup . 
  that was surprising . 
  yeah , it happened to me a couple times too when i was a kid and not living in a big city . 
  scary stuff , because their movement is so unpredictable and chaotic-looking . 
  the article is good news nonetheless , 
  i tend to be rather dismissive of the endless subreddits people always seem to want to create , because there 's most of the time no need for them . 
  however , i largely think this one is needed !, 
  there 's no doubt / r/europe is too focused on politics , maybe we can all hang out in a culture subreddit for less gloomy news , 
  i agree that politicians in power try to make themselves look good , or not as bad as they are , and the opposition does the opposite . 
  that 's politics 101 . 
  because i 'm an individual and do n't necessarily reflect general attitudes . 
  the french have been pessimistic since the end of ww1 . 
  thinking their world is about to end is probably the most common feeling amongst the general french population . 
  you obviously do n't know what you 're talking about when you 're implying the french are in denial . 
   france still has probably between 4 and 5 years until it starts to look like spain does now . 
  yeah , i remember when that 's what people were saying 4 years ago . 
  i also wish rugby was more popular in other european countries . 
  it 's a great sport , the six nations is nice , and the world cup sees additional great ( or better ? ), 
  teams ( tri nations . . etc ) , but i feel the countries with a decent team are painfully rare . 
  what a shame . 
  [ thanks , hollande !, 
  it 's pretty common in france that policemen in civilian outfits try to blend in the crowd of protesters , and there have been some videos trying to demonstrate that some even incited violence , or participated in violence . 
  our university and funds : our discovery . 
  maybe marie curie would have stayed in poland if polish universities allowed women to study there . 
  that 's a very valid point . 
  the eu at 28 , considering the population and free market , is indeed a massive economy . 
  there is however perhaps more disagreement with 28 different states , than with 6 similar western european and mature economies . 
  it seems obvious to me , that these 6 , with perhaps a couple additions , would have evolved faster on their own , than with other governments , let alone over 20 other governments . 
  and i feel i need to mention again , that apart from luxembourg and belgium which are net recipient in the eu budget ( i believe , because they need to hold eu institutions despite their small size ) , the others are net contributors by far . 
  using those billions of euros to help more `` developing '' european countries is fine to me , i embrace it , but one can wonder what could have been done with that `` excess '' money if most of it stayed with the countries which provided it . 
  one could argue however , that western europe would be less rich if it did n't have eastern european markets open to them . 
  i do n't think it 's remotely possible for a union of countries withing the eu , because now , with the size of the eu , every country seems to want to count . 
  it would be interesting though , if countries within the eu decide they 're close enough and could weigh more in eu decisions if they united somehow . 
  but i feel the trend is more about division , because the overseeing eu and feeling of protection encourages regional divisions . 
  anyway , to go back to my first point , the interesting thing about an eu limited to the inner six is that those are all countries which give more to the eu budget than they receive . 
  i 'm all for helping other current eu countries economically , but here we 'd have only mature economies . 
  also , one can wonder if other european countries would have thus created their own unions . 
  i 'm thinking of a scandinavian union for example . 
  and in this scenario , maybe there would be friendly competition between those different unions for new members between them . 
  or perhaps debate about the different unions becoming one . 
  lol , sorry :p i sometimes wonder , however , if the first 6 ( and perhaps just a couple additions ) would be closer to a federal state had they stayed modest and did n't expand so fast in the later decades . 
  it would have made for a massively powerful state . 
  sorry , i was in a bad mood yesterday :p anyway , no , i do n't . 
  after my degree in archeology , i went on working in tourism , to hopefully work in `` cultural tourism '' relative to archeology and history . 
  yeah , we do n't learn much about it . 
  we also have to know that it 's in the eu , and are taught that it used to be czechoslovakia but eventually separated . 
  by `` learn '' i mean those historical moments are barely mentioned . 
  maybe the only significant thing we learn about the country is the sudetenland business with nazi germany . 
  i believe the general consensus is erectus first came to europe , and erectus gave rise to all the other homo species which eventually made their way to europe , or evolved from erectus in europe , be it antecessor , heidelbergensis , neanderthal , and sapiens ( some coming from africa , some born in europe like neanderthal ) . 
  however , the classification is difficult as indeed , there are `` in betweeners '' , that 's why we talk of `` proto-neanderthals '' and all , as ultimately we found many human fossils , and they all fit somewhere along the evolutionary line , but it 's often hard to definitely categorise them into one of the species , since evolution is of course very progressive and slow . 
  an individual may be called heidelbergensis though still has leftover `` primitive '' traits which remind us of erectus , so maybe we 'd rather call him proto-heidelbergensis , or something else entirely . 
  grossly , yes , though it 's a difficult classification , as is dating the fossils . 
  [ atapuerca ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atapuerca_mountains ) is probably the most famous early palolithic site in spain . 
  i have a degree in archaeology . 
  my speciality was neanderthals . 
  the earliest humans in spain were n't neanderthals ( it 's common to say `` humans '' when referring to any species of homo ) . 
  i do n't know what you 're trying to correct from what i said . 
   the study suggests that blue eyes were already common among the continent 's early hunter-gatherers if that 's a guy who lived 7,000 years ago , that 's a pretty late hunter gatherer considering there 's evidence of humans in europe , and particularly in spain back at least 500,000 years ago , and that 's a conservative figure , and the neolithic started shortly after . 
  so he 's rather one of the last . 
  well , they could n't expand too far from their center , not because they did n't want to , but because they could n't . 
  i 'm fairly certain they wanted to conquer scotland , germania and everything else ... 
  for sure , they left their mark , but in the way a foreign invading power does . 
  not a criticism against turks here , but i 've always considered them as belonging to a different civilisation , with their centre in asia . 
  i think the caucasus countries are outside of europe , since the general border is the caucasus mountains , and most of the caucasus countries ' borders are south of the caucasus mountain peaks . 
  also , historically and culturally , they 're just not convincingly european . 
  otherwise , for me russia is european . 
  turkey is n't . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  hopefully , you got to read and see the asterix in britain comic/movie in french , because it 's so much funnier in french . 
  and you 'll notice how much we actually love you  . 
  the authors portrayed the british as honorable people , and they did n't do the same with the germans !, 
  to be honest , of all the very popular french-language comics in france , asterix is one of the few which is actually french from france in origin . 
  i do n't know what it is about those french-speaking ( walloon ) belgians , but they know how to write a fucking comic book , and in france we 're flooded by those walloon creations . 
  tintin , gaston , spirou ... but the uneducated think they 're french so hey , thanks to our belgian friends , 
  for anyone who has read or watched in french the asterix in britain comic/movie , you british are supposed to say `` magique potion '' , not the other way around !, 
  yeah , report every opinion you do n't agree with . 
  that should do it . 
  well , considering roma way of life , a roma country would n't be sustainable . 
  so the mere idea of a roma country is kind of ludicrous . 
  i dislike hollande and his government as much as the next guy , and he 's not doing too good , but yeah , for the past couple years , this subreddit has shared many articles , usually from british press , about france being on the verge of total collapse . 
  i 'm still waiting to feel a difference . 
  people complaining , and businesses complaining , have always been a constant in france . 
  but hey , i 'm sure another redditor will fill me in about how as a frenchman living in france i should feel the sky is about to fall on my head , if you catch my reference . 
  i do n't think the writer of an article today would have 19th century prejudice , nor would he put quotes on `` white '' to make a statement about 19th century prejudice . 
  this is about a 17th century slave trade , the racist concepts came later in history .
