  now everyone gets there late and we have to call eachother once we 're there to pinpoint where the others are . 
  that sounds fine , until you need to find a job , or exchange with the administration and all . . or get basic information . 
  now , it would be hard to do anything without the internet . . at least if you live in a big city . 
  ps edit : and i was old enough to be active when internet was n't widespread , and i know we did fine . 
  but now , everything passes by the internet , at least in big cities . 
  it is . 
  but it 's not pioneer in having amongst the world 's highest gdp per capita . 
  the dog poop used to be a problem . 
  now people are forced to pick it up , and they do . 
  and i live there too . 
  it 's fine . 
   is a trade union required for temp or part-time workers ? 
  nope  is there a minimum income requirement ? 
  there 's a minimum hourly wage . 
   is temporary or part-time work allowed ? 
  yes . 
   is temporary or part-time work common ? 
  very common . 
  the problem is often young workers have a hard time finding a job which does n't have a temporary limit . 
  we call those cdd ( contrats \u00e0 dur\u00e9e d\u00e9termin\u00e9e - contract with a determined duration ) . 
  they usually last 6 months , and can only be renewed once or twice i believe , so that means the employer thus either has to then employ the worker in a cdi ( contract with an undetermined duration ) , or not employ him again . 
   what are the minimum and maximum allowed work hours per week ? 
  there is no minimum , as some jobs are `` event jobs '' and so if an employer needs you to work for an hour a week , he can . 
  the maximum an employer can force you to work is 35h a week , but most people work more than that because they 're willing . 
   what are the taxes for employers and workers ? 
  very high . 
  my salary drops by a third or something on my paycheck , because there are enormous amounts of charges , for healthcare and other things . 
  employers also pay a lot in taxes for each worker . 
   do you have a national minimum wage ? 
  yup . 
  we have a national hourly minimum wage , and a national full-time job minimum wage . 
   what is the history of the labor laws ? 
  very complex :p  what is the societal opinion of the current laws ? 
  too many taxes for employees and employers , hard for students or young workers to find a cdi , hard to not be forced into unpaid or badly paid internships . 
  however , we understand employees have very strong worker rights , and some people ( the right wing mostly ) consider it hurts employment . 
   are there any upcoming law changes ? 
  minimum wage changes almost every year . 
  it goes up slightly , according to inflation . 
   what are some common job roles filled by temp and part-time workers ? 
  it can be anything , but i guess mostly reception jobs for part-time . 
   are there common illegal work schemes ? 
  not declaring your employee status i guess ( ie , you legally do n't have a job , but your employer pays you directly , under the table - avoids taxes for both parties ) . 
  but that would be for low jobs , like construction and all . 
  i was expecting something like '' [ france miniature ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/france_miniature ) '' which is some sort of outdoor amusement park in france with miniature models of french sites and typical villages , and people walk around to look at them . 
  it depends where you are . 
  the city is huge . 
  france the blue , white and red colors were used here and there since clovis to represent the kingdom of france and all , so when the revolutionaries picked colors for themselves , they picked the colors which were previously used by the royal authorities , because they were the colors associated by all with the nation . 
  ( just how an irishman will consider his nation to be green , and a dutch would consider orange ... the french could n't see any other colors but blue , white and red for theirs ) . 
  so the revolutionaries chose these colors as representing the nation and liberty . 
  and then the great painter [ jacques-louis david ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jacques-louis_david ) designed the flag . 
  i do n't know how they came up with the tricolor format however . 
  be glad you did n't get the retarded lion stabbing himself in the face flag :p, 
  people have said everything i knew so i 'll just add one thing : for some reason , france and armenia have close ties , and there 's an important armenian diaspora in france , and they integrated very well , many becoming successful , singers and other personalities . 
  yeah . 
  * fistbump * however , the usa kicks everyone 's ass by super far in terms of amount of money it gets thanks to international tourism . 
  that 's because tourists who come to the us naturally stay longer , so they spend more money ( since the us is so big , and there are only two competing country-destinations as your neighbors ... whereas tourists in france visit the big sites , and usually quickly go visit one of the numerous bordering countries which are all maximum a day 's slow drive away ) . 
  though this is for international tourism . 
  then there 's also domestic tourism , and i 'm pretty sure london is a popular destination for many british from all over the uk . 
  france is still by far the top country for tourism . 
  only france and the usa are at around 100 million visits per year . 
  those countries form the 1rst category of touristic destinations , the top one . 
  other countries are part of a lower category , because they are comparatively much less attractive for tourists . 
  the uk is an important touristic destination , but way down compared to france and the us . 
  i mean by around half . 
  yup . 
  i study tourism . 
  paris is the top city . 
  surely , these numbers do n't only account for tourism . 
  i 'm not talking about the actual , real , common , popular french food . 
  i 'm talking about the master chef extremely expensive snotty 500 euros a [ 30 gram plate food ] ( http://www.personal.psu.edu/users///s/r/srh122/french_food.jpg ) . 
  :p i think that sort of artform ( because that 's what it is ) was developed in paris mostly . 
  good point . 
  well , the election is taking some time . 
  i 'm not even sure it 's done yet . 
  france * stuff about the presidential election in mali . 
  french and american-english are both my native languages , but from what i 've heard from french people , they understand the generic american accent better than the generic english accent ( if there 's such a thing ) , probably because they 're more used to american-english because of movies and songs . 
  however , i 'd say french people prefer the english accent , and think it 's more proper . 
  i 'd say french chic cuisine ( which was probably developed as an artform in paris ) , and famous monuments , and a wet dream place to visit for girls all around the world :p, 
  it just melts in your mouth < 3, 
  well , in that case how far can we go to regionalism ? 
  a region ? 
  a territory ? 
  a town ? 
  a neighborhood ? 
  an apartment building ? 
  my next door neighbor in my building is much closer to me than the people a street down who live in the richer complexes . 
  ethnic or cultural ties are much less fuzzy than some administrative division . 
  the basque movement is obviously based on cultural , linguistic and ethnic ties . 
  in addition , their region is rather flourishing compared to the rest of spain . 
  and especially , it 's very different from sweden since spain has very autonomous regions . 
  if they were castillan-speaking spaniards , even decentralized from madrid , they would have no independence movement . 
  hence , their basic claim for independence is that they are basque , and not castillan spanish . 
  the basis of their claim is that they are a different people . 
  hence why i do n't really understand the multikulti stance , since , as i said before , it defeats the entire purpose . 
  if they want to be multikulti , well they may as well be multikulti in spain . 
  i 'd also like to add , and this is controversial , that the quebec referendum in 1995 or so which lost by some ridiculous 49 + % , was plagued by the fact that in many strongly immigrant neighborhoods of quebec , there were 0 votes cast for independence . 
  basically , i kind of want to say that it wo n't be that easy to find supporters among immigrant populations who do n't really get the fuss . 
  and i do n't blame them . 
  they came here , and do n't want their lifestyle to change because the natives have dreams of sovereignty . 
  and also , many simply do n't feel concerned .
