  in france we joke about the francophone belgians and swiss usually . 
  but if we had to joke about people inside france , i guess it would be the poorer working class , or more rural regions like nord-pas-de-calais , picardie , limousin and auvergne regions . . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  if we accept turkey and caucasus countries , it would extend the boundaries of europe further than the generally accepted boundaries of the continent . 
  i did n't suggest we should extend beyond turkey and caucasus countries . 
  just that accepting these countries would already extend the boundaries . 
  edit : i for one think turkey and caucasus countries should n't be in the eu , that the frontier between russia and caucasus countries is almost spot on at the border line of europe . 
  the rather bigger issue stopping turkey 's accession is the cyprus affair . 
  i think the eu will stay within the boundaries of europe , with only perhaps turkey , and south caucasus countries extending the boundaries a little further . 
  anyway , we are already pretty much allied with the us and canada , though new trade deals may be added ... 
  however , the us has shown increased interest for asia , and less for europe , so we 're starting to distance ourselves from eachother , and that may only be reversed if europe picks itself up from the crisis and remains the major economic powerhouse . 
  anyway , the eu perhaps would expand further only in a very distant future , once every possible european nation is in it , and it has no more expansion goals . 
  that or there would be further integration of countries in it . 
  i do n't want turkey in the eu - and they do n't meet the criteria to join , so it 's good that they have n't . 
  you 're right , we have to try to get countries to adapt and change to fit europe . 
  and that includes turkey , and it includes fyrom . 
  if they want to join so much , they will need to change their foreign policies towards their neighbors and seek a diplomatic solution . 
  integrating them before a solution is found will just create tension from within the eu . 
  well , i 'm against further integration in europe . 
  i think we should calm down until we get the crisis behind us and all . 
  so greece 's opposition to another economically insignificant country ( at best ) joining in does n't bother me . 
  and while the naming issue may be at the root of it all , there 's a pretty important distrust in the region , between greece , bulgaria and macedonia , not to mention other balkan countries , which surpass the naming thing , and we should be careful before integrating more of these south-eastern nations , less we bring a geopolitically unstable region into our union . 
  i thought the name thing was petty at first too . 
  but in recent years i 've come to change my mind about this , and i understand greece 's frustration . 
  if i were greek , i 'd probably be pissed too . 
  i 'm not saying that since i changed my mind it means that i saw the light from a previously ignorant point of view , i still get that people would find it petty , i just want to express that i 'm on greece 's side on this . 
  the problem with revoking the citizenship of someone who does n't have any other citizenship is that where would you expel him ? 
  also that would effectively make him and illegal in the entire world . 
  it 's almost too cruel . . 
  if someone has two citizenships it makes it easier . 
  he burns the country 's flag and openly hates it as an entity ? 
  fine , bye bye your rights as a citizen here , and go off to where you came from . 
  otherwise , yeah , white guilt is an irrational , almost pathological feeling . 
  but i find it 's very prominent and the main reason why only white western countries are so accommodating to foreigners when it comes to giving them citizenship and whatnot . 
  your latest point does make sense . 
  while six nations teams do sometimes play with lower league teams , it is true that in those cases the stakes are low , since they 're mostly friendly matches , whereas if ti were a european championship , the six nations teams would indeed likely utterly destroy the lower division teams . 
  and yeah , i also agree with italy  them being in the six nations does progressively improve them and that 's all for the better . 
  although i 'm french , i wish they 'd win a six nations cup , so that would boost their moral and rugby 's status in italy , not to mention that it would just be nice for them to finally triumph after so many years of hard work . 
   what if dual citizens have both parents from different eu countries . 
  that is it fair to take their citizenship away ? 
  if a dual citizen is say , french and british , and he lives in the uk , and goes around committing crimes in the uk , or suggesting seriously that france should invade the uk , or burning uk flags in britain and all ( realistically , that does n't happen , but let 's imagine ) , he should have his uk citizenship revoked , yes . 
  however , indeed , for countries in the schengen area , one would have difficulties expelling such a person , but taking the citizenship away remains a normal thing to do imo . . that person does n't deserve it . 
   also for now that is n't a concern but what should we do when the european population get too identical genetically that 's not a concern in any near future . 
  this is only a concern for populations of a few thousands living in remote villages . 
  but 500 million europeans would n't have inbreeding problems . 
  there would n't be inbreeding problems in each individual countries either , since the populations are big enough . 
   so having all these problems why do n't our governments do anything about it ? 
  it 's a mixture of white guilt , rich white leaders living in a dream world , and wanting to get those precious votes from people of immigrant origin and from natives who have white guilt or live in their dream world where everything is for the better in the best of worlds , and there 's nothing to do about it . 
  anyway , i 'm from paris . 
  i 'm also a dual citizen , french and american , since my mother is american so i inherited her citizenship . 
  it 's a pity rugby is only truly developed in the 6 nations ( in europe ) - and even there , it 's not as developed as it could be - especially for italy which probably does n't have the right level to be in the championship , but it 's still good that they 're there because hopefully it sparks interest for rugby in italy and thus the next generations will get better and better . 
  larger countries like germany , poland , spain.etc . . could have a high potential in rugby if only they were interested in it more . 
  there needs to be more pro-rugby communication in these countries . 
  what could help rugby communication would be a true european championship where every european country has a chance . 
  keep the six nations ( cause that 's cool ) , but also make a european championship every 4 years like football . 
  i 'm for ceasing immigration dramatically , and systematically expelling immigrants and dual citizens who commit a crime or preach hate against their adoptive country ( the dual citizens would loose the citizenship of the european country in which they committed their crime ) . 
  there can still be some immigration , but it would be something very hard to obtain because of the criteria which would ensure successful integration ( for example , a skilled francophone quebecer should obtain a visa easily to france if he wants it - or even a skilled francophone ( christian or secular ) lebanese ) . 
  i reject multiculturalism as i believe europe , and individual european countries , are multicultural enough with each region having their things , but at least these native european cultures tend to be highly compatible with eachother . 
  it is a legitimate concern , and population replacement is irreversible , so there will be a moment when individual countries will reach a point of no return , and that to me is a catastrophic prospect . 
  there is a demographic crisis however and we need to find a way to encourage europeans to have children , notably through more clear and advantageous tax cuts for families , the development of nursing homes , advantages for women ( in salary or something ) if they have a child ( because many women understand having children affects their job opportunities ) , and effective communication ( propaganda ? ), 
  on that subject . 
  also , the development of robotics and automation ( like the japanese are doing ) should help fill out the missing labor . 
  are you saying i 'm a humanitarian without a dick , or a dick without a humanitarian , or something ? 
  yeah , well in france , the tip is automatically included in the bill , so waiters get at least minimum wage , thus tipping stays modest here . 
  in the us , some waiters get payed some 4 dollars an hour , which is why tipping is required . 
  this person edited his post after my comment , to add `` usa waiters '' ... 
  however , you 're right about the dollar sign , however that could be canada . 
  the thread has a clear title . 
  i was merely pointing out the idiocy , and this approach urges the person to be more careful next time , rather than wasting time and space . 
  i 'm being practically humanitarian here . . 
  your comment is useless and off-topic if we do n't know what country you 're from , or if your comment reflects your country or only yourself . 
  `` up to 10 % '' means it 's the max . 
  living in paris , i did hear that one is `` supposed '' to tip up to 10 % ( though sure , nobody does ) . 
  when i 'm at a restaurant here , i usually tip up to 1 euro max , whatever the price of the meal , and i feel it 's normal in paris to tip your loose change ( pennies and shit ) . 
  for those wondering : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ufmvo5lu58, 
  there 's a convention between the us and most other countries in the world for cases like yours . 
  you need to find that paper explaining the tax stuff between the usa and italy . 
  in french it 's called `` convention de non double imposition '' , which means basically `` treaty against double taxation '' , but i do n't know what it 's called in english . 
  italy has that treaty with all other schengen countries , and it basically explains what taxes you pay to which country , by determining for which country you 're the resident . 
  however , usually , if you make money in italy , you 'll be taxed in italy . 
  if a company makes a million dollars in the us , but looses a million in italy , it ca n't add up the profits , and thus pay 0 taxes . 
  it will pay the taxes on benefits in the us , and will just loose that million in italy . 
  other than the fact that moriscos do n't exist anymore , considering the muslims entered spain through invasion , unlike the jews who entered through peaceful migration , it kind of would be inconsistent to give them citizenship . 
  it 's like if the french could get automatic algerian citizenship because they were expelled after algerian independence . 
  they want the same cuts as dutch and italian farmers ? 
  even though the median wage in the baltics is much lower ? 
  yeah , my bad too . 
  sorry for being somewhat rude about it . 
  i ultimately understand your initial reaction to my comment . 
  sure ... it 's just that whenever someone speaks of antisemitism , there 's always a guy trying to be a smartass explaining how arabs are semites too and whatnot ... 
  so i was trying to preemptively avoid that ... 
  though now instead , i got a guy explaining to me how i should n't have explained it all , so it now defeats my initial cautiousness ... 
  i was obviously referring to extremist muslim countries , hence my use of the term islamist ... 
  though , obviously , this is a simply an old law which has n't been applied since the 50s or so , i find the extreme difference between the western and islamic worlds quite interesting . 
  in the west , we wanted women to wear dresses , like the nicely feminine creatures we wanted them to be . 
  in islamist countries , they want to deny women from showing their femininity . 
  different worlds , opposites . 
  france does n't forbid criticism of religions . 
  it forbids racism or appeals to violence against groups . 
  if i go around making racist remarks against arabs , or if i call for violence against mosques or the muslim community , i will be in trouble .
