  no one wants to live there , no matter how pretty the castle is . 
  how about a vacation home , you say ? 
  well , rich people will rather a comfortable villa or chalet in the mountains , than some cold , damp old castle in the middle of nowhere . 
  there are isolated castles which are desirable , when they 're in warm regions , when they 're domains with vineyards , when they 're significant landmarks , or when the owners can manage to keep them by renting rooms to vacationers . 
  but seriously , there are just so many castles everywhere , it 's hard to find people willing to invest in all of them . 
  and only a handful are historically , or architecturally important enough for the state or local authorities to declare they 're a landmark which deserves preservation . 
  and if the local authority is just a bunch of small villages , they certainly do n't have the budget to keep such an edifice , unless they 're geniuses and manage to create a successful festival , event , tourist destination out of it - the best example of such a success being the [ puy du fou ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puy_du_fou ) . 
  france is the country in the world with the most castles . 
  it 's not that nyc is too expensive for what it is , it 's that we have many castles to spare and no nobility left to live in them , 
  it surprisingly is . 
  i think it has something to do with many metalheads being geeks , so we 're overrepresented on internet forums and whatnot . 
  [ nice church !, 
  i 'm still for the us pulling out as many bases from europe as possible . 
  back in the day france asked that us troops leave the country and i 'm glad it was done . 
  i 'm also for the rest of nato countries to follow the 2 % of gdp for their military . 
  the main change i noticed is that previously people would go on about how they do n't need a military . 
  that military spending is a waste because there 's no threat . 
  since russia started pushing and threatening more lately , this sort of opinion has visibly weakened . 
  who said the creatures and `` paranormal entities '' should be villains ? 
  yeah , i mentioned minnesota and canada in the one-sentence comment you answered to . 
  i guess it was just a confirmation then . 
  gay marriages have religious blessing in denmark ? 
  can you only get legally married with religious blessing in denmark ? 
  in france , the only legal marriage is with the state . 
  then people can have religious ceremonies if they want , but those legally mean squat . 
  anyway , to answer op 's question , the `` other type '' in france was what we called the pacs ( [ wiki page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_solidarity_pact ) ) , which gave some recognition , with tax cuts and whatnot , but not all the benefits of a real marriage . 
  it was n't limited to gay couples though . 
  straight couples would use it too , those who were n't ready for full blown marriage , but in a close enough relationship to commit `` half way '' in a sense and wanting some benefits . 
  most european legendary creatures obviously stem from early mythologies , be they greek , roman , norse , celtic , and whatnot , and thus we all have fairies , nymphs , dragons , giants , ghosts , dwarfs and their derivatives . 
  anyway , in france i 'd say the most famous legendary creatures would be giants . 
  one can think of gargantua ( which spawned the word `` gargantuan '' , ie `` big '' ) , popularized by author rabelais in the 1500s from popular legends . 
  according to some scholars , these giants in popular culture come from earlier gaulish gods . 
  otherwise in northern france and belgium there are these `` procession of giants '' festivals . 
  so yeah , anyway there 's definitely some tradition of putting mostly benevolent giants in the spotlight . 
  it was an african lion in a suit of armor , vincent cassel 's pet . 
  i saw that in some documentary . 
  anyway , do n't you have some legendary giant lumberjacks ( in minnesota or something ) , as do the canadians ? 
  that should count . 
  some turks are obsessed with the ottoman empire as if it was the greatest thing ever , and then they turn around and criticize european imperialism as if the ottoman empire was n't comparable when it was strong . 
  by the time of the crimean war ( the 1850s war i mean . . ) , the ottoman empire , including istanbul , was , to the surprise of the visiting brits and french , in total decay and backwardness compared to the great powers of europe . 
  had the french and brits not sided with the ottomans , the russians would probably have marched to istanbul/constantinople . 
  it 's a miracle the ottoman had lasted another half a century more . 
  considering it was far past its prime , it 's only natural that it eventually crumbled like any empire does at some point . 
  agreed . 
  in france we 're fairly blessed when it comes to cheese , as we have our own cheese , but we 're also ( more or less ) neighbors to great cheese countries , so we can get their goodness easily as well ; the netherlands , switzerland and italy . 
  paradise for cheese lovers i say . 
  melts in your mouth !, 
  there is n't really something like it in france . 
  the only area slightly comparable would perhaps be the [ vend\u00e9e department ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vend%c3%a9e ) . 
  historically , it was home to [ a royalist insurrection ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_in_the_vend%c3%a9e ) against the french revolution , with its `` catholic and royal army '' . 
  now that part of their history is still quite present in their identity , kind of like the south of the us with the civil war . 
  i think they 're also still quite religious , and it was the home turf of some more or less `` far right '' politician , until he retired recently . 
  in contrast , the departments around it are much more left leaning , as in general the west of france is left leaning . 
  however , the vend\u00e9e is certainly not backwards . 
  it 's actually the department with the most growth . 
  other areas which tend to be rather conservative politically are alsace , corsica , and some places in south-eastern france . 
  but again , they 're not backwards . 
  religion really is n't that strong anymore . 
  even in the deep countryside churches are emptying and have to be demolished or recommissioned if possible . 
  srebenica is however well within the borders of majority serb regions , so it 's an enclave of bosnian minorities ( it 's still a majority bosnian town ) and thus would still be included in any secession whether the massacre had happened or not . 
  but that 's kind of the `` problem '' for the region . 
  patchworks and enclaves and exclaves of different ethnic groups which do n't necessarily like eachother , making it difficult to draw a nice clean border of separation . 
  any secessionist state would have to guarantee the protection of the rights ( and safety ) of its minorities . 
  at `` worst '' , considering the region 's history , the border would have to be redrawn to take actual ethnic borders into account , and perhaps even ( controversially ) proceed to a population exchange if push comes to shove . 
  that 's what should have been done with kosovo , redrawn so that the overwhelmingly majority serb north stays within serbia . 
  small serb enclaves in the heart of kosovo are having a very hard time too , and that 's shameful . 
  i 'm all for it , but politically , unless france decided to clearly pick a side , it 's diplomatically not really wise to `` interfere '' in a way with other countries ' business , especially heated ones like that . 
  not that azerbaijan being pissed at france would really affect it in any significant way . 
  personally , i 'm for recognising this region as armenian . 
  she 's the mayor of a town of less than 20,000 people . 
  it 's not like she 's some important official really . 
  and i do n't think the state watches over every single twin town agreement that their 36,000 little towns want to make . 
  but i agree overall it 's kind of a blunder , but oh well , it 's not the end of the world . 
  fran\u00e7ois hollande stronk !, 
  best president in history !, 
  much popularity !, 
  much charisma !, 
  / u/dclauzel just likes to reinforce the stereotype of us french being conservative about our language , and we ca n't even deny it cause it 's right there for all to see in every one of his comments :(, 
  as commentators have said , in societies where homosexuality is less taboo , gays are more out in the open , and thus more likely to get abuse from bystanders . 
  a couple months ago i was waiting at a crowded crosswalk in paris , in the famous `` quartier latin '' , and on the other side of the street two young males were holding hands , and kissed . 
  there was a guy who from his appearance was probably homeless on my side of the street who started yelling the equivalent of `` fucking fags '' at them . 
  i did tell him something along the lines of `` let it be , what do you care ? 
  '' , but he continued and i walked on , and the gay couple walked by ignoring him . 
  but ultimately yeah , there are countries where gays may feel more protected to be out in the open , yet they will get abuse . 
  in a city like paris they must get a lot of abuse , because while most people may either not care or feel uncomfortable about it , since it 's a big city there 's always going to be some dicks who 'll want to express their disapproval for all the other bystanders to see . 
  it should n't be counted through number of pages , but rather through the total size of article space . 
  those bots create one sentence pages , it 's really pointless . 
  they 're going to try to show how big their dick is again with another ridiculously massive opening ceremony . 
  someone needs to tell her that no one cares about what her back looks like . 
  there are monarchists in france . 
  they 're mainly far right catholics . 
  the [ action fran\u00e7aise ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/action_fran%c3%a7aise ) is a historical far right catholic royalist movement , still in existence today , which is the biggest movement of its kind . 
  however , while it may have still been strong until half a century ago , now it has lost its momentum . 
  even among the far right in general , it 's quite a minority . 
  however , their militants , though only a few hundred i 'd guess , remain fairly active . 
  for the average frenchman , the idea of having a royal family again is ludicrous , if not comedic . 
  most french people view the revolution as a positive , though they do acknowledge and deplore the violence such as the terror , or the infernal columns . 
  regardless , the storming of the bastille by revolutionaries is our national holiday , and the word `` republic '' is thrown around in french politics like `` freedom '' is in the us . 
  however , cultured french people may still have admiration for the old royalty , in a historical perspective . 
  my father is a socialist ( ex communist ) writer , very cultured , and yet he has strong admiration for the great kings of france .
