  they 're leaving because the job does n't require that many soldiers anymore , so it 's good news . 
  it can be a name . . people here are just confused as to why you 're asking . 
  anyway , sofia was a name before the city existed , like alexandria or washington ( named after real people ) , and paris hilton is just from this rich snobby family that wanted to give a classy name to their brat daughter . 
  otherwise , i do n't know of any people called moscow , reykjavik , london , or tokyo for example ... 
  admittedly though , riga does sound more like a name than the previous examples . 
  why are you asking ? ... 
  maybe you would n't get these remarks about the city if you developed a bit . 
  for france , today there is n't any big stand out story really . . 
  but in general the recurrent stories we are having currently are this government politician who had a hidden account in switzerland , gay marriage , getting out of mali , and sarkozy having a trial of some sort . 
  but today is a boring news day to be honest . 
  i would have thought the royal family in spain would be somewhat appreciated considering the king had reintroduced democracy after franco 's death . . ( which was n't that long ago relatively speaking ) . 
  or am i totally wrong about that ? 
  that 's always what i heard . . 
  yup . 
  i studied archeology and have friends who worked on digs in north-eastern france , and they needed to get a training on how to properly recognize and handle ww1 explosives that they may encounter . 
  i assume the `` danger '' they 're referring to is to the sea life ... and to us if we fish it . 
  there are many good ones but i will recommend one of my faves which anyone should be able to find easily , and appreciate since it 's a modern classic : planet of the apes by pierre boulle . 
  if you 've seen the different cinematic adaptations you still know nothing of the book , since all adaptations differ a lot , and even the surprise endings are different . 
  it 's a very easy read , interesting throughout , and it 's fairly short , it can be read in a week end . 
  britain and france ( if both responsible ) need to safely remove these asap !, 
  no matter how much money it will cost , this definitely needs to be dealt with while there 's still time . 
  ^ there 's ^ still ^ plenty ^ of ^ room ^ in ^ kazakhstan ^ for ^ us ^ to ^ throw ^ away ^ our ^ nuclear ^ waste ^ :p, 
  i do n't think anyone is getting better . 
  i mean , some interventions succeed and others fail . 
  france has intervened in a similar fashion many times in africa , decades ago , and did just as well . 
  there may be more of a prudent attitude with the afghan lesson and all , but ultimately i feel most european military powers have played it that way since decolonization . 
  all these interventions in poor muslim countries have a bad rep because of the recent iraq and afghanistan disasters , but ultimately , i feel in general that most similar interventions beforehand have succeeded rather than become a total fiasco . 
  one can develop on why iraq and afghanistan failed . . 
  they do have particular histories . 
  perhaps a country like france or britain would n't have intervened in those situations if they were at it alone . 
  perhaps the us should have relied more on potential allies there , gone at it slower rather than bust in guns blazing . . etc. 
  i 'm no specialist , but i think the us ' methods may be a big part of the problem , along with choosing difficult wars . 
  ; truth is i just typed `` chances pour la france '' on google images , knowing i 'd find a sarcastic picture about it . 
  the media calls `` illegal immigrants '' with the term `` sans papiers '' ( = `` without papers '' ) . 
  they stopped calling them `` clandestins '' a long time ago . 
  anyway , in french media , immigrants are praised like they 're saving the country from being boring or something ... diversity is so nice you see , cause apparently the huge native cultural diversity in every french region was n't enough . 
  so immigrants are referred to as `` chances pour la france '' , which obviously encourages people [ to deride that expression ] ( http://francaisdefrance.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/medium_racailles_mars2006_cpf.jpg ) . 
  for sure , france is n't as `` fun '' as the us , and i 'm not being sarcastic . 
  the us has a totally different feel . 
  i 'm not sure you 'll find the same kind of atmosphere anywhere in europe . 
  you may perhaps find some countries with more of a `` fiesta '' attitude , perhaps barcelona for example , but you wo n't find anything close to the us sense of fun , with monster sized coca cola , and chanting baseball matches , and girl scout cookies , and whatnot . 
  again , i 'm not being sarcastic , but america is , in general , much more `` fun '' and easy going than europe , and that 's what i 've always loved about the us . 
  wow , another thread about how parisians are so not nicey nicey with the billionth foreigner they 've seen in the last month . 
  who wants to place a bet on when we get the next thread about the parisian meanies ? 
  yes , i am parisian , and a big meany frenchy . 
  more seriously though , as a french american , yeah , the french are n't all `` warm '' and shit like americans are . 
  it 's not rudeness , or snobby ... 
  it 's just that it 's not in french culture . 
  the french , when they live in the us or canada , are just as shocked at the cultural difference , when americans are super-nice to them they falsely believe they made a friend , when in fact the american is like that with everyone , and ultimately does n't give a shit . 
  americans think the french are rude and whatnot , the french think americans do n't understand friendship . 
  in reality , it 's basically a huge misunderstanding :d, 
  i can of course think of many other english-speaking authors . 
  i 'm a dual french and american citizen , my american mother is an english teacher , my french father an french teacher , so it 's not like i 'm pulling shit out of my ass . 
  vercors , in his book , mentioned this as part of a conversation , when the german officer in the book was praising french literature . 
  i thought it was an interesting argument , that i had never thought of , which is why i remember it . 
  the character also states how it 's the same for germany when it comes to composers ... germany has too many great ones to name just one . 
  i realize the fallacy , and should have mentioned that obviously i know it 's blunt , but overall , i do believe french literature is much more rich . 
  where the anglo-saxons surpassed the french it 's in very recent literature , especially when it comes to 20th century science fiction from the uk and the us , or thrillers of sorts . 
  but otherwise , in literature in general , i do believe france has had a much stronger influence , though to be fair that is probably due to the fact the english language only clearly surpassed french in importance relatively recently . 
  the emphasis on the importance of language and literature in france , as part of the french cultural requirements , is still so strong that we have all these acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise types of organizations ... 
  this does n't mean french literature is better of course , just saying that the strong literature lead to it being culturally extremely important in france , something i do n't see so much in us and uk daily culture . 
  why learn french in different reasons : cultural reason : france perhaps has one of the richest literary bodies in the world , from the early medieval * chanson de geste * , to today , including the romantic and classic authors . 
  french influence in world literature is simply phenomenal , and one needs to read these works in their original language , how they were intended . 
  like vercors wrote in his resistance book * le silence de la mer * , if one needed to pick the best english writer it 's easy ; shakespeare . 
  the best spanish author ? 
  easy : cervantes . 
  the best german ? 
  the best french ? 
  hugo ? 
  balzac ? 
  corneille ? 
  la fontaine ? . . etc. . 
  just too many to chose from . 
  historical reasons : often and for a long while , french was the lingua franca . 
  there are many historical documents , and still today , institutions , in french , due to the language 's past importance . 
  linguistic reasons : french has influenced many other languages , like russian , but first and foremost english . 
  a huge amount of english words come from french . 
  apparently , french is a pretty language ( i do n't really know - what i do know is that it 's hard use - which is why french writers are so good , because they managed ) . 
  wrong . 
  that 's a common misconception . 
  we spent more in developing our colonies than we `` gained '' . 
  for example , we bought bananas from algeria at a higher price than we could have bought bananas from brazil , and that was solely to develop our colonies . 
  the colonial empire was all about prestige and ideology , our politicians had long realized the colonies were financial burdens , and there are many 19th and 20th century government documents witnessing to this . 
  where we gained from having colonies is global presence and prestige , and large manpower to fall on in case of war . 
  wealth , however , was lost on them . 
  usually asians who were colonized by the french do n't bust our balls with it . 
  those who tend to are africans ( north and subsaharan , either way ) . 
  it 's always easy to blame others for one 's failures . 
  to me the greatest effect france had in destabilizing these countries was how the borders were arranged after decolonization . 
  otherwise , i do n't think france is to blame in `` stealing their wealth '' ( it did n't - au contraire . . ) or something . 
  anyway , to answer ops question : north africa : vacation spot , cheap and sunny , where lots of our immigrants come from , more or less unstable sub-saharan african colonies : very diverse , we mostly know senegal and ivory coast . 
  very poor but nice people . 
  indochina : we have little links to them now . 
  other north american colonies : we do n't really know/care , except a little for louisiana - more of a curiosity ( that some still speak a sort of french ) than anything else . 
  well , it was making the news a year ago or so about killings and all . . 
  i have n't heard any more on this since so i assumed the killings were pretty much over . 
  a couple years back bikers and immigrants were having gang wars in copenhagen . 
  i do n't think that happens a lot in reykjavik . 
  it 's not ethnic cleansing per se , but deporting those who were illegally brought in by a foreign invasion ( not to mention ethnic turks who lived in cyprus before turkish invasion would stay ) . 
  turkey 's act of colonizing was more like ethnic cleansing .
