  the main problem i have with christianity ( apart from the detestable old testament ) is the notion of hell , which is totally psycho , ridiculous and fucked up . 
  now here 's the main difference between christianity and islam . 
  in christianity , the example to follow is jesus , who , whether he existed or not , was reported to be a loving , compassionate , peaceful man . 
  in islam , the example to follow is muhammad , who was a warlord , extremely vengeful and cruel to his enemies or to those who `` sinned '' and disobeyed him and his teachings . 
  this is a fundamental difference in teachings . 
  we all know christians have committed crime in history in the name of their religion , but that is irrelevant . 
  what 's relevant is if their actions were in accordance to the teachings of their religion , and technically , a christian `` killing an infidel '' is in opposition of what his religion teaches , which is n't the case for islam . 
  sam harris says it best when he says `` the problem with islamic fundamentalism are the fundamentals of islam '' : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdmoxjhit0u, 
  i hate the ideology . 
  i however know a shitton of muslims , as i live in paris , and used to live in a suburb . 
  most muslims are perfectly decent human beings , and i get along well with them . 
  it does n't stop me from knowing that i detest islamic ideology and easily blame its message , and cultural importance , for the actions of some of its followers . 
  the comments criticize islam and multiculturalism . 
  that 's technically not racist , considering islam is n't a race , and culture is n't defined by race . 
  til islam is a race . 
  til culture is a racial term . 
  i do n't think you realize that `` half '' is n't a good number . 
  maybe i can rephrase the title for you : `` half of immigrants ' children do n't feel at home in spain '' . 
  england : ridley scott , richard dawkins , shakespeare . 
  scotland : sean connery , gerard butler , william wallace wales : uh ... northern ireland : bobby sands ... edit : is n't catherine zeta jones from wales ? 
  gerard depardieu as a russian :d well played . 
  being half-half does n't make one of the halves less true . 
  whether he was half american or not , he was still british . 
  like my examples of marie curie and chopin . 
  they were still polish , even though they were also french . 
  i do n't know which word the acad\u00e9mie invented , but yeah , the `` accepted '' terms can be `` courriel '' ( i 'm guessing this is the acad\u00e9mie 's word ) or `` m\u00e9l '' . 
  i find `` m\u00e9l '' stupider than `` courriel '' to be honest . 
  though it 's an adaptation in french pronunciation of `` mail '' , one may as well keep the english spelling . 
  `` m\u00e9l '' looks weird . 
  not to mention , considering the combination of vowels `` ai '' produces the '' \u00e8 '' sound , the english spelling , `` mail '' is already pretty accurate for the french pronunciation . 
  edit : according to wiktionary , m\u00e9l and courriel are both accepted by the acad\u00e9mie http://fr.wiktionary.org/wiki/m%c3%a9l, 
  uk : nelson , churchill , queen elizabeth . 
  spain : cortes , cervantes , franco ( may have been born in morocco , i do n't know , but was spanish ) . 
  italy : garibaldi ( ok , italy did n't exist when he was born ) , mussolini , berlusconi . 
  russia : tolstoy , dostoevsky , lenin ( not sure where born , but was russian ) poland : josef poniatowski , marie curie , chopin ( yeah , i 'm cheating for the last two , famous polish-french people . . actually , even the first is a famous `` french '' figure ) . . and i 'm done for now . 
  the thing about measuring penis length is the logistics . 
  from where does one start measuring ? 
  you can add a few centimeters depending on your starting point ( from the top , or under - which is basically between the balls ... or press into your stomach a little to really get down there ? ... etc. ) . 
  i know this map is self reported , but i 've seen a show on tv explaining how doctors measure penises ( twas graphic ) , and they grab the head of the flacid penis , and stretch it ( the penis ) as far as possible , and then grossly measure from the top . 
  maybe that length is the same as the erect penis , i would n't know ( i did n't try pulling my flacid penis , thank you ) . 
  i do n't think `` informatique '' is a silly word , and everyone uses it in france as the normal word for everything related to computers . 
  just like `` logiciel '' for `` software '' . 
  many invented french words for modern anglo-saxon inventions actually caught on pretty well . 
  the word for `` email '' that you were thinking of is `` courriel '' . 
  sure , most do n't use it , but we all know about it . 
  anyway , i 'm all for courses in english , and it 's obviously not a threat to the french language which is n't about to die . 
  the most important is for french people to actually have a descent level in english . 
  hehe , i hate it when french people try too hard to have an american accent . 
  but i also hate it when they make no effort at all to speak properly . 
  to answer your edit , while french people often do say `` american '' to refer to american english , we do tend to call the actual english language in general `` english '' . 
  we take `` english classes '' , we learn `` english '' . 
  but in casual conversation , when an american is speaking we do sometimes say `` he 's speaking american '' . 
  edit : otherwise , in france , we get much more american media than british media or others . 
  it does n't mean british media is totally overshadowed , just that the us has a massive movie and music industry which hits france more than britain 's . 
  however , most english teachers in french schools are either french or british . 
  not so much american . 
  at least in my experience . 
  the guy who killed himself was close to the `` pagan '' far right . 
  he was n't christian . 
  according to the messages he left in his blog and elsewhere , he was fascinated by the samurai culture ( he was writing a book about it , as he was a great and respected historian , even by historians who were n't of his political leanings ) , and apparently he wanted to go out like a samurai , like japanese writer mishima who killed himself in the 70s in a act of protest against what he perceived as the decadence of society . 
  venner ( which is his name ) was protesting against gay marriage , the socialist government and islamisation . 
  that guy was n't a nobody , and one may think what he wants about his political engagements ( notably in the oas ) , the guy had balls , and brains ( though now they 're probably spread all over the notre dame floor :p ), 
  damn , i do n't remember showing any form of id when going to england , be it by eurostar or by boat . 
  but then again , it 's exactly the kind of thing i 'd forget about . 
  welcome to the club , sweden ( i know it 's been a while ) . 
  i 'm guessing you 're doing like the rest of us , pouring money into these `` youths ' '' neighborhoods , until they burn and destroy the newly built infrastructure . 
  then you can pour some more money again , and just accept it when they , and their multiculti defenders , complain that you do n't give them enough money . 
  northern kosovo is not kosovo . 
  i 'd emphasize on : - more money for scientific research ( not sociology , but rather things like robotics , engineering , space flight , medicine , and even archeology in europe ... ) - more money for education ( better school and university infrastructure and means , student housing ... ), 
  ridiculous assumption . 
  in reality , the french judicial system is highly criticized for its leniency . 
  hoodlums who have been caught multiple times often get out of it without being convicted to jail time . 
  chances are , muslims would be even more numerous in prisons if petty crime and delinquency was followed by actual jail sentences . 
  but in the end , it 's only the more serious crimes which get you a sentence , and often pretty small . 
  i agree and all , but the difficulty here may be that many of these muslims do n't have another nationality . 
  if they were dual citizens , it would be easy to strip them from the french citizenship and deport them . 
  if they were foreigners , easy to deport . 
  however , if they only have french citizenship , there 's nothing much that can be done . 
   what suburb ? 
  mantes-la-jolie . 
  for the rest , i guess we can agree to disagree . 
  there 's really no point in going on . 
  i 'd just be repeating what i already said . 
  i 'll ignore the most ridiculous statements you 've made . 
   `` germany '' did not exist as a state until the 19th century . 
  i know . . 
  so what ? 
  that 's not the point , is it ? 
  you people always focus on this . 
  the culture , background , has existed for millenia . 
  germany as a country is an administrative result . 
  just like that piece of paper called id paper is simply a piece of paper that is thrown out to everyone like some pez dispenser . 
  it ultimately does n't mean shit . 
   it would be something but it certainly would n't be the germany we know and love today . 
  thank you . 
  that 's all this was about . 
  germany would not be `` nothing '' . 
  but obviously , as a self-hating watchdog you just could n't let the obvious go . 
  and sorry , but i 'm fairly sure that most of the world , when they visit germany , they do n't go to see the turkish neighborhood . 
  you may love it .
