  there 's regional diversity , like in countries like belgium , france , spain , the uk notably , which have regions within the same country , which have strong differences . 
  or the eu as a whole , which unites very diverse countries . 
  then there 's local diversity , or actual multiculturalism , which rather refers to the presence of different nationalities , ethnicities , immigrants and nationals living together for better or worse . 
  there 's a huge difference between both of those . 
  in india , it 's regional differences , apart from the big cities which naturally attract indians from all over . 
  ( also , india has had some problems between different communities , actually killing eachother in massive numbers during riots , in a very close past ) . 
  well the isbn is still also the bar code of the books , no ? 
  but anyway , forget books , i 'm especially wondering about the add which circled the `` 460 '' on the bar code ? 
  it means it 's russian ? 
  i 'm guessing it is , but i 'd like to know , if anyone does , if `` 4 60 '' means russia no matter where you buy a product ? 
  would a product of russian origin have `` 4 60 '' in france ? 
  because naturally , no product in france has cyrillic , so any potential russian product would be repackaged for the french market specifically , and i wonder if that would thus change the barcode . 
  looking at the products i have at home , it seems all my french books have `` 978 '' , but my food products , including those i 'm pretty sure are totally french , have very different first numbers on the barcodes . 
  edit : oh , many of my english books start with `` 978 '' as well ... so yeah , what do these numbers mean ? 
  yeah , for sure . 
  for swedish , maybe you should get your hands on the `` millennium '' book and film series , and also the `` real humans '' tv series , which i heard is great . 
  they 're all pretty mainstream now . 
  perhaps you 've read/seen them already , but sometimes , reading/watching something over and over helps to learn . 
  when i was a kid , i naturally re-watched , over and over , the same english-language films i loved , and i think that helped a lot . 
  i know some eu countries depend heavily on russian gas , but come on , the eu economy is like , 8 times that of russia 's . 
  the eu has at least 3 countries who alone have a higher gdp than russia , and a richer consumer market , and who export products which do n't depend entirely on russian consumers . 
  if we had any balls , were n't such a soft power , and were a little more united , russia would be begging that we do n't pistol whip their economy on a whim . 
  then again , that 's kind of what quasi-dictatorships are about . 
  russia does n't give a shit about the harm it could potentially do to the comfort and lives of its citizens by going on an `` economic war '' against the massive eu economy which russia depends much more on than the reverse . 
  with cable tv , which now often comes with your basic internet connection , ca n't you get some foreign language channels ? 
  i know with my internet in france i not only get some american and british channels , i get some italian , arabic , spanish ( etc. . ) stuff here and there too . 
  also , surely in the uk there are foreign language newspapers quite available . 
  but of course , i agree it 's much harder for a native english speaker who lives in an english-speaking country to get exposure to foreign languages . 
  but not harder than say , a french guy trying to learn german . 
  he gets as much german in his daily life as and english person does . 
  so english is readily available for everyone , but for other languages , we all have the same exposure difficulties , so it 's no excuse !, 
  look at his username and the edit . 
  he obviously thinks he 's smart with his `` experiment '' on seeing how reddit reacts to the dumb shit he posts . 
  are we invading russia with 10 million men now ? 
  :p kidding , but yeah , sure , but we 'd still hardly need that many men , especially some inexperienced reserves . 
  and anyway , all i was saying before is that there 's no way all european countries would agree to participate in anything against russia , especially those with a comparatively small and inexperienced force . 
  that 's interesting and all , but there comes a point in modern warfare where it 's not really about the number of men you can mobilize . 
  we 're not in ww1 times anymore . 
  there are plenty of important reasons for european countries to react to russian aggression towards ukraine . 
  it 's not at all `` not our problem '' . 
  we live in a globalized world , and ukraine is our back yard . 
  we 're fully affected by what russia is doing with ukraine . 
  it would more be on the grounds of which countries are willing to deploy their national forces , if they even have any worth deploying ( so that makes very few european countries ) . 
  there 's no way european countries can agree to deploy one of those inexperienced `` battlegroups '' . 
  well , any word can be used in an uncomplimentary way . 
  when conservative americans say `` what are you ? 
  * french * ? '', 
  in a snarling manner , the word `` french '' is used in an uncomplimentary way , but the word itself is n't uncomplimentary ( unless you want to make that joke . . ) . 
  as i said , `` anglo-saxon '' is commonly used in intellectual papers and discourse . 
  i go to a business school where `` the anglo-saxon way '' is actually quite often used in a complimentary fashion , complimenting the way the us and uk do business . 
  so i tell you `` anglo saxon '' in of itself is in no way a smear or whatever . 
  if people use it as a smear , it 's not with the word that they convey the insult , it 's with the context and tone with which they use the word that we understand that it 's an insult . 
  it 's not at all used in an uncomplimentary way in france . 
  it 's not at all an ethnic reference . 
  it 's about the english-speaking , western countries which often have similar institutions ( and in part , similar cultures ) , so they are bunched up together . 
  like common law for example . 
  the term `` anglo-saxon countries '' is actually commonly used in academic circles , or in an intellectual manner , the same way one would use `` western world '' as a big grouping of similarly-driven countries ( - `` but australia is n't in the west '' you would say , . . but it 's still considered a western country ) . 
  the last sentence you wrote is basically what i was going to answer . 
  france has always had a high unemployment rate , and has survived it rather well . 
  when people say that their country is in a bad shape because they have a mere 10 % unemployment , i 'm so used to france 's numbers that i tend to think `` wait , is n't that good ? '', 
  the french media , sure . 
  in france the common , national , casual conversation is to say how much we 're fucked and have no opportunity and future . 
  here i was just talking about anglo saxon media , which specializes in saying `` france will be greece in a month '' since 2008-ish . 
  i just do n't have a sister or a close female cousin , so i do n't know about that . 
  but it would n't shock me if people did it , so i guess that 's the french opinion on that . 
  when i said sleeping in the same bed as a relative would be strange , i was thinking of my family , so that would mean with my parents or aunts . . 
  it would be ok if we had to , but it would be a drag . 
  with people approximately my age ( siblings or cousins ) it would be fine . 
  medias , especially anglo-saxon , have been saying that france is on the verge of economic collapse since 2008 . 
  the economy of france is n't doing super well , but it 's holding up and has rather seen growth lately , for the first time since the beginning of the crisis . 
  police , or army ? 
  but yeah , it 's quite common to see army men with their rifles walking around touristic areas in france . 
  [ eiffel tower ] ( http://www.francetvinfo.fr/image/74vvjvonj-987e/658/370/2128702.jpg ) [ train station ] ( http://asset.rue89.com/files/imagecache/asset_wizard_width/files/emmanuellebonneau/2502_militaire_gare_montaprnasse_inside.jpg ), 
  i get that . 
  i just think policemen target people that look suspicious to them , according to their experience . 
  they likely do n't think to purposely target blacks more for the sake of annoying them because they 're racist . 
  they may be subconsciously racist , or biased because of their experience , and will be more suspicious of blacks . 
  the following will be controversial ; it 's sad , but there 's nothing we can really do about it directly . 
  we ca n't pressure cops to stop searching the people they find suspicious , or the cops might miss important criminal activity , and wo n't do their job right . 
  blacks will gradually and naturally stop being searched more when their crime rates will be the same as whites or asians . 
  that 's how we stop `` racist '' searching , and it will rather work through better education and aids for poorer neighborhoods , instead of stopping cops from doing their jobs and using their professionally-acquired suspicions and instinct . 
  yeppers . 
  i do think the police should have the power to do so . 
  i do understand , however , that there should be accountability for abuse , somehow . 
  notably for privacy reasons , and also because of racial discrimination ( it 's constantly in debate here , that arabs and blacks get searched more - however i think a lot of it is due to the fact that in policemen 's experiences , people dressed like they are , youth gangs , are more likely to be a problem ... 
  i 'm blond and blue eyed , but i was a metalhead with long hair and trashy clothes , hung out with skinheads and whatnot , and i 'd get frisked as well and i totally understood why ... ), 
  i 've shared beds with friends plenty of times . 
  if it 's a male friend ( i 'm a guy too ) , we 'd try to avoid touching ... 
  but with female friends ( actual close friends ) , or female prospects , she 'd likely sleep in my arms ( it 's kind of weird to say it this way . . but yeah that has happened - a couple times with 2 female friends ) . 
  with a relative , however , it would be strange . 
  i 'd be willing to sleep in the same bed as my brother , and it would be like with a male friend . 
  maybe it 's those [ brazilian confederates ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confederados ) , 
  i 'm also half american , half french ... and i do speak english with an american accent . . so if that 's really the case , its kind of ironic :p, 
  it 's nothing against americans though . 
  i mean , if american parents gave their child a french name , it would be generally considered very snobbish , and i get it . 
  that 's what people in san francisco would do :d . similarly , in france , people who give their children clich\u00e9 `` american '' - sounding names just pass off as either tasteless , working class , or white trash . 
  well , guy verhofstadt seems to be the only one with a semblance of a backbone when it comes to the russia/ukraine situation ... 
  i did n't really know these candidates well ( they 're all continental germanics btw - i just find this interesting to note ) , but i think eu foreign policy is everything . 
  a stronger eu on the international level can have a voice against other powers , and there would be positive repercussions on the local level . 
  so for now , among the `` big '' candidates , considering guy seems to be the only one there with a strong opinion against the eu being a bunch of pussies , i got ta say i 'm starting to root for him as president .
