  hell , maybe they could just stay in safer places like bamako or something so that the french troops could all go to the front . 
  it 's just that being the only ground troops there feels kind of lonely . 
  there 's uranium in neighboring niger . 
  here 's the fact : no one wants west africa to be unstable , including west african countries , including all european countries . 
  that 's why all countries unanimously support an intervention . 
  and regardless , these islamists controlling northern mali are the definition of bad guys . 
  actually , france has consulted nato for the past year over this . 
  they realized that nato agreed unofficially , that 's why once shit started again last friday they felt free to intervene and get nato approval later . 
  but france has been calling on organizing a counter offensive for a year , hoping nato-backed african states would do it . 
  but they had to intervene overnight when the situation went dire . 
  reports are saying that the two main french forces in mali are a division of `` regular '' french elite troops , and a division of the french foreign legion . 
  i do n't agree that it 's just because of the ffl that france can deploy troops that fast . 
  france has its own elite troops specialized in desert warfare . 
  the ffl is a bonus . 
  what the ffl does is that it allows france to go dirty , and have casualties which wo n't make a scandal in french public opinion because most ffl actions are kept secret , and because ( most of them ) are not french nationals so , without wanting to sound like an ass , the french public cares less for them ultimately . 
  how many dicks do we have to suck to get some meaningful assistance here ? 
  at least , the weak european response finally gives us a chance to turn over the surrender monkeys jokes to others :p seriously though , with all these talks of a european army and more integration , this situation sheds light to how far away we are from a place where the eu can claim to be a united force to be reckoned with . 
  the problem with the eu is that it 's not taken seriously enough , that 's why we 're called a `` soft power '' . 
  in a situation where we all unanimously agree with intervention , other eu countries , those who have the means , should logically share a little bit of the burden . 
  it 's not like other eu troops have too much experience on the field already . 
  as usual , it 's always france or the uk who spend the most in these things . 
  showing the world that we 're together would send a strong message . 
  seeing how little concrete support france is getting in this only shows the world how weak we are as a union . 
  it 's sad to say , but the eu would be respected so much more if we were one block fully committed to eachother . 
  i bet the feeling goes the opposite way for britons . 
  word . 
  the worst part of this is that mali 's neighbors are all unanimously applauding the intervention while they 're just sitting around endlessly pledging to send troops which we have yet to see . 
  france is tripling its troops because it 's the logical continuance considering the first phase was totally unexpected and there were n't enough french troops in the region in the first place - and the malian army is incapable , and the neighboring countries are taking ages to send troops to help . 
  some months ago , the `` rebels '' had taken azawad ( northern mali ) and had stopped their offensive and there was some sort of unproclaimed ceasefire for months . 
  then the rebels suddenly attacked south last friday , and that 's when france intervened . 
  the actual war is only starting . 
  i think it 's simply that the half of the country which did n't vote for hollande want to fuck his shit up and be against him , even if they do n't really care about the gay marriage issue . 
  just so you know , the current mayor of paris , who has been mayor for a while now , is also gay , and that also was a non issue ... 
  yeah , maybe we should just let radical islamists and jihadists have their own massive territory , like a taliban afghanistan , only better : in proximity with europe and neighboring friendly african states . 
  holy shit . 
  this looks like a 12 year old 's fantasy world , even though some `` predictions '' are n't so far-fetched ( but still too soon ) . 
  the malian army is incapable of defending its towns without assistance , meanwhile , neighboring african countries supporting mali are taking their time to deliver some soldiers , and the rest of the west are discussing how they can provide some logistical help here and there while all strongly supporting mali and french intervention and agreeing the situation is dire . 
  looks like we 're on our own . 
  [ `` there will be only one course of action open : total commitment '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0bklxb8r18 ), 
  i do n't know if that picture of her is hilarious or terrifying . 
  woops , my bad . 
  i guess i mistook the faroes with the shetlands here . 
  of course you 're north . 
  yes . 
  obviously i kept the national borders intact . 
  if i had n't i would have cut out the southern third of france and placed it in southern europe ( not for economic reasons , but for cultural ones ) . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  mali , a strong ally of france , begs for help against a common enemy of the west , the west delivers because it 's also in their interest . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  the reality here is that you 're ironically extremely paternalistic to these african countries . 
  they have interests themselves too you know , they do n't want to be overrun by islamists , and they figured they 'd ask for help from allies . 
  if it were n't mali but some european country , you would n't be having the same language . 
  you see these african countries as eternally victims , and pushovers , and criticize any kind of foreign involvement even though they 're the ones asking for it , and have been for an entire year . 
  we pay social security which is run by the state and covers a bigger percentage of our health care , and if we want to cover the rest of that percentage we pay a `` mutual '' which is privatized . 
  with both health care coverages , we 're reimbursed close to 100 % on everything . 
  it 's good , makes you feel safe . 
  but the social security , being government run , is administratively very poor . 
  takes months to get any kind of papers and shit . 
  the social security system is in deficit because there 's fraud and abuse ( as in people going to the doctor for a cold knowing it 's free although they could just wait it out or just spend a few euros buying medicine directly - i honestly rather buy the shit myself , than waste time getting an appointment to get free medicine which does n't cost that much anyway . 
  obviously , when the sickness is more serious , i go to the doctor 's and i 'm happy that i get otherwise very expensive medicine for free ) . 
  yeah , sure , they did . 
  but the guy was under the impression we desperately needed their help and would n't have managed without them , `` again '' referencing ww2 ( and probably ww1 , since those may be the only wars some americans are aware of ) . 
  even i would n't go to marseilles if i had cash to spend and a week end to waste time there knowing it 's only 3 hours away from paris by high speed train . 
  it 's not that bad , i mean people still manage to live there ok , but i simply have no interest in a city which is basically a huge ethnic ghetto except for some richer enclaves . 
  i almost did a map with overlapping categories myself , but i got lazy . 
  if i were doing this immediately after the cold war , there would be no central europe , and ex-soviet bloc countries would east , whereas germany , austria , switzerland ( etc ) would be west . 
  the military junta took over the democratic government when the country was in a state of emergency as azawad was taken over by the rebels . 
  they 're not keeping the power . 
  in reality , france can do the same . 
  if a state of emergency is declared , the french president can basically take over all power and be a dictator . 
  it 's in the constitution . 
  charles de gaulle did this during the algerian war , and once the emergency was over he handed the power back to the government . 
  mali is still a democracy which is simply in a state of emergency . 
  the only way to let mali become a full democracy again is to help them out . 
  if we do n't help them out , they might either collapse or stay a military dictatorship . 
  which one do you want ? 
  nevermind the malian government was begging france and the un for military assistance for the past year , eh ? 
  so true haha . 
  i remember debating with an american who 'd claim how they `` helped '' us `` again '' in libya . 
  so frustrating . 
  the pyrenees : mountains of the secret fire . 
  pretty awesome . 
  i like how cornwall , brittany and galicia all have a `` land 's end '' . 
  not to mention the american revolution was inspired by the enlightenment , effectively making the independent us the first government to embrace the enlightenment and religious freedom in its constitution . 
  seems divineking does n't know what he 's talking about , because his country was the first to remove religion in its foundation . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cheese-eating_surrender_monkeys simpsons episode , referencing ww2 , and it took prominence in anglo-saxon countries after france ironically had the balls to refuse us intervention in iraq , also ironically after france decided to intervene in afghanistan alongside the us although france had little to no interest there . . thank you very much ... 
  apparently not . 
  it has something to do with simple insurance . 
  if you think about it , you can understand the implication . 
  when their crop is shit they get reimbursed . 
  they would n't get reimbursed if they still sold what was good enough . 
  so they 'd rather sacrifice their entire crop by burning it and saying it was all shit , and get fully reimbursed , than try to salvage what can be sold and loose money for the year . 
  there is surely abuse in this system , because obviously some of the crop is surely edible - but in the end i kind of understand it , because farming is a very difficult job and does n't pay well . 
  do n't get me wrong , those burnt crops are a huge waste and it 's disgusting to see , but when we consider these individual people 's hardships , one can understand why as a last resort they 'd rather profit from the system . 
  maybe they do eat some of it , but they ca n't eat their entire crop before it gets bad , so they prefer burning it knowing they 'll be reimbursed . 
  my parents live in a farmland area in normandy and i go there quite often , and i 've seen quite a few times the neighboring farmers burning their crops . 
  it 's impressive to watch their entire farmland being progressively engulfed in flames . 
  they do this when their crops are deemed too poor to be sold with profit ; it allows them to be reimbursed and it also enriches the soil for the next season . 
  still a massive waste . 
  weird that they have an american chick presenting this .
