  i 'm actually not rude at all , and have positive exchanges with the tourists/clients i meet , i just naturally switch to english because it makes things easier as i speak english better than they speak french . 
  when i have to express important information about their stay in france , i 'd rather they actually understand everything i 'm saying . 
  people complain that french people are stuck up about foreigners speaking english . 
  you 're complaining that as a frenchman i offer to speak english to them . 
  so which one is it ? 
  whatever we do we 're rude ? 
  thing is that anglos ' attempts at french tend to be as bad if not worse than french people 's attempts at english . 
  that 's normal because i 'm assuming that anglos naturally do n't have many opportunities to practice their french . 
  i 'm bilingual and i work in tourism , and as much as i 'd like to humour english-speaking people who try to practice their french when they come here , i tend to switch to english because i do n't have that kind of patience . 
  mussels with fries and a beer is definitely in my top 5 favourite dishes . 
  no , you just accused individual people who are n't officially in the fn of being neo-nazis . 
  regardless of how close or far they are from the fn , or whether or not they 're big bad evil nazis , is not the point . 
  i was talking about vichy being composed of people from all sides , and then the early fn being composed of ex-vichy and ex-resistance , and others who were neither . 
  what you 're claiming has nothing to do with what i said . 
  you 're just continuing with the [ basic strategy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkrng_iduvi ) we all know . 
  you can call the fn a fascist or neo nazi organisation if that pleases your senses , but it does n't make fn = vichy ( which is what i was answering to ) any more true . 
  vichy was the result of a very specific historical circumstance , and other ex-vichy people have moved on to become presidents of france under the ps banner . 
  nothing you said contradicts what i did , so it 's kind of funny you even bothered to answer . 
  no one thinks of vichy as positive . 
  what the guy before is referring to is just the basic fn = nazi trope . 
  now admittedly , historically , the fn back in the day ( 60s-80s ) did have some ex-pro-vichy guys . 
  but in reality , what 's never mentioned is that it also had some nationalist ex-resistance guys . 
  le pen father himself tried to join the resistance but was rejected because too young at the time . 
  the fn was a big mess amalgamation of all kinds of nationalists from both sides and sideways . 
  nowadays , the comparison to vichy france is completely anachronistic and out of touch . 
  a completely different generation is running the party and it would make no sense to try and guess where the current generation would side if they had lived back during the occupation , as the period was very complex , and vichy itself was composed of people from the right and left , all with unique personal and professional motivations . 
  lepen scores very well with the young population . 
  it 's actually the baby-boom ( now papy boom ) generation which is the least likely to vote lepen . 
  that 's likely because they 're a generation in early retirement which is more well-off than younger generations , and because they were active in the 70s to early 00s when lepen and the fn was largely portrayed as the devil incarnate . 
  that kind of `` conditioning '' , if i may , stays with you . 
  the younger voters are less repulsed by them , because they were less exposed to decades of the fn being admittedly more extreme , and thus less exposed to the decades of media backlash against the fn . 
  they could sail shallow waters , thus down and up rivers . 
  they were light enough to be pulled up rivers with ropes , or even carried on land . 
  some could carry hundreds of men . 
  some could sail through large seas . 
  the vikings were n't afraid to sail far into sea where the coastland was n't visible , unlike many other europeans at the time . 
  scandinavian lands , with their increasing population , were looking outwards for raids and trade , and their ships offered them a clear advantage for those endeavors . 
  it 's not really about viking ships being more advanced . 
  it 's that they were very adaptable to european geography of rivers and peninsulas , and for quick raids and transport in tight corners . 
  there 's no viking age without them , and other european countries could not compete with their swiftness . 
  not to mention that the italian side of the mont blanc is the aosta valley , which is rightful french clay !, 
  uh , no one wants to take away citizenship from jews ... marine le pen 's boyfriend is of jewish origin . 
  she was talking about dual citizenship in general , and that includes israel . 
  though if i remember correctly , other eu citizenships would be exempt or something . 
  also , if being against gay marriage ( which i 'm not ) is far right , then most western governments in the world , including germany , are far right . 
  yes , it 's the only way for european countries to compete with current economic powers like the us and china , rising economic powers like india , and threats like russia . 
  what i 'd suggest is the two-speed europe . 
  keep the eu , and within the eu some countries should go federal with eachother . 
  hopefully , this proves a success and progressively other eu countries will join the internal federation , if they accept all of its rules . 
  a compromise would be different european federations within the eu . 
  a nordic federation . 
  a benelux federation ( or even an inner 6 federation if we want to be bold ) . 
  a visegrad group federation . . etc. 
  at least then there would be fewer government bodies which need to all agree to make the eu work . 
  to be honest , the fn is regularly accused of such things , and raided and whatnot , and eventually does n't get condemned for any important wrongdoing ( when it comes to finances i mean ... they 've been condemned for speech , since hate speech in it 's broad sense is condemned in france - but being condemned for that does n't contradict the fn 's principles ) . 
  there 's always a big media frenzy about accusations against them , but when they win in courts the media does n't report much on it anymore . 
  and yes , i am implying that the establishment is out to get them . 
  they 're clearly the more `` dangerous '' party for the current establishment , so it 's not very surprising . 
  also however , i 'm not implying that these current accusations are false . 
  we 'll see what the evidence shows when we get it . 
  just saying that there is some precedent for this sort of situation , so it 's better to be cautious . 
  there is no clear gradient for the transition between `` full '' and `` flawed democracy '' . 
  i mean , the index simply chooses that an average grade of 8 is the parting point between full and flawed democracy . 
  japan , at 7.99 , and the us and italy at 7.98 , frustratingly barely missed the mark . 
  uruguay at 8.17 got through , but can we really consider that uruguay is noticably more democratic than japan ? 
  at [ the end ] ( https://youtu.be/zxis8u3tpxy?t=1h14m34s ) of `` the twelve tasks of asterix '' cartoon movie , caesar retires in a peaceful life with sexy cleopatra , so it 's almost a win . 
   * tear *, 
  as a kid in the 90s , we were still reading and watching ast\u00e9rix , even though the comics and early cartoons were already decades old . 
  now they 're still making new comics ( albeit without the original writer ) , and movies . 
  so do n't worry , they 're still relevant and read by kids today . 
  [ this scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yylnvvorrtw ) in one of the cartoons always made me hungry . 
  in ast\u00e9rix comics , `` bretagne '' designates great britain . 
  not only is it more historically accurate for the period , but also ast\u00e9rix ' village is already in the french `` bretagne '' ( called `` armorique '' back then , and in the comics ) . . 
  wow , that 's a quality attempt from just a random guy online . 
  good job !, 
  alsatians , and mainly strasbourg , participated strongly in the french revolution and thus in the creation of the french republic . 
  general jean-baptiste kl\u00e9ber was a strasbourg native and a main figure of the french revolutionary wars . 
  he 's revered in strasbourg . 
  marshal michel ney was one of the main officers of the napoleonic empire , also a revered figure for alsatians . 
  suffice to say that alsatians have a strong modern attachment to the glorious days of modern france . 
  perhaps this modern historical link is stronger to them than cultural ties with germany . 
  when the german empire annexed alsace in 1871 they were surprised that alsatians did n't greet them with open arms , on the contrary . 
  whereas when france reannexed alsace in 1918 , the french army was greeted warmly . 
  then of course , alsace was reannexed by nazi germany , and no one wants to be associated with that . 
  there 's even a term which is the `` malgr\u00e9s-nous '' ( the `` despite us '' ) which designates alsatians forcefully enrolled in the german army despite not wanting to . 
  so perhaps most alsatians turned to their french side more openly after the war . 
  also , i 've noticed many europeans from countries which are historically ethnically-based nation states have a hard time understanding france . 
  france is very diverse culturally ( albeit there 's a french core culture ) , and thus an italic , celtic , germanic , or basque can easily be considered french . 
  think of it like switzerland , which is regionally diverse historically . 
  though admittedly , in france the dominant french core is much more overwhelming . 
  but ultimately , while germans may think of their nation as just composed of germans , and that that 's the way it logically should be , the french do n't see it that way for themselves . 
  funny how the paris region has top notch quality soil , but most of it is wasted because it 's all urbanized now . 
  then again , maybe that 's why the area urbanized so much historically in the first place , because its soil allowed a high population thanks to its agricultural yield . 
  i 'd say it 's because the eastern territories were pretty much ethnically cleansed of germans , so there 's nothing much left to look to , except perhaps some remnants of architecture . 
  comparatively , while alsace is largely frenchified , i imagine that some germans still feel alsatian people are ethnic germans who 've just been frenchified , but still carry in their blood their german roots . 
  and admittedly there are still villages where alsatian is somewhat spoken . 
  we say it 's german food prepared and served the french way . 
  ^ ( then again every western dish is prepared the french way since we invented modern cuisine ethics :p ), 
  that 's completely off topic from what i said . 
  what are you even answering to ?
