   it used to be i 've often wondered about these arab countries , but i guess i can ask for armenia since you mentioned `` used to be '' ... is this social norm of men holding hands or hooking their arms dying down because of the influence of western culture which would find this `` gay '' ? 
  is it just older people who do this now ? 
  also reminds me of the media debates on the `` growth of antisemitism in france '' ( and in other european countries for that matter ) . 
  yeah , sure , it 's the `` inherent antisemitism in catholic french society '' that 's fueling more antisemitism recently , just like during the dreyfus affair in the 1890s ... 
  so ingrained in traditional french society ... 
  it 's not at all related to any other socio-ethnic/religious growing population i can think of ... 
  paris . 
   i guess french equivalents to this sort of thing , from an american perspective , would be cities like reims , saint-etienne , le havre , toulon , grenoble . 
  heard of these ? 
  ( though jacksonville has a much much larger population i see ), 
  i 've heard `` jacksonville '' , and i know it 's some us city . 
  that 's all i know . 
  i do n't know the state it 's in , or anything else about it . 
  yeah , like cleveland , memphis and all these other medium cities we 've heard the name of here and there but no one cares to visit them :p, 
  in paris , on a few occasions i 've heard american tourists tell me they were somewhat `` bored '' or unimpressed by the architecture here ( they were always very young though , like 18-20 ) . 
  i guess some people just like modern shiny tall buildings and skyscrapers , and anything slightly old is uncool . 
  [ the french view of another nationality ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bvl2uvo0i8 ) is one of the rare ones which is genuinely nice and open-minded , which from my perspective is typical and stereotypically french , though funnily enough , abroad the french have the opposite reputation ( which is misguided ) where 's that link to that recent survey where among americans , germans , british ( etc. . ) the french were the least to answer positively to the question `` my culture is superior to others '' ? 
  i had saved it because it 's always useful , but i ca n't find it anymore . 
  my first post was about `` winning both world wars '' . 
  that 's what i was answering to . 
  and the russian empire did not win wwi considering it left early , so i did n't include it , the same way france did n't win ww2 , considering it technically capitulated first before reentering the game , so i did n't include it either . 
  and regardless , i was n't going to list all the fucking countries involved . 
  that you take offense is fucking ludicrous . 
  just do n't tell me what i think . 
  it 's annoying as fuck . 
  i 'm done with you . 
  i 'm not downplaying soviet contribution by mentioning that the result of the us entering the western front was that western europe was n't under communist rule . 
  that 's a pretty significant contribution and it made a major difference geopolitically . 
  it 's just a statement of fact . 
  beyond that , if you want to involve opinions , i do think it was a good thing . 
  i 'm glad americans and other western allies got to my country before the soviets did . 
  this opinion does n't take away the fact that i acknowledge the soviets surely had the most important role for allied victory . 
  because that 's true does n't mean i have to like the soviet political system . 
   i think it 's ludicrous to suggest that any state contributed quite as much as the soviet union i did n't suggest this , though . 
  there 's nothing not neutral about what i said . 
  it 's completely neutral to state the truth that the soviet union was initially allied with germany , and thus they facilitated eachother 's initial pushes at the start of the war . 
  and i 'm the first to say the soviet union is probably the main actor behind allied victory . 
  also i 'm not angry about anything . 
  just stating facts . 
  you seem overtly defensive , to the point where you see insult where there is none . 
  the reason i 'd downvote you for this comment , if i even bothered , is because your comment is completely off topic and uncalled for . 
  no one talked about the us wining the wars . 
  you seem to just want to diss americans for no reason whatsoever . 
  oh , and they did win the wars . 
  as did the british and others on the winning side . 
  i 'd agree however that i 'm sick of it when americans say they `` saved '' france in wwi , considering that 's a huge overstatement , especially since france and britain are by a longshot the main victors in that war . 
  however , when it comes to wwii , there 's this trend to downplay the us ' role . 
  sure , the soviets lost more men and killed more germans ( they also helped them in the beginning of the war ... ) , but the us ' role ca n't be downplayed , be it for supplies , military action in both theaters , on three continents , and their role after the victory to not only rebuild half of europe and east asia , but protecting the western half of europe from communism . 
  hell , it may have been selfish of course , no country would spend so much if it did n't have interests in doing so , but they still did it . 
  edit : op deleted his comment , but he was basically saying , out of the blue , that the us did n't win the world wars because they hardly participated . 
  however , the map maker does n't seem to have applied this to irish or sami , which are given very small areas though historically they were spread out more . 
  i realize that . 
  that 's kind of what i was saying in the first half of my comment ... we 'll take that burden from you . 
  that 's just how it is with the french . 
  i guess we must be special . 
  but it 's the same for the irish ( as an irishman ) and a few others . 
  if flanders can finance them , france , with its naturally much larger economy , sure can . 
  france has other relatively poorer regions . 
  we do n't bitch about them . 
  but ultimately , i was kidding . 
  how do they decide if they sing it in flemish or french in such events ? 
  also , obligatory link to that time some big belgian politician accidently sings the french national anthem instead of the belgian one : https://youtu.be/cg5x30_pyme?t=50s seriously though ... netherlands ... let 's do this ... let 's ... let 's ... end their misery . 
   as a frenchman ftfy, 
  people keep saying this here , but all i see about insulting greece are the upvoted comments like yours saying other people are insulting greece . 
  the few comments actually insulting the greeks are usually heavily downvoted . 
  youtube recognizes it as spanish , so the automatic subtitles are random spanish words making nonsense sentences :p, 
  i 'd also like to add a `` racial '' argument to that , which is thus slightly tricky to express , less i pass for a total racist . 
  there 's no equivalence between colonial africa and african migrants to europe . 
  today , africa is n't full of europeans ( descendants of colonisers and immigrants , like the americas are ) . 
  there were millions of french and europeans in algeria , but they left after algerian independence . 
  the only country with a sizable european population of colonizers is south africa , and they 're some 10 % whites and dwindling ( but lots of mixed people , granted ) . 
  so apart from south africa , no african country has been significantly ethnically changed or defaced by the import of european populations . 
  so a `` just retribution '' for european colonial possessions in africa is n't the import of permanent african residents to europe . 
  the only `` just retribution '' would be foreign aid to africa . 
  however , that sort of thing is very difficult to determine . 
  how do we do that ? 
  do we put a financial number on each life that may have been taken by the colonial power ? 
  what about the lives that were saved thanks to european medecine defeating old african deseases ? 
  also how do we count the money `` gained '' or `` stolen '' from the colony ? 
  and do we delete the money spent on the colony by european powers in infrastructure ? 
  what about the colonies ( most for france ) which cost more than they earned ? 
  do * they * owe * us * ? 
  so ultimately , i conclude that the `` retribution '' for colonising is simply recognizing fault and saying sorry . 
  otherwise , i 'd be happy to give them financial aid , not to seek forgiveness , but because the developement and stabalization of africa is in our mutual interest . 
   what kind of olive oil do you use for frying ? 
  you have to use a different one that the one you use for salads . 
  for frying we usually use a low graduation olive oil , and for raw consumption ( dressings or bread dipping ) high graduation or extra virgin . 
  you can differentiate by the color . 
  low graduation usually is lighter or yellow and extra virgin is darker and green . 
  i 'll concede defeat . 
   i actually did not know that made a huge difference . 
  i must have been using the wrong olive oil all along :p . being from northern france , a butter-centric area , i was n't made aware that there was such a difference . 
  i 'll probably give it a chance . 
  or next time i go to spain , i 'll order a steak . 
   so the real question is why should i ? 
  i mean i am from poland , my country was never a colonial empire , we did no harm to africans and we have no moral obligation to help them . 
  why should we pay for them now ? 
  i 'd just like to say that it 's not because we or anyone else had colonial possessions in africa that we 're morally bound to accept millions of african refugees for eternity . 
  they wanted out , we wanted out , and they got their independence and had the opportunity for over 50 years to build the country they liked . 
  we 're sorry for some things , they 're angry for some things , they 're thankful for some things ... etc.
