  in that neighborhood one should be able to find relatively cheap bars , because it 's very popular to go out there . 
  but it 's in the center of paris , well-placed , in demand , and more or less touristy , so there are expensive bars as well . 
  op 's original post is what i 've been saying all along whenever americans call french people rude , or something . 
  it 's not that we 're that rude or smug , it 's that we do n't talk to strangers like they 're our best friends . 
  we talk to them casual and do n't really give a shit . 
  the french have the opposite cultural misunderstanding when they go to the us and are greeted so well that they think they made friends , when actually it 's just in american culture to behave overtly friendly - and then forget about you . 
  i would n't go as far to say that americans are being `` fake '' , but it is a huge culture difference which surprises both sides . 
  anyway , not really that big of a culture shock , and i have n't traveled much but i 'd say it 's noticing how people in denmark never cross a street if the little green man is n't lit , even if it 's a couple meters wide one way street , with no cars in sight , and there are dozens of people on each side just waiting . 
  they 're so civil . 
  i was in copenhagen with friends , and we quickly caught up on it once we noticed this was the norm . 
  the bar or caf\u00e9 you went to was either a high grade bar , or in a tourist neighborhood , or in a rich neighborhood . 
  i live in paris and would never pay 8 euros for a pint . 
  i 'd pay in the 6 euros max . 
  granted , even in cheaper bars , there are brands of more expensive beer which reach higher prices . 
  i just buy the cheapest . 
  you make it seem like they did n't care about what they were protesting against . 
  while they obviously intended beforehand to confront the police and riot , they are there for their anti-gay-marriage stance , but they simply believe they 'll make a greater impact if they riot . 
  they are n't comparable to those `` youths '' who just go to any protest or demonstration to break stuff , regardless of what the demonstration is about . 
  they 're the radicals of the anti-gay marriage protests . 
  they attacked journalists ( this was for the last demonstration , last sunday , but it happened before ) because they consider journalists have mostly been partisan from the start on that issue , and had misrepresented them ( the attacks on journalists did n't come in the beginning of this issue ) . 
  the french media is largely considered left-leaning by the right . 
  here in france , it 's fairly rare to encounter practicing christians in everyday life ( comparatively speaking ) , no matter what age , but sure , especially among the young generations . 
  catholic churches in france are struggling with very low attendance , and an aging attendance . 
  many churches are finally abandoned , and usually destroyed unless they present an architectural/historical value , in which case they can be `` saved '' and may be reused as something else if there 's money for it . 
  some churches are also struggling with a lack of qualified priests , so it 's not rare to import a francophone african priest to perform sunday masses . 
  in general , most young people my age ( in their 20s ) are either atheists , or they do n't care/think about religion , or they may be more or less deists ( and perhaps call themselves christian because that 's their cultural background ) . 
  the religions on the rise in france are all `` foreign '' religions considering immigration , like islam and buddhism , but also foreign christian denominations like evangelical christianity ( which is mostly adhered by black people ) . 
  is ukip really considered `` far-right '' ? 
  that 's preposterous . 
  it 's seems more like a typically conservative liberal ( as in capitalist ) right wing party , which is also eurosceptic . 
  sure . 
  in truth though , i think the guy was more concerned about islamisation than gays . 
  otherwise , according to surveys , most french muslims voted for the socialist guy who passed the law . 
  obviously , they 're against gay marriage , and their worldview in general is n't progressive , but as minorities in a western country , they naturally vote for the left . 
  it is ironic . 
  the poorest regions in france are in the countryside , where kids there literally have nothing to do , there is no infrastructure and the state progressively closes every post office and whatnot . 
  they do n't riot . 
  there is a socio-economic reason for riots , sure , but coupled with ethnic , cultural and religious ones , and you got these riots in france , sweden and the uk . 
  france : - dude killed himself in notre dame cathedral to protest gay-marriage and islamisation . 
  - big rally against gay marriage happening sunday afternoon/night , may be last big effort to complain . 
  - patrolling soldier stabbed by some guy near paris , in an act resembling the london killing . 
  - cannes film festival . 
  actually , once the baby boom generation , which constitutes most of the white population of europe , dies , statistics will suddenly show a huge proportion of non-whites in some european countries . 
  one only needs to look at the populations of schools to understand it wo n't take long with the current situation for white demographics to approach 50 % on a national level in some north-western european countries . 
  what the medias call `` youths '' simply look for every excuse to riot . 
  it 's actually pretty simple . 
  these `` youths '' are young , adolescents , they want adventure , they want to feel relevant , and they grow up in a delinquant gang-like culture , in countries who 's justice system is n't very harsh on them ( so they feel intitled to do what they like since the consequences are minimal ) , and countries where there will always be voices defending them and providing excuses for them ( `` but the racism !, 
  the islamophobia !, 
  the poverty !, 
  the lack of infrastructure in their neighborhoods !, 
  the conditions ! '' . 
  in france , whenever there 's a popular crowd event , you can be damn sure `` youths '' will come over to ruin the party and take advantage of the crowd . 
  this happened recently when the paris football team became champion of france , it happens in technoparades , it happens for every national holidays , it happens every new years eve . 
  they just want action , and take every opportunity to riot because they love that shit . 
  they do n't give a shit about the person who died . 
  having participated in some violent protests myself , it is indeed exciting , so disgruntled `` youths '' , who place their identity in opposition to that of their adoptive country are bound to seek every opportunity to break stuff and show off to their friends at how relevant and badass they are . 
  yes , you 're entirely right , there are limitations and i 'm not claiming to have found the solution , but by `` discriminating '' it would be a way to get a more accurate view . 
  for example , we could firstly exclude immigrants from that sort of survey , because obviously , that would add too many shades of colour in some small geographical areas . 
  to go further with this sort of idea , we can privilege the dominant language ( s ) of a certain area . 
  if a group of towns has 80 % native english , 10 % bilingual english-other , and 10 % hindu , the dot will be red for english . 
  picturing all the shades of languages would be simply impossible . 
  but otherwise , for the scale of a whole country , it would give a more accurate idea of the geographical distribution of native languages . 
  obviously however , there would be greater difficulties for certain mutlicultural areas . 
  we 'd have to find the middle ground between too general and inaccurate ( like this map ) and too detailed ( like my initial suggestion which would make it incomprehensible ) . 
  i have thought of a way to do this more accurately , though it has flaws too , and that would be by using dots . 
  you , know , like those maps of population density where one dot equals to 10,000 people ? 
  now , use the dot technique with one specific color for every specified number of people who have a certain language as a mother tongue . 
  for bilingual people , use the color combination of both language colors . 
  for example , say english is red , and welsh is yellow . 
  bilinguals would be orange . 
  every dot would represent a few thousand people , thus most of wales would be red but with a slight turn to orange , since many welsh people do speak welsh gaelic . 
  the graduation would make it easier to understand the importance of a language . 
  agreed . 
  same for france . 
  for the breton language , and the `` german '' language in alsace , that brutal separation was maybe relevant at least a century ago ( and i 'm being nice ) . 
  the worst however for france is the northern tip . 
  no one actually speaks dutch there . 
  that 's a very historical `` flemish '' region of france . 
  linguistically it does n't exist anymore . 
  now if this map takes into account historical languages , then what 's stopping them from making most of france , gaul , rather a celtic language area . . etc. . 
  irl though , i 've never heard any frenchman bashing germany . 
   to be accurate , that 's exactly what it means . 
  well , i detest the islamic religion/ideology , which makes me an islamophobe , but since i live in france i know a shitton of muslims and have no preconceived hatred for a muslim believer ( that 's how he was brought up , mostly , ca n't really blame him ) . 
  so i do n't know what you call it , but it is possible to be an islamophobe and not obligatory hate muslim individuals . 
  i 'm sure that 's the case of people like dawkins , harris and whatnot . 
  to be honest though , that 's the policy of most countries . 
  it 's called `` balance of power '' . 
  it 's the basics of foreign policy . 
  yeah , i consider myself very close to what people call `` new atheism '' , considering i 'm very much in agreement with most of what the '' four horsemen '' ( dawkins , harris , dennett , hitchens ) say ( or said , considering hitchens died ) . 
  i 'm very critical of all religions , though i have a fascination for them , and find them entertaining . 
  i however love pagan religions most , for the stories - i 'm practically a specialist of norse mythology for example ( which like islam , is not a religion of peace at all , but at least it 's cool :d ) , i read everything about it , and i love other european mythologies too ( i read a lot about irish , welsh , finnish myths , and some greco-roman of course ) . 
  i read the bible and quran too just for culture 's sake , but i really had to force myself because i find them mostly extremely boring . 
  but yeah , basically , i am islamophobic , and i do n't think it 's wrong . 
  it does n't mean i hate a guy who happens to be muslim . 
  i just disagree with him believing his ideology , and i dislike his religion . 
  i also tend to dislike christian ideology when hell is involved . 
  and i find judaism ridiculous , but thankfully most people of jewish origin do n't really believe that bullshit . 
  i believe the old testament and judaism is a pile of abhorrent shit . 
  christianity , however , is a religion of peace according to the new testament and the reported lessons of jesus . 
  i do n't believe in christianity , but i admit that its message , according to the new testament , is one of peace , love , forgiveness .
