  sorry , i 'm not very well informed in eu economy , and not sure if you 're taking a stab at the eu ( which i do n't mind btw ) , but the richer eu states do transfer tax money to the poorer states , similarly to the us ( net contributors , net recipients ... ) . 
  though it 's not really much , i believe there is additional aid as well . 
  and large infrastructure projects , if shown to be viable , can also get significant eu funding . 
  or are you implying that the way the eu economy is organized favors the richer states ? 
  like say , germany pushing for austerity in other countries or that kind of thing ? 
  i was n't talking about sovereign , recognised countries ...  unless the elected government agrees to a military cooperation and it 's not an elected government . 
   it would be like russia and china bombing the us for the cops shooting at people in ferguson , or for those men shooting at students or movie goers . 
  no it would n't . 
  the us government did n't order the cop , or some psycho school shooter , to willingly shoot innocent people . 
  and its not the us government stopping the cop from being prosecuted . 
  the federal us government offers freedom of local government , and an inquiry needs to take place , like in any country governed by the rule of law . 
  what russia is doing with ukraine would be like the us attacking canada and supporting militarily quebec separatists , despite canada being in all accounts a democratic , non-criminal country . 
   you 're saying us oligarchies have the right to decide which country to bomb because of alleged crimes . 
  when did i say anyone had the right to anything ? 
  i did n't . 
  it 's not about that . 
  i said that in recent past , us targets are very different from ukraine . 
  all us targets have been deemed criminal to a large degree by international organisations . 
  and again , my point is n't about how `` criminal '' the us is . 
  whether you want it or not , whether the us is criminal inside its borders is irrelevant to my point concerning foreign policy . 
  your point is like an ad hominem . 
  i do n't want to have to repeat myself again , so hopefully my point is clearer for you now . 
  yeah . 
  russians , or their apologists , often mention iraq as illegal us interventionism . 
  claiming the us and the west thus have no say . 
  while i myself was against the invasion of iraq , the difference between what the us did with iraq , and russia 's meddling in ukraine , is that iraq was ruled by a genocidal dictator . 
  you linked to an article as if it actually answers my question , but the article talks about the bombing of people who are committing serious human rights abuses , are n't even the government of said country , a country which itself is n't democratic and committing human rights abuses itself . 
  also the fact that the us does n't bomb all criminal countries , or itself , is irrelevant . 
  this is about foreign policy , and in recent memory , for all i remember , the us has only invaded or directly bombed non-democratic , or `` criminal '' countries . 
  also , i do n't think there are many recent examples of the us arming rebels against a non-criminal democratic government either . 
  which is what russia is doing in ukraine . 
  russia has apparently lost sovereignty in eastern siberia ( `` kamtchatka '' according to risk :p ) , and in its arctic islands . 
  when 's the last time the us and nato invaded a or intervened militarily in a democratic country , against a government which was n't responsible for human rights abuses of some form ? 
  it 's not a rhetorical question . 
  lots of people say the russians are just doing the same thing as the us or nato , though i just ca n't think of any recent comparable example . 
  yay , i knew that , cause it 's the same etymology in french ( g\u00e9nial ) . 
  same etymology as the english `` genius '' btw , though it means something else . 
  i agree , pre-existing political states do n't matter . 
  you 're the one who brought up that the aosta valley `` was never france 's '' . 
  i brought it up because it 's traditionally french speaking . 
  if we 're speaking of languages , then france gets [ the traditionally occitan areas of italy ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/occitan#mediaviewer/fichier:occitania_blanck_map.png ) as well as the aosta valley . 
  so essentially , france gets more of the italian alps , not the reverse . 
  no , but it 's traditionally francophone . 
  ( it was france 's during the napoleonic wars though ... ) and the territories from your map were never italy 's . 
  italy did n't exist yet . 
  and regardless , nice was given to france in exchange for france helping italy become a country . 
  of all things it should be off limits just for that , not to mention its traditionally occitan too . 
  uh , i know . 
  and it was benedict in between . 
  still , john paul ii remains a fairly recent pope . 
  how does one remember san marino and forget the vatican ? 
  especially a pole , 
  same here . 
  since this is on good faith only anyway , ultimately it does n't change if i just say it : i can place all the countries on a map and not forget the microstates . 
  in that case you should give the aoste valley to france . 
   and whether or not these nato bases are there russia will not attack the baltics because they are part of the eu and all the other countries would be obligated to defend the member state under attack . 
  i 'm fairly sure that if russia launched a straightforward , massive and quick invasion of the baltic countries , the eu and nato would do strictly nothing except gesticulate and further economic sanctions . 
  if there are nato troops already stationed in the baltic countries however , it would seriously deter russia from trying as they 'd effectively have attacked a non-baltic army , and maybe soldiers from countries which actually have an important military force . 
  the presence of us soldiers especially would be a huge deterrence . 
  french or uk soldiers i 'm not so sure to be honest . 
  we 're number 1 !, 
  oh yeah , i got that notification . 
  i must have missed it somehow the first time :p thanks, 
  that site could n't find my location . 
  i have nothing disabled . 
  i do n't even know how i could disable my location in the first place . 
  i feel people here are missing the point . 
  the point is that the west acted with great negligence , without considering that russia might still have a cold war mentality . 
  now this russian mentality is ultimately russia 's fault . 
  if russia were n't so imperialistic , if it accepted that it lost the cold war and moved on , i 'm pretty sure it would be greeted with open arms in an alliance with the west , be it nato or even the eu . 
  how peaceful would the world be if russia had moved on to a truly democratic and free society , working for mutual benefit with its european partners ? 
  hell , russia would be a powerful decider from within the western alliance . 
  but it has n't evolved , and the west did disregard that fact . 
  it does n't make it all the west 's `` fault '' of course , but the west should have understood that russia has n't changed its confrontational mentality . 
  lol , that 's ridiculous . 
  he 's not austrian ? 
  why is he an idiot ? 
  how is he perceived in german speaking countries ? 
  surprised the article did n't even mention the garden gnome liberation front : en.wikipedia.org/wiki/garden_gnome_liberationists i 'm also surprised a political party is allowed to attach garden gnomes around a town . 
  also , if it 's not public property , but campaign material loosely attached everywhere , i 'm inclined to feel it should n't be considered theft . 
  i love the lyrics . 
  that 's mostly why i like it , though the music is fine as well . 
  to each his own , but i 'd be the first one protesting if some government decides to change the lyrics . 
  `` the vast majority - 80 percent - are from italian families , while a minority are the second generation of immigrant families . '', 
  i 'm assuming this was to make the distinction between native italian families , and those of immigrant origin already born in muslim culture . 
  now sure , there could be third generation immigrant families . 
  but ultimately , immigration in italy is comparatively recent . 
  that makes quite a lot of sense . 
  thanks for that explanation . 
  i 'm too humbled by your glorious military history to dare respond here . 
  yeah but the point is that you also have very famous high class cars . 
  france does not . 
  i 'm assuming that 's the justification for bad french mechanics . 
  or [ tchaikovsky ] ( http://youtu.be/vbxgylcnxe8?t=12m ) . 
  best song about a french defeat ever . 
  now i do n't want to pass off as a poor sport , or pompous , but the `` hell '' that the mechanics are french i do not understand . 
  now it is true that french cars do n't have a great reputation , but that 's only due to the big french car companies having a business model wherein they build middle class to cheap cars , as opposed to countries like germany , italy and the uk which have famous luxury car brands . 
  otherwise , france is fairly well appreciated in high tech circles for its high quality engineers , coming from the very competitive public prep schools and `` grandes \u00e9coles '' . 
  france has the best high speed trains in europe , and is a , if not the leading nation in developing technology for airbus and esa . 
  so i do n't really get where this is coming from .
