  thing is , we ca n't just accept everyone just because a little girl will cry if we do n't . 
  in this example , the parents managed to immigrate illegally . 
  basically , they were successful in breaking the law . 
  this does n't give them a permit to stay when they are caught . 
  otherwise , i 'll repeat something i 've already said on reddit ; i find it quite funny that the socialists in power who criticized the right wing 's treatment of the roma when they were in power , are doing to same thing now that they 're in power . 
  bizarrely , we do n't see the leftists protesting as much as when it was the right wing doing it . 
  kind of like obama with the drone strikes . 
  no democrat protest in sight . 
  yeah , no doubt . 
  that video is textbook populism , so from our perspective it 's practically comedic . 
  wow . 
  ultimately , it seems the russian authorities just really want to show that it 's over so that the ethnic riots end . 
  except in basketball or handball , the next popular team sports after football and rugby . 
  there are cycles i guess . 
  do you see now why we need the cap ? 
  got ta feed all those hungry germans . 
  they want their cabbage rolls . 
  no , cause [ aryans descend from the nordic aliens who founded atlantis ] ( http://caffeine-fueled.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/giorgio-tsoukalos.jpeg ), 
  i 'd say the rift was growing until the mid 2000s where it reached its peak , and now the movement is rather that of a `` reconciliation '' since sarkozy ( elected in 2007 ) and continuing on with hollande . 
  oh , for some reason i read `` you must have missed the part where ump ... etc. . '' , thinking you were saying that the ump was opposed to hollande 's dealings with syria . 
  anyway , there are always exceptions , like the example i gave on my original post ( mali ) ... and my sentence started with `` one may say that . . '' which implies in its construction that it 's not automatically the absolute truth . 
  it 's similar to `` one could argue that . . '' . 
  can you reexplain my argument , and yours , so i understand what you disagree with ? 
  if the current `` far right '' party of france , the fn , manages to get in power in its current form , there would be no war , as the fn is more isolationist than anything else . 
  of all things it criticizes practically every war france gets involved in ( with the exception of mali ) . 
  then again , one may say that it 's normal for an opposition party to criticize everything the government chooses to do . 
  anyway , i believe countries like austria had a far right party in power ( or at least a coalition government with a far right majority ) , and nothing happened . 
  basically , there 's far right and far right . 
  if a party like golden dawn is in power however , they 're pretty hardcore and it would end badly for sure . 
  french is n't an ethnicity ( anymore ) according to french law or whatnot . 
  but one can still casually talk about `` ethnically french people '' to differentiate them from the people who have french citizenship but are of immigrant background , or from those who are part of historic regional minorities . 
  well , i do understand that say , hungary and austria are different countries even though they have common history , and can conceive that for example an indian guy may not really believe they 're different enough to justify being two seperate countries . 
  i think they are different enough . 
  however , and it 's surely my ignorance talking , serbians and montenegrins being seperate countries does seem excessive to me , coming from a country ( france ) which has , it seems , larger regional differences ( in culture , language , quality of life ... ) than serbia and montenegro do . 
  this is actually very true . 
  there are certain advantages and aids in europe , even for illegal immigrants , which encourage people to migrate to europe illegally . 
  these aids exist for human rights purposes of course ( free medical care , regularisation , `` jus soli '' ... ) , but those do encourage people to immigrate illegally , and risk their lives doing so . 
  i believe the only way to stop this is to be harsh by immediately deporting illegal immigrants back , if possible , by any means necessary , until the word gets out that as soon as an illegal is discovered he 's sent back . 
  for a long time , central park in ny was a haven for crime and drugs . 
  you did n't want to be around there at night . 
  now the situation is much better of course . 
  but just saying , making a park in a city wo n't automatically make it a place people will want to live next to . 
  in france , i would indeed recommend lyon , or other cities like toulouse for example , where housing is relatively cheap and which are growing as more people ca n't bare the prices of huge paris , and thus move to the other big towns , which are thus developing . 
  it is surely a field that is needed everywhere , especially in technology-driven cities , like toulouse and lyon . 
  while your girlfriend having an internet job makes it that she should move to a `` poorer '' country ( ie , not western europe ) because it would make her very comfortable there with her salary , you , on the other hand , should stay in western europe , where you 'd have an average salary , but at least a salary which would allow you to buy plane tickets to travel without having to save for months on end . 
  it 's supposed to be a take on ` murica . 
  the paris region just sucks in all innovation from neighboring regions which get brain drained i guess . 
  also , the yellow areas are somewhat rural mostly . 
  as many people said , there 's no equivalent . 
  but i guess i could throw in the largest business district in europe : la d\u00e9fense , a paris suburb . 
  there were also resistance fighters among the creators of the national front . 
  just saying . 
  edit : i see i 'm being downvoted for stating the truth . 
  i guess i need to deliver some proof : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean-baptiste_biaggi https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/michel_de_camaret https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_hemmerdinger https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/gilbert_dev%c3%a8ze https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/pierre_sergent https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean_vallette_d%27osia and those are only the people famous enough to have a wikipedia page . 
  i 'm not trying to defend the fn , just trying to put things in perspective . 
  history is n't black and white , and for those who are interested in that sort of thing and can read french , i recommend the book by french-israeli historian simon epstein : `` un paradoxe fran\u00e7ais : antiracistes dans la collaboration , antis\u00e9mites dans la r\u00e9sistance '' . 
  i never had to deal with these things for a job application . 
  it 's more personal . 
  face to face . 
  you send a cv and what we call a `` lettre de motivation '' and hope you get called for an interview . 
  interviews are more about concrete stuff , your skills and all . 
  your social skills are important but assessed non officially through your comfort during the interview . 
  then you just hope they call you again to tell you you got the job . 
  however , having done interviews with anglo saxon recruiters in france , interviews with anglo saxons are much more laid back and friendly ... which can be misleading ( i always thought i got the job with the english-speaking recruiters , because the interviews were just so friendly - i never did get those jobs ) . 
  most interviews in france are very serious , almost severe , and feel like you 're passing a test . 
  i 'd say having a coating inside the croissant would be a bastardization , as i 've only ever seen plain croissants . 
  however , in my experience it 's quite usual in france to cut a croissant open and spread butter and/or jam in it ( or nutella :p ) , but perhaps that 's not originally a french practice , and was imported back to france by the influence of others . 
  in hotels in france for example , one would commonly find for breakfast a croissant , with small individual boxes of butter and jam intended to be spread in the croissant . 
  then you can dip that bad boy in coffee or chocolate milk . 
  but yeah , it probably was n't intended to be eaten that way originally . 
  i do n't really know . 
  if things like starbucks count , i guess burger king would apply for france :p, 
  croissants are extremely common in france , yes . 
  almost boringly common . 
  not sure what you mean by `` comfort food '' , but i guess [ pot-au-feu ] ( http://cache.boston.com/resize/bonzai-fba/globe_photo/2008/01/14/1200361336_4363/539w.jpg ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pot-au-feu, 
  i 'm white and all , but i used to be dressed like an obvious metalhead , with long hair , para boots , army pants and all the apparel ... and i 'd get stopped by the police regularly too . 
  the point is that when one looks suspicious , the police will do their job . 
  if mostly minorities get stopped , i 'm willing to bet most of them are dressed like your typical `` chav '' - looking hoodlum . 
  it is profiling . 
  but the police tend to recognize suspicious people with their experience in what a street criminal tends to look like ( i 'm not talking about skin color , but the general way they dress , though race is also a factor ) . 
  if the police were forced to search 80 year old women , or some blonde nurse walking her kids to school , just so they ca n't be accused of profiling , it would be a huge waste of time and they 'd never get anything done . 
  i 'm not purposefully trying to be not in favor of bosniaks . 
  it 's not my fault if half the country is mainly inhabited by non-bosniaks ... 
  i did n't deny ethnic tensions , i denied the comparison you made with the balkans . 
  it 's hard to have a conversation with you when i have to repeat myself , and constantly deny things you are putting in my mouth . 
  at first i was just proposing something , admitting i may be ignorant about the subject , and you just got butthurt and attacked me . 
  as for the sandzak bosniaks , if they 're a majority in a neighboring region of bosnia , and they want to join bosnia , bosnia should have that region . 
  i do n't recall any `` sandzak question '' but i 'll be happy to answer if you ask again . 
  i dislike islam , is what you 're trying to say . 
  i also dislike christianity . 
  i do n't see how that has anything to do with this , especially since i know that muslims in that region are fairly moderate , and i have no beef with moderates , even though i dislike the ideology as a whole . 
  i know most spanish are christian . 
  it does n't mean i dislike them . 
  i like them despite their religiousness . 
  i suggested serbia should annex serbian regions indeed . 
  because it 's simply the ( perhaps stupidly ) obvious thing . 
  similarly , croatia should get the croatian regions . . etc. . 
  it 's not bias , it 's simply redrawing the borders on ethnic lines . 
  it 's not my fault if bosnia is ethnically split , and that the ethnic regions are conveniently placed next to bosnia 's neighbors . 
  everyone agrees to criticize the former colonial powers for having randomly divided africa at decolonization disregarding ethnic realities .
