  made them look like a bunch of teenaged brats . 
  i know it 's been around since ww2 , but it `` largely boomed '' in 2005 . 
  i remember . . 
  i was there ... 
  yeah , the `` joke '' largely boomed after france was against the iraq war , and then the us media insanely pushed anti-french sentiment on its viewers , not to mention politicians , notably the `` freedom fries '' ordeal which was implemented by congress . 
  how insane the us became over that still baffles me to this day . 
  ultimately , it 's all somewhat ironic , because it took more courage to go against us will than to blindly follow it like the uk did . 
  what saddens me though , is when non-uk europeans adopt that surrender stereotype against the french . 
  considering it 's us-based rage against the french which fueled the joke - not to mention europeans should know better . 
  yeah , i always feel kind of bad for italy . 
  but then again , they 're amongst the rare countries to have a decent national rugby team . 
  they 're basically one of the least successful national teams in the small group of the best teams of the world ... if you see what i mean . 
  they 're good enough to be in the top league , but the other teams are much better . 
  but having them in the six nations will , in time , perhaps develop rugby as a sport in italy , and they 'll get progressively better . 
  i 'm just hoping for a miracle and italy beats england somehow . 
  they can be surprising sometimes . 
  they actually beat our team a couple times in the last years . 
  but anyway , when england beats italy , if france beats ireland , would n't it be a tie with 5 wins and 1 loss for england and france ? 
  and if ireland beats france , it would be a tie with 5 wins and 1 loss for ireland and england . 
  so either way , as long as you beat italy , you 're at least a co-winner ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  do they count the point difference ? 
  i do n't recall ... edit : oh , i just checked wikipedia . 
  they count the point difference . 
  so yeah , sorry england , but you need to lose or draw against italy :(, 
  not sure what you mean by `` myth '' , but if you mean stereotypes , i must say that the surrender thing is by far the most offensive ( i do n't think most people understand how offensive it is ) , and the stereotype that we do n't wash is the most ludicrous . 
  because coming from a european would be even stupider considering chances are his country was invaded by france at some point . 
  you should . 
  it 's much better than the safe-comedy shit we get in france ( foresti , gad elmaleh , jamel ... ) , except for the classics and notable exceptions ( like les inconnus , coluche , or even some groland sketches ) . 
  by that i meant they have no interest in anything going on in the world - not that they 're aligned with the us . . 
  i 've also seen on some french websites comments saying basically the same thing you saw , but the complainers are always the loudest , as you know , especially in a comment section . 
  i think most french people either do n't care ( because , as you know , people are sheep with no interest in geopolitics ) , or are for sanctions . 
  i 'm personally for , no matter the economic consequences on us or the eu as a whole ( they 'll be worse for russia anyway ) , because russia needs to understand it ca n't invade with impunity . 
  the eu already looks weak enough as it is , if we do nothing now , it just says that russia can invade the eu baltic countries and suffer no consequences either . 
  people saying we should n't sanction russia , including in this comment section , are insanely out of touch of what russia is doing , and has been doing for the last 10 years . 
  they 're very short sighted and seem to only care about the money they may lose on the short term , which will be nothing compared to a russia-induced instability which will go on if we do n't set the rules about eu not accepting bullying . 
  france : the only significant anti-eu party is the front national , which is a `` far right '' party . 
  depending on what type of election ( presidential , legislative ... ) , it will typically get between 10 to 25 % of the votes . 
  for the upcoming eu parliament elections , according to surveys it will get around 20 % . 
  i do n't think most of the fn electorate vote for it for anti-eu reasons . 
  their electorate is rather more concerned with immigration and crime and whatnot . 
  the eu is often blamed ( and , frankly , it 's not necessarily a wrong assessment ) , notably because of the loss of sovereignty for some affairs . 
  the fn is rather strong because it had/has quite charismatic leaders and speakers , france actually has a strong conservative base , people have lost faith in the mainstream parties , the mainstream parties have through the last decades fed the fn to divide their mainstream opponent , and people are fed up with immigration and unemployment . 
  the second important euroskeptic movement would come from the far left , mainly the `` front de gauche '' , which is marxist-leaning and old school ( for leftists ) because they 're somewhat sovereignist . 
  their main gripe against the eu , however , is that it 's capitalist . 
  the front de gauche typically obtains between 5 to 15 % . 
  it has a respectable score because it has a charismatic leader , has basically crushed all other far left parties , and some left wing people have grown sick of the mainstream socialist party . 
  so one might say that the euroskeptic parties , added together , can obtain between , say 30 to 40 % of the electorate , but that does n't mean up to 40 % of the french electorate is anti-eu . 
  the eu is n't hugely popular , but i do n't think more than 20 % of the french want to leave the eu . 
  probably not even close . 
  i was thinking of that exactly . 
  just recently i had 15 minutes to kill at the gare de l'est , and spent it inspecting the large commemorative plaque listing the sncf workers who died during the occupation , and the little crypt dedicated to them . 
  yeah , but that survey was done before the euromaiden events . 
  those events may have changed a lot of ethnic russian people 's minds . 
  yes , i 've had it for a while now . 
  quite annoying . 
  thanks for making a thread about it . 
  i guess we all could have done it ourselves , but we 're useless , 
  how is edf ridiculous ? 
  i find that energy is fairly cheap in france , which is attributed to nuclear power , though i do remember reading about how it 's somehow a misconception or something . 
   actually their stock exchanges are thriving what ? 
  i 've read all over the place how it fell 10 % ( which is enormous ) . 
  maybe it 's rising back up , but with such a huge fall , it 's not that hard . 
  i was n't saying it was n't russian now ... 
  i was saying that in order to minimize the damage , russia should leave . 
  staying in crimea , which is likely what they 'll surely do , shows that russia is a menace to all its neighbours . 
  putin would be winning when it comes to managing to basically taking another territory into his control , but russia will lose in image , credibility , trust , and thus economically . 
  the only way russia can now limit the damage is if they left with their tails between their legs . 
  any nuclear country , with an unreasonable leader , can basically just take another country 's region and not suffer any direct military consequences . 
  that 's why it 's called nuclear deterrence . 
  the reason why not all nuclear countries do that is because it would be devastating for their image , and because their leaders are n't insanely out of touch with reality . 
  i know france has been cracking on road safety a lot in the last decade , with speed radars , and more road safety communication . 
  has this been the case for all european countries , or can this be simply attributed to safer vehicles ? 
   though she rails at the eu as if she had never participated in it , she has been a member of the european parliament since 2004 . 
  that 's a ridiculous statement from this article . 
  she was elected in the eu parliament as an anti-eu politician . 
  that sentence is quite a stupid stab . 
  it 's kind of a shame , because to me that just discredits whatever the author has to say . 
  i think he was being sarcastic . 
  to be fair though , the article acknowledges it in the very first sentence :  even a week ago , the idea of a russian military intervention in ukraine seemed far-fetched if not totally alarmist . 
  the risks involved were just too enormous ... 
  it 's understandable that time thought that , because the russian government is indeed acting recklessly with the ukraine situation . 
   and refuse to pay off any loans to us banks good luck with not getting any loans from anyone else after that . 
  i 'm embarrassed for my country 's politicians , but that 's a ridiculous statement which does n't add anything to the debate . 
  despite poland 's unluckiness in recent history , being stuck between military superpowers , the poles have constantly been pretty badass when it comes to individual courage militarily speaking . 
  during the napoleonic wars for example , they kicked major ass . 
  they were the only true and consistent allies of france , they got to [ defeat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93austrian_war ) the austrian empire themselves , and were perhaps the only non-french in the `` grande arm\u00e9e '' who did n't massively desert during the debacle of the french invasion of russia . 
  they were there for the fighting and were glorious . 
  the same can be said for ww2 . 
  what i 'm saying is that in case of a conflict , you want the poles on your side . 
  fun = amusant in french . 
  there was no clear indication that your comment was n't a genuine criticism of agricultural budget , and british people on reddit complaining about how france get some of their own money back for farming subsidies is a constant here . 
  my point was if some eu countries do n't want an army , they can give us the money they should otherwise spend on their military and we 'll take care of their/our defense . 
  i 'd rather everyone just spends 2 % of their gdp for eu defense . 
  but they do n't . 
  some countries really insist on being pacifist . 
  in that case , fine , they have a choice . 
  either they build a respectable military force relative to their size ( ie , with 2 % of their gdp ) , or they `` delegate '' , and by that i mean they give 2 % of their gdp to an allied eu nation which is willing to offer defense . 
  this is n't unheard of . 
  i mean there are plenty of small countries which do n't have an army at all , and delegate their defense to another sovereign nation .
