  are you greek ? 
  if so , you probably do hear a lot of this , because greek media probably relays every single offensive word pronounced by a non-greek politician or media . 
  but otherwise , most non-greeks do n't really think about it , or do n't think about it this way . 
  rather we think the past greek governments have made mistakes in their spending , and the eu as a whole , or the eurozone , have made mistakes , and that the situation is a difficult one to get out of , despite the sacrifices . 
  edit : oh , btw , it was n't really about `` lazy '' jews in the 40s . . and i see you posted [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1xsko2/racist_still_holds_well_lazy_greeks_are_spending/ ) as well ( bloomberg tv is american btw ) . 
  you seem very worked up about it . 
  calm down . 
  well , if we assume that the eu with fewer athletes would simply send the best of the best , the actual medals won would likely be similar , despite the odd `` surprise '' winner . 
  i 'll just copy/paste a comment i wrote about this on another thread : the actual reason for it is that the french , for historical and cultural reasons , dislike ostensible displays of religious belief . 
  if you do n't know somebody , asking them what their religious belief is ( just like asking who they voted for ) is considered rude - as society deems religion is a very private matter . 
  historically , the catholic church got a lot of shit from the secular republican governments . 
  now however , in recent decades , as the muslim population increases , visible displays of religion are becoming more common , and that 's completely at odds with french society . 
  i do n't think france means to target muslims really , it 's just that they 're much more visible than christians and jews . 
  so yeah , if it were n't for muslims introducing `` foreign '' religious garment in considerable numbers ( which in addition , full veils are considered sexist for the french , who are thus even more shocked ) , there would n't be laws passed against public display of religious belief . 
  but no one actually thinks they 're attacking the muslim faith by doing that . 
  they rather wish the muslim faith would adapt to the general french society . 
  portugal , spain and greece are n't really what i meant with western europe ( though yes , they 're western countries ) , and i 'm fairly certain neither did op . 
  and they 're ultimately larger economies , hence they naturally get more aid . 
  but ultimately , it does n't change who is a net recipient and who is a net contributor . 
  when talking specifically about eastern europe , they 're all net recipients . 
  and i did mention that `` western eu countries are practically all net contributors '' . 
  so i did take into account that some are n't . 
   that being said i would like to remind everyone that it is woefully unfair for western europe to reap the benefits of a skilled migrant work-force and free market without being expected to help improve , develop and raise quality of life in the east . 
  i think that 's an unfair statement . 
  while western europe certainly appreciates having an open market for trade in eastern europe , it does spend a huge amount of money developing eastern europe . 
  basically , western eu countries are practically all net contributors to the eu , and eastern european countries are all net recipients . 
  one can consider it 's an investment from western europe , but technically , it 's western europe giving free money to help develop eastern europe , for mutual benefit i guess . 
   well i suppose you could point at car burnings in france ... right ? 
  well , somehow , somehow , car burning is less of a problem than begging and thieving roma ... maybe from your perspective , because you 're eastern european and thus probably only hear of news concerning this . 
  trust me though , in france , car burnings by `` youths '' are much more frequently in the news than roma . 
  however , i admit there might be a disparity in how both subjects are treated . 
  the `` roma problem '' is displayed as an ethnic/cultural one , whereas youth car burnings do n't target arabs or blacks specifically . 
  but that 's partly because youth delinquency is n't ethnically only attributed to arabs or blacks , and also because admittedly , more arabs and blacks have integrated into society than roma . 
  so people do n't want to say arabs are a problem , because they all know an arab colleague , neighbor , or grocery store owner . 
  in contrast , practically no one actually knows an integrated roma . 
  otherwise , i agree one should be stricter towards immigration and enforce assimilation . 
  is the lhc 's position on this map the actual one ? 
  it 's just that the lhc is usually said to be in switzerland , whereas here it seems most of it is in france . 
  i 'm guessing perhaps the facilities where the people do the science is in switzerland . 
  de gaulle lived a more troubled time , i 'd say , and made quite strong decisions which changed things . 
  hollande is just a mediocrity extremist . 
  i do n't think paris is remotely dangerous , though there may be a couple neighborhoods to avoid at night . 
  but i have no doubt that the city you 're talking about is less dangerous than paris . 
  i work in a hotel in paris , and i 've started to tell tourists to always be careful of pickpockets - since i 've had many tourists complaining to me about it . 
  i 've lived in paris for practically my whole life and was never a victim of pickpockets , nor even worried about it myself , but some tourists are just totally oblivious to it , and easy targets , prancing around like they own the world . 
  it 's normal behavior for a tourist , but get a grip !, 
  your happy group of obvious tourists can be spotted by gypsy kids from a mile away . 
  i would n't be surprised if some west european far-leftists back in the day wanted to live on that side . 
  i know some really imagined it was a commie paradise , especially in the early years of the cold war , before the disillusion kicked in . 
  a wall is indeed a wall . 
  but i must agree with my american friend here . 
  the berlin wall is n't really comparable in function and reason as the us-mexican border one , or the israeli-palestinian one . 
  you 'd buy capitalist groceries ? 
  traitor !, 
  if i were an official of the eu , trying to promote the eu to the general population , i 'd put an emphasis on esa 's achievements above all . 
  the problem with the eu , is that we do n't have a common national hero - so we have no symbolic figure to strengthen our unity . 
  we need to create a continental `` myth '' . 
  hey . 
  here 's a scientific project , space exploration , that we actually excel in . 
  it 's international , all eu countries ( and more ! ), 
  contribute . 
  we could use esa to give a great show and reinforce our bond . 
  because in truth , there 's nothing wrong with this type of `` propaganda '' . 
  america won the cold war , notably in part by walking on the moon , and the free world loved them for it . 
  it 's time the eu stops being so boringly non-controversial , and shows the world that it can kick ass . 
  it can show the world it 's a leader in engineering , innovation and risk taking , it will improve our attractiveness , and bond us together towards a common goal we can all feel proud of , because we 'd all have a part in it . 
  i know we 'd be 50 + years late to the party , but send some european astronauts to the moon already . 
  i 'm sure there 's more stuff to study on that rock which is right there in our back yard !, 
  instead , the chinese will be showing off doing it second although ultimately , we could have done it 20 years after the us did . 
  most importantly , land some damn astronauts on mars , and on asteroids , and show the eu population how united around big projects we can accomplish anything . 
  this is pretty basic plebeian politics , but it works , and most of all it helps the economy anyway . 
  i have american ancestors from rhode island and i managed to fuck this up :p, 
   i think the point of weakening the states is to have a federation like the united states . 
  currently , with strong countries like germany and france , there 's no chance in achieving that . 
  you do n't seem to realize how the us has largely overpowered states in terms of population , economy , political power , and cultural influence , like california , texas and new york , compared to say , ~ ~ road ~ ~ rhode island , north dakota and whatnot . 
  basically , the us works despite the inequality between states . 
  otherwise , i said i preferred unification rather than division . 
  i did n't say it was possible , and i realize the trend is rather towards division . 
  which in my opinion is a shame . 
  also , i would n't pair greece with bulgaria or romania . 
  i was rather thinking of more obvious and less disastrous unions , on ethnic and political lines , like a scandinavian union for example . 
  for romania , i 'd pair it with moldova if only it were remotely possible . 
  maybe in a distant future . 
  portugal has long been a country of emigration , unlike france . 
  even during colonial times , the french just would n't emigrate compared to other europeans , so the only area of significant french ancestry outside france is quebec ( + the huguenots , but they were forced out ) . 
  our food is just that good , we wo n't abandon it for the world :d, 
   rarely does a limit in immigration stem from a rational reason , but i suppose you are right . 
  i 'm guesstimating , totally pulling this number out of my ass , but i would n't be surprised if at least a billion people around the world ( there are 7 billion people total in the world , and i think i 'm being rather conservative in my estimate ) would immigrate to western europe alone if it was open and free to all . 
  those people would mostly be unqualified workers . 
  such an open border policy would be absolutely disastrous . 
  the point is that immigration policies are very rational , that 's why even ultra-capitalists think there should be a limit to immigration despite their love for cheap labor . 
  and even mainstream leftists think there should be a limit , despite their humanist ideals . 
  the only ones who seem to be totally oblivious to reality are the european far left . 
  and i 'll add two things to that * china has a lot of catching up to do when it comes to working with the scientific method . 
  i 'd say european , and western money in general is better spent on sciences than in china . 
  but admittedly , when it comes to sciences like engineering , china , and other countries which lack adequate scientific method like saudi arabia , are doing the science just as well as we are . 
  * the eu 's gdp is higher than china 's by quite a large margin , so ultimately , in whole numbers , the eu spends more on scientific research than china does . 
  i 'm rather for uniting countries into larger units , rather than dividing the larger ones so they can be as small as the smaller ones ... maybe for the larger-population countries like france , germany and the uk , they can be divided into 2 at most . 
  but ultimately , unless we have a totally federal europe , i do n't think it 's a good thing to weaken the power of the larger countries of europe - because in that case , the eu would just be an economic union of helplessly weak states on the international level . 
  there should be one similar design minted for the natural distribution , which is done for many other anniversaries and all , not just the expensive , rare commemorative coins in gold or silver .
