  move on , adapt to change . 
  the newspaper crisis is n't going to get any better . 
  i 'm sure that in a century , if not half a century , the idea of newspapers will seem almost archaic . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  if so many put their lives on the line to get in it 's because even as an illegal the eu is attractive , thanks to these pro-immigration groups who whine about helping migrants all the time . 
  they 're to blame . 
  the death of these people is ironically on their hands . 
  if we took away the incentives for illegal immigration , there would n't be any . 
  `` fortress europe '' my ass . 
  in france we hear this every wednesday at 12 , in memory of ww2 , so i do n't find the sound scary in any way ... 
  but do n't be worried . 
  greece is n't close from getting bombed any time soon , unless greece declares war on someone , which i doubt it would . 
  germans often mention bavaria when regional independence subjects are discussed because in the end it 's the only region of germany which comes close to what could have an independence movement . 
  they ca n't picture any better example for their country , simply because there is no good example in germany for that sort of thing , compared to other countries . 
  but ultimately , bavaria wo n't be independent in any foreseeable future . 
  i 'm not blaming iran at all for that ... wtf ? 
  oh please , be fair and read the damn article . 
  the article clearly says that there were exceptions - even though most of them involve `` democratic '' countries ( with quotes ... ) . 
  but otherwise , which war has iran fought recently , other than the one against the non-democratic state of iraq ? 
  ( which thus confirms the article , even if you consider iran democratic ) . 
  i can think of others too , which the article did n't mention . 
  like the recent russian-georgian war , or the 1918-20 armenian -- azerbaijani war . 
  but they 're still exceptions . 
  who will collect the million dollars of prize money though ? 
  the european institution ? 
  because , one million dollars is kind of nothing compared to the money the eu is handling ... 
  but otherwise , it would be a disgrace if anyone in the eu commission or parliament got the prize money . 
  as a frenchman , spain and catalonia being our southern neighbor , i probably feel more concerned than others about this ( france is the only neighbor of spain and catalonia ) - except for the spanish themselves of course . 
  i do n't really know how i feel about it . 
  i 'm all for national minorities ' rights to self determination , and i do n't think the spanish government should have the right to stop the process if the people vote for their independence . 
  but then again , it 's kind of sad for spain , losing a big chunk of their territory . 
  i guess the idea of independence is an exciting new prospect . 
  if they get independence , and catalonia is economically successful , we 'll get to learn catalan in schools :p, 
  ahaah that was awesome ... but it could have been far more offensive . 
  hey , it 's better than our former french minister 's franglish : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=julmkvvfyda, 
  actually , it was , yes . 
  human rights , animal rights , anti-racist laws , children 's rights , women 's rights , anti-slavery , religious freedom laws , social rights , equality , war regulations on chemical weapons , . . etc. . . tell me . . where do those modern concepts all come from initially ? 
  from which civilization 's philosophical views ? 
  does that stem from european enlightenment ideas ? 
  or perhaps from islamic scholarly discourse ? 
  or chinese philosophy ? 
  or mayan ideas ? 
  really , tell me . . where do those come from ? 
  i wonder . 
  french journalists and even anti-racist groups ( when they 're willing to be honest ) all agree that most acts of anti-semitism in france are caused by immigrants of muslim background . 
  i can provide links for this to you if you wish , but those links will be in french . 
  agreed . 
  this sickens me . 
  i fucking love shellfish . 
  it could be my only source of meat for a year and i 'd be happy . 
  i wish they had frozen a metric ton of their shellfish and gave it to me for a year . 
  i see you put quotes on `` inferior '' , even though i did n't use that word , no one does , and no one considers any region of france `` inferior '' . 
  basically , you chose that word , so do n't put quotes on it as if i , or someone else , said it . 
  that 's the worst kind of rhetoric technique out there . 
  and please do n't throw me your fake offense . 
  i was n't suggesting that wallonia should join france , but was merely making a point about how it 's not that big a deal that regions have differences , as long as they have common ground . 
  i merely said that , to the french , a walloon region would n't make much of a difference . 
  now , if you want my opinion , i admit that i am french of walloon origin , and would myself welcome a union since i do n't see wallonia as much different to france , than the french region of picardie is to the french region of aquitaine . 
  actually ... wallonia is closer to picardie in terms of customs and speak than picardie is to aquitaine ... if you see what i mean . 
  also , being a region of france does n't negate regional identity , just so you know ... french regions have extremely strong regional identities , to the point that neighboring regions mock eachother constantly , just like neighboring countries do - yet ultimately , when they 're abroad , or when they vote in national elections , or when they support a national team , they 're french , and it 's a beautiful thing . 
  wallonia has more ties with it 's neighboring french regions than with any place else ( except flanders of course , by obligation ) . 
  you can hate it if you like , it does n't make it less true . 
  otherwise , the surveys i 've seen on the subject say the walloon people are pretty divided on the subject , and about half would welcome a union if belgium explodes ( though i 'm of those who thinks it 's unlikely since your situation has gone on for years and nothing in that direction has been done ) . 
  http://vupar.org/2010/04/22/le-rattachisme-de-la-wallonie-a-la-france-vu-par-les-wallons-et-les-francais-en-2008/ http://www.atlantico.fr/decryptage/rattachement-wallonie-france-belgique-flandres-bruxelles-300-jours-sans-gouvernement-rwf-74454.html and i 'm not mentioning that minister of yours who mistakenly sang the * marseillaise * when asked to sing the belgian national anthem . 
  half the work is done there , man . 
  i think you got it right . 
  the eu provides the feeling of defense that the national countries , turned insignificant in size and power compared to the eu , do n't anymore . 
  although deep down i 'm all for national sovereignty for all peoples ( and europe is diverse at that !, 
  ) , i too dislike the trend and wish people would feel more united - and consider their differences as regional differences , not national . 
  i mean , some countries are more united than others and less likely to have breakups , and would thus hold even more leadership of the eu as bigger , richer , and most populous remaining countries ( like france hardly has any secession movements , except corsica and it stays moderate , or germany - i 'm french btw ) . 
  i can clearly see many countries splitting into the size of catalonias , and france and germany remaining the only `` big '' countries in western europe , even if one or two of their regions ( unlikely ) split . 
  this will create a big gap between the big countries , and the small regions surrounding them and all leaching on . 
  to a frenchman , those `` differences '' seem very minor ( i mean really ? 
  the flemish are introvert ? 
  and that 's a reason to not consider them the same people as the extrovert dutch ? ) . 
  i mean , between the north and the south of france , it 's a totally different attitude , but all agree they 're french anyway . 
  that 's why , to a frenchman , wallonia could easily be another region of france if they wanted to , since they 'd have their regional difference while still having very broadly a similar culture ( and of course , the same language ) . 
  i really do n't want to sound condescending , but i 'm guessing that as relatively small country ( netherlands ) , the concept of a country harboring slightly different regional cultures seems weird to you , since your country is small enough so that the culture from one end of the country to the other is relatively very similar . 
  but in reality , most countries have regions with significantly different cultures , but those regions found a common ground to make a country . 
  the common ground between the dutch and the flemish seems pretty clear to an outsider , much more than that of texas and vermont , or lille and marseille , or sicily and venice , or wallonia and flanders ... 
  chances are both ( netherlands and flanders ) would gain from it , since they 're both economic powerhouses ( only limited by their small size ) , their union would make their voice more important to the rest of the world . 
  preferably this way , and with a harvey keitel ` stache : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clwru8v1rmo&amp;t=1m40s, 
  i think the eu should seek the following countries : - those with a similar standard of living : median salary , minimum wage and social rights ... like france , germany , benelux countries , scandinavian countries , austria , uk ... 
  some countries which are now in the eu simply are n't at the same standards economically , and north-western european countries should wait , and help the others reach their economic standards before accepting them in the union ( there can still be a schengen treaty for free market ... ) . 
  - the people of the countries must want to join . 
  for example , there should be a referendum with 60 % minimum yes vote to join or something . 
  perhaps , the countries already in the eu should vote too , to know if they want to accept the new countries , with a minimum 50 % yes vote average for all of them . 
  this is basically for legitimacy . 
  so it does n't feel forced . 
  it must be a reciprocal agreement by the people . 
  - the boundaries of europe are the mediterranean in the south , the black sea , the caucasus mountains , the urals in the east , and iceland in the north-west . 
  russia could join if it wants to , since their civilization is european . 
  turkey should n't . 
  malta ( already a member ) is european enough , and anyway it 's insignificant so it 's not really a problem if they 're in the eu or not . 
  same for cyprus . 
  as for caucasus countries , i guess it depends on the country . 
  it remains to be debated but i think the question of them joining should n't be on the table as long as russia has n't ... 
  the black blocs call themselves black blocs , not the media whom i 've never seen misrepresent them . 
  i 'm talking of personal experience with these guys . 
  i just do n't like them .
