  otherwise , for more recent immigrants , there was this weird `` fear of the polish plummer '' deal some 5 years back which was pushed by politicians trying to capitalize on anti-immigration sentiment and unemployment . 
  i do n't think it worked at all , considering if people have anti-immigration sentiment , the poles are the least of their worries , and they 're rather focused on more `` exotic '' immigrants . 
  i 'd say the general view of poles as a people in general is pretty neutral . 
  people do n't really care that much . 
  i identify first as french . 
  i then feel a stronger connection with western europeans , since they 're close neighbours and westerners - and we 're much more similar than many people dare to admit . 
  then i do identify as european , most definitely . 
  the there 's our galactic neighbourhood , and our universe ( as opposed to parallel universes . . ) . 
  i think this should be nsfw , as the first picture i clicked got me this underboob view : http://alexdoodko.com/ukrainian-faces/_img_3914_2_2/ anyway , i like how they managed to find the only black chick in ukraine . 
  if you mean blood sausage , it 's indeed awesome . 
  and very easy to find in france so come over here some time , 
  there are a lot of indian restaurants in paris , and it 's fairly popular , though not as popular as in britain . 
  i 'd say raclette , as well as fondue , are western-alpine dishes , hence known in french-speaking switzerland and in the savoie region of france ( the latter is culturally close to the french swiss ) . 
  so both countries have a claim , being that it 's specific to a transnational region . 
  it melts in your mouth !, 
  i love a big english breakfast with baked beans , toast , fried eggs and some sausage . 
  it 's really the baked beans . 
  damn that 's good . 
  it does n't mean the 50 + % partake in it , or want it to happen . 
  it means 50 + % of the french respondents consider they have no moral judgment to make about this . 
  i 'd say it 's not `` immoral '' too , as it could be a separated but still married couple , an `` open '' couple , or none of my damn business . 
  the french still largely believe it 's a dick move , and possibly a relationship-ending move , to cheat on your loving spouse . 
  lisbon and athens are my favorites . 
  the bears in berlin and madrid are weird . 
  well , that i 'd actually agree with . 
  but it was in the us ' interest though . 
  the us entered a massive market ( europe in general ) and could thus impose the dollar standard and whatnot . 
  great movie . 
  well , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  there is total religious freedom ... within the limits of very subjective laws . 
  if france does n't have religious freedom , no country does , since every country has laws which restrict some religious practices . 
  making polygamy , smoking marijuana , stoning ( etc. . . ) , illegal , respectively impedes on the `` religious freedom '' of mormons , rastas and old timey by-the-book abrahamic religions . 
  well , i consider there is total religious freedom in france . 
  everyone is allowed to believe what they want . 
  there is no thought police . 
  and everyone is allowed to do what they want in the privacy of their homes , as long as it 's not illegal . 
  when things are illegal , it 's not about their religion , it 's about them breaking the law . 
  most countries make polygamy illegal . 
  in the us , mormons ca n't have more than one wife . 
  does anyone thus consider the us does n't have religious freedom ? 
  muslims ca n't just slaughter sheep anywhere . 
  it needs to be done in sanitary and regulated conditions . 
  most people agree those are n't infringements on religious freedoms , though others argue that they are . . france goes a step further . 
  public money should n't be used to finance religions , and that 's not an infringement on religious freedom . 
  tax exemption is not a religious freedom . 
  and i do n't think disallowing public displays of religion in publicly financed areas ( schools , city halls ... ) , or from public employees , is an infringement on religious freedom either . 
  public employees are paid by the state , they should n't display their religious belief ( unless it 's in a `` discreet '' manner ) , just how teachers in public schools should n't promote their religious and political beliefs . 
  i hate it when people say things like that , overly exaggerating the positive input of minorities . 
  it 's not against minorities , i just find it somewhat insulting to the rest of the country , insulting to reality , and it seems to be more about people patting themselves on the back ( that they 're so not racist , or if it 's the minorities saying it themselves '' we built the country '' . . ) . 
  in france , a circlejerk favourite is to say that minorities `` rebuilt france '' after ww2 , although the historical reality is that the part of africans in the workforce in the late 40s and 50s was under 1 % , and many were `` brought '' from the colonies to france not because they were desperately needed , but because the state wanted to make them french and allow wealth to be transferred to the colonies . 
  there are tons of atheists in turkey . 
  probably a majority , or a good chunk of them answered they do n't like muslims , as the latter represent the conservative part of turkey . 
  just how , perhaps american atheists might answer they have an unfavorable view of evangelists . 
  yeah , it gets really annoying how redditors ( especially americans i find ) think france specifically tries to target muslims only out of pure unaltered state islamophobia . 
  sure though , it hits islam hard now because before their large numbers we had n't had to deal with such public display of religion since at least 1905 . 
  so france did have to reiterate its la\u00efcit\u00e9 in the last decades because of islam - because many muslims have n't been beaten down like the christians have , or have n't chosen secularism like the jews have , and thus muslims display cultural and religious novelties which are shocking to french society and contrary to our secular laws . 
  i do find it largely on point to say : `` oh , by the way , i know you 're relatively new here , and you 're starting to be visibly numerous , so i 'll have you know you ca n't wear a full veil like that , you ca n't pray in public areas like that , you ca n't get your mosque financed by islamist countries ... just like the catholics '' . 
  most french muslim i 've met did n't take kindly towards jews , and a good chunk of black frenchmen as well . 
  i 'm not saying white native frenchmen ca n't hate jews . 
  i 've also met a few of those . 
  i believe however that our big population of muslims accounts for a lot of the jew-hating in france . 
  argentina did control the falklands after their invasion ... ... ... ... and the uk army threatened that control ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 
  the ukrainian op was perhaps referring to russia invading ukrainian land . 
  i made a comparison with argentina invading british land , and being pushed out again ... for some reason you want to attack my comment . 
  well , some individual eu countries pose a threat to , for example , islamist control over mali , argentinian control over the falklands ( etc. . ) . 
  well , those eu countries with an army worth a damn , and who sometimes use it . 
  that 's exactly what i was thinking . 
  countries with capable armies , interventionist history , and for some , nuclear deterrence , have much to factor in before voicing an opinion like that . 
  i believe we say `` it is the small things '' , or rather `` it 's the small things '' . 
  because `` it '' is singular , and it 's the subject , not the plural `` the small things '' . 
  also `` it '' does n't refer to `` the small things '' . 
  this sentence is an expression , so we do n't really know what `` it '' is referring to , but we can think of other examples where we would know like : - what 's the picture of ? 
  - it 's cats . 
  there `` it '' refers to the picture , singular , and is n't `` the cats '' , hence how a singular and plural can work together this way . 
  it 's a town of 13,000 according to wikipedia . 
  that 's not a lot , and it 's quite common for small towns like that in western europe to be just as green . 
  ok , that looks pretty cool . 
  france officially approves of your little castle . 
  yes , you can have unconcealed alcoholic beverages in public spaces . 
  it 's quite common for people to have wine bottles or packs of beers in parks or on the river banks and whatnot . 
  just as long as you do n't look totally intoxicated , the police wo n't care ( and even if you do look drunk , they likely wo n't care if you 're not doing anything wrong ) . 
  well , drunk teens are always frowned upon , no matter where you are . 
  but there certainly is no huge focus on them in france . 
  maybe when it comes to prevention for drunk driving - but it 's not really against teenagers who drink , it 's just that the prevention guys know that teenagers may be more likely to drive when drunk , so with their adds they try to appeal to them first and foremost . 
  but otherwise , in france , drinking at a young age is considered pretty normal . 
  `` oh they 're just young '' , it 's a part of growing up . 
  it 's not rare either for parents to offer a glass of wine to their under-aged children , on some occasions . 
  haha , i was thinking exactly the same . 
  damn , does the guy speak slowly !, 
  where am i making a point ? 
  ( i know , you thought the other french guy was me ) . 
  the british are just obsessed with us because we 're their only `` large '' neighbor . 
  i find it rather flattering . 
  i work in tourism , and british tourists are probably those who are the most like us . 
  i do n't see brits that often where i work , a youth hostel , probably because brits are rich enough to get themselves are better hotel to stay in when they visit paris . 
  but i just like seeing the occasional british tourists . 
  they are just so much like us ultimately . 
  there 's no cultural shock or difficulties . 
  it 's the same for the benelux countries and germany . 
  from my experience , they feel right at home in and around paris .
