  i guess they should be applauded for having a conscience after they 're called out on it . 
  me too , but in a comment section of an international subreddit of some american website , i do n't think it 's appropriate . 
  it 's appropriate for say , the eurovision . 
  that most countries today sing in english is a damn shame . 
  but here , honestly , is not the place imho . 
  that 's what i think each time i see his comments :p and it almost embarrasses me because it hits right in the clich\u00e9 , but i 've noticed that most people who mention it here seem to appreciate it so i guess to each their own . 
  i think the political side of it is the other way around . 
  it 's about islamists trying to silence what they consider `` islamophobes '' . 
  just like charlie hebdo ( who in reality , were not `` racists '' and whatnot ) . 
  i 'll go out on a limb here and consider the mods repeatedly deleted this info because it gives a bad image of islam so the mods are concerned that / r/europe turns into muslim bashing . 
  considering this sort of `` local news '' is a direct continuation of the charlie hebdo attacks ( attack against `` islamophobes '' ) which were huge international news , i 'm kind of disappointed a fellow frenchman deletes this . 
  it 's obviously political . 
  hey , i 'm willing to believe this ( and i do n't think that 's a good thing , people should want to fight for their country ) , but i also partly assume that for the countries where the percentage is `` low '' , people may be influenced by the fact that they do n't like their current democratically elected government , or system , and associate their current government with what their country currently is . 
  i mean , would a tea partier in the usa answer `` yes '' considering he hates the obama administration ? 
  i 'm not sure . . 
  it 's unsurprising that , with some exceptions , the countries with the lowest numbers tend to be the freer societies ( also the safest ones ) . 
  i got ta agree . 
  mods should remove spam , double posts , or false information at worst , but otherwise , if something is `` random local news '' it 's for the reddit system of upvotes and downvotes to decide . 
  i 'm going to say it , the decision to remove submissions about a plot to attack `` islamophobes '' ( after the charlie hebdo deal which was just that , and which became international news ) , seems very politically motivated on the mods ' part . 
  woopsy daisy  but again , `` regardless '', 
  alright , well did n't denmark win the first war against prussia for the schleswig or holstein area ? 
  it 's not . 
  i actually meant easier `` overall '' , in a global , general sense . 
  obviously , it 's not the preferred for everyone . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of these refugees would rather a condo in oslo . 
  so of course it 's not what everyone wants . 
  vikings from mostly what is now denmark : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_paris_%28845%29 here ya go they lost the next siege of paris , but that 's still a cool one there . 
  with the other viking siege of paris , it partially inspired the events in the last season of the `` vikings '' tv series . 
  i agree with our romanian friend that coins should n't celebrate wars between european nations , and i agree with you that the belgian waterloo coin was arguably not a celebration , but just a `` reminder '' of a big event that happened on belgian soil . 
  the french authorities are definitely hypocrites about this , and i do n't think they should have made the austerlitz coin , even if napoleon is viewed mostly positively here . 
  however , my final judgment is that if another eu country takes offense to other countries ' euro coins , these other countries should suck it up and not produce them . 
  if austrians , or other europeans disliking napoleon had protested against the austerlitz coin , france should n't have produced it . 
  if france protests against the waterloo coin , belgium should n't produce it . 
  to be fair , even during wwi , had the germans reached paris , the french authorities had already declared that they would n't defend it ( and just move the government to bordeaux ) because the french considered paris was too rich architecturally and beautiful to be subjected to destructive bombardment . 
  so good thing marne was a french victory because otherwise paris would have been abandoned . 
  hell , even the germans famously agreed , since there 's the story about jealous hitler ordering his general in 1944 to destroy paris as they were retreating , but the german general refused . 
  it may seem silly , but overall i agree with this sentiment . 
  some places are too valuable , and it 's better they go to someone else 's hands , than be destroyed forever and never be in anyone 's hands again . 
  coming from a brit on a thread about the napoleonic wars that 's quite ironic . 
  perhaps that 's the joke , but in case some people do n't know , the original saying is : `` the british will fight napoleon to the last drop of prussian , russian and austrian blood '' . 
  i know it 's a clich\u00e9 thing to say , but taking in hungarians , as austrians ( or europeans in general ) , is so much easier than taking in middle eastern refugees . 
  syrians finding refuge in turkey and lebanon , seems generally easier for everyone involved , and as soon as the situation gets better , they 're all closer to home and could feasibly move back to their own homes . 
  obviously , compared to 500 million people , that 's .5 % , which in itself represents a rather large minority imo considering they 're likely here to stay , but regardless , we know they 'll all move to west and northern europe as soon as they get a chance , unless they 're given special treatment/incentives to stay in some eastern or southern european country where the economy is already bad or small enough as it is . 
  i know it 's not very sexy to be severe on potential refugees . 
  i 'm not trying to be an asshole . 
  but damn , we take so much unqualified labour all the time . 
  perhaps we should take no more unqualified immigrants , and just take refugees whom we can give those unqualified jobs to . 
  cause we ca n't take both . 
  i still think that 's a huge number . 
  that 's as many legal immigrants france gets every year . 
  they 're also more than the 3rd largest city in austria , for comparison . 
  it 's not comparable . 
  napoleon was the good guy :d ^ ( ok , i 'm done defending france on this , but that made me laugh though ), 
   i guess it depends on the country 's culture exactly . 
  your comment reminds me of some irishmen boasting about the fact they 're so peaceful that they do n't have an army . 
  well they do n't have an army because they can `` afford '' to not have one . 
  other countries ca n't . 
  some countries with large international interests need or require a `` strongman '' leader . 
  does n't mean they need a dictator or something . 
  just at least a leader type . 
  not a `` random normal dude '' . 
  at least we do n't have royalty though :p and what 's the point in even having them if they 're just being people anyway ? 
  oh , my bad . 
  i have n't had a tv for the last few years and last time i genuinely watched this on tv it was merely a short sketch . 
  when there 's one guy on a desk making jokes about current political events , everyone says it 's a rip-off of the daily show , as if they invented satire , and journalists on desks facing the camera . 
  i believe in france and in the us there were shows with this sort of format before the daily show existed . 
  to be fair , there may be some form of inspiration in the current format , but i do n't feel the idea is groundbreaking enough to warrant accusations of rip-off . 
  they 're not that similar . 
  the `` petit journal '' , notably is extremely short . 
  it 's like a 10 minute sketch within a general talkshow called `` le grand journal '' . 
  and it 's not hard hitting critique of society . 
  just very light hearted mockery . 
  i did n't get the juncker joke either . 
   i remember some awkward moments saying hi to my grandparents as a kid . 
  there 's always the moment when you think you 're done but the other person leans in for a last one and to save face they have to express it `` eh !, 
  and another !, 
  haha !, 
  * smooch * '', 
  at this point it has to be confirmation bias . 
  we 're just looking for moments we can construe as hollande looking ridiculous and non-presidential . 
  and i love it . 
  edit : here 's the vid : http://www.canalplus.fr/c-emissions/c-le-petit-journal/pid7546-l-instant-president.html?vid=1274510 apparently all the world leaders came in a golf cart , except obama and cameron who were the only ones to realize it looked ridiculous . 
  also pretty girl at 2:44, 
  nor is my proposition . 
  tis but a moment when we annexed that area . 
  no need to get so angry about it , geeze . 
  we should make a coin commemorating the annexation of the area of belgium in the 1790s . 
  trying to annoy us is one thing . 
  being obsessed with us is another . 
  wait , so germans actually wear those suits/hats in a serious and non-ironic fashion ? 
  the world cup in russia in 2018 may be too soon to cancel ( well , there certainly are some modern countries with the available infrastructure to host it on second thought , but do they really want to ? 
  ) , and i do n't really care if russia hosts it or not , despite the country 's actions lately . 
  they 're separate issues . 
  however , if qatar looses it , that would be awesome . 
  we just ca n't host a world cup in a nation which not only does n't even care about football and is too hot to play comfortably in , but also killed thousands of indian slave-immigrants to build stadiums that they wo n't use afterwards . 
  the only reason you 're relevant qatar , is because you just so happen to be sitting on fossil fuels that more inventive nations need to power machines they created !, 
  fuck backwards-ass qatar . 
  we know you 're backwards . 
  stop pretending you 're modern . 
  oh , do n't get me wrong .
