  there are still french interests in the region , but yeah , mali itself has little to offer . 
  here 's the main thing you do n't seem to understand : i 'm not disputing the explanations which you give as facts ( of which some are , some can be argued ) , i 'm telling you why you 're downvoted ( which by the way , is n't that much the case . . ) : not because of your opinions , but because your phrasing is basically rude . 
   what disdainful comments ? 
  you keep saying that but have yet to point anything out ok , here we go :  this makes them pro-eu-everything by default and they 're also very young which makes them idealistic  we generally get downvoted for holding opinions contrary to the hive mind  every downvote i get and every upvote you get on this thread just further proves my point to the op you may deny it , but those comments do pass off as being quite disdainful . 
  as for me voting for a eurosceptic party , i am critical of eu institutions and how things are dealt with and i have expressed that on reddit from time to time . 
  i would wish for a different kind of european alliance , and ultimately , i 'm not against federalization if it 's not to the detriment of my country . 
  no , it does n't prove your point , you 're just continuing with your disdainful comments and people do n't like that . 
  people may downvote on subreddits ' inclinations because they do n't feel it 's true , maybe they do n't see themselves in what the person is describing . 
  ps : i vote for a eurosceptic party in my country . 
  maybe you get downvoted not for your opinions but because , based on this comment alone , you 're somewhat insulting and dismissive . 
  damn , if they go through with it they 'll beat our franco-rosbif tunnel record !, 
  i hope it does n't happen !, 
  ( joking . . ), 
  well , considering they 're on the [ other side of the caucasus mountains ] ( http://www.freeworldmaps.net/asia/caucasus/caucasus-map.jpg ) ( except for a small area in the north east ) , not really . 
  that web page is well done . 
  i did n't read it though . . too late for this , but i 'll come back to it :p, 
   we said no to napoleon bonaparte and his flattery and history has proved us right san marino : napoleon 's bane . 
  i suggest they vote with the closest italian region . 
  though either of the two may not like that , it is ridiculous for 30,000 people to get 6 meps . 
  that 's one representative for every 5,000 people . 
  each mep could actually meet all of their electors :p, 
  an alternative would be that their votes are integrated in the mep election of the italian region they neighbor ... that is , if the italians do n't mind . 
  but 30,000 people added to an entire italian region would n't change much for the italians . 
  i mean , san marino is highly integrated into the economy of the italian region it neighbors , and italy takes care of san marino 's military , and probably it 's foreign policy in some way . 
  well the 1848 revolutions , called the `` springtime of the peoples '' , although mostly unsuccessful are regarded as great and influential movements for freedom . 
  i agree . 
  i was responding to comment which was n't about this though . 
   population : 32,448 ( july 2013 est. ), 
   registered voters : 33,303 ( november 2012 ) what ? 
  do they not have any minors in san marino ? 
  and the ideas of the french revolution , which are generally considered to be progressive , included nationalism , and that nationalism helped spread the ideas of the revolution , which eventually culminated in the 1848 revolutions in europe . 
  his approval rating was already very low , now even the left wing ( who are the only ones who disapprove of hollande 's dealings with the roma ) criticize him . 
  please do n't call it freedom cheese . 
  ever since some americans used the `` freedom '' adjective for food it just sounds stupid . 
   the night before , european parliament president martin schulz gave a speech at a memorial to the battle warning of a resurgence of nationalism . 
  this seemed kind of random . 
  because it was newly found nationalism in the states napoleon conquered which eventually allowed them to defeat him . 
  actually , it has been shown that many of the foreign rebels in mali were mercenaries for qaddafi , not against . 
  it is true that once they lost their `` job '' with qaddafi , they needed another place to fight ... 
  but regardless , what was done was done . 
  one ca n't blame the french or anyone else for there being hardcore islamists in the world . 
  your argument is invalid . 
  and anyway , the intervention in mali was successful , and showed the islamist world which was getting too bold that they ca n't just take over anywhere . 
  to be honest , i 'm not `` pretty sure '' , it 's just always what i gathered , but coming to think about it , there probably still is this taboo in european governments to maintain the ban . 
  i ca n't really search google for more info , cause i 'm at work and ca n't really go off investigating stuff right now :p, 
  france asked for other european countries to participate with soldiers , but only got some logistical support . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's mostly the us enforcing the ban on germany and italy from developping their army more . 
  regardless , i 'm all for lifting the ban , and i highly doubt france or any other eu country would be worried of germany or italy having a larger force , considering the possibility of a war between western european countries seems impossible in any near future . 
   you might discover that those two countries are , in fact , european . 
  he surely knows that , but i 'll just add this : i 'm getting pretty sick of the rest of europe relying on only the uk and france to represent the eu militarily . 
  every eu country needs to chip in . 
  interventions like mali were highly important for european interests for example , france ( and the uk ) should n't be expected to do everything when it 's our common interest . 
  you could couch surf for the half-month . 
  just throwing in that suggestion here . 
  so you do n't need to pay for a full month of housing although you 're just staying half a month . 
  there 's a beautiful park in paris called luxembourg  ( or `` jardin du luxembourg '' ) . 
  but my description was very general , the chances were very slim :p, 
   in my youth ( a long time ago ) i participated in a couple of strikes while at school . 
  as / u/foxkilt says , it was a fun day out with no class . 
  exactly . 
  me too . 
  i remember our school teachers even encouraging us to skip class to go to this or that protest . 
  well , there are other quality papers , like le figaro , le parisien for example . 
  le monde is good , but it 's a left wing paper . 
  not that it 's a bad thing , but it 's simply not representative . 
  the idea is good . 
  maybe it should be impartial and translate good articles from all newspapers , not just the left-wing ones . 
  i kind of want to say , le monde is n't the only serious newspaper in france . 
  i do n't know about `` p\u00f8lse '' , or what it is , but yeah , otherwise in paris it 's pretty much the same thing . 
  when i have a girlfriend though , when we 're drunk , i also like to munch on other things  ( sorry for the douchebaggery ) . 
  sometimes drunk people will jump in , but it 's not advised . 
  it 's not radioactive or anything , it 's just dirty enough to not want to swim in it . 
  obviously , there are laws against polluting the waters and such , but i 'm guessing it will take much more for the river , once it gets to paris , to be deemed clean enough to swim in . 
  i mean , the sources which eventually form the seine river in paris go through a lot of industrial areas in northern france . 
  damn , i did n't get it at first and was wondering what cars and the banks of the seine had to do with the french revolution . 
  :p nice one . 
  before he was elected in 1995 or something , chirac promised the seine river would be so clean he 'd swim in it ... 
  empty politician promises  it would be awesome though if in summer people could go out for a swim in a crystal clear seine . 
  no , it 's great in paris ( which is why one does n't need a car in paris ) and it 's okay in some suburbs . 
  but there are still suburbs which are difficult to reach through public transportation , and thus people living there need a car . 
  as paris is getting more and more inaccessible by car ( with these kinds of projects , expensive parking space , rare parking space ... ) it 's disadvantageous for those who already live in remote areas of the paris region and work in paris . 
  what they can do is drive to another suburb where there is public transportation to paris . 
  it 's still a hassle . 
  another example of how space exploration helps develop technologies which can be useful in our everyday lives . 
  motorists have another reason to be pissed off . 
  thing is , one does n't really need a car in paris , however , it does n't help people from the suburbs who work in paris and have bad public transportation from their area ( they ca n't work without a car ) . 
  i 'm still all for this kind of thing . 
  `` protests '' is the key word . 
  there are n't any massive protests against the government , as there were when sarkozy was president . 
  it 's kind of annoying to have to answer to this kind of comment . 
  please read thoroughly next time . 
  ok , this is harsh , brutal , insensitive and whatnot . 
  i 'm not trying to be sarcastic , i 'm serious . 
  this is quite hardcore . 
  but fuck it . 
  there are laws . 
  immigration laws . 
  and they exist for a reason . 
  hundreds of thousands of people immigrate legally , it often costs them a lot of money , it 's often difficult for them . 
  furthermore , i 'm willing to bet at least a billion people in the world would be happy to live in france , or any other western european country if they were given the opportunity .
