  but to be fair it 's a small movement . 
  some other time maybe . 
  who said i was ashamed ? 
  are you some kind of schoolist ? 
  repeating my comment is worse than repeating your own . 
  do n't forget to downvote this comment . 
  if school is the place you can cool off , please do go back there . 
  do n't forget to downvote my comment . 
  ok . now go cool off . 
  good on you to admit it . 
  you gon na cry ? 
  you 're the only one who 's been ranting for the past 5 comments . 
  maybe you should cool off . 
  i told you man , you should just copy/paste your last comment if you 're just going to repeat the same thing . 
  seems like you 're rehashing the same shit over and over again , so i do n't understand why you bother . 
  just copy/paste that last comment again , no need to try to find new words to say the same thing . 
  inventing my experience of the us is n't any better . 
  i have plenty of experience of the us , and it 's hardly an insult to say that the us is culturally less diverse . 
  it 's quite normal given its history and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  i do n't see why other americans ca n't accept that . 
  i accept my win . 
  good on you to admit it . 
  of course i have . 
  that was obviously an exaggeration to make a basic point , and i 've acknowledged actual , regional diversity in the us . 
  i know germany does n't have as much immigrant diversity . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  the us may seem more ethnically diverse , but that 's not what we 're talking about here . 
  we 're talking about cultural , regional diversity . 
  not individual diversity . 
  cultural , regional diversity ca n't be measured by that methodology from that wikipedia page , and thus that page is n't representative of what we 're talking about here . 
  you do n't understand what we 're talking about . 
  and i 'm not the one comparing a continent to a country . 
  op is . 
  that 's the fucking point . 
  also i 'm american . 
  i 'm a dual french and american citizen . 
  `` you clearly do n't know what you 're talking about '' , nor do you understand what everyone here is talking about despite it being very clear . 
  if you take the us for example , and along this methodology `` pick two random people and compare '' , you 'll more likely pick one person who 's black , irish , italian , or latino , or indian , or japanese , or chinese . . etc. . . 
  so you got ethnic diversity . 
  but they 'll all ( if their family 's american for a couple generations ) be eating at taco bell , cook ramen noodles in the microwave , live in similar buildings architecturally , watch football and have the same references , no matter whether they 're from new york or los angeles . 
  so they have ethnic diversity , but their cultural diversity is rather soft ( it exists , i 'm not denying that ) , unless they 're recent immigrants . 
  so it 's not very comparable to actual regional diversities within european countries , or especially in african countries . 
  not to mention here we 're talking about europe as a whole , not individual european countries ( and even for those , i 'd say some of the larger ones have more regional diversity ) . 
  the methodology is n't pertinent to this discussion . 
  you take a white french guy from the north , and a white french guy from marseille , and this methodology would consider they 're the same , as in `` the same group ( ethnic , religious ) '' . 
  that 's cause as a whole people in european countries have gone beyond their tribal ties or whatever . 
  but then you spend some time in marseille , and in the north , and the weather aside the cultures and traditions are very different . 
  it 's olive oil vs butter . 
  dark mediterranean type vs fair/pale type . 
  the only common denominator is that they 'll both likely speak french and call themselves french . 
  there is almost no country in the world that has an entirely good history . 
  only those who have always been underdogs may have a chance , and even then , they could have oppressed their own people . 
  i 'm not saying they have a good history , but rather an interesting history . 
  i think it has a fantastic culture and history . 
  i took a year of russian in my last year of university for those reasons . 
  unfortunately , i did n't have time to learn much of the language , but i 'm thinking , when i have more time , that i 'll try to learn russian on my own . 
   france :     i do n't speak french , but i saw the movie `` the sh ` ties '' . 
      seems to be a northern french variant ( possibly bretons ? ), 
  and it is reported to sound very funny in the ear of a native french speaker ? 
  just a correction , the ch ` tis have nothing to do with the bretons ( who are celtic people on the western peninsula ) . 
  the ch ` tis are simply romance-speaking northern french who have their own dialect which may sound weird or funny to those who speak standardized french . 
  not to be confused with the flemish-like speaking french who also live in the northern region ( the movie was , mistakenly , set in a town which is actually flemish , not ch ` ti ) . 
  i personally do think so . 
  there 's a tipping point that every government has , no matter how powerful their army . 
  one of them could be that they do n't want to massacre an entire crowd of people like we 're in 1790 france . 
  also , americans do n't just have hunting rifles . 
  they have assault rifles and automatic hand guns . 
  i 'm not against gun ownership , especially when we try to understand it in america 's perspective . 
  it 's in their culture , from the revolutionary militias to the wild west , and you ca n't just take that away from them . 
  however , as an outsider , i would support at least background checks . 
  i have a hard time understanding why this basic thing is so hard to implement . 
  it seems pretty obvious that you do n't necessarily want to sell a lethal potentially mass-killing firearm to a convicted felon , or a diagnosed maniac . 
  many belgians have somehow developed a feeling of national belonging to the artificial , non-country that is belgium , and for the life of me i hardly understand why . 
  must be some sort of belgian propaganda preventing the lot of them from wanting back into le motherland . 
  pff , the walloons and french-speaking belgians make all the good comic books . 
  i 'm personally not very interested in going . 
  it seems extravagant and lacking in personality at the same time ( which is n't the case for other us cities ... so this is n't a jab on the us , though las vegas probably represents the grotesque and tastelessness of american culture when it 's taken to an extreme ) . 
  if i went there , i 'd probably be impressed to be honest . 
  but i 'd rather go to new york , boston , philly or other more cultural places . 
  nothing really significant , although like for every country , many of the local and transnational traditions for christian festivities have pre-christian elements , like for christmas and easter . 
  otherwise , some tales and legends seem to refer to pre-christian beliefs , like giants and fairies . 
  but again , every country has things like that . 
  i feel that in the french curriculum napoleon is presented quite neutrally . 
  there 's no overt criticism of him , nor any blatant praise . 
  it just presents the facts , how he crowned himself emperor , reinstated slavery in haiti ( that 's surely a recent addition ) , fought some wars , we present some of his greatest battles ( austerlitz . . ) , and his eventual defeat , the restauration , his legacy ( civil code , encouraging the rise of nationalism in europe because of his conquests ... spread of enlightenment ideas ... maybe that 's a misrepresentation ? ) . 
  anyway , he 's shown as a big thing , but imo it 's quite neutral . 
  france has become very pc about its history . 
  of all things , the trend these last years is to over-represent minorities in building or rebuilding france , and overly criticize france for being such a meany colonialist , maybe put important parts of french history on the side in order to make room for international history to pander to the multicultural classrooms . 
  that 's my opinion anyway . 
  there are a few english-language pubs in paris , in a neighborhood called `` saint michel '' . 
  they seem to only hire english speaking people . 
  there 's even a canadian pub . 
  another neighborhood with many english-speaking pubs is `` grands boulevards '' . 
  that 's just a suggestion if you so choose to go to paris , and considering you 've worked as a bartender , it seems like the first place you could look . 
  however , paris is very expensive to live in unfortunately . 
  you 'd live much more comfortably in another city in france , but i ca n't help you there . 
  edit : but obviously , there are a lot of english speaking students and whatnot in paris , who apply for work in those pubs . 
  so the competition to get a job in those is surely harsh . 
  if you try , maybe do n't tell them you 're staying for only 6 months . 
  that will turn them off .
