  and woopty fucking doo , the ministers and associations were all over it like it was some national scandal . 
  fucking ridiculous . 
  i 'm pretty sure that when whites jump muslims it becomes a national scandal , and the president of france goes out of his way to make a speech about intolerance and how islam is a religion of peace , and how islam is french or some bullshit like that . 
  did you not see the totally indignant reaction when a dozen dudes peacefully screamed slogans on a mosque in construction ? 
  believe me . 
  the reactions would have been very different . 
  much more critical if it were the other way around . 
  vegetarians hand in hand with hitler in not eating meat ... 
   ` i also want to stress that the political atmosphere in france leans towards islamophobia ( which sadly , the gay community is not void of ) contributes to misunderstandings and can even lead to violence ' , he stressed . 
  that 's so typical coming from a muslim apologist that it 's funny . 
  not that i know of . 
  french internet is still `` inferior '' to the english internet , but i guess the french internet has enough forums and blogs , and whatever , so that enough of the french speaking population is satisfied , and does n't feel the need to explore to the english-speaking side . 
  whereas the dutch , and the swedes , understandably have limited choices in their native language ( i really do n't want to sound like a dick :p ), 
  i 'm a huge fan of arnold though , but i guess the cheeze-factor counted . 
  but ultimately , i do n't think german or austrian accents are silly . 
  i just felt i needed to chose another country than my own ( cause i knew france would `` win '' ) , and i did n't know of many other accents ... :d i do n't think any other accents than french are silly ^ ^, 
  yeah . 
  i do n't get it ... 
  i think that sort of question just hurts both extremes : the least known countries ( like andorra ) and the most active/famous countries ( like france ) . 
  cause in the end , who will vote slovakia or something ? 
  ( no insult intended ) . 
  anyway , andorra is pretty chill . 
  most people would like it . 
  i 'm french , and i guess i get that france would be disliked , it 's out there in the open , but andorra ? 
  give these guys a break . 
  they 're a nice , small little country which has n't fucked with anyone since charlemagne . 
  i 'm franco-american ( but my step father is british , does that count ? ), 
  yup . 
  i voted russia . 
  while ireland is a very strong drinking country , they do n't even come close to the massive drinking problems in russia . 
  i disagree , because we have a different perspective on the question . 
  i did n't think about 30 year olds dating 17 year olds when answering the question . 
  i was mostly thinking of how pedophilia is about pre-pubescent people , whereas ephebophilia is technically post-pubescent people . 
  in the end , late adolescents are physically mature . 
  pedophilia and ephebophilia are n't the same thing at all , and i would n't be surprised if most males would find some teenaged girls sexually attractive . 
  i do n't condone anything , i 'm actually torn on the subject , but the fact remains that i find it normal that some 17 year old girl can be naturally sexually attractive to all , while being attracted to a pre-pubescent girls is indeed sickening . 
  there 's a massive difference between the two . 
  yes , we french people suck at other languages ... 
  but also , since french is a a very spoken language around the world , many french people keep to the french-speaking corner of the internet ... so without any disrespect intended to the swedes , it 's understandable that the swedes may want to check out english-language websites more , whereas the french still have a broad choice of french-language websites , considering their massively higher population . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm somewhat of a eurosceptic myself , but i understand that it 's absolutely normal on the internet that haters tend to comment more in sections or forums dealing with their subject of criticism . 
  people who are either indifferent or supportive wo n't waste time there . 
  well , apparently us french `` won '' in most ridiculous accent . . but that 's cause most redditors are male . 
  the girls like it , 
  yeah . . 
  i voted norway . 
  and i 'm french , and france was number 2 after sweden , but damn , visiting norway was like a slap in the face . 
  it 's like 80 % of young norwegian chicks are supermodels . 
  french girls are just classy , scandinavians are genetically fucking hot . 
  i 'm french and i agree that the french accent is the silliest ( though i voted austria instead , because i knew france would win this ) , but in the end , you 're just jealous cause we get all the girls with our silly accent  ( ps : though i have an american accent when i speak english , since my mother 's american and i speak english at home . . still ) . 
  i 'm all for a more unified europe . 
  the eu , if it were considered a unified nation , would be the number 1 economic superpower in nominal gdp , way over double that of china , and over the us . 
  however , the eu needs to get it 's shit together . 
  i think we should further the integration of those already in the eu ( what 's done is done ) , but not rush further admissions , and rather wait for them to develop to western europe 's higher standards in terms of minimum wage and all . 
  you ca n't have a sustainable economic union with countries where the median salary is massively inferior to those of the richer countries . 
  but yeah , we should help them out , and eventually try to expand to the east , with the ultimate goal of integrating russia into a massive economic ( and energy ) powerhouse . 
  the guillotine - coolest execution device . 
  your move , rest of the world . 
  yeah , france is hugely centralized , and the regions around paris and it 's suburbs are like country wastelands ( i 'm exaggerating of course , but compared to the highly urbanized paris , they feel pretty `` calm '' ... ) . 
  where i 'm surprised is that lille ( northern point of france ) is considered `` moderate '' . 
  that town has recovered greatly in the recent years and should catch up with flanders and south-eastern england . 
  i guess the rest of the region is still too far behind for lille alone to elevate it . 
  well , apparently , the third presidential debate which is foreign policy is the least decisive at every election . 
  americans in general do have a tendency to not really care what others think of their government . 
  that 's what i heard at least . 
  and that always surprised me , because while internal policies are important , foreign policy is essential for any nation ( which is why they actually have a debate devoted to it , but still , apparently few really care ) . 
  i do agree that many republicans have a special kind of hatred for obama , and that it is partly , subconsciously or not , due to him being black . 
  however , in the end , while obama will stay in history as the first black president , he objectively remains a mediocre president in american history ( edit : though it is true that he faced more barriers than the classic white president who governed during prosper times ) . 
  french president , hollande , said he supported obama rather than romney . 
  that 's politically not a very smart move , if romney wins ... 
  but i 'm calling it , obama will win , and that 's not wishful thinking . 
  polls from yesterday indicate he has very strong chances of winning . 
  the new york times gave obama approximately 70 to over 90 % chances of winning ( the latter number is the most recent ... ) - the guy conducting this study had it right by 49 out of 50 states in the last election . 
  awesome story . 
  thanks . 
  quoting myself :  i know `` world police '' military powers have n't done all good throughout history, 
  i know . . perhaps you should campaign for token minorities in every single media , since obviously you 're obsessed about it . 
  maybe you should write a letter of complaint to sweden for being swedish ... 
  it 's funny how `` europe '' is almost a bad word in us politics , since it 's somehow considered too leftist or whatever . 
  in the third presidential debate , about foreign policy no less , just a couple european countries were only mentioned in passing ( like obama saying something like `` we have a bigger army than the ten next nations , uk , france . . '' ) . 
  in brief , they did n't talk about europe at all . 
  us politicians seem to have forgotten that the us ' greatest , most powerful ally is n't israel , but western europe . 
  even in crisis , europe is still the economic superpower . 
  i think a little acknowledgment of europe being the us ' closest friend would have done some good to the candidate insisting on it , because the us electorate likes to be reminded that his country does have unconditional friends . 
  i love how the site keeps repeating that sweden has been neutral for 200 years , and that 's somehow a great thing . 
  it 's almost like sweden never would have been eyed by nazis or soviets or something , had the latter not been defeated by those countries who took arms ... 
  i know it 's a joke and all , and i know `` world police '' military powers have n't done all good throughout history , but come on ... 
  some countries simply ca n't afford to be neutral . 
  some countries have too much responsibility and too much at stake . 
  what ? 
  yeah , the us is definitely in the top countries , like most war-savvy western nations . 
  but while the us did intervene in africa here and then , it 's interventionism in africa remains relatively shy ( but then again , spain too ) . 
  not to mention half of europe has never seen american troops , because the us has only ww1 , ww2 and kosovo to count on if my memory serves me correctly ( edit : and perhaps some intervention in the bolshevik revolution ) . 
  this article is n't about the modern countries the uk invaded , but territories now belonging to modern countries . 
  similarly , i was referring to the territory which is now modern belgium ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 
  well , we have n't had a clear reason to hate eachother for a century ... except those fucking asshole brits buying out all the houses in normandy !, 
  hehe . 
  to be fair though , the french do n't really `` diss '' the british in general . 
  the british are much more fond of poking fun at the french than the other way around . 
  it 's practically a one sided game .
