  same as illegal israeli colonists in palestinian zones . 
  here 's my opinion : the turkish authorities should leave northern cyprus , pay damages to greek cypriots still alive who lost property and/or family during the invasion , and there should be a population transfer : all the mainland turkish families who were brought to cyprus to colonize it should be expelled from cyprus ( though this may shock some of you , this kind of population exchange has already been done between greece and turkey , and of course with other ethnicites like germans after ww2 , israeli colonists leaving gaza etc. . ) . 
  ethnic turkish cypriots who were on the island before turkish invasion should be allowed to stay . 
  kosovo , although rather recently populated by migrant muslim albanians ( kosovo used to be majority serb a century or two ago ) can reasonably claim independence , but the majority serb northern part should be given back to serbia , and there should be a population exchange of serbs and albanians from the ethnic enclaves in kosovo and serbia . 
  now , i admit that 's my opinion as a non-cypriot/turk/albanian / serb ... just my fantasies as to how i 'd redraw europe if i were emperor of the world :p i do n't know enough about transnistria to have an opinion . 
  i do n't consider south caucasus to be in europe . 
  to me the south-east border of europe is the tip ( middle ) of the caucasus mountainrange . 
  these countries are south of it , hence not in europe . 
  but ultimately , south ossetia should be unified with the north ossetians ( who are in europe , and russia ) . 
  but that 's not a territorial dispute really , in the sense that it 's not political , the bosnian state has official sovereignty all over the country and every sovereign nation accepts its sovereignty ... 
  it 's mainly just different people who more or less do n't want to live together , like some flemish and walloons in belgium , or some catalonians in spain , or scots in the uk ... 
  alcohol for people over 18 but it 's super easy to get some even underage . 
  i 'd say it 's a `` normal '' price for a western country . 
  technically , late night grocery stores are n't allowed to sell alcohol after midnight i believe , but i 've never seen anyone obey that law , no one cares . 
  cigarettes can only be sold to people over 18 , and recently smoking has been banned in restaurants , caf\u00e9s , bars . . except in outdoor terraces or in very special rooms with expensive ventilation equipment . 
  cigarettes are increasingly expensive . 
  other drugs are illegal . 
  if a cop finds you with a little pot you might get arrested for a night , or you might go before a tribunal if you have a little more , but you 'll likely get off with nothing , or a small fine . 
  big quantities , being a dealer , or hard drugs might get you harsher sentences . 
  if you were dealing a huge batch of weed you might get a few months . 
  if you were dealing blocks of coke , you 'll get a few years . 
  i know a french guy who joined the belgian army . 
  apparently we can do that ... 
  i 'm not sure why . 
  or maybe it was an international french/belgian unit or something . 
  also , i know there 's a french/german unit . 
  i 've always found it hilarious that people actually believe that . 
  i 've heard this idiocy so many times . 
  france has its own elite forces which are n't the legion , and uses them a lot . 
  in mali for example , of the 40 + infantry units in the country , only 2 are the foreign legion . 
  not to mention , french citizens can join the legion as well , and many do . 
  that conflict ( since the french intervention ) seemed just too easy to be true ... 
  i mean , for now only 5 dead on the french side ( though admittedly much more among african government armies ) . 
  i wonder how things will go once the french leave . 
  perhaps , as long as western nations continue to offer intelligence and logistics to mali , it will all be fine . 
  i think the material used to make notes does have an effect , but i 'm guessing there are other factors as well , for example how often banknotes are replaced ( danes may be very careful with their notes , so they stay in good shape and are replaced seldomly ) , how much the people of each countries exchange notes on a daily basis ( perhaps danes handle banknotes more than others ? 
  ) . . etc. 
  yes . 
  i knew a french guy who became legionnaire , but one ca n't know the statistics really since when a french guy joins , the recruiters assign him a different fake citizenship , usually belgian , swiss or canadian . 
  just to rectify , france does n't only use the legion overseas ... 
  in mali for example , of the 5 french dead , only one was a legionnaire . 
  of the 27 infantry regiments there , [ there are only 2 from the legion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_serval#french_army ) . 
  i sometimes feel people believe french foreign intervention is only with the legion ( which fuels some people to say that the french suck so much at war that they send foreigners to fight their wars . . ) , when in fact the legion is just a small part of most interventions . 
  the legion is a backup , or for when dirty/secret work needs to be done . 
  official french is apparently the french dialect originating from the city of tours , south-west of paris . 
  anyway , french has many dialects , but they are hardly spoken anymore , because after the revolution , centralization and standardization was extremely effective ( `` the republic , one and indivisible '' ) . 
  french is latin based , stemming from `` vulgar latin '' . 
  there are loan words from celtic , and from norse , especially for sea-related stuff , because of the viking conquest of normandy . 
  similarly , because of the norman conquest of england , the english language uses many ( if not mostly ) french words in their military vocabulary . 
  i 'd say the french language is full of grammatical exceptions , and i 'm glad i never had to learn it as a second language , because it must be pretty hard . 
  i 'm expecting other comments about france going suddenly warmonger , but here 's the deal : france has had troops stationed in west african countries since decolonization , and has always defended the stability of its ex-colonies , or `` partners '' as one would say , especially in key areas : international airports , capital cities with government facilities , places where french nationals live , and of course , places where big french companies like total have mineral shares and dealings . 
  in this example , they apparently just sent 150 troops , to complement the 250 already there . 
  in mali now , there are 4000 french troops , so it 's at a different scale , though still rather modest in my opinion . 
  for now there have only been 5 dead on the french side ( rip ) , which is a surprisingly good result . 
  may i add , the design is nice and all , but it 's harder to tell the differences when we do n't have a straight graph . 
  edit : also , along with the km/total surface , it would also be cool to have the average for the eu as a whole . 
  when i see all that superpac business in the us , where candidates can get millions in campaign donations from lobbyists , i 'm glad i live in a country where this is still illegal ( even if that means the taxpayers pay for parties ' fixed campaign money ) . 
  i do n't feel there is any `` continued deterioration '' . 
  i think it 's already moving forwards pretty fast , and in the west we have a less and less stereotypical view of eastern europe as their economies develop and as their eu integration continues . 
  obviously , some countries still need to change a lot so that we can get along better , be it belarus , ukraine and russia . 
  i do think it would be awesome if russia and us were on the same page , and eventually in some form of union like the eu . 
  but good on you if you want to make it happen faster . 
  sure , because they 're `` liberated '' whereas in much of the rest of the world they 're not , they 're treated like currency or dogs . 
  however , western women are not so easy that all one needs to do is yell `` sex ? 
  sex '' at them randomly , for the woman to just jump on the occasion to fuck a hairy , poor indian 40 year old . 
  i 'm not making them blameless . 
  i 'm saying the truth , that some of these people believe western women are basically whores . 
  that 's why they called `` sex ? 
  sex ? '', 
  to the blond white girl , and not to the ethnic indian girl she was with . 
  and i was n't justifying the rape of that swiss woman , i was merely sharing a different ( but rather related ) story of experiences of western women in india . 
  i 'd rather say neighborhoods . 
  for example , if you 're a girl , do n't walk around wearing `` revealing '' ( or actually just normal girl clothes ) in paris northern suburbs . 
  actually , maybe you should wear a veil just to be safer . 
  i knew this blond girl who went to india , with another girl of indian background . 
  wherever they 'd go ( at least when it was out of the very rich neighborhoods ) men would call only at the blond girl `` sex ? 
  sex ? 
  sex ? '' . 
  in many poorer countries which are n't in the western world , some people believe western women are extremely easy . 
  probably because of the influence of movies , porn , or the mere fact that in the west women are relatively free to date , not be forced into marriage , have sex before marriage , divorce ... 
  i was a late-80s to early 90s kid . 
  maybe toys got better by then , because i ate a lot of kinders and liked assembling the little toys and all , but i ca n't remember a single one of them . 
  i preferred my other toys . 
  kind of a broad question . 
  technically , all countries bigger than a microstate have at least dozens of sites that tourists should absolutely visit . 
  france is one of the biggest arms dealers in the world . 
  at some point , it 's got ta find some new clients , eh ? 
  yeah , that belittling rhetoric . 
  like that scandal when he said `` vous en avez marre de cette bande de racailles ? 
  on va vous en d\u00e9barrasser '' ( `` you 're sick of these hoodlums ? 
  we 'll get rid of them for you '' ) , it was really insensitive to these minority communities ... oh wait , he was actually answering a muslim immigrant woman begging him to get rid of hoodlums who made her neighborhood shitty . . sarkozy created the `` conseil fran\u00e7ais du culte musulman '' , he was more open to discussing with communities than the french presidents before him , since the french republic , before him , considered all french nationals equal and did not recognize communities . 
  saying that there 's a problem with delinquency , with integration , with violence , with immigration , is not belittling rhetoric against communities . 
  it 's simple truth and something which needed to be addressed . 
  the main problem i had with sarkozy is that he did n't put his words into action . 
  under him there was more immigration , fewer policemen . 
  he talks the talk , but does n't walk the walk . 
  yeah . 
  actually , with wall-sized screens a nokia shop in madrid should be connected to a nokia shop in oslo or something . 
  that would actually be pretty cool and would garner media attention . 
  i 'm no leftist but i have a friend who 's very much to the far left .
