  for now , india , brazil , and japan , while important for world economy ( though for now , only one of those surpasses france 's gdp ) , and for the future , they currently do not enjoy the ( albeit declining ) status of the french language in world diplomacy , and have never enjoyed it 's high status in the past . 
  japan has been a top economy for almost 50 years now , and still , the japanese language is hardly used on the international stage , let alone taught enough outside of japan 's close neighbors . 
  english , german and french are the most spoken languages in the eu , and the most commonly used in the eu parliament , including by non native speakers who at least choose one of these three languages that they speak the best to be heard by more . 
  french was , and actually is still clinging to the diplomatic language status , and though the eu does n't favor a particular language officially , french is still a diplomatic language in many international stages , such as the olympic games i believe , and other actual political unions ( but i do n't want to risk making a mistake by naming one ) . 
  on my french passport i only have french and english . 
  on my american passport i have english , french and spanish , in that order . . ( bizarre ... ) those passports were printed in 2006 and 2004 respectively . 
  well , we do get a lot about the french revolution , but napoleon strangely has little dedicated time . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't want to boast but i do realize that french history had an important impact on the modern world , so this does n't surprise me . 
  similarly , in france , we do learn about european history ( focusing mostly on england and germany ) , and us history . 
  my point being , if we want to reduce the time dedicated to important french historical moments , we should maybe delve more into actual globally important world histories , not some african empire which had little impact beyond it 's borders . 
  that would be for university students who want to specialize in african studies . 
  in middle school and high school , there 's not enough time to go through french history alone , so we need to establish priorities . 
  some civilizations and historical moments are much more important to know about for a western european . 
  just to specify , `` discrimination '' is n't a bad word . 
  we do it in everyday life . 
  every decision we make is a form of discrimination . 
  it 's basically synonym to choosing , or focusing on a particular thing to the detriment of another . 
  you discriminate on which people you want as friends , what you 're going to eat for dinner , what computer brand you 'll buy , what tv channel you 'll watch . 
  i realize `` discrimination '' mostly evokes `` racial discrimination '' and whatnot , but by using that term i meant that a country 's education system needs to choose , focus , on particular relevant , important events , and the `` discrimination '' term is relevant because obviously some histories which may be important to other countries will have to be left aside , because we ca n't teach everything to students . 
  this is n't about a specific school , but the entire french education system , and it 's not really a silly , laughable thing , but rather rage enducing to me ... 
  the '' \u00e9ducation nationale '' , in its infinite wisdom , decided to reform history education , and reduce to near nil the teaching of such important moments in french ( and european/world ) history in french schools of clovis , louis xiv and napoleon , in favor of teaching the history of african civilizations such as the african empires of songha\u00ef and monomotapa . 
  yeah , you heard me , those african empires that you never heard about , which had a relatively limited imprint on the modern world . 
  and clovis , louis xiv , napoleon ? 
  pfff , cut that shit , let 's teach about some practically prehistoric african empires , cause those little african kids in french schools need some history to be proud of , and those little french kids in schools need to learn some humility !, 
  http://www.lefigaro.fr/actualite-france/2010/08/27/01016-20100827artfig00586-polemique-sur-les-programmes-d-histoire-au-college.php it 's all about opening to other civilizations of world history , you know ... now , though i 'm being sarcastic , obviously i 'm all for learning world history . 
  but there is a certain `` discrimination '' which needs to be done , by every nation . 
  every nation , in its history education program , obviously must give a lot of importance to its national history , and must chose actually important or relevant events in world history ... because time is limited . 
  ca n't teach everything to kids . 
  for example , back in the day in geography class , we focused a lot on the eu , the usa , and japan . 
  the three superpowers of the late 90s . 
  that 's relevant . 
  learning about german , or russian historical moments would be more relevant in france than learning about some random african empires . 
  i was in school before this , but already , back in the day , i hardly even remember learning about louis xiv or napoleon . 
  the time given to them was already surprisingly small . 
  a week or two each in a year 's curriculum . 
  unlike what some have said , you can get by in big french cities no problem using only english . 
  anyway , the places you 'd need to communicate with people would be tourist areas ( hotels , museums ... ) where people are required to speak a minimum of english . 
  and unlike what most people say , if you feel lost , just look for friendly looking young adults , and you should be able to communicate with them in english . 
   maybe it comes from what they say . 
  maybe . 
  of course it does . 
  they 're not saying what the mainstream medias and political parties agree with . 
  hence they get differential treatment . 
   that 's weird . 
  the ps benefits from the right being divided . 
  it does , but the fn divides the right less and less as it has been shown the fn also takes left-wing voters . 
  but also , as a principle , the ps needs to look like it does n't want the fn to succeed , so it 's official position is to not give the fn signatures , and those signatures are made public , admittedly so that mayors do n't dare sign for the fn out of fear of repercussions . 
   source ? 
  i 'm not sure you understand what i 'm saying . 
  you said `` everything is going to shit '' . 
  i said this was n't true . 
  you respond `` so everything is great ? 
  '' , and that 's not true either , but especially it 's not what i said . 
  an economy can be in crisis without everything going to shit . 
  there are still sectors which are ok . 
  otherwise , sure , the press make it out worse than it is . 
  sure , the purchasing power in france may be down a little , taxes higher and whatnot . 
  but it 's most still live well , there are jobs around . 
  it 's not like france is at greece 's or spain 's worse level . 
  you come to france now , it would n't look or feel too different than 10 years ago ( except there are more smartphones now :p ) . 
  wow . 
  no , it 's just that not `` everything else is going to shit '' ... 
  that would be untrue , so no . 
  it 's not really a `` desperate attempt because the economy is bad '' . 
  i work in tourism , i live in paris . 
  granted every territory knows tourism is good for its economy and image , but paris is still the number one tourist destination in the world . 
  granted , by doing this the authorities want to better the image of paris , and france , but `` desperate '' is kind of an exaggeration . 
  bitch please ... 
  it 's true , they always play victim , but to be honest they actually have reasons to . 
  there is a differential treatment towards them . 
  as for the 500 signatures thing , i know from a solid first hand source that they are , every time , barely at the deadline . 
  a close family member of mine was a militant in the fn , and he worked countless hours with others desperately calling mayors to beg for their signature the last week before the deadline . 
  the medias like to say , every time , that the fn are exaggerating , but they never bother to check it for themselves although the fn invites them to do so . 
  in the last election , all mainstream parties announced they would expel any of their mayors that would give their signature to the fn . 
  also , it may not be a conspiracy , but it is especially designed to hinder the fn 's efforts , when they would rather spend that effort for their campaign . 
  the same way the national assembly was made non-proportional for the widely admitted goal of making it harder for the fn to have representatives . 
  i 'm not actually trying to defend the fn , but there are some realities which surely are convenient to them ( it is true that they benefit from being victims because it proves their `` anti-system '' stance ) , but whether or not those are convenient to them , the facts remain . 
  i do n't think so . 
  farm subsidies , the cap , and how us french meanies get a big chunk of it is the classic subject of discontent in this subreddit . 
  yeah !, 
  remove eu 's ability of feeding itself !, 
  good idea !, 
  well , his government did legalize gay marriage . 
  he also allowed french intervention in mali , which surprised me coming from a guy who has strong beliefs against french meddling in its ex-colonies , but i think it was n't really his decision . 
  it was necessary for french interests either way , so any president would have done the same . 
  hollande is just weak . 
  i 've never been to stockholm , but i 've been to copenhagen , and i thought it was pretty cool . 
  oh , and if you 're french , there are surprisingly many french tourists there . 
  i went during the christmas holidays , and half of the tourists i met were french ... 
  i was pretty surprised . 
  if you live in paris , i feel cinemas showing subtitled versions are easier to come by than dubbed versions now . 
  to the point that i hardly even check if the movie is a subtitled version before going to the movies , because i just assume they 'd show the subtitled . 
  i remember in the late 90s it was much harder to find a cinema offering a subtitled version . 
  uh-oh , time to modernize the maginot line . 
  britain , get your fat ass into belgium this time !, 
  which is weird in my opinion because i always felt independence ideas were more popular to the young populations because not only is regionalism pretty trendy nowadays , we tend to say that the youth has nothing to loose , whereas older people are frightened by independence because they 're scared it may affect their retirement and savings . . 
  vote , ballot , whatever it 's called in english . 
  so we know what each mp voted . 
  certainly , the proximity of different countries which can vary greatly in culture , and even the cultural , climatic , or sometimes linguistic differences within a same country is pretty cool and must seem especially appealing from someone living in canada , where the only comparably different established culture nearby would be quebec i guess ... and yet again the way of life there is probably pretty similar to the anglo territories .
