  however , if i criticize islamic doctrine , or if i mock judaic scripture and whatnot , i logically should not be in trouble . 
  i will admit though , that criticism against both islam and judaism is often confused with racism or hate crime . 
  actually , leftists are the ones telling us how we need more immigrants . 
  some may be of jewish background , most are n't of jewish background ... 
  in france , most mainstream political commentators who criticize immigration are of jewish origin ( and yes , it 's probably because they 're jewish that they can , because considering their background they ca n't be accused of being nazis ) : alain finkielkraut , elisabeth levy , nicolas sarkozy , eric zemmour ... people of jewish background are n't one homogeneous entity . 
  sure , many jews are leftist , when they 're wealthy and given their history , it 's understandable . 
  but i do n't mind jews . 
  i actually find it offensive that you consider jews have so much power over the rest of us . 
  in your view , non-jewish europeans a malleable dimwits . 
  i have nothing against jews however ... 
  i am a biggot . 
  i 'm openly islamophobic . 
  however , when i speak of it , i try to be objective . 
  in this case , i was speaking of an antisemite convert , but not trying to make a case against islam considering his reasons for conversion . 
  most converts are people living in the muslim-majority `` ghettos '' . 
  here the example is the cr\u00e9teil mosque , and it does n't surprise me since that town has a big muslim population . 
  obviously , many of the few white kids there will convert , because of their friends ' influence and , sadly , social pressure . 
  studies have shown , however , that a good number of converts often become disinterested after a few years . 
  the only convert i knew was a raging antisemite ( by that i mean anti-jewish , i realize arabs are semitic too . . ) . 
  his reasons for converting were hugely influenced by his antisemitism . 
  not that it says anything about islam , it says more about that guy 's mentality ... just to be clear , i 'm not trying to be a biggot . 
  the article also talks about prisons and it reminds me : i also knew a guy who was in jail . 
  during his time , he pretended to be interested in conversion to islam , so as to not get in trouble with the muslim-majority inmates . 
  for years he 'd visit the prison imam , and study the quran and all , and by doing this he had no problems with inmates . 
  when time came for him to leave , the imam gave him phone numbers and addresses to reach to continue his muslim studies and conversion . 
  he took the info , left prison , and never called the contacts once out . 
  i would n't want to school my daughter in marseille ... 
  there 's probably not a single public school there that is n't full of `` racailles '' . 
  nice should be better , but it 's somewhat of an expensive town . 
  lyon is cool too . . plus it 's not too far from the alps , and it 's a great thing , when you 're a kid , to go skiing during the holidays . 
  i 'd say that in france there 's no real social pressure to have children , it 's not frowned upon if you do n't , however , it would be weird that a long married couple does n't have at least one child . 
  surely , they 'd be asked the question pretty often , `` why do n't you have a kid ? 
  '' , `` when are you having a kid ? 
  '' . . etc. . 
  hehe , i love how they 're all so stereotypical . 
  a few years ago i had found this french website in which one could type in a surname and see on a map of france where most people with that surname lived ( since surnames are often regional ) . 
  obviously , famous names like martin were all over the map , others were more regional . 
  it was fun to type in `` embarrassing '' surnames to see if they existed . 
  for example , p\u00e9tain is pretty prominent in the north region , and some in normandy . 
  i have french and american dual citizenship , and have always lived in france . 
  most people i interact with end up knowing that i am american , and in general the reaction to this is either indifference , or commentaries like `` cool '' , `` lucky '' , `` gives you opportunities '' . . etc. . 
  the only scornful reactions i 've ever gotten , which were moderate and limited to dismissal or bad looks , came from people of arab/muslim descent , and it only happened a couple times out of all the arab/muslims i 've met . 
  i 've long been extremely concerned with overfishing , to the point that i avoid eating fish , like a vegetarian avoids eating meat , even though i love those tasty buggers . 
  i do still eat sea food like mollusks and shellfish though ( but still rarely , since it 's expensive as hell ) . 
  france was in a winning streak for a while in handball . 
  we had to lose sometime . 
  i 'm glad it 's you ... < 3 ... 
  i 'm glad it 's you ... :(, 
  your last two questions are totally impertinent to what i was talking about ... what 's your overall point ? 
  war is bad ? 
  what else do you suggest against determined and well armed extremists who threatened to take over a country and make an entire region of africa unstable and oppressed by literal fascists ? 
  as for your first question , expelling the islamists from the big towns is certainly better for the population of said towns who were forced , against their will , to follow sharia law . 
  women were whipped , raped , forced to wear full veils , men were beaten , could n't go out , could n't smoke , and music was banned . 
  never did i say that the problem was solved . 
  however , these malians , the huge majority of whom are very moderate and enjoy life and music even considering their poverty , are happy that the islamists are n't there anymore to make their lives miserable and unsafe . 
  i do n't think france and mali 's neighbors are hiding anything . 
  mali begged for french help , france does n't want the region to be unstable and has acknowledged it , and everyone has acknowledged they do n't want an unstable west africa , and france has very often intervened in west africa to keep it stable . 
  you , and tons of people like you commenting the same kind of thing , are looking for some sort of conspiracy , or government hiding stuff , when those governments have openly acknowledged what you think are hidden motives . 
  i do n't see where in my comment you could assume that i 'm saying anything remotely close to this . 
  but if you want to talk about this , yes , the terrorists are the reason behind this war . 
  why you ask ? 
  because they made the region unstable , and no one wants it unstable , including mali and its neighbors . 
  i realize you want to get at interests , minerals and whatnot , but technically , the terrorists are the reason behind this war because they started it and no one likes that ... 
  we 're disappointed we 're the only capable ground troops ( ie , western troops ) . 
  especially that everyone wants us to succeed , since it 's in the interest of all except the islamists , but they 're letting us do the dangerous work . 
  feels kind of lonely . 
  would feel good to have at least a moderate amount of other ground troops , say a few hundred elite soldiers from any country that has good soldiers , be it germany , but i 'm pretty sure even smaller rich countries which are n't already involved in afghanistan surely have a couple hundred troops to spare and in dire need of experience . 
  even american troops would be nice ( since americans are n't hated too much in west africa for now ) , so long as they 're professional elite troops , and not those kid soldiers just picked off from high school . 
  uh , french people watch tons of american films , listen to american music , and there 's a chinese food place in literally every street in paris . 
  it 's a common agreement in france that french movies generally suck . 
  most people , except perhaps old people , would rather see the latest american blockbuster in theaters than those countless french borefests . 
  french people probably watch more non-french language films than british people watch non-english language films , but british people have it easy since the movie industry is dominated by american films , so it 's pretty normal . 
  an average frenchman can probably name more british films ( even excluding bond films ) than a brit can name non-english language films . 
  however , i will admit french people are fond of their food , and consider they 're on top in terms of fashion and luxury products . 
  but the thing is that it 's not only french people who believe that . 
  france has that reputation and plays a lot on this . 
  i work in tourism and those are definitely france 's strongest assets . 
  i 'll say it myself , france is up there on top when it comes to cuisine and fashion . 
  france is fairly objectively top notch worldwide in these things . 
  otherwise , germans , japanese , americans , british all have their specific areas where they 're better , and if i nagged an american guy about how the french movie industry is better than america 's , the american would very understandably react the same way the french guy you 're speaking about reacted when you compared french and british food . 
  because objectively , those industries are n't even in the same ball park . 
  british food can be very good , no insult here , but france 's reputation for food is so massive , britain ca n't even try to compete . 
  and that 's not arrogance . 
  it 's just how it is . 
  otherwise britain literally crushes france in terms of music and comedy for example . 
  i think british people are in general much more patriotic than french people . 
  patriotism is practically a bad word in france . 
  take that from a guy who has a french father , an american mother , and a british step-father and thus tons of family in england , which i 've visited countless times . 
  i was born in a paris suburb , and have now lived in paris for the last 10 years , and i do n't feel there is any arrogance , closed-mindedness , and even less chauvinism . 
  paris is a highly mixed city , and very leftist . 
  british and spanish are much more patriotic than frenchmen in general ( and it 's not a criticism , patriotism is a good sentiment for me and i wish french people were as patriotic as them ) . 
  parisians , and french people in general , simply do n't pretend to be super friends with people they do n't know , and many foreigners mistake that for rudeness . 
  that parisians believe they 're better people seems so far away from reality for me that i can hardly understand how foreigners get this sentiment . 
  my only theory is that foreigners are disappointed that they do n't gather much interest from parisians when they tell them they 're american , british , or whatnot . 
  sorry , we see foreigners all the time , we 're just not impressed and will treat you like any other human being , and not give you special treatment because you 're `` exotic '' . 
  you 're just the 50th foreigner we 've seen today . 
  i sighed when i saw a brit posting this ( kind of like when an american posted the `` news '' article of a smelly french family being expelled from the mus\u00e9e d'orsay because they were too dirty ) , and when i read the first sentence ... 
  but then i read the article and it actually has some good points , though i think he has n't experienced the real paris . 
  the real paris is popular streets with all kinds of different and traditional early-to-rise businesses all adjacent ( bakery , fishmonger , caf\u00e9 , fruit shop , butcher shop ... ) and it 's nice and friendly and lively . 
  the film * am\u00e9lie * for example captured pretty well the `` ambiance '' of a typical parisian caf\u00e9 in which you 're a regular .
