  her being xenophobic does n't make her a moron . 
  it makes her having opinions you strongly disagree with . 
  first reasonable comment in this thread . 
  thanks . 
  the communists in france were supported and financed by the soviet union back in the day , when they were a major party in the height of the cold war . 
  it was thus much worse and yet it was n't stopped . 
  so this is nothing new . 
  and the worst thing to do would be to disqualify a party which has at least 20 % of the electorate , and i 'm being modest with that percentage . 
   it would be a supreme irony of history if the french decided to follow the anglos in this era down that particular path . 
  i think it 's fair to say that considering the french and english have always been allies in war since the 1850s , have n't fought against eachother since 1815 ( 200 years ago ) , and have a formalized alliance since 1904 ( 100 years ago ) , we maybe can start dropping the whole idea that they 're opposites , and that there 's any sort of irony if they have some sort of diplomatic and geopolitical understanding . 
  as a frenchman , i tend to believe the brits are among the people i can feel the closest to culturally and whatnot . 
  more so than with the germans , despite the fact we are closer allies to the germans , and as much as i like the germans myself . 
  i would n't call them morons though . 
  trump is notoriously ignorant of pretty much everything , and speaks like a 6th grade student . 
  that 's far from being the case for the le pens and the fn ( le pen father had a great vocabulary and speech , the daughter is a pretty good speaker and debater herself , and not in a childlike appeal like trump - just a genuine strong debater ) , though you may disagree with their solutions . 
  they 're not morons , you just strongly disagree with their ideology . 
  know your enemy . 
  going over water is overrated , how about going [ under it ] ( http://scd.en.rfi.fr/sites/english.filesrfi/imagecache/rfi_16x9_1024_578/sites/images.rfi.fr/files/aef_image/000_arp2656424_0.jpg ) ? 
  i 'd agree with all the european ones , but an australian counter perspective was a welcome change . 
  the mainstream media and politicians say her electorate is a `` protest vote '' to discredit her and her ideas . 
  that way when other politicians ultimately win they can disregard the fn 's talking points despite them having 20 + % of the electorate . 
  most of the time , the number of votes in the first and second rounds of elections do n't change significantly for the fn , including in areas where the fn is set to narrowly win . 
  if it were just a protest vote , in local elections people would n't vote fn in the second round if it 's a tight race . 
  but in the end , i 'd say the fn vote is a protest vote as well as a conviction vote . 
  both can and do go hand in hand . 
  i 'll also add that some do just vote fn to protest . 
  but the people who do that are those who are n't repulsed by the fn 's ideas in the first place , and probably agree with some key issues ( like immigration , or the eu ) enough to want the fn 's key ideas to get some attention from the other parties in power . 
  in that case it 's still kind of a conviction vote . 
  that was ridiculous . 
  not the technology , but his mannerisms . 
  kebab restaurants are fast food . 
  and this reddit circlejerk about praising kebabs all the time like they 're something great is getting out of hand . 
  impressionable youths should n't be influenced into thinking that kebabs are the best . 
  kind of like the bacon thing . 
  hey , they 're fine , but kind of gross at the same time . 
  i have n't eaten a kebab in over 5 years , and i attribute that to me growing up ( taste ) to be honest . 
  because they have puffy cheeks/faces . 
  people always want to hang on to what they know . 
  it 's astonishing there was n't more complaining when eurozone countries transitioned to the euro . 
  self check-out lanes in supermarkets or whatever . 
  just dump them all in . 
  there 's really no point in answering me if you 're just going to deny my developed answer and offer no arguments in return apart from the equivalent of `` you 're wrong , i 'm right '' . 
  libya is always the go-to counter-argument whenever americans do n't want to address the issue with the iraq war and desperately try to find something to blame france on . 
  as if two wrongs made a right , and worse , as if these two conflicts are remotely comparable . 
  they 're hardly comparable . 
  neither in the obvious areas like the then situation in the country ( the first , iraq , was stable , the other , libya , in a state of civil war ) , the legality of intervention ( the first was illegal , the other was sanctioned by the un and nato ) , or in the parties involved ( the first was largely driven by the us by far , the other was a largely consorted effort - i * wish * france had the power to force all its allies to do its will , but unfortunately for me , and for your argument , that 's not the case ) . 
  but these two conflicts are n't comparable either in the less obvious things , like how the populations of the interventionist countries reacted ( the first went batshit insane on propaganda and lies , the others were made aware of the general implications and were lukewarm or cautious at worst ) . 
  france is still waiting for your apology about us being right and you spitting on us for warning you . 
  but you should also apologize to the countries you brought into this mess . 
  all those lives lost because of lies and deceit , and your unwillingness to defy what your politicians and medias were throwing at your faces . 
  i barely missed it in france and to be honest , i 'm kind of bummed . 
  looking back on it i feel i should have done my voluntary service in my late teens , when i had years ahead before deciding what to do . 
  would have been a different experience . 
  here 's a little tidbit for you . 
  the epitome of the european `` far right '' may well be the front national in france . 
  the boyfriend of the current leader marine le pen , is [ louis aliot ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/louis_aliot ) , the number three guy of the party . 
  he has a jewish algerian grandfather . 
  the number two guy in the front national is called [ floriant philippot ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/florian_philippot ) . 
  he was outed as gay by the mainstream media . 
  the fn did n't hire him because he 's gay , the man kept his private life for himself . 
  the mainstream media outed him out and he just admitted , yes , he 's gay . 
  and he 's also the number two guy in the `` far right '' party of france . 
  mainstream media thought they 'd hurt him . 
  instead , no one gave a shit ... 
  except guys who thought him being gay was a big deal . 
  and those were only leftists who do n't understand the modern `` far right '' . 
  and what 's absolutely beautiful about all this , is that the fn has two poster boy mayors . 
  see , the fn does n't have many local representatives . 
  they 're a vilified party , so getting over 50 % of the electorate in any given area comes as a challenge . 
  but they still managed to secure some half a dozen mayors only . 
  and among them , two are preferred media personalities . 
  and when i say media personalities , i mean poster boys for the fn . 
  they are well known guys . 
  they were all over the news as they were crucial candidates in their respective important towns . 
  and it so happens , that one of them , [ steeve briois ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steeve_briois ) , is gay , and the other , [ david rachline ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_rachline ) , is of jewish-ukrainian origin !, 
  what are the odds ? 
  or wait , perhaps they just are n't nazis ? 
  who would have thought !, 
  but surely , you 'd rather believe that the world is black and white !, 
  edit : i love how i 'm being downvoted for writing verifiable facts !, 
  so tasty !, 
  well there 's no question that france and belgium are together the `` japan of europe '' when it comes to comics ( though the brits do produce some popular stuff as well , unfortunately for them they 're overshadowed or confused with american comics ) . 
  however , for some reason , franco-belgian comics have n't really penetrated many markets beyond europe , whereas europe embraces us and japanese comics ( and the us embraces japanese comics but not so much for european ones ) . 
  i wonder why that is . 
  i 'd say japan comes under the sphere of influence of europe for moments before ww2 . 
  there were the dutch trading areas in japan , the portuguese missionaries ( i only really know about this because of scorcese 's latest movie . . ) , but also much of the modernization of japan was clearly european influence . 
  they fought a civil war because of it . 
  the japanese employed british , french , german and whatnot to modernize their industry , administration and military , and we were all happy to oblige . 
  point being that japan used the european model to modernize itself . 
  in essence , all the countries in the world should have at least the `` european sphere of influence '' label . 
  seriously though , rule britannia should be the uk 's national anthem . 
  hell , when scotland voted to stay in the uk , it was a great opportunity to officially declare rule britannia as the anthem . 
  missed an opportunity there . 
  i think it 's you who commented on a previous thread about how romania always has a bad comment on these maps . 
  if it can make you feel any better , it 's the same for france practically every time , and just as unfair  i mean we get shit for not attacking nazis early enough in these maps , but germany does n't get shit for having been the nazis . 
  makes no sense , but that 's the way it is . 
  i live in paris and feel safe as ever . 
  sure , there are some trashy neighborhoods in the north but even there i do n't feel unsafe . 
  paris is large enough that you can live your life fine . 
  the middle sized cities in france feel less safe to me however , considering they have only one city center where people can go out , and the ghettos are that much closer .
