  but otherwise , it 's not because we 're old colonial powers . 
  sure , the language helps , but that 's not why they come . 
  they come because it 's more prosperous in europe than in africa . 
  poland is still better than their home , according to them , so it does n't matter if poland had no colonial empire . 
  they 'd still want some of your cake . 
  anyway ultimately i agree with you . 
  we should stop accepting massive numbers of immigrants and refugees . 
  however they 'll continue trying to come as long as the current situation remains . 
  it 's not enough to be severe with the immigration process . 
  i think it would help , but people would still try in massive numbers . 
  what we need to do is help african countries develop . 
  some european and western countries need to each chose a couple african nations to invest in , to have privileged economic partnerships with , to boost their economy , to boost opportunity and stability in these countries . 
  create regional african hubs . 
  that way , african migrants and refugees might choose to migrate to those prosperous hubs , instead of trying to cross the mediterranean . 
  do n't get me wrong though . 
  i like olive oil . 
  i use it in salads , on bread and whatnot . 
  i just do n't cook steaks with it . 
  of all things , keeping in our conversation , i feel olive oil has too strong a taste and it hides the actual taste of the steak , while to me butter compliments it . 
  but otherwise , yeah , of course we can agree on food . 
  spain is one of the good-food-countries  . 
  i 've gone there many times , in the pyrenees , salamanca , and malaga . 
  stayed there at least a month each time , and was always happy with the great food !, 
   with your last example you are admitting that i am right . 
  no i 'm not . 
  pasta and potatoes alone can have great taste . 
  that 's why there are different qualities of pasta . 
  but their taste can be complimented with other things . 
  your argument is that of vegetarians . 
  vegetarians say that people actually do n't like meat , that 's why we add salt and sauces to them . 
  do you not put salt on your meat ? 
  you can . 
  it 's just better with salt . 
  even if it 's good alone . 
  why not make it even better if we can ? 
  i 'm pretty sure france must have `` stolen '' italian art during the italian wars ( which were mostly under francis i btw ) . 
  i have no specific example , but that must have happened , granted . 
  savages :p, 
  uh , you must be confused with something else . 
  da vinci was invited by francis i of france , and he brought his mona lisa with him . 
  when he died , francis i bought it . 
  francis i was a very cultured king . 
  he 's one of those renaissance kings who always had artists and writers around him . 
  he 's one of the greatest kings of france who influenced the reputation of this country to this day , notably thanks to the artists he surrounded himself with . 
  da vinci was one of these artists who was invited to the court , to be an official artist of the french royalty . 
  the painting 's history in france is partly what makes it the most famous painting . 
   and you make a sauce to hide the poor taste that 's the argument from those who know nothing about cooking . 
  sauces are an integral part of dishes . 
  you do n't hide tastes . 
  you complement them . 
  a steak marinated in enough butter to make a juice is great . 
  saying it 's to `` hide '' poor taste is like saying you should just cook pasta or potatoes in plain boiled water , and add nothing to them , less people would say your pasta and potatoes just have bad taste . 
  makes no sense . 
  i used to cook steaks in olive oil . 
  i do n't like it . 
  i prefer butter . 
  really ? 
  for me it 's the opposite . 
  i used to just use olive oil to cook meats , because it was just easier . 
  then i discovered how much better butter is for steaks . 
  olive oil burns too fast . 
  butter is perfect for medium rare . 
  also it creates a sauce for the steak to marinate in . 
  ultimately , all great chefs will cook steaks in butter . 
  that must say something . 
  northern french do . 
  and in my personal opinion , you should always cook steak in butter . 
  you can also cook steak in nut oil , but always add butter to it . 
  it also makes a sauce . 
  olive oil is the fucking worst to cook steak in . 
  if you cook a steak in olive oil in normandy or brittany , you 'll be banned from those regions for life . 
  the olive oil and the butter countries . 
  france is split between the two depending on where you are . 
  it can snow . 
  especially in mountainous regions ( which spain has a lot of ) . 
  it can snow in morocco . 
  you can ski there . 
  these things are so ridiculous i find , especially considering it 's only modern linguistics which discovered language families . 
  before that there was no pan-nationalism between very distant language groups . 
  so it 's completely artificial . 
  and regardless , it 's `` just '' language . 
  does n't mean the people have any significant common ethnicity or genetics . 
  some languages of the elites imposed themselves and acculturated the larger populations they ruled . 
  the turks themselves are probably more descendants of the anatolian pre-turkic people , than of the turkic people who eventually ruled and acculturated them . 
  even if korean is in the same family as turkish , the koreans are genetically closer to the han chinese than to the turks . 
  and the turks are probably genetically closer to the greeks , armenians and kurds , than to uzbeks . 
  ( i 'm not criticizing turks btw , this exists everywhere among nationalists since modern linguistics ), 
   to give you an idea of what it looks like : the world company fucks the world . 
  i like this sketch , but every time i see it i find it 's a real shame that a highly viewed show like this could n't bother hiring one person competent in english . 
  the grammatical errors are kind of cringe-worthy . 
  copyright laws against buildings is pretty stupid in the long run . 
  imo , you want your city 's panorama to be freely shared around . 
  that 's free publicity . 
  the eiffel tower 's night light show is copywritten , but i 'd wager it would be better if on the other side of the world people could see videos of it . 
  it would make them want to go . 
  and a video would also spread the positive image of a radiant paris , which is good for products from paris or france , which can leach on the positive association . 
  really stupid laws . 
  interpol will find you . 
  yes it is . 
  it was legally acquired by france .
