  i work in tourism , and more often than not dutch people seem to refer to their country is holland when they speak english . 
  i 'm assuming they may consider they 're more known under that name , trying to make it easier for me , but still , i was surprised since i assumed the dutch did n't like their country to be reduced to `` holland '' . 
  if this were by administrative region we 'd get a different picture . 
  damn bretons eat pork like they 're worried they 're going extinct in a decade . 
  and their norman neighbors eat so many cows they should probably be taxed for the amount of methane they produce . 
  one can only hope that one day , perhaps in the far future , modern rational science is going to create wormholes , or lightspeed travel , or generation spaceships , and methods of terraforming countless planets , and as always fundamentalists of every creed will use the technologies that moderate rational societies invent , and they 'll all have their own little shithole planet where they can all go to and lead their shithole lives furthest away from those of us who want to lead humanity into a brighter future of progress . 
  and that will be good . 
  i often think of israel for this sort of thing . 
  i mean they picked a practically dead language , hebrew , and successfully rebooted it . 
  from my foreigner point of view , i wish irish were more spoken in ireland . 
  it would be cool . 
  but that would probably necessitate radical changes by government intervention . 
  ie , all schools in irish or something ... or at least 50/50 bilingual, 
  the second link is so much better :p, 
  to be fair , other countries also have very restricted definitions for `` unemployment '' . 
  it 's pretty easy to determine what are `` native '' ( or `` historical '' ) languages of europe , just like in any other continent in the world . 
  and this is eurovision . 
  not some political institution which needs to be careful of geopolitical demands . 
  we can start by national languages recognized by european instutions like the eu . 
  there is such a thing as languages considered `` native '' to europe . 
  hindi is n't one of them . 
  welsh is . 
  i 'd say the irish could sing in gaelic or english . 
  the brits could sing in english or welsh or scots and whatnot . 
  as long as it 's a national language . 
  would be cool . 
  i 've never been to greece , but i 'd love to go just for the museums/culture more than the beaches which i 'm sure are great too . 
  i fucking love the native diversity we have in europe and greece is a central part of our european civilisation . 
  the eurovision song context was best in the 60s and 70s when other countries like luxembourg and whatnot sang in french :p but seriously , personally it would be much better if every nation sang in their own language . 
  sure , it would give an advantage to english-speaking countries , which is the case since the 80s . 
  but i do find it ridiculous that everyone tries to sing in english . 
  the international spirit of the contest is lost . 
  who cares if the brits and irish have an advantage . 
  sing in your fucking language : !, 
  if i were dictator , i 'd rule that you can only submit a song in one of your country 's national languages , official or not !, 
  it would be pretty insane/cool if two leaders of friendly modern countries were dating or married . 
  where can i find the `` les coulisses d'une victoire '' documentary ? 
  i know it was on the lci website a week ago but i ca n't find it anymore :(, 
  thing is that he was accused of rape , which is very different . 
  the french knew he was a womanizer and would have elected him anyway if it were n't for the scandal that happened with that rape accusation . 
  despite this , i feel many french people did n't believe it , and would have voted for him anyway if he had chosen to try for election . 
  but he did n't , probably because even if one does n't believe the rape `` conspiracy '' , the whole ordeal was percieved as a humiliation for him . 
  ( i 'm not trying to defend him . 
  i never really liked him , and i do tend to believe he must have been highly inappropriate , and that it was n't a `` conspiracy '' . 
  but regardless , dsk is actually a perfect example of how in france we do n't mind if our politicians are womanizers ), 
  refugees do n't necessarily ask for citizenship . 
  so that 's a completely different subject ... 
  it seems it 's very common , with brexit , or trump 's election , or other cases of immigration in general , people rush to get citizenship from another country because they 're sick of their native country or they see the advantage in their new citizenship . 
  but these people do n't realize how ultimately insulting it is . 
  if you want the citizenship of another country , at least pretend it 's because you admire said country and want to be a part of it . 
  saying you want a new citizenship just for personal gain , to avoid inconvenience , or because your home country fucked up , does not garner any sympathy . 
  in french we say `` i beat my balls with it '' ( `` it '' being the thing or information we do n't care about ) `` je m ` en bas les couilles '', 
  exactly . 
  the reality is that in terms of social `` extremism '' , the current fn is pretty much on par to geert wilders , or ukip , and perhaps the afd ( though for the latter , i ca n't claim to know them well enough to say so definitively ) . 
  the npd is way far off extreme compared to the current fn . 
  the npd seems closer to greece 's golden dawn , though they 're surely a degree more extreme than the npd themselves . 
  granted though , the fn is economically more to the left than other `` far right '' european parties , so in that way they 're less comparable to the economically liberal ukip or wilders and such . 
  i did n't know fascism started in the 8th century . 
  thanks for the info . 
  the tau empire is upon us !, 
  good thing there 's no actual fascist party running then . . 
  right , that makes some sense . 
  i just imagine one must be rich to live in monaco . 
  but also perhaps the french people living in monaco are the working class there :p, 
  monaco : 23 % for le pen is quite surprising for me . 
  also the high scores for fillon in much of africa . 
  it 's not more surprising for turkey than other places . 
  turkey has a conservative government . 
  i 'm more surprised so many left-wing supporters bare to live in turkey ... 
  damn , i hope those 30 frenchmen in mongolia had a night out after voting . 
  m\u00e9lenchon certainly snatched some previously le pen supporters thanks to his good performances in the debates a couple weeks prior to the election . 
  these people who switched to m\u00e9lenchon will naturally switch back to le pen now that the choice is down to her and macron . 
  i was going to comment `` fucking le pen electors '' , to joke about the general condescending vibe against rural frenchmen for `` not voting correctly '' , while otherwise french rurality is praised whenever it 's not about the elections . 
  i feel it 's the first time we get something positive in this sort of map . 
  i mean what does a country got ta do to get a little love around here ?!, 
  thanks greece < 3, 
  i feel the tower would already look significantly nicer if they replaced the dark/brown glass of the entire facade of the building with silver/mirror-like glass . 
  i mean the big-ass black monolith straight out of a kubrick movie just is n't appealing for the colour alone . 
  obivously , on the french side of the border there are no large cities , nor any shady-ass multinational banks . 
  so yeah , why would the french-swiss go to the small villages in the french alps ? 
  i see plenty of french-swiss in paris though . 
  and that 's cool . 
  it must be weird knowing you 're less welcoming than parisians though . 
  yeah , `` rat '' is n't a name for arabs in france , even by the far right . 
  of all things , the infamous far-right student group called `` gud '' dub themselves `` black rats '' , ironically of course , but thus , `` black rats '' are rather a symbol of the far right in france . 
  i believe that 's why some antifa groups adopted the symbol of the black cat in response . 
  oh , hi , i was wondering when i 'd get my thread . 
  in france it 's common knowledge that the french-swiss dislike it when french people are in switzerland . 
  the general impression is that yeah , you 're rich , because you 're a fiscal paradise , so french people who work in switzerland are disregarded and generally looked down on . 
  seems you just confirmed that , thanks . 
  it 's the subject of great debate in france , over workers ' rights and whatnot . 
  but i 'm happy that shops are progressively opening more and more on sundays . 
  ten years ago nothing was open and streets were deserted . 
  nowadays , life continues on sundays , at half speed , but it 's better than back then . 
  i actually tried to pick things that i more or less consider the us and the uk have better , in the very general sense of things ( no need to nitpick , i can see you coming :p ), 
  bacon , baked beans , hamburgers , economy , movies ( currently ) , music . . 
   it 's uh deprecating . 
  unless you 're declining in value . 
  oops , lol , thanks for the correction . 
  anyway , in paris ( i 'm parisian ) , we 're definitely self-centered , but that 's something shared by most global cities , i believe .
