  back in the day , france has long considered that france 's north-east border should be at the rhine . 
  it 's our own little lebensraum . 
  can confirm . 
  i 'm not just a snobbish parisian because sometimes i do go to the beachside in normandy over the weekend . 
  so we can safely say i have a close relationship with the provinces . 
   and you do n't think russia would be involved at all ? 
  where did i say that ? 
  i merely mentioned what the guy was probably actually referring to . 
  i assumed he was speaking of ethnic russian cossacks currently living in ukraine , or rather in crimea itself , not russians from russia . 
  i never said it was possible to actually hit poland . 
  that 's why i wrote `` in the general direction '' . 
  what ? 
  did they just shoot some rockets somewhere in the general direction of poland ? 
  or was it just a demonstration to pretend they have big dicks ? 
  sarkozy literally word for word talked about `` cleaning up the suburbs with k\u00e4rcher '' . 
  he 's the one who used the brand name in the first place . 
  agreed . 
  so many people here are saying that `` until europe has an army , we need the us '' ... well speak of yourself !, 
  there are a couple european countries which do have an army to contend with . 
  however , despite this , other eu countries do need to spend the required 2 or so % for their military . 
  the fact that they think they 're above it , or they do n't need it because the us , the uk or france are here , is shameful . 
  why should actual spending and military risk be taken only by a few countries for the benefit of so many others ? 
  i say this : spend on your military , and use your military in actual operations so they can have actual experience ( it does n't need to be a warzone like afghanistan ... just use it when you agree with some intervention ... ) . 
  well , ultimately , it 's for the ukrainians to decide . 
  if they want to fight it off , we should definitely support them by supplying weapons , at least . 
  it 's not unheard of . 
  we 're already back to cold war like relations with russia now , when proxy wars were common . 
  it would definitely be a bad precedent if ukraine does n't give the russians a hard time at least . 
  hell , if things get crazier and the russians launch some sort of full scale invasion to central ukraine , i think having western armies invited in by the ukrainian government , and stationed in key cities would deter the russians from advancing more . 
  they 'd say they took what they wanted to take , and not look foolish . 
  this may seem `` too bold '' , but russia is n't exactly restraining itself either . 
  time for an equally strong response to take place . 
  i do n't understand how this could have happened though . 
  how does one so cleanly erase cyprus from a map and not realize it ? 
  kind of funny looking at it . 
  i really do n't see the appeal in being neutral . 
  citizens of neutral countries , i 've noticed , tend to be so proud and happy about how `` peaceful '' and neutral their countries are . 
  all i see are countries which do n't matter , and do n't care . 
  i 'm not trying to be insulting here , sorry if my comment passes off as such . 
  why do you write every single one of your comments in french and english ? 
  it 's getting kind of ridiculous . 
  they 'd find horse meat unsettling or immoral , not necessarily disgusting . 
  and anyway , i love how fairly uncommon foods are seen as classic french food by foreigners . 
  i 've never eaten horse meat , and have eaten frog legs once in my life time , with friends specifically so we could have a good time trying unusual food . 
  indeed . 
  off the top of my head , i 'd say it happens every trimester or so on average . 
  still blank . 
  oh well , it seems it 's just me . 
  maybe my firewall is blocking things i do n't know of . 
  but i suck at this computer thingy :p, 
  the link just gives me a blank page :(, 
  where 's a good old republican warmonger president when you need one ? 
  fairly good , though i 'd advise to spread some camembert on that baguette . 
  i 'll get some red wine . 
  i also say yes . 
  but then again , if it 's anyway similar to the us , france would be like one of the most powerful states . 
  but then again , even in the current situation , the smaller eu states have less power with this union . 
  people have suggested that the larger eu countries should split . 
  my opinion is the reverse ; rather smaller eu countries should join up again , within reason and according to historical , linguistic , geographic ( etc. . ) affinities , so as to be stronger together within the union . 
  it 's actually quite understandable . 
  the frenchmen who are n't arrogant look at the chauvinists and thus say `` damn , the french are so snob and xenophobic , we 're definitely the most arrogant , but not me ! '' . 
  the arrogant frenchmen look at all those hippie lefties and whatnot and say `` pff , the french have no pride anymore , we 're definitely the least arrogant '' . 
  polls like that are always biased towards the more `` famous '' , or currently `` relevant '' countries of the moment . 
  so you bet that any international poll will have the us is most answers , cause no offense , but who 's going to pick uzbekistan except maybe its neighbors . 
  ouch , damn , how did i get this wrong . 
  thanks :p, 
  [ ukrainian as native language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:ukraine_census_2001_ukrainian.svg ) . 
  [ majority languages ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:ukrainenativelanguagescensus2001detailed-en.png ) i never spoke of ethnic russians . 
  could easily have been about language . 
  and i do n't understand why so many are so butthurt . 
  i just feel ukraine would be better off without some of these areas which are also politically not on the western side of things . 
  [ i never liked you gorman !, 
  ] ( http://www.top10films.co.uk/img/aliens_classicscenes9.jpg ), 
  yeah , i did n't say it 's what ukraine should do , just saying that ukraine could ultimately be better off without some of these areas . 
  russian-speaking majority then . 
  and otherwise , if we take the lower administrative divisions , there probably are russian-majority areas i 'm guessing . 
  ukraine should definitely not give up easily , or else russia will just be encouraged to continue , but ultimately i almost feel ukraine would eventually be better off without the pro-russian , russian-majority , conservative eastern regions . 
  without them , not only would there be less problems like we have now , but also in elections ukraine would then be more clearly politically inclined towards the west . 
  well , in simple words , sure , that is indeed kind of my point . 
  iraq , afghanistan , taliban , al qaeda , isis , libya . 
  they were pretty much internationally recognized as bad guys . 
  ukraine however ? 
  kind of reminds me of the old saying , `` democracies do n't go to war with eachother '' , which is mostly true . 
  `` in recent memory - '' and anyway , you do realize that 's not the same thing as saying `` lack of democracy is a pretext to bomb '' ? 
  right ? 
  do you not realize this ? 
  i know it 's a famous painting , and how do you know that it did n't bother fundamentalists or prudes ? 
   if lack of democracy is a pretext to bomb a nation again , i never said that . 
  i said the targets are undemocratic or criminal countries/groups , not the reason . 
  you 're clearly unreasonable and it gets boring to read counter arguments to things i did n't say . 
  i 've repeated `` recent '' so many times , i do n't think i could have said it enough . 
  i 've also said that in recent years i do n't know of the us providing aid to groups or countries for them to fight a democratic , non-criminal country . 
  iran was n't one of those . 
  however , if you wanted to actually provide a good example , you could have easily said that the us helped the dictatorial coup against democratic iran , or other examples in latin america . 
  but then again , i do n't consider those examples to be `` recent '' . 
  daaamn , i had never given a thought about the fact that we actually had nude breasts on a fairly common franc bill . 
  that must have bothered some fundamentalists and prudes back in the day , haha . 
  i had seen that russia is already more or less restricting many russians from taking holidays in eu countries , as part of the `` punish ourselves to punish the eu '' sanctions . 
  maybe that restriction only applies to people with government jobs . 
   america also would n't be a superpower if we based the economy on only helping california , texas , and new york while never transferring money to other states .
