  do n't say `` we '' . 
   japan is actually one of the worst examples you can give of how well a nation without immigrants is doing actually , it 's not . 
  while it had a decline in the last decades , and `` ouch '' , turned out only as the 3rd economy in the world , many analysts agree that with its current government it 's rising back up . 
  there still is a huge demographic problem , but they chose to deal with it themselves , instead of replacing their population , and thus destroying their culture faster than slow demographics would . 
   in terms of culture and language they 're not . 
  france was in a similar position until the government decided to forcefully asimilate its minorities . 
  in terms of culture , they are . 
  i 'm not saying the regional cultures are identical , i 'm saying they 're comparatively extremely close . 
  it 's normal for a country to have small variations of cultures . 
  france , is much more diverse than germany . 
  germany is practically homogeneous in comparison ( again , i 'm not saying it is , but comparatively , there 's no debate to be had here ) . 
   that has more to do with economic prosperity than culture . 
   the way i see it , you have two options . 
  you can either accept that immigration has been a reality since forever and that immigrants are a necessity unless you want to go the way of japan or you can continue to spout your rhetoric until your lungs give in . 
  of course , this is all just for your own personal gratification . 
  the world will just the same tomorrow and there 's nothing you can do to change it . 
  come live in the paris suburb where i lived as a child . 
  just remember , do n't eat during ramadan , and tell your sister to cover her hair . 
  and you need to take it , and not complain , cause that 's the europe `` we '' love . 
  there 's nothing you can do to change it , and you better not complain you racist fuck . 
  germany would n't be `` nothing '' without immigrants because it would still be a nation with a specific history and culture which it built without the help of immigrants . 
  of course it would be something . 
  saying it would be `` nothing '' is absolutely ludicrous . 
  immigrants did n't build germany . 
  and without them it would still be a nation with tens of millions of inhabitants , and it would still be economically important . 
  some say , and i do believe this , that massive immigration of unskilled workers is actually an economic and social burden . 
  japan , which has very few immigrants , is still the 3rd economic power without immigrants . 
  i 'm not saying they 're not facing demographic difficulties , but they 're not facing problems germany is with massive immigration . 
  otherwise , i never said germany has a homogeneous culture . 
  however , the different regions are comparatively extremely close , and form the nation that is germany . 
  sorry to bust your fantasy , but two different german regions are n't as different as iceland is to somalia . 
  they 're highly similar and justifiably belong to the same nation , as they share a similar culture , history , language and drive . 
  do n't give me your western self-hatred bullshit . 
  i 've heard that rhetoric since i was in kindergarten . 
  it 's official public school curriculum . 
  i already know it by heart . 
  he is wrong . 
  germany would n't be `` nothing '' without immigrants . 
  it 's actually extremely insulting to say that , and typical coming from some white-guilt-ridden western european . 
  he learned his lesson well though . 
  what is right , however , is that germany would be `` nothing '' if it were overrun in numbers by immigration , because germany , as a nation of specific culture , origin , people , would cease to exist . 
  the interviewed in the article are slightly exagerating when they say , breton-speakers for example , are discriminated upon in daily life . 
  if they mean that they do n't have access to official documents in the breton language , sure . 
  but otherwise , there is no discrimination against someone who happens to speak a regional language . 
  that was back in the day . 
  of all things , it 's considered rather cool if someone can speak a regional language , especially in their own region . 
  living in paris , there were breton language classes in the public school . 
  there are bilingual road signs in many areas . 
  there are regional language news reports on cable channels or whatever . 
  france is n't actively trying to suppress its regional languages anymore . 
  it 's mostly that the harm has been done already , so now there are n't enough regional language speakers for regional language medias to really exist . 
  and sure , france is n't hard pressed in reviving these regional languages . 
  i think it 's fairly sad , especially for languages which are particularly different to french , like basque , breton , alsatian , corsican . . 
  i do n't think , however , that `` dialects '' of french really need to be revived . 
  the french language is the standardization of its early regional dialects ( basically the `` langue d'o\u00efl '' languages , which were spoken throughout the romance-speaking northern half of france ) . 
  reviving those would be like reviving old english instead of understanding that languages evolve into a standard . 
  1:07 arab guy got it right . 
  he 's such a good immigrant he hardly even looks the part :p german guy right after is your typical `` our country would be nothing without immigrants '' idiotic rhetoric , that we hear all too much in western countries . 
  i stayed in malaga perhaps 10 years ago for a month , in august , when i was 17 or so . 
  i was in some summer school with people from all over the world , who were my age , so ultimately we did n't really go sightseeing much but rather hung around at the beach and in bars and all . 
  but for some reason , i do n't think there is much to sight see . 
  most of the main attractions in malaga are in front of the beaches ( not the ports ) , which i believe are in the western half of the city . 
  all along the beaches are good typical sea-food restaurants , and bars . 
  i do n't know about the gay scene . 
  i remember seeing a gym , where muscular guys would lift weights and all . 
  it 's also next to the beach . 
  maybe check it out :p malaga ultimately is a very laid back ( in a good way ! ), 
  town . 
  it gets pretty hot , take a nap in the afternoon , and go out drinking in the evening , and take a swim on the beach . 
  i have good memories of it , of being ultimately at peace in a calm place . 
  i agree , that 's also one of the things where these leftists have n't `` thought this through '' . 
  as i 've always said , mass immigration is the reserve army of capitalism . 
  and leftists promote that . 
  so again , leftists policies are once again contradictory . 
  if the leftists want europe to be free of homophobia ( which i agree , sure ) , maybe they should think twice before promoting massive immigration from cultures which intrinsically do not hold values of tolerance towards homosexuality . 
  that has often astounded me , how they do n't think this through . 
  obviously , i 'm not saying all muslims ( yes , i 'm speaking mostly of them ) come from cultures which are sexist , homophobic , anti-jewish . etc. . , but europe certainly wo n't become less homophobic if their population in europe increases so much , because of these leftists ' policies of mass immigration . 
  some muslims in the uk seem much more extreme because they 're allowed to be . 
  do n't forget that in france there are laws against freedom of speech when it comes to hate speech . 
  if freedom of speech was total in france , we 'd have openly racist parties , and muslim extremists shouting what they really think in the streets , just like in the uk . 
  there are extremist groups in france here and there , but they are usually very quickly disbanded as soon as they go overboard , which is n't hard to do at all in france . 
  regardless , i disagree with your overall statement . 
  islam , as a culture for many people of immigrant origin in france , is essential as part of the identity that many muslims in france like to display in opposition to western or french society . 
  i realize that the typical `` racaille '' is n't really a practicing muslim , but he still claims that identity proudly . 
  in the latest huge riots ( 2006 ? ), 
  the rioters would shout `` allahu akbar '' while they were burning cars , `` let 's burn the church '' and whatnot . 
  their muslim identity , or `` origin '' if i may , is essential . 
  i do n't think the usual comparison between how muslim immigrants are percieved and jews in the 30s is pertinent in the least bit . 
  jews , in germany for example , stayed a relatively small population . 
  they were mostly secular . 
  they did n't seek to convert others to judaism . 
  they did n't form ethnic gangs responsible for a huge part of the country 's crime . 
  they mostly had a strong level of education and did n't make more children than the rest of the population . 
  they tended to be highly integrated , espousing western values , and wanted to participate in important fields , not only politics as people back then hated , but also sciences for example . 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with a part of the muslim population , recent immigrants who hate on their adoptive country , are very prominent in crime , are n't educated , and tend to embrace their ancestral countries , cultures or religion in opposition to the western country and its values . 
  the comparison is also false because muslims today do n't suffer from institutional discrimination in western countries . 
  on the contrary , they have the law , media , institutions on their side to defend them from any form of discrimination . 
  jews had it harder , and yet were more productive and moderate . 
  the children of immigrants tend to be more extreme than their immigrant parents . 
  the parents who actually immigrated from some shithole country are usually fairly thankful .
