  it 's clearer if you imagine protesting against marriage for interracial couples . 
  i do n't believe that 's even remotely the same thing , and i consider this overused comparison a fallacy . 
   i do n't doubt that there 's a lot of muslims who are against gay marriage , but the issue was whether they would 've joined the protests and if they would 've rioted . 
  well i have no way to prove that muslim religious leaders called for not participating . 
  i only know that from personal sources which i trust . 
  as for the muslim youth rioting or causing trouble if they 're given a chance to be in a protest or a big crowd , that 's like asking if fish swim . 
  of course they would . 
  they riot in the techno-parade for god 's sake . 
  hey , there 's the techno parade in paris saturday i believe . 
  they 'll riot or at least attack people in large groups . 
  no need to be nostradamus to know that . 
  well , i do n't think being against gay marriage is an extremist position . 
  otherwise the only way i can back up my belief that muslims are generally against gay marriage is that all those i know ( and i know a lot ) are against it , and they 're your normal moderate not-looking-for-trouble-or-attention type basic muslim . 
  so i modestly assume their position is widespread among muslim , especially considering those i know are very moderate and integrated . 
  from what i heard , from people in the protests , is that the muslims were largely against gay marriage , but the muslim leaders called for not participating because if they sent their guys `` cars would burn '' , and they felt they did n't want to be `` stigmatized '' again . 
  so they called for not participating . 
  but i assure you , most muslims in france are against gay marriage . 
  i 'll also add , while i 'm all for gay marriage , i do n't find it `` extremist '' in the least bit to be against gay marriage . 
  i do find it extremist to call those against gay marriage extremists . 
  most of these people were very normal families who could be your casual next door neighbor , but they were just catholic and felt marriage should be a religious thing . 
  now , i do expect downvotes for saying the simple truth . 
  but very honestly , for having seen the protests and knowing some people against gay marriage , they 're not like your typical extremist tea partier or something . 
  just casual people . 
  while russia indeed does n't like loosing its sphere of influence to the eu , as others said , this is just one dude who does n't have deciding power . 
  even if the eu is divided and probably would n't have the guts to oppose russia militarily in head to head combat ( with only france and uk with a big enough army to defend ) , russia would most certainly loose a lot diplomatically , as the entire world would condemn such an invasion and it will hurt its trade and whatnot . 
  however , the eu not defending itself would also loose a lot in credibility . 
  i think i was n't too far away , but to be honest i have no idea where i went . 
  i just went more or less south from the french pyrenees town of [ luchon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bagn%c3%a8res-de-luchon ) which i believe is just north to the far western part of catalonia . 
  i just crossed some mountain border and got to a tiny isolated village and ate at what seemed to be a family restaurant . 
  it was a long time ago so i do n't remember much . 
  i remember a little girl in the restaurant family had beautiful sky-blue eyes . 
  it 's pretty much laid back , but they know how to party at night . 
  i 've been there twice ( salamanca and malaga ) for a month each ( plus once i just crossed the pyrenees for a day to some moutain restaurant in spain ) and really enjoyed it . 
  good times . 
  nice country . 
  my grandmother was norwegian . 
  i 'd love to go there . 
  black metal . 
  big swords planted on the ground . 
  not to mention the uk has a professional army , which is also technologically top notch . 
  ca n't really say the same for russia . 
  their invasion of georgia a few years ago , while it was an undeniable victory for russia out of sheer numbers , was very botched . 
  seems like they just throw in their numbers without considering basic strategy . 
  that worked in ww2 with huge losses . 
  it would n't work today . 
  good question . 
  i have no idea :p, 
  and this , guys , is why the eu is considered a `` soft power '' and everyone tramples on us , be it the chinese , russians or americans . 
  i 'm ok with france and the uk doing all the military work , and that the rest of the eu can just consider they do n't need an army because we 're here , but at damn it , when one of the countries offers to intervene in the name of human rights , and is loosing support , the least the eu parliament could do is stand by it . 
  this is a diplomatic catastrophe . 
  if russia wants to invade moldova , it has absolutely nothing to fear . 
  i see by your first paragraph that you did n't understand a single word of what i was saying . 
  i 'm all for debating . 
  but not when i 'm talking to a wall . 
  i 'm done with you . 
  how does it sound even remotely like that ? 
  just saying the algerian government notoriously insults france on a regular basis . 
  i did n't give my personal opinion about it or anything . 
  but if you want it here it is : they need a scapegoat for their own failures with their country , so they blame the ex-colonial power ( which spent more money developing algeria than it got in return , or `` exploiting '' it as some like to say ) . 
  but the point of my post was that france has close ties with algeria , be it for foreign aid , and for the algerian government 's focus on france . 
  ops question was `` colonial relations '' . 
  sorry for actually answering the question . 
  the others i mentioned have even less of a `` victim '' innuendo . 
  yeah , but many were n't adopted from the colonial era . 
  you talked about the `` cardinal sins '' , and so am i. i also did n't speak of `` extreme pride or arrogance '' and `` loss of contact with reality and an overestimation of one 's own competence , accomplishments or capabilities '' . 
  obviously , showing off , and `` extreme pride '' is disliked everywhere . 
   there 's a reason why pride is one of the seven cardinal sins , and so-called `` self-hatred '' is n't . 
  that 's only an argument for those who believe in a judeo-christian religion . 
  i feel some of the cardinal sins , pride most of all , are n't that bad , and i 'm not christian . 
  actually , i think making pride a sin is one of the reasons why i disagree with judeo-christian ideology as a whole , among others . 
   secondly , culture is n't the same as country . 
  my culture is something personal , which i 've built up through my experience and learning . 
  i can feel culturally closer to an educated chinese person than to some of my compatriots . 
  i 'm obviously speaking of national or regional culture . 
  if a chinese person studied the same subject as you , or has the same kind of job , sure , you might have that in common with him . 
  but he does n't have your actual culture , the one from your country , whichever it is . 
  if you 've seen the film barry lyndon , there 's an emotional scene where the main character meets a fellow irishman after years of having left his country , and he cries at the emotion of meeting a countryman again . 
  this is n't pride , i know , but it 's about that sentiment of being part of an `` extended family '' with your countrymen and it 's a beautiful thing i find . 
  france has fairly close relations with most of its african ex-colonies , and acts as its `` police '' from time to time , some people call it `` fran\u00e7afrique '' , though the relations , at least on the outside , seem fairly friendly ... 
  except with algeria . 
  although the relation is close with algeria , the algerian government does n't miss any occasion to spit at france , in between the financial aids we give them . 
  france has practically no more ties with its asian ex-colonies , be it vietnam , or those parts of india it had . 
  there 's a vietnamese community in france but it seems to me they date back from right after the war in indochina , and we get very few new arrivals comparatively . 
  there are relations with qu\u00e9bec in that we mostly share some of our celebrities with eachother , and many people visit the other country/territory on holidays , or even for a year to study abroad . 
  we must have surely taken words from african languages . 
  none come to mind . 
  otherwise , some slang words come from recent arab immigrants . 
  i get what you 're saying , and i realize jingoism can get out of hand , but then i feel there 's the opposite sentiment , which is self-hatred and whatever you may believe , it is a reality . 
  i feel there 's nothing wrong with being proud of one 's culture , to love one 's culture , or country , because that sentiment does n't go hand in hand with hatred of others . 
  i 'm proud of my culture , and that 's why i respect those who are proud of theirs . 
  otherwise , about the whole `` born by accident argument '' . 
  i find it stupid . 
  anyone can freely be proud of their parents ' achievements , or their brothers ' , or children 's ... your country or people are simply an extension of your family , you 're part of the same team , so you can be proud of the achievements of your extended family , or of the `` team '' you belong to , especially if you feel your `` team '' , your country , is in the right on the world stage . 
  to be fair , if you say you 're `` proud to be french '' in france , it kind of makes people uncomfortable too ... 
  unless you add adjectives like `` multicultural '' , `` open '' , `` tolerant '' france . 
  admittedly though , the sarkozy era started a new trend for french people to stop being self-hating and repentant of the colonial era and all , which was the case since 1968 . 
  because they 're baddass . 
  that 's why :p, 
  actually , the `` sang impur '' refers to themselves , the revolutionaries , as opposed to the pure , noble blood of their enemies . 
  it 's sarcasm .
