  these election results are due to the high proportion of extra european immigrants , which some of them are responsible for most of the insecurity in the country , and people vote accordingly . 
  but otherwise , the french are very respectful and excited about other cultures , and love to travel . 
  i was almost disappointed when traveling around europe to see how numerous french tourists were everywhere i went . 
  i thought my travel destinations were original . 
  is that sentence ( `` something rotten ... '' ) doomed to be unoriginally used every single time there 's a story about denmark going awry ? 
  `` smart as a monkey , taubira finds the banana again '' these are expressions combined , and they basically mean `` smart girl smiles again '' . 
  to be honest though , while it 's racist , and meant to be shocking ( they got a lot of publicity from it ) because addressed to a black person , i thought it was pretty hilarious and well thought . 
  i 'm embarrassed to say i laughed my ass off when i read this in the newspaper . 
  we have edf ( electricit\u00e9 de france ) and gdf-suez ( gaz de france - suez ) which are mostly public companies , providing electricity and gas in france ( and elsewhere , as they 're pretty big companies ) . 
  i 'd say i pay on average around 50 euros a month for gas , and 25 a month for electricity . 
  i 'm not sure some concrete bunkers represent important historical artifacts for albania . 
  and anyway , there will always be some left , but they certainly do n't need to protect every 700,000 of them . 
  in my home town in the suburbs of paris , in the foresty area , there are still a couple ww2 german bunkers here and there . 
  they 're not exploited as tourist attractions because they 're just concrete blocks . 
  the town grows hedges or vines around them because they 're just ugly . 
  here 's the essential thing : the towns provided homes for the roma . 
  built them for them , and offered them jobs to integrate them . 
  otherwise , few other immigrant or homeless people get such easy hand outs . 
  the only reason why the towns figured they should hand them a future on a platter is because if they did n't they 'd be a problem . 
  if all the euros were n't actually the same currency , which could be used in any eurozone country , it would kind of defeat the entire purpose . 
  i can use a french-printed euro coin in greece and vice versa , and it has the same value in all eurozone countries , it 's just that the `` heads '' side of the coins have different artwork , just like i 'm sure a canadian dollar coin does n't always have the same design . 
  just threw it out there . 
  the french have their pride so could pass off as hostile to some americans , and we do like criticizing america ( americans hate the french because they think the french hate them , which makes it all a vicious circle ) , but yeah , i 'd say most french people understand the us are still our friends and we 'd rather the us as a superpower than the russians , chinese , or islamists . 
  sorry , but the latest intervention in mali , which the malian authorities begged for , was highly regarded as necessary , and practically unanimously approved worldwide . 
  and very objectively it was highly necessary for the interests of everyone . 
  and no , you 're not ready for a world war . 
  you 'll need to count on the military of your european allies who have a stronger capacity , and that is the uk and france . 
  though admittedly , greece is n't too bad considering your regional tensions force you into defensive budget , but other countries just lay back because uk and france . 
  yep , share the burden . 
  it 's not because the uk and france have a relatively respectful military capacity that we should be the only ones doing everything . 
  build yo fuckin ' army !, 
  counting those who did n't vote at all , those who were too young to vote , those who voted for the other guy ( a little under 50 % ) , hollande got a total of 18 million votes . 
  the total french population is around 65 million . 
  the french who voted hollande hardly represent a small chunk of the french people , and anyway , few considered he was some kind of `` saviour '' . 
  there was no equivalence with `` obamania '' . 
  some rejoiced when hollande was elected , but it was mostly because they were happy sarkozy lost . 
  typically in france , at least in the paris region , it can take 30 + years for a middle class family to finish paying their home , so many do n't bother buying . 
  about how much would it cost to ship a handful ? 
  her boyfriend , louis aliot , who is number 2 in the fn , is of jewish origin - his grandfather was jewish ( though he considers himself religiously christian ) . 
  reddit downvotes are inconsistent and often unexplainable . 
  you only have -1 for now , which thus is n't representative . 
  i 've seen many times on / r/europe americans with the top voted comment on a specific thread , which was n't about bashing america or anything , it was just the most enjoyable or insightful comment about a european issue . 
  so do n't take it too personally . 
  but i agree , there was n't anything wrong with your comment . 
  it 's a well done movie  . 
  it was still my `` copy/paste '' default because i had recommended it on reddit to someone looking for epic asian films . 
  oops . 
  that 's a mistake . 
  i wanted to link to sham marriages . 
  :p my bad . 
  fixed . 
  yeah , perhaps they 're not as racist . 
  the difference being between the us and france that in france , white french people are natives . 
  i think this accounts for a huge difference between european and us politics when it comes to `` xenophobia '' . 
  in the us , if you 're a white racist , you may as well be a neo-nazi . 
  in europe , you can be against extra-european immigration , and while the left will call you a nazi or something , it 's not a fact and the general population will allow it . 
  ah , that explains the amazing fact in that wikipedia article that one in six marriages in ireland are shams . 
  that 's incredible . . 
  i do agree with that , and think this `` president '' should be elected democratically in some way ( by the actual citizens , or by the parliament ) . 
  he should preferably be multilingual , it would be even better if he were at least a dual citizen of two eu countries ( not a requirement ) , and he should have the functions of representing the eu in a common foreign policy . 
  i imagine such a person making political and economic visits to the us , china and whatnot . 
  with all the economic weight of the eu behind him , he could be very convincing to the other world powers . 
  damn , norway has a ridiculously low number of jews . 
  in france there 's at least one jew ( religious or not ) in every classroom . 
  for sure , surgery for aesthetic reasons should be allowed on children if they have a certain deformity like a cleft lip . 
  if they just think their nose is too big , or their boobs too small , it should n't be allowed until they 're adults . 
  yeah , it 's extremely common in the us , even amongst non religious folk , and if you debate them on reddit some will get extremely defensive about the mutilation of their penis and how prettier it is , and how it 's better for their health , and how they 'll have their children 's penis chopped off too , even though they 're atheists . 
  [ sham marriages ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sham_marriage ) can be detected by officials though , who get especially suspicious when it 's a national marrying a foreigner . 
  obviously , i would guess that in most cases they 're not detected though , because what can one do ? 
  anyway , a rich person who can afford 650k would n't risk loosing half of his belongings on a divorce case after a sham marriage . 
  i personally consider the tea party more nuts than the national front , and as a french-american who votes in both countries , i did try to learn about both . 
  i 'm paraphrasing but he says `` only '' those who have n't experienced war call out to fight for queen and country , and that is absolutely not the case . 
  many historical examples exist , amongst british soldiers , but let 's take a more notable foreign example , hitler , who fought in the trenches in ww1 , and thus probably had a much more terrible experience of war . 
  and the guy speaks of his experience , probably in iraq or afghanistan considering the examples he 's giving . 
  those wars are notably considered utter failures in how they were dealt . 
  i 'm not saying there is such a thing as a `` clean '' war , but if you 're going to take the worst examples it 's not a very fair argument . 
   le pen plays on people 's fears , and as such is possibly even more dangerous than her father . 
  this is the kind of argument which very often comes out when speaking about the fn , and i guess the far right in general . 
  but look at that sentence objectively . 
  am i the only one to see the irony in it ? 
  i do agree with you that public displays of wealth in france are n't well regarded at all . . which indeed is in total opposition to countries like the us where it 's almost required . 
  the `` do n't argue about this with me '' was very clearly about the easiness of finding taxis in paris . 
  not about copenhagen . 
  i do n't see how that was confusing for you . 
  and i do n't care about your parisian friends in marketing . 
  they suck at finding a taxi . 
  it 's very easy for me , as i do it practically every night . 
  and you can say over and over again that i 'm being defensive and whatnot . 
  that 's not the case . 
  i 'm telling you how it is . 
  taxis are easy to find , and it 's pretty obvious that i know better . 
  regardless , even if it were true that no taxis could be found , it 's hardly the fault of any sort of governmental decree or something . 
  if the taxi service at night is n't lucrative or worth it , there wo n't be taxis , and the government ca n't force taxis to work at night . 
  what the government does though is provide night buses , which i admit are n't very practical . 
  edit : and yeah , inner city paris is pretty rich . 
  it 's paris . 
  you need to pay good money to live in a haussmanian complex . 
  you wo n't find much night life there . 
  i do agree though , that paris does n't have a great night life . 
  i 've been to copenhagen .
