  given their history and position , poland positioned itself geopolitically with the greatest power in the 90s and 00s , obviously the us . 
  that 's probably the greatest reason why they went for boeing , and us military vehicles . 
  it 's kind of a shame , but i guess i understand them . 
  i 'm surprised so many in western europe say china instead of the us . 
  fact of the matter is that the us is by far a larger economy than china . 
  maybe that wo n't last another decade or two , but for now the us is still the largest economy , and the center of world trade . 
  no matter how many goods are `` made in china '' . 
  i mean , for now it does n't seem there are many killings of opponents and journalists . 
  so we 're not at russia 's level yet . 
  where are my mussels with those crunchy fries ? 
  from my perspective in france , portugal definitely seems to be more and more popular as a tourist destination for french people , since the last decade . 
  not wanting to be insulting , but before that perhaps portugal was seen as a comparatively lame place to go to . 
  a poor man 's spain if you will . 
  now i guess , the trends and perspectives make portugal a valuable destination , even perhaps something to brag about . 
  it 's still perceived as an `` original '' destination , even though that may not be true anymore , but that also helps . 
  germany is the greatest power in europe , and it does have a lot of influence in europe , but it hardly has the international diplomatic reach that france has outside of europe . 
  if for only reason that france had a larger colonial presence around the world , but also , i 'd say , because of french diplomacy being historically very entrenched around the world . 
  economics do n't account for everything . 
  now i 'm surprised that france beats britain ( even just barely ) considering the commonwealth and its former colonial empire . 
  i guess the brexit may even things out between france and britain , as both have international diplomatic reach , but france is ( and was always , i guess ) stronger in the eu . 
  most open antisemitism in france has little to do with the dreyfus affair or any old school french antisemitism . 
  while i do n't deny that some old school catholics and far-right groups may harbor antisemitic thought , it 's pretty clear that the feeling of insecurity that some jews in france may feel in everyday life is more related to the muslim community 's animosity against jews because of the arab-israeli conflict . 
  yeah , we 're always to blame , as usual . 
  i 'd rather blame franco and hitler . 
  but to each his own . 
  macron seems to always do that staring thing . 
  after the parade he went in the crowd and shook hands/hugged random people ( or perhaps they were the family of veterans or something , if not widows and orphans ) , and he 'd stare way too much into people 's eyes . 
  i think it 's to try and convey that he cares and respects the people he 's interacting with , but it just comes off as awkward imo . 
  right , it 's like 30 euros a day , but it seems costly considering it 's just spectacles you sit down and watch . 
  and also typically one should stay in one of the themed hotels for a night to have the full experience and time to see everything in a couple days . 
  disneyland accounts for a huge portion of the local economy of the north-eastern suburb of paris . 
  france does pay a lot for the maintenance of the park , but it 's quite useful for the development of the area . 
  also , we can complain all we want , it 's a wonderful place to go to for kids . 
  i have great memories going there . 
  it 's rates as the best theme park in the world so , it 's quite well rated . 
  however , indeed , it 's probably under-visited . 
  i 'm surprised it 's more popular than park ast\u00e9rix though . 
  i mean not only is it in a western corner of france ( not central ) , it 's also somewhat expensive , especially considering it 's the sort of place where you should at least stay for a night . 
  they added a wwi theme spectacle , where you walk through trenches and watch the daily life of soldiers [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6lslp3noy0 ) . 
  looks intense as fuck . 
  children cry :p, 
  and if you have kids , i would go to puy du fou , though it 's costly . 
  oh , right , i guess it does depend on the teacher . 
  my history teachers were typically left wing , and thus not very sympathetic to emperors :p anyway , to answer your first question , i 've heard here and there that napoleon is somewhat well viewed in countries like croatia and slovenia . 
  i may be wrong , but that 's what i was told from croatians here and there . 
  but perhaps that was just their personal opinions . 
  otherwise , my brother visited the site of the battle of austerlitz in czechia , and apparently the locals there were super into napoleon and very happy to show french people around and talk about how they thought napoleon was so cool :p, 
  actually , when i was in school , some 10 years ago , we hardly mentioned napoleon , and that is actually a subject of controversy really , how little he is mentioned in the public school system . 
  but the little he is mentioned , in my experience it 's quite a neutral stance . 
  he 's presented as a historical figure , a result of the revolution , and not much more . 
  in everyday life , however , when we french people happen to mention napoleon , you 'll have those who admire him ( i 'm among them , to be honest ) , and those who consider him a despot , but most people are in between , and do n't really care or know enough to have an opinion . 
  so i 'd say opinion is quite evenly distributed . 
  that 's a handsome pint if i 've ever seen one . 
  it 's not phoney , but we do call it the `` phoney war '' . 
  personally , looking back , i think we should have tried to attack germany instead of camping . 
  but it 's easy to say from my perspective , and regardless , the point is that we still entered the war , whether we fought well or not . 
  i do n't know , to me the condescension comes from those complaining that france and britain did n't win the war for them . 
  actually , it 's more than condescension , it 's pretty offensive considering those who died . 
  of course , surely nazi germany would have eventually maybe declared war on france . 
  but that 's not what we 're debating is it ? 
  we 're talking about whether or not france and britain respected their treaty with poland . 
  they did . 
  debate over . 
   we were one of most loyal allies of napoleon and we stayed loyal to the end yeah , i know that very well . 
  poland were essentially the only real allies of napoleonic france in europe . 
  we got some statues of j\u00f3zef poniatowski in paris here and there . 
  i 'm just glad he died before the ultimate defeat of france and warsaw . 
  actually , poland was back in 1806 , when france kicked prussia 's ass and recreated the duchy of warsaw out of ashes . 
  but the poles prefer complaining that we lost in 1940 . 
  sorry for not winning every time ya ungrateful bastards !, 
  i know it 's a joke , but poles seem obsessed about this ww2 thing so i thought i 'd give them an answer . 
  first and foremost , france and britain did declare war on germany the moment poland was attacked . 
  sure , there was that phoney war deal , but we still kept our part of the bargain and went into a war that we did n't want to be in , just for you . 
  and that bargain was shit . 
  it was one sided in poland 's favour , as such a treaty was only about britain/france defending poland , considering poland could n't realistically defend britain/france with their capabilities . 
  but yeah , we signed the deal , so it was our fault and responsibility . 
  but you should be happy we signed that deal in the first place . 
  ultimately , with britain holding out as long as it did , that saved the war for you , so be thankful millions gave their lives for you ultimately , even if it only payed off years later . 
  finally , poland was a quasi-dictatorship that took a part of czechia with nazi germany . 
  do n't pretend you 're angels . 
  you did n't deserve us . 
  but i 'm happy we allied with you anyway . 
  just do n't push it , 
  everyone always has their little opinion about not caring for the food in a typically praised culinary region when they went there that one time as a tourist . 
  i thought food in italy was fantastic . 
  they have great culinary standards , and i 'll general side with the general consensus from people who know what they 're talking about that italy has a superb food culture in general . 
  i love snails , that garlic-butter sauce is something , and it 's a great little appetizer . 
  but it 's definitely a rare occasion to eat snails . 
  even in burgundy . 
  the only time i 've tried frog legs was as a joke meal for foreigners . 
  turned out ok . tastes like a mix between fish and chicken . 
  it reminds me watching the us version of master chef , at some point the candidates had to cook a french-themed meal and they were completely lost , not really knowing what qualified as a french dish . 
  yeah , we do n't really have an internationally known purely french dish , like other countries have clich\u00e9 dishes like pizza , or hamburger , or sushi and kebab ( apart from cr\u00eapes i guess ) . 
  thing is that if you cook some meat with oignons and herbs , and a side of vegetables with a mother sauce , that 's your french dish for you . 
  for most people it 's just normal food , but that 's the french influence on the culinary arts . 
  you 're the one crying a river , mate . 
  no one gives a shit about this here . 
  but if you ask the french , all would say the french government did the wrong thing here . 
  we do n't owe you fuck all for ww2 , just so you know , the same way no one owes france for any war where france was on their side . 
  however , france does owe its friends and allies to not to this sort of thing to them .
