  the politicians who benefit from it , however , surely care . 
  the cap is just the british people 's favourite subject to complain about the eu and france simultaneously , although the uk receives [ a massive rebate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_rebate ) from its contribution to the eu budget , whereas france gives much more money to the eu budget than it receives back , including what it receives back for the cap . 
  if there was n't any eu , france would have kept that money , and the extra that it does n't get back , for its own agriculture anyway . 
  that 's why many french farmers are anti-eu , because they do n't think they 're getting a good deal from the eu , no matter what the british might complain about the cap . 
  but since france gets more cap money than everyone else ( because notably it 's the largest country and very agricultural - it notably feeds its neighbours extensively ) , people like circle jerking about france getting more money and not letting go ... etc. . the usual stereotypes against france . 
  that scream in the beginning of the video is a sample scream which i 've heard in other medias ( notably , starcraft 1 had that scream ) . 
  like the wilhelm scream , does anyone know if this scream has a name ? 
  i was n't trying to belittle or dismiss their sacrifice . 
  sorry if it came out that way . 
  i have a huge respect for vets and fallen soldiers in wars . 
  i was simply reacting to a comment insinuating that france had a limited role in its success ... which as a frenchman is something we get all the time ( `` napoleon was n't french '' , `` in ww1 you would have lost if you did n't have allies '' . . etc. . . ), 
  i never blamed it on the brits . 
  you seem quite defensive here . 
   french cuisine is in the midst of an identity crisis , [ ... ] the mass arrival of cheeseburgers , sandwich stalls , frozen food , fake truffles -- and even prefabricated bread -- is sullying the reputation of a culinary pacesetter . 
  way to exaggerate . 
  sure , people also eat fast food and whatnot , but that does n't negate french cuisine itself ... now people simply have more choices and try different things ... also sandwich stalls are btw not un-french at all - the '' [ jambon-beurre ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/jambon-beurre ) '' ( ham and butter on baguette sandwich ) is a huge part of french culinary identity/tradition . 
  actually , mostly yes ... france had a shit-ton more soldiers than the british expeditions for most of the war , so yeah . 
  anyway , the point is that france fought for 4 years in horrible conditions and did n't surrender , whether they had allies or not . 
  for example , france had the british with them in france in ww2 , yet they still surrendered ( cause the british got their ass handed to them as much as the french did ) . 
  i know a lot of people call them fascists . 
  but not people who actually know what they 're talking about . 
  i 'm well aware of le pen-father 's early ties with the old guard of the french far right . 
  again , he 's not the leader of the fn anymore . 
  and the fn is n't considered a fascist party by any political analyst , despite some ties here and there . 
  there are also ties with resistance fighters , communists , and mainstream republicans . 
  we can find ties with anyone . 
  far right ? 
  sure . 
  fascist ? 
  the jnr ( sic ) are definitely fascists and they do n't actually hide it . 
  anyway , i guess we 're going to have to agree to disagree . 
  i do n't think the fn promotes fascist ideology , and in that sense they ca n't be called fascist . 
  no respected politician or public intellectual in france would call them fascist either , because that would be simply hyperbolic and ridiculous to do so . 
  le pen did n't deny nazi crimes . 
  he minimized them . 
  and he does n't `` rule '' the party anymore anyway . 
  his daughter has n't yet said anything that scandalous , and has thrown out anyone in the party who has remote links to nazi , fascist or antisemitic ideals . 
  charles de gaulle was very critical of immigration . 
  was he a fascist ? 
  some communist parties until the 80s were anti-immigration . 
  were they fascist ? 
  france had the death penalty until the early 1980s , and many democracies still have it . 
  are those fascist ? 
  the `` their views on the primacy of france '' thing , i do n't really get . 
  they 're patriots , sure . 
  but i do n't recognize them in that description you give . 
  here 's the thing , i think calling everyone fascists , just because they 're anti immigration or something , is a bad thing . 
  it minimizes actual fascism , and turns the warnings against fascism into a joke . 
  people need to stop calling everyone fascists . 
  it 's not that simple , not that black and white . 
  well tell me what 's fascist in their political program . 
  ( tip : there 's nothing genuinely fascistic in their program . 
  maybe they 're fascists in hiding , but there 's nothing in their program and whatnot which can justify saying they 're `` fascist in all but name '' ), 
  actually , the front national is n't fascist at all . 
  if it were it would be illegal in france . 
  then after , one can always debate on what the leaders of the party really think . . 
  the french one , the celtic cross , is largely used by such as the gud and other more radical groups , though now it has spread and become a symbol of white nationalism pretty much worldwide . 
  no it 's more about comparisons for the education system and things like that . 
  i often hear `` but you ca n't compare a country with a population the size of france 's with finland '' or things about the different sizes of cities or the cultures and needs being different . 
  you gon na cry ? 
  i do n't personally give much of a shit , i 'm french and american , dual citizen and english is my mother tongue . 
  however , i do think it 's nice to have a minimal amount of language diversity . 
  i do n't feel persecuted nor do the french . 
  it 's just funny how fucking emotional some people get about this although english is n't even their native language . 
  now quit your ridiculous bigotry . 
  i had seen some of his videos before as well . 
  i think you 're rather severe . 
  he 's pretty reasonable compared to some of the crazy republicans out there ( at least those ridiculously conservative enough to garner media coverage ) . 
  well , it really is only one flaw , since he repeats the same argument for 2 minutes . 
  i 've actually heard this argument in debates in france as well ... for comparing france to finland ... 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've heard the british use the argument as well . 
  yeah but here we 're talking about the ability to speak english , and in that sense the spanish are pretty bad as well , and that 's to me for similar reasons as the french as well : because they have a large hispanophone world to fall back on - they 're hardly isolated in their language , so learning english seems less necessary . 
  hell there are very few spaniards on reddit i find . 
  there are more catalans at least than castillans from what i 've seen . 
  the first are probably all on some spanish speaking international websites . 
  make you `` sick '' ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  ok , let me rephrase : not speaking some english in a stupid song is bad !, 
  sshh , you 'll destroy their beloved stereotypes and fantasies about the smug rude chauvinist french if you tell them the truth !, 
  speaking your national language instead of english is bad . 
  period . 
   why ca n't the french just learn english and speak english ? 
  they do . 
  but my take on it is that france has a sufficiently large francophone world to fall back on so as to not necessarily need to be entirely dependent on speaking the english lingua franca . 
  it would be better for france if the french were better in english , but it just has less incentive to do so than other smaller and more linguistically isolated countries . 
  have n't there already been french contestants on eurovision singing in english ? 
  and personally , i find it kind of sad that not every country uses its language for the eurovision , considering its often used as a display of national culture . 
  yeah , but then again the stereotype is that americans are `` fake '' , overtly friendly just to be polite , whereas us in france do n't pretend like they do . 
  if we 're offended by you we 'll damn well show it , though not through words , sure . 
  apart from the first two , those are some massively inconsistent rankings . 
  well , most or some of these uk universities are n't free , for one . 
   france has always had as her essential aim the service of peace let 's just pretend it 's true guys !, 
  no hard feelings !, 
  [ :d ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukeoug7z_fm ), 
  i actually never heard of it , but then again i do n't go out much :(, 
  for sure , i understand why a joke on greek laziness would n't be appreciated after the crisis . 
  otherwise , i did n't want to imply that all greek humor could n't be self-depreciating . 
  i was only talking about this particular sketch . 
  a classic french comedy group of the 80s and 90s ( called les inconnus ) made some fake condom commercials from many european countries : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oauphz1l_de the france commercial is at around 4:40 though i 'm guessing one misses most jokes if they do n't understand french . 
  wow ... those greeks are n't even poking fun at themselves , they 're just giving themselves the `` good '' stereotypes ... that they have fun talkative meals , that they have so much food choices , that they all want to pay the bill ...
