  paris is too big for this to be a problem . 
  at least that 's how i see it . 
  these things definitely only happen in towns where the population is largely of north african decent . 
  there 's no way about it . 
  there 's a problem with islam and with the cultures of these countries . 
  but i think we french should be blamed because we let it happen , and i 'm sure some leftist french redditor is going to take offense . 
  they 're exactly the problem , as they refuse to see the reality of the situation . 
  being nice and tolerant to them does not solve the issue . 
  it worsens it . 
  now what should we do ? 
  the leftist french think we should `` educate '' them in modern values and whatnot . 
  that 's definitely true . 
  but we are doing that . 
  the kids in those towns all go to french public schools . 
  and believe it or not , they get all the opportunities if they work hard enough . 
  thankfully , plenty of people of north african background accept western values and are fully integrated . 
  but plenty do not , and that 's because of their family and foreign cultural values . 
  the first thing to do is stop the floodgates of immigration from these backwards countries . 
  we ca n't hope to integrate these populations if we keep importing more of them before those who are already here have n't integrated . 
  it 's just adding fuel to fire . 
  the second thing to do is to be more `` ruthless '' with our expulsions . 
  whenever possible , foreign citizens who are delinquents or criminals in any way or fashion should be expelled from europe . 
  third thing is to be more confident about how `` better '' our values are , instead of constant self-depreciation , and constant praising of foreign values , which in reality are backwards if you 're really progressive . 
  how do we expect to `` convert '' these people into frenchmen if we keep complaining about how bad we are and apologizing and whatnot ? 
  they should aspire to be frenchmen , rather than reject it . 
  to show that i 'm not some cold hearted fascist , i agree that otherwise education and financial help to poor urban areas should be used extensively . 
  also , i 'm for financial help to developing countries . 
  international cultural influence is a thing , and in the long run we can influence their home culture to espouse our progressive values before they even come here . 
  damn , that takes me back . 
  the usual translation is something along the lines of `` it 's by doing anything that you can become anybody '' . 
  but i 'd say that it 's more like `` it 's by being random that you become random '' . 
  that 's the [ main theme ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9va7l8h4nc ) from the godfather movies . 
  composer is called nino rota . 
  there are at least 3 different themes in those films that i whistle on a daily basis . 
  best soundtracks in movie history . 
  and i highly suggest you watch at least the first two films . 
  i 've never seen a satisfactory translation of this in english . 
  people try though , but it never quite hits the mark . 
  there will always be people thinking this is another example of the french slacking off or whatever , but this is a perfectly normal right everyone should have . 
  now surely , this is about workers ' rights . 
  it does n't mean that everyone will refuse to answer their work phones . 
  it depends entirely on context ( the amount of responsibility you have , your hierarchical position . . ) and individuals . 
  but you ca n't get in trouble if you `` disconnect '' from your work emails when you 're off work . 
  this is especially pertinent to low level employees . 
  high level employees may still feel pressure to stay `` connected '' , but typically , that should be for their own ambition . 
  charlie hebdo is on occasion like / r/imgoingtohellforthis except that it 's left wing . 
  however , it tends to go `` deeper '' into things than the bimonthly outrage you hear about now that they got international attention . 
  exactly . 
  though israel is worried about its demographics , i feel that wanting all or most jews around the world to move to israel is quite short-sighted . 
  having a diaspora which could be sympathetic to the `` home country '' *** could be advantageous , as politicians in other countries may want to appeal to that electorate , or that diaspora may be part of the political class ( in the case of jews , not wanting to dispel antisemitic arguments , they are fairly well-represented in some western countries ' political class ) ( *** granted , non-israeli jews do n't necessarily look to israel as their `` home country '' , but it 's probably safe to say that some of them can still feel an affinity to it , the same way christians in the west often feel more empathy towards middle-eastern christians , or say , 4th generation italian-americans having sympathy for italy . ), 
  that 's ... that 's completely irrelevant . 
  not to mention communists and pacifists were against the war as well . 
  but again , that 's not the point . 
  does n't change the fact that the number 2 guy in the party is a known homosexual . 
  are you really that dense ? 
  nationalism is n't only racislist like nazism was . 
  you 're confusing different systems . 
  i do n't feel he looks north african at all . 
   a french nationalist i.e. 
  someone who has no real political agenda except `` france first '' holy strawman . 
  yeah , the fn has people of foreign origin , as well as homosexuals and women in high positions . 
  somehow , people think that pointing out that they 're inclusive is a valid way to discredit the fn . 
  it must come from the ( more or less small ? ), 
  proportion of french people who may get annoyed when a foreigner ca n't speak french back to them , or when things are anglicized , but that does n't necessarily reflect chauvinism imo . 
  and even if there were some chauvinism there , it does n't mean the french consider others to be lesser . 
  just that they like their culture , not that they think it 's better . 
  [ nope ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2011/11/2011-values0010.png ) source : http://www.pewglobal.org/2011/11/17/the-american-western-european-values-gap/, 
  french may be easier for you to learn obviously , as a portuguese who already speaks english . 
  you 'll also probably have an easier time pronouncing french than others considering portuguese has similar nasal sounds . 
  learning german would have you learn a completely new set of vocabulary and grammatical structures . 
  however , as someone else said , it depends on what you want to do with the languages . 
  for travel around the world , french may be more useful . 
  for travel in central europe , german . 
  if you 're a student , french and german are more or less useful than eachother depending on the particular science . 
  or if you work in a particular sector , again , one may surely be more useful than the other . 
  i feel like there 's no doubt that people or parties like trump , or ukip , or the fn , are anti-establishment , and the establishment hates them in return . 
  the establishment refers to the mainstream media , the financial sector and the ruling political class , in that order of importance in my definition . 
  same goes for far left candidates ( bernie sanders ( sure , he 's fairly moderate for european standards ) , or the front the gauche/commies in france ) , though they tend to be less rejected as their ideas are perceived to be less antisocial ( they 're progressives on social issues ) . 
  so i find your comment somewhat ironic . 
  i feel you just want to deny these parties the satisfaction of being anti-establishment , but clearly , if you used critical thought , you 'd know they are indeed anti-establishment . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a good or bad thing . 
  just saying they 're clearly anti-establishment . 
  as for them not being necessarily closer to the people , i 'll grant you that one however . 
  nah , you 'll be fine : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_paradox, 
  france did this ludicrous thing which was build the p\u00e9riph\u00e9rique highway around paris , effectively preventing its natural growth ( ie , annexation of neighbouring towns ) . 
  while many other european cities expanded outwards , paris stayed its relatively small size . 
  so indeed , that 's why in practice it seems the metropolitan area of paris is huge , but administratively , paris is small . 
  hey , do n't be so hard on yourself mate . 
  surely , hadrian 's wall was the result of romano-british labour !, 
  not trying to be confrontational here , but to put things in perspective , occasionally inhaling some cigarette smoke as you walk outdoors next to some smokers for 2 seconds really has a negligible effect on your health . 
  sure , it may be annoying , but so are drunks , and beggars ... 
  i would n't want to ban the latter though . 
  living in a city with traffic affects your health significantly more , so perhaps cars driving next to sidewalks where pedestrians may be walking should be banned first . 
  anyway , throwing cigarette butts on the ground has recently become a penalty in paris . 
  a good thing , but unfortunately there are n't enough bins for it to be effective enough ( and people still have their habits , or are n't aware of the new laws ) . 
  as a former smoker , i know no one wants to hold on to a dead cigarette butt for long . 
  regardless , it is indeed a step in the right direction . 
  transport in paris is always subsidized . 
  i assume the city plans the occasional hazards like this . 
  and considering paris is a hub of french , european , and perhaps world economy , i 'm not too concerned about its funds , though i 'm sure someone may show me dire statistics :p .
