  europe would have been a hell hole if the ussr had `` liberated '' the whole of it . 
  i 'm thankful the us , british , canadians , australians , and others liberated the western half of europe , or the world would probably be much worse . 
  also do n't minimize america 's and other allies ' contribution . 
  while the ussr lost a ridiculous amount of men in the war , it does n't mean they would have won without the western front , or the allies supplying them . 
  damn , that must have been awkward . 
  `` tell putin we 'll deliver those boats he paid for '' . 
  that 's heartwarming . 
  great man . 
  thank you !, 
  nah , i think obama should be sent to the tower for this insult . 
  who 's the brown guy helping her down ? 
  ( not obama , the one with all the medals :p ), 
  many of those ideas are retarded , and it all looks like a fantasy map a 12 year old would come up with . 
  first off there 's no evidence russia has helped euroskeptic parties in the west , financially or otherwise . 
  it 's pretty clear if you look at every country with a strong euroskeptic or far right vote that russia is pretty much irrelevant in the minds of these voters . 
  russia is largely irrelevant to the euroskeptic debate . 
  the mere fact that you associate euroskepticism with russia indicates to me how much of an outsider you are to european political and social realities . 
  you saw news about russia , and then about eu elections , and randomly put them together . 
  the fn in france was rising , regardless of russia which meant pretty much nothing in the debate . 
  of all things , euroskeptics tend to compare europe with the ussr , in a bad way , whereas recent political leaders in russia seem to rather consider that the ussr was awesome . 
  if eu nations had reacted more strongly against russia , the euroskeptic vote might actually have been less important , because it became pretty obvious how ineffective the eu is in international affairs . 
  that 's partly the case in poland for example . 
  i realize some far right parties have defended russia 's actions , but other than the fact that it 's not an important part of their program , it has more to do with they being conservatives and far right , like russian society is . 
  russia is their model , and they do n't need russian intelligence to tell them so . 
  they can like russia on their own . 
  i have no doubt that russia might prefer some parties to others in western european countries , but that does n't mean there is any significant infiltration and whatnot which could successfully stray the votes . 
  bulgaria is another story as it has always been highly corrupted . 
  but bulgaria 's weight in the eu is practically nil . 
   after all , we have a nice , non-russian dominated continent of our own just to put in a little perspective here , since you imply that russia is dominating the european continent , all in all , russia is n't that relevant to western europe . 
  we only talk about them now because of the ukraine crisis , but overall , at least in france and the uk , russia is pretty much not at all on people 's minds . 
  sure , russia is more or less a partner in some economic deals , but there 's no russian domination going on against western countries . 
  eastern european countries , while dependent on russian gas , have their sights turned west , so apart from being distrustful of their russian neighbor , the cultural and economic `` dominance '' in those countries is western , as they are now themselves part of the `` western world '' . 
  but i agree overall that european leaders have been quite weak in trying to sanction russia , slightly weaker perhaps than the us . 
  i like the brits . 
  they 're closer to us than the brits would like to admit . 
  similar mentality , codes and culture . 
  a british tourist in france can easily `` integrate '' ( but that 's the truth with most western european countries ) because our countries are just so similar . 
  also britain influenced much of modern western culture ( music notably , but also of course litterature and arts ) , and is home to great scientific advancements in the recent centuries , and this makes it a great country . 
  i was wondering about the estonian design , and why would they possibly choose such an uninspired design . 
  i was wondering if it 's a way to `` set in stone '' in a way the estonian borders considering the large russian minority ? 
  or is this not a pertinent reason from estonia 's perspective ? 
  this cap argument is full of shit and has always been , despite some british constantly mentioning it each time france and the eu are debated . 
  france is a net contributor to the eu , more so than the uk , despite the cap . 
  the cap is pretty much france taking back only a portion of the money it gives to the eu . 
  that 's why french farmers tend to be quite anti-eu because they feel they 'd get more if it were n't for the eu . 
  also france is the largest country in the eu , and has massive expanses of arable land in diverse climates , and also it 's not as densely populated as its neighbors , giving it more space for agriculture . 
  it 's only normal that its agricultural industry is large , as it also feeds its neighbors . 
  she does tend to be quite smart in televised debates . 
  i 've come to believe that journalists are getting `` nicer '' with her because they 've learned from experience that her rhetorical skill , and even her charm , can potentially tear them a new asshole , which intimidates them as they do n't want to risk humiliation . 
  other leaders of the fn , especially the young ones , have similar skills . 
  one to note particularly is when journalists delve into perceived extremism in the fn . 
  i remember one recently , after the eu elections , where a journalist suggested to a fn leader that they could ally with golden dawn at the eu parliament . 
  the fn guy dismissed it like `` is this a joke ? 
  '' , scolding the journalist like a parent to a child , like a teacher mocking a student 's stupid question . 
  now only the very hardened and experienced journalists could dare to go `` too far '' in the questioning , and even then , if they do n't choose their words wisely , the better fn debaters can easily break the criticism and use it to their advantage ( ie , unfair criticism , fear-mongering against their innocent selves ) . 
  i rather think he 's implying that noble birth privileges are n't modern . 
  how puny . 
  you got nothing on us . 
  well the perceived caricature is that the left are the nice guys , and the right the cold hearted bad guys . 
  that 's the caricature , but i do think it 's based on a real thing in society 's perception of political leanings . 
  there 's a famous quote during a political debate in the 70s or 80s where a center right presidential candidate told the left wing candidate `` vous n'avez pas le monopole du coeur ( = `` you do n't have the monopoly on having a heart '' ) , as the left wing candidate implied that his opponent was a heartless capitalist . 
  the center right candidate eventually won the election , and his victory was largely attributed to that rebuttal - because ultimately the electorate constantly needs to be reassured for voting for the `` bad guys '' of the right . 
  while the mainstream left and right have long been toe to toe in elections , it 's still considered more `` humanist '' and nice to be left leaning . 
  but the right has appealing strategies of its own ( like the one i mentioned above ) to stay competitive against this , which are the following points : in france there 's an expression we call the `` bien pensance '' . 
  it 's hard to translate the expression in english , but it basically refers to what 's generally considered morally better by the general society ( or the left leaning media , intellectuals or politicians ) , some form of political correctness . 
  like defending immigrants , being against the right and whatnot . 
  the expression `` bien pensance '' is only used to criticize the social norm . 
  another similar expression is `` pens\u00e9e unique '' , again hard to translate , but it refers to how everyone thinks the same on what 's morally good or bad , that one has to be progressive . 
  this expression helps the right 's electorate in the sense that they can thus just consider the left to be basically hippies , and that there are economic and social realities which need to be considered , so one ca n't just be progressive about everything , even if it 's morally `` better '' to be progressive . 
  about the snobbish left , the right will also speak of `` gauche caviar '' ( = the caviar left ) , which the english call champagne socialist , and the americans will call them limousine liberals . 
  with this expression , which is basically an insult , the right pulls the left to their level , showing that these leftists may be posing as of the people , but ultimately they 're just like the right , they 're not morally better , because they 're rich snobs too . 
  it is largely true that the front national tends to lead much of the political debate . 
  when they set their minds on a particular problem , they start massively marketing the idea , which thus pushes the media to delve in it , and in turn forces other mainstream parties to talk about it - all the while the fn can thus claim to be the frontrunner of the political debate . 
  it 's a very intelligent strategy , and one ca n't really hold it against them - it 's a legitimate strategy , they 're dealing their cards and sometimes come on top . 
  however , i think it 's pretty clear that the fn is treated differently in the media . 
  they 're given more opposition from interviewers , and in the most popular night shows , when they 're invited there 's always a somber atmosphere created . 
  one would almost expect the darth vader music to be played when a fn politicians walks to the panel . 
  i largely admit however that in recent years , with marine le pen trying to `` cleanse '' the more extremists from the party , and the media being criticized for not being objective with them , the media has acted more `` normally '' towards them . 
  but i still do see a difference . 
  i 'm not judging if they should be treated differently or not . 
  there are arguments for both opinions . 
  but otherwise , i 'm not sure that treating them like other parties helps them . 
  many people were or are pissed that the fn are n't treated as nicely as other parties , and react in sympathy . 
  exactly . 
  if it was a far right activist , the media would be largely accusing the far right parties for spreading their ideas of hate or violence . 
  when a muslim extremist is responsible , they do n't point fingers at imams , and ask muslim lobbies `` what they think '' , if they support the crime , and to apologize . 
  also , a notable example in france was the [ 2002 nanterre massacre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nanterre_massacre ) where a mainstream socialist militant turned green party member , and supporter of the human rights league , gunned down and killed 9 members of the town council . 
  naturally , no one accused those parties and associations of being responsible for this guy 's act , even though it 's pretty clear his acts were politically motivated against the political `` elite '' that he hated . 
  for some reason , the french generally have n't been properly educated against littering . 
  i 'd say a majority do n't litter ( except for cigarette smokers , the norm being to throw your butt on the ground ) , but those who do are numerous enough to make big cities have lots of litter on the ground . 
  not to judge , everyone litters , but the `` poorer '' more multicultural neighborhoods of north-eastern paris are particularly filthier , and tourists go there for the moulin rouge , the p\u00e8re lachaise cemetery , and bar neighborhoods , and are thus naturally exposed to the filthier areas of paris . 
  i know he was being sarcastic . 
  that 's why my answer was dismissive . 
  you got ta understand the clues man !, 
  no , but i 'm assuming the obvious . 
  i never said it was entirely europe 's fault . 
  of course russia is at fault for being aggressive . 
  for wanting ukraine in its sphere of influence , although we wanted it ... 
  but russia reacted excessively , and the eu was stupid to think it could prance around and just take it without considering russia . 
  that 's all i 'm saying , and there 's absolutely nothing untrue there .
