  but even if the eu were a federal state , i 'd still prefer large states capable of taking on big projects on their own . 
  i 'd rather a few californias and texases , rather than lots of vermonts and mississippis , if you catch my drift . 
  does n't mean regions within these states ca n't have strong identities , or even some forms of autonomy . 
  france can and has . 
  but i guess the french government at the time did n't want to do this on its own , especially considering it was coming out of mali , and that stuff gets expensive after a while . 
  and that 's why , angela , you do n't say shit that encourages even more illegal immigration . 
  actually , france was literally a couple of minutes away from bombing assad 's bases in syria at the start of the syrian revolts , before isis appeared . 
  however , it hoped to have us support , but at the last minute obama refused and france grounded its planes which were ready for combat . 
  it was considered a humiliation for our president ( and country ) , that he was basically obama 's dog in that instance . 
  but i 'm glad we did n't bomb assad . 
  isis would have taken more over without the syrian government , and isis is definitely worse than assad 's government . 
  i actually listed them in another comment , so i 'll just copy/paste : caucasus countries : sorry , not very interested in them , and too far from actual europe . 
  moldova : i 'm sure the culture is great , but the country is too poor for all i know . 
  kosovo/bosnia/albania : again , kind of poor , and ethnic conflict , or i 'm just not interested . 
  belarus : dictatorship cyprus : too far from actual europe , and probably too hot for my tastes . 
  turkey : bad government , and not in europe so not interested , though i 'd love to visit sometime . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  i do n't see why i would n't want to live in all the other countries . 
  sure , some may be too hot , some too cold , but i 'll live with it . 
  if i have a decent job ( for western standards ) i 'd love to discover another country like that . 
  hell , i would live in those other countries i mentioned , i just would n't be too excited about it . 
  i would n't mind living in most european countries , the choice to me was rather those i * would n't * really want to live in . 
  those include : caucasus countries : sorry , not very interested in them , and too far from actual europe . 
  moldova : i 'm sure the culture is great , but the country is too poor for all i know . 
  kosovo/bosnia/albania : again , kind of poor , and ethnic conflict , or i 'm just not interested . 
  belarus : dictatorship turkey : bad government , and not in europe so not interested , though i 'd love to visit sometime . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  i do n't see why i would n't want to live in all the other countries . 
  sure , some may be too hot , some too cold , but i 'll live with it . 
  if i have a decent job ( for western standards ) i 'd love to discover another country like that . 
  hell , i would live in those other countries i mentioned , i just would n't be too excited about it . 
  yeah . 
  for me it 's the opposite , i could just list the countries i * would * mind living in , because they 're far fewer . 
  france has had over 10 % unemployment since the damn 80s at least :p it 's just part of our normal state of affairs , whether our economy is growing or not . 
  well , partly , the crisis did n't hit france nearly as hard as other comparably-sized countries ( including the uk ) . 
  so we have less to catch up for . 
  but in the last quarter france had growth . 
  it just comes and goes . 
  we just do n't seem to follow many trends . 
  there was a whole scandal about his belgium episode , full of mistakes . 
  redditors on the belgian subreddit tried to have him correct his mistakes , but i do n't know if he has . 
  personally , i find his research to be lacking and thus got bored of his videos . 
  i 'd say it 's a nice channel for kids ... 
  thing is the french never say they 're `` the best '' or `` number 1 '' . 
  it would be preposterous for anyone to say that in france , whereas it seems like a common phrase in the us , though granted , there are also many in the us to mock that stance . 
  anyway , i meant i 'm a dual citizen . 
  french and american . 
  i 'm `` half '' because one parent is american , one is french ( i realize being american is n't an origin , but i did n't want to explain so i figured people would get it if i just said i 'm `` half '' ) . 
  but i 've always lived in france . 
  in france i 'd say most people do n't know about georgia , except by name . 
  a good chunk could n't place it correctly on a map . 
  i like to think i 'm pretty well-learned but i know hardly anything about georgia . 
  off the top of my head , i know it 's a caucasus country , was part of the ussr , that 's where stalin 's from , it has a pretty alphabet , there was a war recently with russia . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  looks interesting enough though , i remember seeing pictures . 
  i 'd gladly visit sometime . 
  overall , french people 's view of the us is mostly positive . 
  we still see it as a land of opportunity , we like their movies and music , and we have a certain fascination for the us . 
  we view them as allies , politically and militarily , despite their occasional exaggerated francophobia ( which ironically partially stems from the fact that americans think * we * hate * them * ) . 
  though it is n't rare for some french people to believe the stereotypes that americans are ignorant , lack taste , and are conservative . 
  and that they 're arrogant ( i know the french have the same stereotype , but i do believe americans are more guilty of that to be honest ) . 
  but yeah , overall we like america . 
  i 'm half american living in france and i never got shit for it . 
  on the contrary , people think it 's cool . 
  also we 'll get a chance to make up for our previous humiliation . 
  i think this time we can take germany . 
  actually , with the uk and russia it wo n't be much of a fight tbh . 
  thanks for such a useful explanation of your previous idiocy . 
  really helps understand what you were blathering about . 
  shhh , one left wing politician said something any european socialist * would * say about immigration issues , but that should n't stop people from generalizing about france , and referring to things france did when it was governed by the right , or invoking other completely irrelevant things . 
  stop being such an arrogant frog !, 
  do n't you understand your country is irrelevant now ? 
  stop speaking french !, 
  why are you so rude ? 
  the fn was never a neo-nazi party , or even fascist ( at least officially ... ) . 
  some of its founding members were ex-vichy , but others were ex-resistance or free-france , so it 's disingenuous to point out the first , and not the other . 
  at worst , it was a very typically french form of extreme nationalism ( pro-colonialism being the main issue at the time ) , in its beginnings decades ago . 
  as times changed , neo-nazi skinheads who appeared in the 80s and throughout the 90s supported the fn , because it was the only large party that was against massive immigration . 
  so they were seen in fn rallies , and the fn did admittedly use them as muscle/security , but they never endorsed them . 
  they used them . 
  the fn has only recently had a clearer political stance on most issues , and yeah , it 's pretty conservative on some key issues . 
  and offering catalan citizenship for the catalan regions in southern france . 
  good luck with that though . 
  we do n't let go . 
  we needed endless conflicts to finally let go of some useless colonies , so i 'll be damned if we let go of areas on our side of the pyrenees . 
  it 's not like there 's much catalan nationalism in southern france anyway . 
  however , let 's not get carried away . 
  it 's just one guy who said a controversial thing one time . 
  is that thing about the `` black irish '' being descended from the survivors of the spanish armada a real thing ? 
  i heard it on the tv show oz , but it sounds like the kind of myth that spreads around because it sounds cool , but is n't backed by anything . 
  i agree , those who grow up in better neighborhoods get to better schools . 
  there 's no doubt about it . 
  but apart from top teer schools , the rest should be quite equivalent . 
  but the reason i said `` they went to the same obligatory public schools as those who managed '' is because i 've had many colleges from `` bad neighborhoods '' , who simply applied to the same jobs as me and were pleasant enough to get the job . 
  a neighborhood is only bad because of the people who make it bad . 
  young teachers have to teach in `` bad '' neighborhoods , but they 're not necessarily bad teachers . 
  it 's quite the opposite . 
  they 're full of hope , eager to teach , but they get no respect . 
  at least that 's the feedback i get from my siblings who are young teachers . 
  `` how do i reach these kiiiids '' is n't just a south park joke .
