  so add one hour to get to the paris airport , and then one hour from the barcelona airport to the city center . 
  and plane rides are often less comfortable , less environmentally friendly , and more expensive . 
  i 'll also add the hassle of airport security , and cost or limit of luggage . 
  while i like heights , there is a better view of the landscape ( the pyrenees ! ), 
  from a train . 
  so 6,5 hours by train is n't so bad . 
  the article even says that time may be reduced to 5,5 hours in the next years , as one section of the tracks in southern france is being modernized to fit high speed train . 
  i felt 51 % approval was n't that great to start with , when it 's for sending people to kill and die for another country 's problems ( though granted , it 's in the best interest of france , and everyone else , that the region is stable ) . 
  i understand the falling support though . 
  we did mali . 
  ok , let 's help them . 
  now we 're going for the car . 
  french soldiers in their 20s died already , and their faces are shown in the news . 
  people are starting to wonder if the life of a french guy , who could easily be our next door neighbor , is worth it . 
  not to mention the cost , and the fact that the car has very distant ties to france . 
  i mean ; it 's probably the most distant ex-colony france has . 
  senegal , ivory coast , mali . . ok , those are well-known countries to the french . 
  many french expats there . 
  but the car ? 
  i would n't be surprised if most french people never heard about it before . 
  spain is like the third tourist destination in the world , in number of tourists , after france and the us . 
  `` eurovegas '' was too greedy , and missed a good opportunity to enter an eager market if you ask me . 
  they probably thought spain would give in to outrageous conditions considering its current difficult economy , but ultimately , it 's a loss for that company right there . 
  i 'm pretty sure the concept of a `` eurovegas '' would work in some sunny ultra-touristic european country . 
  cause the only casino havens in europe are limited in size and more or less ghettos for rich people . 
  i realize vegas-style is in bad taste , and not very adequate to european culture , but i 'm pretty sure there 'd still be a huge market for that sort of thing here . 
  1 ) when french companies legally obtained the rights to mine said minerals , and when african governments ask for help and france is happy to oblige because it has interests there anyway ... 2 ) no , the eu possesses the military capability to defend itself only because france , the uk and the us are here . 
  i do n't see why other countries should n't participate in the effort of having a strong military . 
  many eu countries have foreign interests and need a military to defend them . 
  france has been defending its oil and uranium interests in west africa against political instability since decolonization . 
  and it does positively affect france 's neighbors as well . 
  and the fact that the uk and france have an army to contend with actually does give the eu some leverage in difficult situations . 
  what if the us suddenly decides turkey can do what it wants ? 
  what would happen to cyprus if no eu country had any military capability ? 
  and i wo n't even mention russian pressure on eastern european countries . 
  while i 'm a dual french and american citizen , i totally disagree . 
  i have no problem with us-eu military cooperation , and i embrace it , but i certainly disagree with any european country delegating it 's national security to the us . 
  that 's outrageous to me . 
  i understand that a small micronation may delegate its defense to a friendly neighbor , because anyway it could n't do anything against an invasion , and has few interests internationally . 
  but that an otherwise capable nation relinquishes its defense to the highly interventionist and world actor , the us , which can often have different interests , is ludicrous imo . 
  the best thing charles de gaulle ever did as president was to tell the us army they can no longer stay in france . 
  i totally agree with this . 
  france has led its own foreign policy , sometimes the us agreed and participated , sometimes it did n't . 
  either way it allowed france the independence of doing what it felt was in its best interests . 
  now , certainly , there are some medium-sized countries in the eu with little international interests . 
  and surely , an eu army would be largely dominated by france and the uk , and perhaps germany . 
  thus any eu intervention using a euro army may be seen as the big three using the smaller countries ' resources for conflicts the smaller countries have no interests in . 
  but ultimately , there is a common eu interest , and currently , the smaller nations are just relying on the us on the one hand , and the french and uk armies on the other for their safety ( considering that without the latter , the eu would be practically defenseless ) . 
  a large army has a lot of leverage in geopolitics , including economics . 
  that 's pretty unfair for france and the uk in my opinion . 
  all eu countries should chip in accordingly . 
  it 's just the `` french people are rude '' circlejerk . 
  reminds me of that time when someone posted a story about a french guy being fired or thrown out of someplace because he smelled bad . 
  same circlejerk with one non-newsworthy story . 
  yes . 
  and my point stands . 
  catalonia has a better claim for independence with the cultural argument . 
  otherwise , i do n't really care about the financial one , especially considering catalonia is very far from being unique in that situation . 
  the only reason why economics is part of the argument is thanks to the actual , strong leverage that catalonia is culturally different . 
  without that , which is the most important thing , there would be no claim for independence . 
  maybe . 
  i do n't know the details . 
  my point being , i do n't think economic reasons are valid for secession , especially when it 's not that catastrophic for the people involved . 
  or else where 's the limit ? 
  the rich neighborhood of madrid could secede from spain . 
  or why not just one rich apartment building ? 
  catalonia has economics going for it , but what really makes the case for its secession , according to me , is its distinct culture . 
  in new orleans , usa , the rich neighborhood wants to become its own town , which will allow the people there to not pay taxes which would go to building schools and other public services to the poorer areas of the city . 
  there 's quite the uproar about this . 
  just food for thought here . 
  otherwise , i think catalonia has other valid reasons for independence , mainly that it has a reasonably distinct culture . 
  and i insist on that word , `` reasonably '' distinct . 
  also , buying products which are considered russian , but only those which are n't made by russia . 
  the spanish and french , and surely others , apparently make high quality caviar . 
  though it 's still kind of expensive :p but anyway , i 've hardly , if ever , seen a product which was labeled to be made in russia . 
  sending a low number of soldiers to prevent a civil war and local massacres in a religiously divided country with an elected person who was n't accepted by a large part of the population is exactly what the french did in the ivory coast just a couple years ago and it turned out fairly ok . 
  ultimately , the french government is n't about to spend millions on an intervention like that if they did n't have actual specialists , and analysts , to study the possible consequences and outcomes . 
  maybe they made a mistake , maybe something unexpected will happen . 
  but you 're just here giving the usual pessimistic opinion , fed only by the comparisons you hold , intentionally or not , with `` classic '' failures like afghanistan , or palestine and whatnot . 
  it depends where you intervene , and how . 
  in both mali and the central african republic , france intervened , or intervenes , at the request of the official government of these countries , to the cheers of most of the population , with the approval of most if not all sovereign nations , with a limited amount of soldiers and with a clear objective that the african union armies should take over in the peace process as quickly as possible once the main threats are destroyed . 
  iraq and afghanistan were a whole different deal as , for example , americans and its allies were rather perceived as conquerors invading and occupying a sovereign nation . 
  there are many very poor rural areas , with high youth unemployment and no public institutions for miles , and the state does n't pour money into those areas like they do for the banlieues , and yet there 's little to no crime . 
  in many banlieues , basic shops and stores used to be aplenty , but they all left when crime started to rise in the 70s . 
  basically , these places have become abandoned shitholes because of the youth there making it that way . 
  they still get a `` banlieue plan '' every year or so , which is millions of euros waisted on infrastructure they 'll eventually destroy in their next riot . 
  by minimalist covers , i rather meant [ things like that ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/64/camus23.jpg/220px-camus23.jpg ) . 
  i do however find your examples appealing , but those are pocket mass printing editions , and mostly apply to classic books which have already made their success . 
  i must agree , french books have a standardized , plain cover , which make them look too elitist , and frankly boring . 
  i myself hardly ever read a recent french novel ( the only recent french novels i 've read are perhaps some bernard werber books , who i like to call the french michael crichton ... and the promotion for his works is very anglo-saxon , meaning he has colorful books , and there 's actual marketing involved ) . 
  on a related note , my father is somewhat notable in france 's modern literature . 
  anyway , he assisted to the prix goncourt , which is the most notorious literary prize in france . 
  he told me how the winner this year won by a single vote , and thus everyone flocked to buy his prize-winning book . 
  meanwhile , the guy who got second place stayed there all day at his stand , and practically no one came to see him to buy his book , which had minimal publicity . 
  it 's sad to think how much the french people only feel bold to buy a french book if those pompous judges make it a winner , and otherwise , writers struggle . 
   he wants to remove biblical references in the public school curriculum and develop a course to teach children ethics without religion . 
  remarks like these just add fuel to people claiming there 's an anti-christian , gay atheist agenda . 
  i 'd rather prefer a heterosexual , christian-raised person do these sorts of things , and they have in the past . 
  oh , actually you 're right . 
  i just looked at it quickly .
