  now there 's a large socio-cultural debate around this . 
  but in essence , it 's not because you live in the suburbs of a big city that you 're out of the loop . 
  they could all go to university . 
  there 's no selection in university in france if you pass your high school diploma , and university is basically free . 
  the only people who have a hard time going to university are those living in the country , because the closest university is too far . 
  it 's not far for suburbian kids . 
  it 's a train ride away . 
  you say they ca n't go to university because their parents ca n't support them financially this long ? 
  ok fine , they can take pre-university courses , bep , or whatnot . 
  there are some good careers in that . 
  sometimes i regret not having been an artisan myself . 
  baker for example , especially if you were schooled in france ; with that prestige you can work all over the world and be valued . 
  if i wanted to be an armchair sociologist , i 'd argue there 's a mix of `` gangster '' culture , and the idea of making easy money , and the freedom we have , which condemns youths into devaluing proper work . 
  the state has nothing to do with it . 
  the state wants everyone to succeed . 
  the state does n't want `` no-go '' zones . 
  but some areas become no-go zones despite state efforts , despite very real , existing opportunities for those willing to seek them . 
  france does n't treat anyone `` like shit '' . 
  they get public school , they get social welfare . 
  they get medicare . 
  they just live in poor neighborhoods , because they 're poor , from poor families , with poor backgrounds . 
  we , in the western world , live in societies where there is wealth inequality , that 's a fact . 
  but the state does n't actively try to downgrade people . 
  the state wants people to succeed . 
  and france more than many other western nations spends a lot of money trying to revive poor neighborhoods with millions in the budget directed specifically at them and for them . 
  the state does n't want neighborhoods ruled by crime . 
  basically , op is talking shit with his fantasy of the evil western state-racism . 
  he could have just said that they 're poor and that 's why some may become criminals . 
  but stating that the country actively just treats them like shit is exaggerated . 
  to be honest i added this one as an afterthought just to make a longer list . 
  but i guess i would argue that when petty crime is treated with leniency , and hoodlums get a pass each time , this sort of leniency , though humanist , does n't get their respect . 
  maybe they 'd need some dose of `` tough love '' . 
  petty criminals may think of the penal system as a joke , which arguably leads to it becoming `` cool '' to get arrested ( since there are no harsh consequences ) , which leads to more antisocial and anti-state behavior , which could lead to outright more `` extreme '' stuff , like being a `` real man '' and joining an actual terrorist organization . 
  this argumentation kind of sounds over the top , but to be honest , i do n't find the logic unreasonable , especially considering many of these jihadis * are * street kids . 
  i 'm not necessarily an advocate of extreme harsh sentences though . 
  many other factors come into play . 
   the theories i pulled out of my ass, 
  the theories i pulled out of my ass : we have the most muslims in europe , which also favours a higher degree of non-integration for some muslims in tight nit communities . 
  france is very secular , which some muslims do n't take well if they 're culturally not used to it , which may encourage their extremism . 
  the penal system is lenient . 
  and , this may be controversial , but i feel there 's a lot of self-loathing in france , including in the educational system , which does n't encourage people to respect our western values , least of all people of immigrant background who may not want to be french as a result and will thus rather identify with fantasized rebel groups abroad . 
  we all have one , but we only know ours , and the american one ( paris hilton , kim kardashian . . ) . 
  the brits keep referencing agincourt like it was the greatest achievement of mankind . 
  we have an opportunity here to say that they accomplished nothing because the french king was just a fucking psycho . 
  it 's like `` wow , you defeated a special needs person '' . 
  do n't ruin this for us . 
  american movies often americanize historical events . 
  the great escape has the token yet prominent american characters , though in reality the escapees were british with some poles and whatnot . 
  the stallone movie escape to victory pictures pows winning a football match against german jailers , with stallone as the american goalkeeper , though in reality , the pows were all ukrainian . 
  it 's understandable though , cause those are american films which need an american character for their main target audience ( americans ) to identify with . 
  about the last samurai , i remember a character explaining to tom cruise that the modernizing japs recruited `` german engineers , french architects and * of course * , american warriors '' . 
  that * of course * is kind of cringy . 
  at the time , one would n't have gone to the us for that . 
  reality is japan recruited the french to modernize their army . 
  in paris , some caf\u00e9s usually just serve a complimentary small plate of salted peanuts . 
  sometimes when they want to get fancy , they can serve perhaps some olives or cheese on these little sticks . 
  personally , i usually do n't like to eat anything when i drink beer . 
  there 's some tabasco though , but i ca n't blame them . 
  i put tabasco in almost every meal i eat :p, 
  yeah , ok , i got it already ... and of course i know the name is german ... 
  yeah , surely . 
  but i do n't mind me some added potatoes or mushrooms myself , 
  i 'd say i like both equally in general ( depends on the toppings ) , but i 'll have one or the other depending on my mood . 
  right now i 'm in the mood for a flammekueche , probably because i 've been thinking about them now . 
  [ flammekueche ] ( http://a406.idata.over-blog.com/600x450/2/69/24/72/a-partir-de-mai-2012/flammenkueche.jpg ) is from alsace . 
  i feel it 's not well known outside france ( and perhaps the bordering regions of germany ) , although it should be cause it 's a great comfort food . 
  it 's like thin pizza , except instead of tomato sauce it 's cr\u00e8me fra\u00eeche , but otherwise the toppings can vary . 
  in france there 's a restaurant chain called flam 's , where you can get some unlimited . 
  i stuffed myself so much in those . 
   nature ? 
  scandinavia , ireland , scotland ... all these countries have like , one unique climate/vegetation type . 
  :p do n't get me wrong , they 're still pretty . 
   that the kouachi brothers attack on charlie hebdo was a false flag operation . 
  the north african corner store owner in my neighborhood kept me waiting for what seemed like an eternity while he blathered about how they were cia agents and other incoherent stuff . 
  i politely feigned interest in his batshit conspiracy theories . 
  i know too well you ca n't dismiss these claims to their face ( that is , conspiracy theorists ) . 
  they 're so sure they know it all , they 'll go on about it until you `` admit '' doubt to get away from them . 
  i mean in official / r/europe surveys , france is often amongst the most disliked countries ( but then again , it 's also among the most liked ... more or less ) . 
  i doubt that british people will systematically vote negatively just to joke around . 
  there 's no one to joke around to . 
  it 's all anonymous and drowned by other people 's responses . 
  unless they 're just scared france would beat them ... 
  alright , alright , `` enlightenment period castle-palace '' . 
  still a castle . 
  we invented castles , including the norman ones we built in england , so ai n't no brit gon na tell me wuts a castle . 
  inb4 france scores inexplicably among the last in favourably along with such great countries as belarus and vatican city . 
  then there 's a semi-presidential system , which is what france has . 
  there 's a president with actual power , and a prime minister ( named by the president usually ) and parliament or cabinet which makes legislature . 
  beyond that i ca n't pretend to understand all the differences . 
  smoking has been fought a lot in the last decade or two . 
  the prices of cigarettes rise regularly , there are gruesome images or texts on packages , a ban on smoking in indoor public spaces . . etc. 
  not to mention france is hardly the biggest smoker . 
  [ you 'd be surprised which countries smoke more ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_cigarette_consumption_per_capita ) , including the us ... 
  [ vineyard and castle perhaps ] ( http://hotelbordeauxcentre.com/img/cache/886a9f9edb12bdd4ac1d58f0283b6855/page_images/chateau_vin_bordeaux.jpg ), 
  some of these ex-soviet countries ' cities always seem to have tons of space and large empty roads . 
  all these ugly buildings are extremely spread out . 
  it must take forever to get from one side of the city to the other . 
  ( not saying it 's a bad thing , i 'm just used to dense cities ) . 
  czechs always prague about their porn . 
   would n't exactly say that it 's that , people are quite okay with communicating in english and using english lol , seriously though , in france we 're okay with communicating in english .
