  i mean in france pasta is usually on the side of the plate , it accompanies a main meat preparation . 
  that 's just how french dishes typically are . 
  meat with something on the side . 
  only rarely will the pasta be the central thing . 
  perhaps only when the pasta is a carbonara or bolognese . 
  i mean i 'm only half joking that it might explain belgium 's small numbers for pasta , cause you have national side dishes . 
  in france , we do n't really have a national side dish . 
  our foods are the main central dish ; ie the meat in the center of the plate , with its sauce or something . 
  on the side we can have anything , pasta , rice , salad , potatoes ... we do n't have one national side dish . 
  so we often opt for just pasta cause we have no national competition . 
  you have fries or brussel sprouts as side dishes to go with the meat . 
  do n't need no pasta . 
  does anyone know where one can find the individual images of every year ? 
  i 'm criticizing the fact that poland was a dictatorship , and that western democracies were strangely committed to it , and you 're godwin point-ing me ? 
  makes no damn sense ... 
  nothing you wrote here actually teaches me anything or contradicts what i said . 
  we declared war on germany on account of the invasion of poland . 
  i realize the phoney war was ridiculous . 
  i realize eventually poland was occupied by the ussr and we could n't do shit about it . 
  it does n't stop the fact that we committed to a war we did n't want to fight on account that poland was attacked . 
  as for poles fighting in other fronts , that 's a well known reality , but again , it 's polish fighters who fled to fight another day for poland . 
  it 's not poland going out of its way to protect france or britain . 
  it 's desperate polish troops integrated with allied forces . 
  like the free french in britain . 
  i 'm actually for france defending their eu/nato brethren more than most , but in the case of poland back in ww2 , the situation was very different . 
  but even back then , i 'm glad france , and the uk , actually did commit and declared war on germany ( did n't go too well of course , but still ) . 
  despite that uneven agreement with an unfriendly non democracy which never could have reciprocated towards us , and probably would n't have ( but granted , that 's speculation ) . 
  the point is , however , that some poles need to stop whining about this shit . 
  it 's fucking ridiculous . 
  every damn time ww2 or a potential ww3 situation is mentioned , we get a handful of comments like the one i answered . 
  we 're just damn sick of some polish people basing their attitude on western countries with that war 75 years ago where we actually did commit to that one-sided alliance with poland , yet you go on about `` treason '' regardless , or whatever gripe you have . 
  when did poland ever help france or britain ? 
  and did n't poland annex a part of czechia with nazi germany ? 
  do the french and british constantly think of germans as potential nazis all the time ? 
  no we moved on , we realize everything 's not black and white , we realize the geopolitical situation is massively changed since then . 
  yeah , one time in history some 75 years ago , dictatorship poland was attacked by two actual superpowers , and thus two western democracies had to join the war because they made the mistake of being in a one-sided alliance which only served poland 's purpose in the first place . 
  earlier in history , poland had been defended and recreated ( twice ) from its ashes by some western countries , but forget that . 
  the fact remains , we still joined the war , no matter how much you whine , and whine , and cry , and complain about it ... 
  i saw it on youtube already years ago . 
  perhaps 5 years ago at least . 
  so it 's just a recently stolen video . 
  the past tense for `` to split '' is `` they split '' , not `` they splitted '' . 
  edit : actually , that works for every tense . 
  also `` they will be split '' . 
  not `` they will be splitted '' . 
  it 's an irregular verb basically . 
  just fyi . 
  anyway , yeah , that 's basically the correct explanation . 
  i 'd say the most famous french composers are : * claude debussy * hector berlioz * jacques offenbach * and dare i say it ? ... 
  i thought it was a shame for the austrian anthem posted here , and it 's a shame for this post as well , that you post a version without lyrics , and with a very `` safe '' ( aka monotone/boring ) rendition of the music . 
  ideally i 'd rather youtube videos with the transcript of the lyrics ( for the anthems that have lyrics ... ) , and their translation . 
  i realize that much of the time the translations are n't very accurate on these youtube videos , but they at least give an indication of the meaning of the lyrics . 
  to be honest , if this series is only the basic tune with a 10 instrument orchestra , i do n't think i 'll waste my time listening to them . 
  i do n't mean to be rude . 
  just saying that presented this way , these anthems are n't very interesting . 
  at least to me . 
  i 'm assuming it 's for all european countries , and the definition of `` europe '' will probably be quite liberal here as usual ( and understandably ) , and will thus include turkey and caucasus countries , and perhaps even kazakhstan . 
  the louvre is the most prestigious museum in france , and perhaps the world ( a contender may be the british museum in london ? ) . 
  so if you visit paris , it would be a shame if you skipped the louvre . 
  not only are the collections phenomenal and very diverse , the building itself is a monument , and the museum lately has been `` modernizing '' its content . 
  the last temporary exhibition explored myths in our modern society `` from the greeks to darth vador '' . . etc. 
  so it 's not just an old museum gathering dust . 
  they 're trying to renew themselves . 
  otherwise , the centre georges pompidou is a modern and contemporary art museum which is very well viewed , though i have n't been since i was a kid , so i do n't remember much . 
   if only we could create a hybrid between northern european work ethics and social cohesion and southern european food and lifestyle ... 
  i feel part of the reason the food is better in southern europe is the lifestyle . 
  i mean in southern countries we value good products and thus take time to appreciate our meals ( hours upon end ... ) . 
  it 's being a `` bon vivant '' ( = appreciating what 's good in life ) . 
  in northern europe they do n't want to take time for this . 
  but to be fair , i 'd say a good hybrid of those two values is northern france in general . 
  take paris for example . 
  huge economic machine where people work hard , but with the benefits of good french food . 
  i 'd say northern italy has some of this too , considering they drive italy 's economy while being famous for their food as well . 
  in the northern half of france , people pretty much speak the same way , except if they 're from the deep countryside . 
  there , they may have a strong `` redneck-like '' accent compared to the norm . 
  but paris , lille , strasbourg , rennes , amiens , chartres , tours ( which is where the `` proper '' french accent is said to come from , not paris ) , all speak the same way . 
  i 'm willing the bet your friends were rather speaking in a `` bourgeois '' manner and called it the `` parisian accent '' . 
  agreed 100 % . 
  montebourg is a moderate , yet good example of a `` posh '' accent . 
  though it 's more of a way of expressing oneself , than an accent . 
  the intonation , the way the speaker holds himself even , makes it `` bourgeois '' , thus `` posh '' . 
  however , with the language reform there 's no '' - '' in `` popcorn '' anymore . 
   ma\u00efs souffl\u00e9 wow , i never heard that one . 
  but checking online , that 's in quebec apparently . 
  they 're much worse than we are . 
  i understand why they 're that way though , but people tend to group us together , although i feel france does pretty standard stuff in that regard . 
  yeah , think of all the scientific papers , modern litterature , philosophical essays , and business and economics thesis we 're all missing out on because we ca n't read the very useful arabic language . 
  we in the west would benefit from the production of knowledge coming out from these countries right now . 
  france has had feuds with england/uk , spain , austria and germany alike . 
  and has fought a shit-ton of wars in italy . 
  usually we say england is our greatest enemy . 
  i guess the feud did last longer with them . 
  but those other countries make a good second . 
  canal + is a channel owned by a private , multinational company , based in france . 
  i do n't know about that documentary , but the thing about private channels is that they 'll show whatever the fuck they want , as long as it 's legal . 
  be it pseudo-science `` documentaries '' or whatever , as long as that gives them views , they 'll show it . 
  but the country of ukraine is completely within their rights to ask a foreign private channel to not broadcast something , if they deem it wrong . 
  the move at least raises awareness that the documentary 's message is contested . 
  had they said nothing , people may have just watched it at face value without question . 
  now , some may watch that documentary with the added notion that it may not present some absolute truth somehow .
