  damn , i did n't think about south american countries ... and for some reason i did n't think of albania either ... 
  hence i forgot 3 . 
  but do n't other european overseas possessions border other countries ? 
  or are they all lone islands ( apart from that french/dutch island which thus does n't count ) ? 
  i used to go a lot to the pyrenees , lots of nice little towns . 
  luchon is now very touristy during the summer and winter seasons but it 's still a marvelous little place , and the surroundings are great . 
  really ? 
  out of the restricted five things to visit in paris , you chose the early 20th century mosque ? ... 
  if one needs to visit a religious site , i 'd rather recommend the notre dame cathedral or the p\u00e8re lachaise cemetery or something . 
  that mosque is way down the list . 
  a little , but mostly by the way they express themselves . . if that makes any sense . 
  especially when it 's young people i can tell easier , because young americans always go with the `` ummm '' after every sentence , they 're louder and more assertive , and have a nasal sound in their voice :d i 'd say the main difference though , is that brits seem to work harder on trying to pronounce things correctly . 
  i 'm not saying americans do n't , but their accent tends to be stronger , and in general they do n't seem to worry about it too much . 
  obviously , the brits are better at it due to britain 's proximity to france , so i 'm not trying to insult americans by saying that . 
  but technically , the accents sounds pretty much the same to me . 
  if i were emperor of the world , i 'd take a little pen and redraw many borders . 
  karabakh is armenian . 
  azerbaijan can take northern iran . 
  well , i 'd say the kind of snobby posh impression french people have of a british accent is pretty common as a joke here . 
  take this `` asterix in britain '' cartoon clip for example : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ik8ngwnjiro though this is n't the best example to demonstrate it , it 's the only relevant clip i could find on youtube . 
  i 'd say the french people 's take on the british accent would be similar to that of british people to the proper oxford/cambridge accent . 
  the british , whether from southern england or scotland and whatnot , have basically the same accent when they speak french , just how northern french and southern french , although their accents are very different in french , have basically the same accent when they speak english . 
  i 'd have to say the british have the funniest accent when they speak french , and i would agree the opposite is also true ( french speaking english ) . 
  in french , a british accent sounds somehow very bourgeois or posh . 
  portuguese accents tend to be funny too , german and scandinavian accents are moderately funny and awkward , slavic accents sound pretty cool , italian and spanish accents sound pretty . 
  i would n't know about the other accents . . sorry : /, 
  true . 
  i 've eaten frog legs only once in my life , and it was in some sort of summer camp , and there was an american chick there so we thought we 'd show her some french food . 
  hence , the only reason why i 've ever eaten frogs legs was to joke around with a foreigner . 
  however , i do eat snails extremely often , but otherwise , indeed , it 's not very common among french people either . 
  maybe because the us has stopped starting big wars , and is rather trying to end them . 
  and bush is now long gone . 
  but i personally never felt there was `` hatred '' per se , and i live in france . 
  some occasional criticisms , but in general most europeans like the us , we realize most americans are decent people , that they 're our allies , and we like their movies , music and products ... 
  so yeah , i would n't say there 's widespread hatred - but haters are always the most vocal on the internet . 
  you do n't see people posting dozens of consecutive comments on different forums and videos about how they love something . 
  only haters do that . 
  i think in london and paris , people are very accustomed to seeing beggars , not to mention the cost of living is extremely high . 
  so i 'm not so sure beggars make a decent living , at least in paris where i live . 
  but nonetheless , i 'm willing to believe that news report . 
  interesting . 
  wow . 
  that was damn sad . 
  moldova looks so barren and depressing too . 
  hopefully , as south-east europe develops more , romania in particular , the effects will spread to moldova . 
  i 'm not particularly against gun ownership , but what the us needs is stricter laws for the ownership of actual assault riffles and shit-tons of ammunition . 
  why would anyone need that much ammunition if it 's to hunt or defend themselves ? 
  they 're not going to eventually need to defend themselves against a swarm of zombies . 
  they may have a couple burglars coming in , and for that , one typically does n't need 50 magazines for their latest assault rifle . 
  close to 80 % of france 's electricity comes from nuclear plants , making it number 1 in the world in that domain . 
  that 's partly why its carbon emissions are relatively low , though they 're not that low compared to similar-sized and populated neighbors with a relatively equivalent economy ( germany , uk , italy ... ) . 
  what surprises me most though , is countries like canada and australia , with much lower populations than the richest western european countries , but their carbon emissions are grossly at the same level . 
  you did n't get it . 
  it 's mostly those who want mutliculturalism who call those against it `` racists '' . 
  for the same reason , one gets to be called racist when he criticizes islam . 
  yeah . 
  let 's ignore it and hope it just magically goes away . 
  calling cop\u00e9 a `` far-right '' is kind of a stretch . 
  he 's just in the same family as sarko ... 
  even the most conservative of the mainstream right wing , `` droite populaire '' , ca n't really be considered far right , no matter how much the mainstream left scream it out although they 're constantly in alliances with the real far left . 
  agreed . 
  the thought that so many european countries agree to accept massive amounts of unskilled workers from mostly backwards countries which did n't provide them with basic western ideals of human rights , gay rights , gender equality and whatnot , in countries which already have trouble integrating and getting jobs to its already massive immigrant population , is ludicrous . 
  it 's all happy and jolly to think that as europeans , as a softpower , peaceful land of democracy , freedom , equality , we ought to be helping out , open , and that multiculturalism is enriching . 
  but when someone gives me that rehearsed argument i just want to slap them in the face and tell them to wake the fuck up . 
  of course immigrants want to find a better life , of course it 's nice to let them in . 
  but ultimately accepting millions of unskilled people with a highly different mentality , and not assimilating them properly , is utterly insane . 
  oh please ... clearly you either have n't read the entire comment or you deliberately chose to be deceiving . . let me help you out :  when people come to london i would much rather people were amazed at the number of different cultures that can live happily here, 
  they want turkey to join the eu so that it does n't divide somehow ? 
  or are those just two unrelated statements ? 
  there are two things i disagree with . 
  first , i support an independent kurdistan to the detriment of the 4 countries sharing kurdish-populated lands . 
  otherwise , on a more objective note , the eu has fucking rules and does n't just accept countries because they 're in or close to europe and are economically viable . 
  those rules are human rights , liberties , equality ... etc. 
  if turkey is n't ready in those domains , it 's just not ready . 
  when and if it is , it can try to apply . 
  rich town . 
  rich people are douchebags , 
  i was answering a comment which basically said that tourists visiting london will like seeing the non-british side of it . 
  i 'm sorry , but not me . 
  when i 'm in tourist mode , i chose my destinations according to the actual culture that i want to see , and i do n't care about the immigrant neighborhoods in london . 
  i go to london so i can say `` that 's so english '' , not `` oh , that 's a good falafel - it 's just like the one i ate a week ago in paris '' . 
  see what i mean ? 
  my comment had absolutely , absolutely , nothing to do with benefits of immigration or not - it was about a tourist 's expectations . 
  but if you want to know , i disagree with current western european massive immigration politics , and i do think the harm outweighs the benefits . 
  but that 's a totally different subject , one i was n't talking about in the first place . 
  but then again , to be honest , france does have massively popular and well-known landmarks and prestige . 
  so in the end , it 's something hard to beat when it comes to tourism . 
  ps : and it 's not really true we 're unwelcoming . 
  that 's just paris . 
  and it 's not about being unwelcoming , it 's just that we do n't care , something people mistake for arrogance . 
  we 've seen tourists from all over , all the time . 
  you 're not fucking special . 
  `` oh , ok , you 're from new york . 
  - whatever . 
  that baguette and croissant is 2 euros - now move along '' . 
  actually , that trend of saying this or that western european country has `` always been an immigration country '' is the actual ignorance . 
  britain has largely stayed demographically the same since the norman conquest until the start of massive immigration in the 60s ... apart from previous and comparatively very small migrations of irish and french huguenots ( the latter coming to britain with actual riches and skills ) . 
  so basically , unlike your claim , which people say constantly and which in reality is total bull , no matter how many times they/you repeat it , for a millenium , britain 's demographic stayed pretty much unchanged . 
  i see what you 're saying , but at the risk of being insulted i 'll say this : when i visit sweden for example , i paid to visit sweden and immerse myself in swedish culture , not islamabad . 
  if i wanted to go to islamabad , i 'd pay for a plane ticket to pakistan .
