  that 's all . 
  but quit your ridiculous ww2 bullshit . 
  that 's not at all what i said and you know it . 
  americans also do this sort of emotional blackmail demanding eternal gratefulness for ww2 . 
  pretty ridiculous as well . 
  odin square , mountain hammer , rock star . 
  that 's pretty metal \\ m / ps : what 's up with `` awful village hospital '' north of t14 ? 
  lol, 
  most apologists for full face veils will tell you that women * chose * to wear it . 
  and i 'm pretty sure they can find a woman to testify that it 's their choice . 
  the problem for those of us who find face veils appalling is to convince that any woman who says she `` wants it '' is surely indoctrinated by what to us seems to be an extremely misogynist culture , very demeaning to women . 
  and it 's also quite demeaning to men too , like we ca n't control ourselves at the sight of a woman . 
  i think many cultures , modern and ancient , prove that men can stand the sight of a woman without going insane . 
  it actually seems that the more a culture tries to hide their women to `` protect them '' , the more they tend to go crazy for some exposed skin . 
  classic arguments against out pov include turning the argument against western culture , and pointing the finger at the veils nuns wear ( not comparable even to muslim headscarves if you ask me ) , or , my favourite , that in the west , women are indoctrinated to be sexualized . 
  as if the choice of exposing cleavage in the west is basically the same kind of `` choice '' as wearing a burka . 
  it somehow bugs me when entente soldiers in pictures of the western front are n't facing to the right . 
  * look out !, 
  the germans are behind you !, 
  which is crazy considering it was over 30 years ago . 
  france forgave germany for ww2 in less time . 
  perhaps the french government has n't apologized or admitted or something ? 
  just wondering why neo-zealanders are so angry about this after such a long time . 
  grudges like this are not typical of westerners usually , i feel . 
  damn , that 's an awesome idea . 
  you can tell it 's belgium on the right cause the road is less smooth / s, 
  that was n't my question , or my point . 
  i know there was n't any poland , and i know women were n't allowed in universities in the russian empire at the time , to no fault of the poles , admittedly . 
  but anyway , it 's not that important a debate . 
  and i 'll grant that it 's surely more important to poles , in a context where they did n't have a country or the means to project their identity and contribution to the world . 
  meanwhile france had no such issues at the time , so ultimately we 're speaking from different perspectives . 
  where did marie curie study science , and what country funded her research ? 
  she 's polish by birth , for sure , but that polish people refuse to even * share * her ( if i dare say so ) is ludicrous . 
  tesla is as much an american scientist as he is serbian . 
  but his achievements are , ultimately , american . 
  actually , i rather give a pass to americans , because their military history , while short , is good enough and they have n't been conquered by france . 
  i tend to give less of a pass to europeans because most europeans have been conquered or at least slapped around by france at one point in their history . 
  so it 's quite ironic that they feel they can joke about the military nation that has dominated them at some point in their history . 
  not to mention the france surrendering thing is originally an american joke . 
  europeans doing it are just basically americanized , and forgot actual european history . 
  you have no excuse for your ignorance . 
  europe is the most beautiful continent of all on a purely satellite view of the coastline sense . 
  it 's a large peninsula of large peninsulas . 
  like no where else in the world . 
  only south-east asia kind of comes close , otherwise the rest of the world seems to be mostly large curves . 
  not as interesting , 
  the paris-bordeaux high speed line is done construction now . 
  yay, 
  hopefully it does n't have a larger slavic friend . 
  well , in france in particular we have a hard time because in antiquity , those living here mostly spoke a celtic language , then these people were mixed with italics and spoke latin during the roman empire ( becoming gallo-romans ) , then they spoke a form of vulgar latin ( admittedly proto-early-french ) while being ruled by the germanic franks from whom we got the name of the country . . etc. . 
  in general we tend to consider that the french , as an identity , only started to make sense at the end of the first millennium . 
  we only started talking about the `` kingdom of france '' officially under philip augustus , in the late 1100s . 
  well , we consider him part of french history , however i do n't think anyone with minimal understanding of history would consider him `` french '' considering the french were n't really formed yet as an identity . 
  i would n't say he 's german either . 
  he was definitely germanic though . 
  and a large part of french history at first . 
  and then of german history eventually when those areas were conquered . 
  i 've always rather supported that countries within the eu unite to form larger and stronger countries/groupings , than divide into small units which would be unable to lead large projects on their own . 
  to put it briefly , i 'd rather a few californias than lots of arkansas . 
  well , i 'd argue that `` taken '' may be viewed as too complicated a word considering it 's a past tense . 
  96 hours are easy words , it evokes emergency , and reminds one of the `` 24 '' tv show . 
  that 's just my take . 
  in french it 's `` washer baby rat '' ( raton laveur ), 
  the reason is to use english words that more people are familiar with . 
  the english is sometimes kept because english is hip for young audiences . 
  for example , in france `` the hangover '' was changed to `` very bad trip '' . 
  cause no one understands `` hangover '' in france , but people are way more familiar with the expression `` bad trip '' which is used in french to signify drug overconsumption . 
  because it 's the gay pride around europe , and sweden and finland look like a cock and balls respectively . 
  so they 're highlighted to be noticed . 
  i assume that 's why they 're coloured . 
  just guessing cause i had already seen the sweden/finland = cock/balls thing . 
  it 's a poor p-ball that uses the circle tool . 
  germany only really started being the major economic eu power in the late 90s , if not early 2000s . 
  just sayin ' . 
  it depends where you are on reddit . 
  even today , if you 're on an american-dominated subreddit , your opinion against child circumcision will be downvoted . 
  they 'll mock you for caring about their dicks , which they find prettier circumcised . 
  sometimes circumcision is necessary . 
  it 's more visible at adolescence , if the skin is too tight and whatnot . 
  for medical reasons , parents should have a say . 
  but circumcision at childbirth , for no apparent medical reason , is completely ludicrous and should be banned . 
  worst of all , non-jewish and non-muslim americans do it , and not even for religious reasons . 
  just for cultural reasons invented less than a century ago . 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  plastic surgery is banned on children unless for medically approved reconstructive surgery . 
  any doctor who does n't have a circumcision bias will tell you circumcision is not necessary . 
  if this thread were n't in / r/europe , you bet your ass the main argument would be how circumcision is fine , even healthy and prettier !, 
  i mean it 's only funny when it has a base in reality . 
  if we were talking `` french welcoming setting '' , `` french politeness setting '' , `` french humbleness setting '' , `` french work ethic setting '' . . etc. . all those would work . 
  the french engineering thing , however , makes absolutely no sense when france is a leading nation in global engineering . 
  the symbol of france , that tower in paris you 've maybe heard of , is an early engineering masterpiece for god 's sake . 
  i 'm not saying this out of wishful thinking or to boast , i just know this to be true , french engineering is actually among the best out there . 
  with its highly competitive prep schools , and deep rooted culture for mathematics , france produces some of the most sought after young engineers in the world . 
  especially in europe , france is a leading force for engineering . 
  bridges , aeronautics , concorde , esa , high speed trains , nuclear reactors , you name it . 
  it seems this uneducated assumption of `` bad french engineering '' stems from the middle-class french car brands like renault and citro\u00ebn . 
  but that 's a market decision . 
  it 's not like french engineers could n't produce high end or luxury cars , if the big french car manufacturers could tap that market ... 
  compared to space exploration or nuclear physics , cars are easy business . 
  when i get any large object from amazon , whatever outsourced delivery company that is n't la poste calls me 10 minutes before they arrive at my building , in the middle of a week day , and expect me to be there .
