  anyway , hollande 's speech is truly off . 
  dieudonn\u00e9 hardly criticized judaism as a religion . 
  he insulted jews as a people . 
  apparently , the amount of cheese and pork p\u00e2t\u00e9 us french , dutch and swiss eat is n't enough to pull us down the list when it comes to unhealthy food . 
  i do n't think you should be downvoted . 
  that was a solid joke . 
  i liked it . 
  i always try to use the `` copper '' coins , and i always manage to get rid of them easily . 
  i do n't really see why so many people have a hard time . 
  a friend of mine once had 20 + euros worth of copper coins in a box ( yes , i counted ) , because since he ca n't manage to use them he just hoards them in a box ( i gather many people do that ) . 
  i offered to take that box from him and he accepted . 
  i 'm slowly using that box up . 
  basically , each time i leave the house , i take at least 9 cents worth of copper coins , just in case i might get to use the change . 
  it 's not that much of a hassle , and one can say i 'm doing my country a service by pumping these 20 euros back into the economy :d, 
  as long as it 's about regional and native languages of france , and not languages of minorities of immigrant background , i 'm all for it . 
  still , i think we can wait quite a while before breton independence becomes a majority opinion in the whole region ( and nantes , since some of these guys absolutely want to invent themselves a breton identity ) . 
  even considering how it 's quite a trend for the youth to be celtic or breton . 
  but ultimately , i feel the only regions which could grow a strong trend to independence are rather small in size . 
  brittany , corsica , pays basque ( i 'd say alsace has nowhere to go , and would n't want to be a sovereign nation so there are no `` worries '' there ) . 
  apart from brittany which would be the largest , the other regions would hardly be noticeable on a map to those who do n't really know french geography . 
  my first point you quoted was that i 've seen news reports about mayors boasting about how they built and gave houses for free to roma people . 
  sure , they were n't the best houses . 
  but the point being that we do n't give free houses to other immigrants , or even to french homeless people . 
  many people go on about how we should double our efforts to integrate the roma . 
  but i do n't think they should get special treatment . 
  they should go through the same processes and difficulties as everyone else . 
  the only reason why they get some preferential treatment in some circumstances is because they cause problems . 
  i do n't think we should reward their lack of effort . 
  in another comment , i suggested making france unattractive for romas , just like romania and bulgaria are unattractive for them now , so that the roma move on to another victim country , like sweden , until the whole process starts over in sweden , 
  no , actually , i have no idea what you mean . 
  the western european countries you mentioned are probably the least likely white majority countries to enforce white supremacist ideals . 
  for sure , i agree , there 's a lot of hypocrisy in the way some western politicians scolded romania and other countries about not integrating the roma well enough . 
  when france gets even more of them than it already has , and the people/electorate get even more fed up than they already are , politicians will eventually have to concede . 
  unfortunately , i do n't think there is any humanitarian solution to the situation . 
  there 's no way i 'd accept to pay more taxes to give the roma access to more benefits like free housing just because unlike every other immigrant community they tend to not even try to integrate . 
  as sad as it is , i think we should do like romania and others , and make france unattractive for roma way of life , until they have to move on to other more lenient countries and the entire process starts over . 
  respect for the great bulgarian and romanian people . 
  welcome to our community . 
  i 'd love to visit your countries some time . 
  unfortunately , paris is going to be an even bigger roma-begger paradise than it already is . 
  roma beggers outside every supermarket , bad musicians in every metro wagon , pick pockets all around . 
  a month ago , i was walking around along the banks of the seine river , near the beautiful alexander iii bridge , which is a very nice neighborhood . 
  i suddenly was surrounded by a dozen young kids handing me a pen and paper so i can sign my name and give money for their association for the deaf . 
  they were all distinctly roma , and all pretending to be deaf , all making some hand gesture for money . 
  where i actually felt bad , is that a few dozen meters behind me were a group of asian tourists enjoying their time , and they got swarmed as well by those phoneys . 
  so embarrassing . 
  i hesitated to call the police to tell them about it , so that at least these charlatans would run off for a dozen minutes . 
  but i figured it was useless anyway , and the police probably would have answered exactly that . 
   if countries like uk , france , germany or the netherlands intended to create an `` elite club '' of rich and white people only yeah , cause the percentage of whites in those countries is so much higher than in eastern europe , which is much more multi-racial . 
  oh , i actually should have mentioned clovis in my list of classic national figures . 
  he 's definitely regarded as the first king of what was to become france . 
  some people do say it 's `` myth construction '' , but to me that 's just pc talk . 
  like in many western european countries , ideas like `` national heroes '' and such are n't really encouraged anymore because patriotism itself is discouraged . 
  but clovis is definitely a national figure , as there 's a clear continuity from his kingdom to modern france . 
  also , since he was an early germanic convert to christianity , he 's the reason why france is often said to be the `` eldest daughter of the church '' . 
  people said that when the original euro notes and coins came out as well . 
  i personally prefer the new 5 euro note . 
  the designs are much better , as is the quality of the paper . 
  it looks like that new 10 euro note has the same qualities compared to the older one . 
  when it comes to monopoly money . 
  seriously , compare the old 10 euro and the new one , on that link . 
  the old one is bright pink . 
  the new one is more varied in color and less fluorescent . 
  clearly , the older note reminds one more of monopoly than the new one . 
  i personally like him , but i do n't think he 's officially considered a national hero like the others i 've listed . 
  well , i do n't know if you 're mocking me , but sure , there are a bunch of fictional figures as well . 
  hey , even mock figures from non-french medias like the pink panther , or pepe le pew . 
  there are honestly too many to choose from , be they political , military , scientific or intellectual figures . 
  i tried to list them , but there are so many , i feel bad that i 'm obviously going to forget some , so i deleted my extensive list . 
  i can however , list classic national figures of france . 
  vercingetorix ( not french , but a gaul , but still a national figure though in recent decades we 're told it 's not good to think of him that way ) , charles martel ( same deal as vercingetorix , especially since he beat the muslim invaders , and that 's not politically correct ) , joan of arc , jean moulin ( resistant martyr ) and charles de gaulle . 
  [ jozef poniatowski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%b3zef_poniatowski ) ( 19th century ) comes to mind when i think of great polish figures . 
  otherwise , marie curie and frederic chopin are also great figures our two countries share . 
  it 's funny to think that our countries , while not neighbors and separated by a significant cultural and political area , still have common `` heroes '' . 
  i do n't want to sound smug or anything , but here goes . 
  some people here have made good points . 
  a random bakery in france could very well be bad . 
  you could end up in a supermarket 's bakery corner , which is n't the most prestigious thing . 
  there are multiple bakeries in every street of paris , however small . 
  however , france is known for its bakery tradition , and french people are very demanding when it comes to their bread and pastry , all this pushing the general level up . 
  there is such a thing as a nation 's `` savoir faire '' . 
  france is known for its luxury products , and cuisine ( including pastries ) ; and with this i 'll transition to my strongest and most important point . 
  my strongest point is that france is internationally known for its bakeries and pastry tradition , and a baker 's cv would look better with `` apprenticeship in french bakery '' than with any other country . 
  a friend of a friend is a young baker , and got to go all over the world , working in different bakeries which paid top dollar , in dubai , the us , the uk , and argues that it 's partly thanks to him being french and having studied bakery in france . 
  also , since you 're canadian , knowing french might be more useful to you if you plan on living in canada . 
  the fn is regularly panned by the media , and some of its members fined for hate speech and whatnot . 
  i find the media 's focus on the `` quenelle '' is ridiculous , and i agree that it 's rather an anti-system gesture , and not specifically antisemitic . 
  i also do still find dieudonn\u00e9 hilarious . 
  and finally , i think the media created him . 
  they trashed him so much for that first harmless anti-zionist sketch , that he just went further and further . 
  however , i do agree he has made offensive remarks which go beyond the classic offensive comedians ' jokes - though it 's very difficult to determine the difference between offensive jokes and just nastiness . 
  for example , the `` shoah-nanas '' song , is mostly just offensive for the sake of being offensive . 
  to explain for those who do n't know , there 's a song that goes `` chaud ananas '' , which means `` hot pineapple '' , and dieudonn\u00e9 pronounces the first syllables like `` shoah '' , and he dances to it and gets the crowds to sing along . 
  that 's just basically laughing off the holocaust . 
  other comedians have made holocaust jokes which are fine , but here the intention seems rather poor in taste , especially since there actually is no joke there . 
  however , i think politicians and law-makers are the last people qualified and required to decide who is funny and who is n't . 
  and it 's dangerous that they do . 
  yeah , i realize it 's a name , franz , frank , france . . 
  i 'm just pointing out that the slovene coin has `` france '' written on it . 
  most of the time , when i try to figure out the country of origin of a euro coin , i look for the name of the country written somewhere .
