  it 's not because the us is an ally that it has to partake in conflicts it disagrees with . 
  congress had its cafeteria change french fries into freedom fries . 
  you still do n't understand that iraq had nothing to do with 9/11 ? 
  france was right there with the us in afghanistan . 
  but it does n't have to follow the us everywhere , and that does n't mean it 's not the us ' ally , despite your ignorant way of seeing it ( but i guess since that 's how congress acts , there 's some bad influence going on ) . 
  would have *, 
  i do n't see when the same thing happened to france . 
  for mali , everyone agreed for an intervention , but were n't willing to commit . 
  and the french parliament never renamed `` american sandwich '' as `` freedom sandwich '' . 
  :p we 're not a bunch of 5 year olds . 
  holy shit ... france helped in afghanistan . 
  france did n't help in iraq because it disagreed with the invasion . 
  everyone knows iraq was n't at all responsible for 9/11 , and the us just wanted oil , and were encouraged by the military-industrial lobbies . 
  but the most important thing you need to understand is that allies are allowed to disagree . 
  if the us ca n't take it and would rather act like children it 's their problem . 
  what countries do n't do is insult its allies when their allies disagree , and that 's exactly what the us did , and what you 're continuing in your own way . 
  were you around in 2005 when this argument happened ? 
  because the us was so much in the wrong , i ca n't believe there are still people today who are defending the american position here . 
  all your politicians flipped around a long time ago . 
  it does make a war worse . 
  it 's part of the age old concept of casus belli . 
  afghanistan was justifiable , for example . 
  also , i love how americans keep saying that france had other reasons as if that 's a counter argument . 
  let 's reduce france 's position to that alone . 
  it does n't take away the fact that they were still on the right side of the argument , and did n't blatantly lie . 
  if you ask me , us politicians who are now pretending they never were for the invasion of iraq should apologize to france for how they pushed for francophobia , boycotts and economic sanctions against france , just because we dared disagree with you . 
  but i guess , history proving france right is enough of a reward . 
  the politicians decide but do n't go to war themselves . 
  why would they give a shit about sending other people to war ? 
  of course it took much more courage for them to lead the un in going against the us ' illegal war , rather than being the us ' bitch , like the uk and poland were . 
  regardless , france did go to afghanistan , and regularly uses its military . 
  it 's not like france is scared of using it . 
  it probably uses it the most after the us . 
  so that argument is irrelevant in the first place . 
  you 're hilarious . 
  kind of how the us ran out of inexperienced 18 year old idiots to enlist to fuck everything up in iraq , and thus just abandoned the country in the shithole it created . 
  i guess we must agree on that . 
  with some logistical help , mostly for financial reasons , from a few other countries . 
  fighting terrorism in an intervention everyone agrees with but is too scared to participate in ( except france ) , does n't pay for itself . 
   france re-joined around 2009 . 
  so are you just agreeing with what i said ? 
  france has for a long time been out of nato . 
  sorry i did n't spell it out for you and said `` and only recently rejoined when we had a pro-american president '' ...  no it 's the begging for help that does . 
  the us could n't handle france disagreeing with its invasion of iraq . 
  cried like a baby for years until it realized france was right all along . 
  france was on and off in nato . 
  has long been out of it . 
  that 's a very poor example , considering france overall has a very independent foreign policy , which pisses off the us to no end . 
  argentina is ancient history . 
  france went out on its own and reconquered enemy territory the size of france a year or two ago in mali . 
  it 's not because france was so good at it that the conflict was quickly over that it was n't a real conflict . 
  maybe france should have been less good at it so that people would have noticed a highly professional and experienced military which knows exactly what it 's doing , unlike that fiasco in iraq . 
  france has huge experience , and in particular recently , since the 90s . 
   vietnam the us left vietnam despite the viets having been at war with the french just before the us tried . 
  that 's even worse . 
  you could n't even subdue an already wartorn country !, 
  also it took much more courage to stand as a leader against us imperialism than to blindly follow the us into that illegal war in iraq . 
  also the french did go to afghanistan , and france is currently , after the us , perhaps the country the most prone to use its military in foreign conflicts . 
  yeah , cause `` french people '' is actually one person who 's supposed to have one consistent opinion . 
  idiot, 
   does sea borders count ? 
  in that case , my favourite neighbour is australia , though i hesitated with mexico , and madagascar . . ^ ( muh empire . . ), 
  seriously though , they have territorial claims on french guiana . 
  quite big ones too . 
  i 'd love to see them try . 
  some 50.1 % voted to stay part of canada , and those included the anglos who live in quebec ( 10 % or so ? 
  ) , and the immigrants and natives/aboriginals who likely tend to not care for quebec independence . 
  so i 'd wager most french-canadians in quebec were for independence considering how close the vote was , and how french-canadians are n't the only people who voted , and the other people who voted likely voted `` no '' to independence . 
  but i would n't say quebecers hate anglo canada . 
  fuck it , what do i know ? 
  i 'm not canadian . 
  just pulling shit out of my ass again . 
  it 's hard for french considering the english language borrows so many words . 
  if it were n't for that , i 'd have mentioned suffixes ending in '' - tion '' , '' - aire '' , '' - ique '' , '' - ette '' , '' - enne '' . . 
  yeah . 
  also there are some pics of la d\u00e9fense / puteaux , which are fine to walk around and live in . 
  i ca n't say i know the south very well , but i 'd wager football is still more popular , even in the south where , indeed , rugby is very popular . 
  though i 'm inclined to say rugby may get more casual popular support during the 6 nations cup and world cup . 
  tennis is definitely very popular , but not `` trendy '' for the masses who otherwise do n't care for the sport , like for rugby . 
  also , handball may fit somewhere at the end . 
  me too . 
  i 'm so used to these maps showing how europe is small compared to other countries , that i actually imagined syria/iraq to be much larger . 
  but apparently , they 're fairly comparable to medium sized european countries . 
  germany leads eu policy in condemning the us bombing of romania . 
  the us military promptly renames their `` german sheppards '' as `` freedom sheppards '' . 
  and france is a more important military ally than either , because it got some baby !, 
  `` we 're a judeo-christian country of white race '' . 
  that 's almost verbatim a quote from charles de gaulle back in the day . 
  uh , i live in paris which is the most touristic city in the entire world ... `` the main business '' in your comment implies to me that tourism accounts for most of the economy ( ie above 50 % ) . 
  that 's extremely far from reality in all european countries , let alone their capitals . 
  the world tourism organization considers it 's dangerous if tourism accounts for more than 12 % of a country 's ( or region 's ) economy . 
  those numbers exist for countries like tunisia , or countries in the caribbean . 
  mostly underdevelopped countries with little business or industrial output . 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say tourism in cities like berlin and amsterdam perhaps account for 6 % of the economy . 
  that 's already a huge number . 
  that 's perhaps more than other sectors , but i 'd still imagine that services and business are larger parts of the economies of these capitals than tourism is . 
  i 've started going to work by bike a couple weeks ago ( i live in paris ) . 
  it takes 30 minutes , actually faster than the metro ( which takes some 40 minutes ) . 
  i ca n't believe i have n't been doing this since long ago . 
  paris is n't extremely bike friendly ( hopefully , that will improve ) , but i get by , and it 's really awesome .
