  basically , if france yielded on the language issue , in the current geopolitical situation ( if they yielded , there is no guarantee the eu would unite more anyway ... ) , they would deserve to be called strategic idiots , because they would have just shot a bullet on their own foot . 
  it 's not hard to understand , and makes perfect sense . 
  what country are you from ? 
  france is the main creator of the eu , and still amongst those defending further integration the most . 
  but yeah , it does n't yield on language , especially in a context where france and germany are the driving forces of the eu , and language is not at all a short term interest , it 's crucial and for the long run . 
  but in the end , france is n't the only country like this . 
  i remember a few weeks back an article about a maltese politician or something complaining there was n't a translator in parliament so he had to speak english . 
  the difference is that france has more leverage for that sort of thing . 
  i ultimately agree a common language should be used , and english seems to be the obvious solution , but i understand france 's defensive position , it 's totally normal . 
  i said `` stop learning french '' as in people in foreign countries would n't learn french , or ( to be more modest , since apparently i need to spell it out ) would learn it less since once we 've yielded to english as the international language , the french language would loose more of its importance , and fewer people would learn it . 
  obviously , a country wants people around the world to learn their language . 
  anyway , i do n't think you understand what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying france is n't about to yield and accept english as the lingua franca in every international instance , be it military , political and whatnot , and that is due to france 's unique position within the eu and the world . 
  every other country in its position would do the same . 
  it may be practical and pragmatic for you , but it would downgrade france 's position even further if it yielded . 
  so again , it would be totally stupid for france 's interests if it gave up and just accepted that everything needs to just be done in english . 
  it 's pretty easy to understand . 
  france has more at stake on the international scene than denmark for example , which is why denmark does n't mind using english , and france does . 
  i 'm fluent in english and french , but ultimately i agree . 
  hear me out . 
  the english soldiers sent to mali to train malian forces speak french to them ... 
  there are always ways to accommodate . 
  most military terms in english are of french origin , so maybe that 'll do :d more seriously , the two big armies in europe are the uk and french armies , and they 're pretty much equivalent , so it 's hard to see the french lower their status to the benefit of the uk army . 
  now people from all over europe tend to just want to submit to the english lingua franca already , and they criticize the french for not yielding as fast as other european countries have , mocking the french for hanging on to some lost status , but in truth , if other countries were in the position of france they 'd act the same ... 
  but their countries , be it sweden , slovakia , slovenia , portugal . . etc. . ( no insult intended ) do n't have an active , relatively strong and especially independent foreign policy like france has . 
  france is a fairly big economy , with an independent foreign policy , and its own unique sphere of influence which it does n't share with other eu members . 
  what 's finland 's status in west africa ? 
  france is in the eu , and one of the strongest defenders of further integration and whatnot , but it certainly would be geopolitically idiotic for france to just give up and say `` ok , let 's just use english , stop learning french , we yield '' . 
  no country the size and ( past ? ), 
  importance of france would shoot a bullet in its foot like that . 
  not to mention the uk 's tendency for euroskepticism kind of makes it hard to swallow english as the eu 's lingua franca . 
  finally , the ancestral eu started as a project which the uk was not a part of ( i 'm happy they 're in it now , but come on ... ) . 
  i think she may have watched too many medieval fantasy films or shows . 
  her letter seems straight out of an allegiance to some king that we sometimes see in movies . 
  indeed , and smart companies definitely understand that establishing themselves in growing economies is a smart move in the long run . 
  there 's a huge difference between protectionism and conservatism . 
  those are totally different words with different meanings . 
  i guess i was right to assume that you did n't see that difference in your previous comment . 
  protectionism gives a product a fighting chance to be visible , but the product is given freedom to change as much as it likes , and still obeys market laws . 
  to give a gross example , french movies can go for 3d , they 'll still benefit from protectionism as french products , they 're not forced to stay 2d by conservatism ... 
  he speaks better , and his accent is better than most of french politicians ' appallingly embarrassing english . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=julmkvvfyda :d, 
  the francophone population is still big enough for french movies to become blockbusters . 
  and many highest grossing films in france are french . 
  i do admit though that there 's a huge number of french movies , made with little budget which are n't huge successes , but the little budget coupled with the `` protection '' of the french movie industry ( ie , theaters are forced to show a certain percentage of french movies ) help these films get their money 's worth . 
  just to clarify , we 're talking about protectionism , not conservatism . 
  european culture , in arts and whatnot , can evolve and change , however through some form of protectionism it is given a fighting chance to be visible , especially against super massive american productions which have all the money to bulldoze itself into the european market , and already does . 
  people often say our market should be more open and free like the us , but the fact is the us uses protectionism a lot in its market , and there 's nothing wrong with protecting its economic and cultural sectors . 
  oh , i thought that only started two or three years ago , and was exceptional . 
  i do n't really follow the parade . 
  i 'm all for the parade , i think it 's pretty cool and unique , and badass , but i simply do n't watch tv so i 'm pretty ignorant about all this . 
  i should go see it in person some time . 
  she 's actually not a `` lunatic '' , and a rather intelligent and sensible person . 
  being in the `` far-right '' does n't make one crazy . 
  she 's far from the lunacy of other `` far-right '' parties in europe , like the npd for example . 
  that made me laugh :p, 
  is it planned that german troops parade again ? 
  i 'm all for it . 
  it 's more like tough love . 
  we 're not about to admit we 've been overtaken by those damn anglos as a superpower . 
  that would be so unfrench . 
  we have our own foreign policy and dangit we 're sticking to it !, 
  ` rance : relevant !, 
  i 'd like to say thank you , but we build our own nukes and do n't want dem ` murican military bases on our territory . 
  we leave it to our neighbors . 
  i stumbled on a few of these new 5 euro notes by now . 
  actually , i have one in my wallet right now . 
  i think they look pretty cool in the end . 
  they seem thicker , and you can feel some of the lines/drawings on it with your fingers . 
  or the french one . 
  at least with you guys people will only complain about the economy . 
  it 's not that personal , every country lived a crisis . 
  that former skinhead speaking was part of an awesome o\u00ef band in the 80s called evilskins . 
  it 's a rac band , but most of their lyrics were n't political , but were just about being skinheads and shit : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn_yhd5uit8 anyway , for those not staying informed about that story , it seems , according to witness accounts , that the antifa were threatening the skinheads , taunting them and told them they were waiting for them outside of the building . 
  one skinhead apparently held his little finger up towards an antifa , basically dismissing them because he considered they were too skinny to deserve a fight . 
  anyway , the skinheads apparently still waited for the antifa to leave them alone , but finally went out , and that 's when the fight broke . 
  antifas tend to hate even mainstream right wing people , or even center people . 
  i have little sympathy for antifa . 
  i 've seen antifas physically attack young girls who were distributing mainstream right-wing flyers in front of my university . 
  not to generalize , but from my experience with them , the `` antifas '' are just as fascist as the enemy they claim to fight . 
  if a typical antifa was in power , you may as well prepare for the gulags because that 's where a big chunk of the population which `` does n't embrace the proletarian revolution/utopia '' will be headed with extremist leftists like these in power . 
  edit : there 's nothing wrong with being anti-nazi of course . 
  what i 'm saying is that these `` antifa '' , `` black blok '' , `` redskin '' groups tend to have other things down their sleeves than simple `` antifascism '' . 
  here 's the thing . 
  when you 're just a kid who wants to play cowboy by being an `` antifascist '' , whose sole goal is to stand in the way of `` neonazis '' or `` far-right groups '' who often have a lot of experience in street violence , or in being `` raided '' by other antifascists , you should expect to get your ass kicked in some of the fights you 're looking for , and sometimes ( rarely ) to death . 
  i 've heard many first hand accounts of guys from paris who got their ass beat just as violently by `` antifascist '' groups . 
  they 're just lucky to have survived the beatings ( the media probably would n't have made it a sensation though , since the attackers were n't the fantasized neonazis ) . 
  one guy i knew victim of antifas needed metal plaques implanted in his jaw and skull to repair the damage . 
  another one got held down and hit in the crotch so much that one of his balls `` exploded '' and had to be removed . 
  this `` antifa '' kid was unlucky . 
  it 's basically involuntary homocide during a fight which according to the reports seems to indicate that he and his antifa group partly provoked . 
  he 's `` unlucky '' as i said because fights between `` antifa '' and `` fascists '' are pretty commonplace in paris , they happen all the time and thus usually never make the news , but some are bound to result in a death once in a rare while . 
  but obviously , by definition , the `` antifa '' are the ones who mostly get in the face of the `` fascists '' and stop them doing their thing , to `` hunt '' them as they say themselves , since it is their basic function . 
  the media 's bias is pretty incredible though . 
  i can think of two `` fascists '' who died in recent years . 
  one was julien quemener , a football fan who got shot by a police officer , and the media just slandered him as if he deserved it ... although actually , the police officer shot a guy with an arabic name , the bullet went through that guy and killed julien who was behind him . 
  police officer got off free . 
  julien 's reputation was slandered , and there was no political indignation . 
  more recently , another `` fascist '' football fan was beat to death by an opposing hooligan group which is typically composed of leftists and minority delinquent-types . 
  no media indignation here either .
