  i 'd be damned if we let them damn swiss take it without a fight , 
  we 'd may as well freely give the iberian football league the eurocup every 4 years , rather than wasting time and money on the european championship . 
  [ i beg to differ . 
  ] ( http://www.f1-express.net/perso/departements_francais_premier_empire.png ) arrogant belgians , always want to claim what should be ours . 
  yes , but it does n't really explain why the region needs sorting out . 
  choose austria . 
  we know you want to , 
  ah , no , i meant you ca n't pick a territory from a neighboring country . 
  you have to take the entire country . 
  for example , france ca n't just take the obvious wallonia ( french belgium ) , it would have to unite with the entire country of belgium . 
  you see ? 
  however , as i said in the title , it would be preferable and more realistic if you unite with a neighboring country . 
  but it needs to be the entire country . 
  how did you break the rules ? 
  and me ? 
  yeah , as a frenchman i hesitated between a union with the uk or germany , but i figured the british are too difficult to handle , with all that `` we 're not really europeans '' debate that has been going on since the uk joined the eu . 
  but [ there have been talks ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-british_union ) about a genuine political union between france and the uk . 
  well , britain did n't really steel normandy from france , normandy stole britain from itself , which is grossly why normandy was thus british in a way :p, 
  yeah . . and perhaps you can understand that this is a game , a hypothetical scenario - ie not reality . 
  however , the eu is slowly pushing to a federal state , with ups and downs , so it 's not that much of a stretch of the imagination to reduce the eventual goal of the eu to just two countries uniting , just for funzies . 
  well , not really , but it 's still a well-known slur . 
  but i 've never heard anyone use it unless for a joke . 
  the french largely have no animosity against the germans , and realize `` boche '' is an antiquated term . 
  may i add : italian : rital ( which is simply a deformation of `` italiens '' , was very derogatory . 
  it was used to call italian immigrants . 
  now it 's not so derogatory really ) portuguese : portos russian : russkoff ( sounds more russian ... ) pole : polak, 
   and about the apocalypse ? 
  `` it will all end in 4.5 billion years , '' putin said . 
  `` the sun 's [ nuclear reaction ] will end , but before that it will turn into a white dwarf ... 
  i do n't believe the world will end this year . '', 
  good answer putin . 
  good answer . 
  if you 're a male , and you 're offered a fuckton salary to stay a couple years in some saudi mansion , in a rich-ass region where everything is provided for you , just to publish a few papers in their university so they can claim it theirs , you 'd be crazy to refuse it . 
  edit : not to mention if they offer to fund a research you 're fond about as long as you teach a few classes in their university and publish in their name , a devout scientist will take the opportunity to get his dream research funded . 
   mr valls made clear that this was not an anti-muslim exercise , but would cover all religious extremists . 
  he mentioned the ultra-traditionalist catholic group civitas , which has aligned itself with the fascist front national party . 
  the front national is n't a `` fascist '' party and it 's ridiculous to say it is , making this entire article pretty much not reliable to me . 
  also i like how he 's tripping all over himself to say it 's not `` anti-muslim '' . 
  the man 's terrified to pass off as islamophobic , but does n't care about denouncing catholics like they 're dangerous by nature . 
  i personally did n't see a catholic guy shoot up jewish kids a year ago - even though the medias and politicians obviously blamed the nationalists before we knew it was actually the doings of a muslim extremist . 
  i remember `` intellectuals '' clearly saying that they were disappointed it was n't the doings of a nationalist extremist . 
  saying they were annoyed that the killer was a salafist . . 
  that link is glorious . 
  you 're such a fucking cry baby it 's ridiculous . 
  you want sources ? 
  i 'm kind of lazy but if you specifically ask me , i will find you sources which specifically say that these asians protested because they were sick of being robbed by africans . 
  do n't blame me . 
  it 's their protest which was `` racist '' . 
  i 'm just mentioning a reality and your political correctness ca n't change this . 
  yeah , same here . 
  the first important asian immigrants in france were vietnamese escaping the war in indochina , escaping the communists . 
  they were the `` loyalists '' and came here thankful to find refuge . 
  later on , france accepted other asian immigrants like chinese who did n't really have any historical link to france but still , they 're not problematic at all comparatively speaking . 
  the thing is that north african immigrants also came to france after ww2 either to find a job or because they were loyal to france in the algerian war . 
  the first wave of immigrants were happy to be here , and thankful . 
  it 's actually their children who started causing problems . 
  perhaps an identity crisis or something ... but that mindset spread and now there 's this `` youth '' culture of basically being a fucking nuisance dickhead , which is prominent amongst people of african or middle eastern origin , but is n't amongst asians . 
  sad but true . 
  far east asian immigrants in europe tend to keep to themselves , and stay quiet . 
  it 's funny because on the one hand they tend to be the least-integrated immigrants of all , yet they rarely demand anything or cause any troubles . 
  here in france , there have been asians for a while now , and still we do n't hear much from them . 
  they 're not rioting or asking for more representation in the senate or whatnot . 
  they just hold their restaurants and shops , and ethnic neighborhoods , but that 's it . 
  the only time i saw asians protest in the streets in paris was to complain about insecurity , because they 're a privileged target for `` youth '' arab and african delinquents ( i 'm not trying to be racist here , it 's just fact and i can provide news sources to these asian protests if someone asks ) . 
  yeah lol , poutou was `` cute '' in his own way . 
  otherwise , that 's why i liked m\u00e9lenchon at first . 
  for his anti-system discourse , but then sometimes [ he gets out of hand ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rck4cicxva4 ) so his way of doing things and addressing issues just becomes annoying . 
  i was n't talking about hollande . 
  i was talking about m\u00e9lenchon . 
  no one here even mentioned hollande , and of course hollande has no charisma and whatnot . 
  ca n't blame the man for doing the reasonable thing ( stocking up that fine french food ) . 
  i 'm off to my kitchen to open up that fresh stinky camembert . 
  ca n't resist anymore . 
  for france i 'd say the best is food and culture . 
  as for the people , they are n't that bad and i 've grown sick of that stereotype so ingrained that even french people say it and get upvoted for it . 
  we do n't have over 50 % who do n't believe in evolution ( looking at you america ) , we do n't have women being molested by crowds of men ( looking at you egypt ) . . etc. 
  in france , we elect people for their worth , not because they show off their wives and kids and pretend to be cool people . 
  anyway , for me the worst is all the administrative bullshit which makes everything difficult to do . 
  agreed . 
  i used to like him more or less at first ( though i would n't have voted for him or his party ) for being outspoken and all , but after time it simply turned into extreme aggressiveness . 
  he almost reminds me of a robespierre type . 
  he 'd have chopped many heads during the revolution . 
   [ do you recall ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1kvgtenaby ) what clemenceau once said about war ? 
  he said war was too important to be left to the generals . 
  when he said that , 50 years ago , he might have been right . 
  but today , war is too important to be left to politicians . 
  they have neither the time , the training , nor the inclination for strategic thought . 
  agreed . 
  a pity his political life ended on a failure . . 
  i feel bad for him :( however , if we 're going to quote him , he 'd probably be considered `` far-right '' by today 's standards considering not only his very strong nationalism , but certain quotes from him about the necessity of preserving france 's ethnic quality , and avoid muslim immigration . 
  as a frenchman , and knowing our stereotype , affairs are a big deal . 
  i 'd say just as much as in the us or any other western country . 
  perhaps there are more affairs than in the us , i do n't know , but they 're still a big deal . 
  otherwise yeah , i think it 's safe to say parents tend to not be very strict . 
  i was allowed to watch everything i wanted on tv since basically birth . 
  as a pre-teen , i 'd watch x-files with my dad and other scary shows ( it still scared me , but there was no issue about me being too young , it was tv nights and that 's what we all wanted to watch ) . 
  i got to watch r rated movies , like the terminator at 7 or so , and things with sex scenes and nudity , and it would just be the typical thing where my dad jokingly does a `` whooo '' and i immaturely laugh at how disgusting it is or something . 
  at 16 my parents let me move in with my 17 year old brother in a little apartment they owned but were n't using . 
  also , in france at least ( and other countries , but i know some are stricter in that regard ) we can say a bad word on tv any time of the day and it wo n't be a national scandal . 
  so i 'd say most of europe is more open than the us in general , but some areas in the us which are n't conservative are just as open in everyday life ( they just still ca n't hear `` fuck '' on tv before 10pm or something . . ),
