  it 's nice that a team represents their country with players who are actually from that country , or at least citizens of it . 
  makes it more genuine . 
  now for cities , it 's harder to do that as the criteria `` born in '' may be too restrictive . 
  but citizenship is the next best thing . 
  currently there are no restrictions . 
  so basically you 're betting on which club has more money . 
  not which region produces the best players . 
  clubs buy off players from the other side of the world for millions . 
  i 'd rather feel represented by my team . 
  there 's no nationalism or regionalism in there , as opposed to globalisation . . 
  it 's just about watching the players and thinking `` that 's our local boy '' . 
  there 's a stronger connection , which would make me feel more invested in their successes or failures . 
  i know you brits do n't follow handball , but in the last world championship , qatar , which has no prior history in the sport , bought good players from all over the world to play for its national team ( the restrictions with nationality are n't as severe in handball ) . 
  by basically just throwing money at people , qatar reached the final of the competition , and thankfully france beat it , but it was a close call . 
  the whole deal was a complete disgrace . 
  wow , that 's pretty amazing for a good team . 
  i wish city teams would at least limit their players to nationals . 
  it would be more meaningful imo . 
  and all these foreign-born players are like `` wow , spain 's fucked up man . 
  i just play football . 
  sarkozy never said `` vous \u00eates des racailles '' ( you are thugs ) . 
  he was campaigning in the suburbs , some arab woman yelled at him `` we 've had enough of these gangs of thugs ! '', 
  and he answered `` you 've had enough of these gangs of thugs ? 
  we 'll get rid of them '' . 
  i 'm no supporter of sarkozy in the slightest bit , but this whole `` racaille/thug '' controversy is completely out of proportion . 
  perhaps , a presidential candidate should n't use the word `` racaille/thug '' , because some eternally offended people decided the word is controversial for some reason . 
  i do n't think he should have gotten heat for it . 
  now surely , the perception was worse within the context of his hard line on crime ( hard line in words only btw . . ) . 
  but still . 
  `` mr gorbatchev , open those iphone stores ! '', 
  - ronald reagan, 
  sarkozy is well known to admire the us , but i do n't think this has anything to do with imitating the republican party . 
  think of it this way . 
  in us politics , there are some words which are thrown around constantly like `` freedom '' . 
  well in french politics , the word that 's thrown around constantly is `` republic '' or `` republican '' . 
  so sarkozy wanted to rename the party with the most praised word in french politics . 
  that 's why the mainstream left is pissed off because they consider that `` republican '' is their word too . 
  do any french guys have a direct link to the petit journal show about this that we see in the end of the video ? 
  edit : whatevs , found it http://www.canalplus.fr/c-emissions/c-le-petit-journal/pid6515-le-petit-journal.html?vid=1268450, 
  the map is inaccurate though . 
  there 's another map like that with `` from paris '' instead , which links paris to berlin in 12 hours , although in reality it 's 8 hours . 
  150 % difference is a big inaccuracy . 
  i do n't see why high speed rail would be inefficient in the us . 
  it works in european countries . 
  i 'm sure it could be used efficiently in the us to link big cities with france-like distances from eachother . 
  think big cities in new england , the midwest , texas , or california . 
  even if a plane could be faster , on medium to short distances it 's much more convenient and quick to hop on a train in a train station usually in the center of a city , than to go to the airport and pass through all the security and baggage checks and whatever . 
  also trains are cleaner for the environment so you should definitely support it . 
  considering italy is quite an important tourist destination , `` just 2 % '' is a very good thing . 
  tourism specialists consider that if a country 's gdp is dependent over 12 % on tourism , it 's a very bad thing . 
  tourism is too volatile , and not only because of catastrophic events . 
  if oil prices go up slightly , suddenly , a huge part of your economy is in danger . 
  what a cathophobic newspaper !, 
  they 're surely extremely racist !, 
  i was pointing out that the guy implies all albanians are terrorists although he should understand how wrong it is to say that since corsicans have had the same kind of insults thrown at them . 
  you 're the worst kind of person by the way . 
  all those `` reasons '' in the article are stupid as fuck . 
  here 's the only reason : she 's the chancellor of the 4th economy in the world , which is the leading power in the largest market in the world . 
  the guy has a corsican flair . 
  in that sentence i 'm calling him `` corsica '' like it 's his name . 
  corsica notoriously had some terrorist problems , at least more so back in the day . 
  i 'm pointing out the irony of him saying other people are terrorists although he 's corsican . 
  but it 's tongue in cheek ... not sure what you did n't understand so i thought i 'd lay it all out for you there . 
  ok corsica :d but yeah , albania needs to start checking itself because this sort of attitude wo n't stand . 
  the one valuable natural resource europe has a decent amount of , and it 's fucking shale gas ... 
  well , i assume nice , mallorca and catania get to be in the top ten for the tourism , because while they sure have businesses , they 're not known for being economic hubs . 
  ( actually , perhaps for mallorca and catania , since they 're islands , the only quick way to get there is by plane so that forces their numbers up ), 
  the last minute of the video could be replaced by an ominous music , or the imperial march , and it would have a totally different feeling :p interesting video btw . 
   this is not even a joke . 
  well , the thing is , i think it was meant to be kind of a joke ... 
  rekt . 
  for anyone old enough to remember that freedom fries debacle , it was both the most pathetic and hilarious thing i remember coming from actual government officials from any country . 
  and the best part is that years later we knew we were right , they should n't have gone to iraq . 
  we warned them and they hated us for it . 
  of all things , the french consider fries ( or chips . . whatever ) as junk food ( surely because they 're associated to american fast food ) . 
  we love fries nonetheless , do n't get me wrong , but we do n't consider them as part of our cultural heritage and we do n't want to ( though we know the french areas bordering belgium have a similar cultural appreciation for fries as belgium does . . but overall , to us , fries are belgian , and used a lot in american fast food ) . 
  apparently there is debate as to where fries come from . 
  belgium or france . 
  but to the casual frenchman , they come from belgium , and we know the belgians are much more passionate about fries , so frankly , they can have it . 
  no one makes fries as well as the belgians , and it 's definitely a strong part of their culture . 
  also , belgians should n't worry so much about what the americans think . 
  they 're the only ones who call them `` french '' fries . 
  even the french know that fries is a belgian thing . 
  during the `` freedom fries '' ridiculousness , that 's when the belgians had the opportunity to tell the americans to just rename them `` belgian fries '' instead . 
  however , i must say having just `` fries '' as a unesco intangible world heritage is kind of silly . 
  i believe both mexico and france have their cuisine or culinary culture listed as an intangible world heritage , but it 's for their cuisine or culinary tradition as a whole . 
  if now we can award the recognition for every kind of recipe , there will be no end to it . 
  for good recent french films ( and i believe they 'd be fairly easily accessible ) i 'd recommend jacques audiard films ( which is pertinent since his latest film won the cannes festival ) . 
  check out `` a prophet '' or `` the beat that my heart skipped '' . 
  we 're the og of western civilization . 
  * think about maintaining a fair debate and delightful exchange of ideas with our european friends from across the channel and the rhine . 
  i 'm thinking that considering the fairly important recent emigration from poland , if the country develops economically , these polish immigrants in other countries , and the 1rst generation descendants , could possibly naturally want to go back to poland if there 's opportunity there and decently high salaries to western standards ( in a couple decades perhaps ) . 
   since this is intolerable , we sent a mail to the youtube channel 's administrator , asking for it to be removed or revised . 
  that kind of excites me . 
  i have watched some of his other vids for entertainment purposes but i 've always kind of disliked the certain lack of professionalism . 
  since it 's his latest video , it would n't hurt his alphabetical order of videos to redo it , so i wonder if he 'll be willing to :p, 
  well , in my mind they 're trying to encourage poland to reach the levels of italy economically ( or perhaps spain , rather , which has a more comparable population size ) . 
  the latter are already developed `` enough '' , just having a rough period due to the crisis . 
  a larger polish economy would even things out throughout more of the continent . 
  yeah , uh , that 's what i said , though i would n't go so far as to say they can potentially be a `` new germany '' .
