  whenever the french government does something people do n't like , they think they 're being reasonable by invoking french stereotypes about pride and whatnot , as if the leader of the mainstream socialist party gives a shit . 
  this is about money flow going to france , through institutions , jobs , and geopolitical relevance . 
  it has nothing to do with pride . 
  they 're just doing their job , which is maintaining jobs in france so they can get reelected . 
  uh , well i do n't know , you 're surely aware there 's a big chunk of your country which seceded after decades of civil war . 
  you 're telling me there 's nothing going on between arab sudanese ( even if you are relatively dark ) and the black south sudanese ? 
  there 's no feeling that the arabs are higher in the hierarchy ? 
  you 'd be jailed because under newer laws , it 's illegal to murder in iceland . 
  many countries have very old local laws which have never been officially retracted because they were assumed invalidated by new constitutions . 
  judges and courts are n't totally autistic . 
  if an icelander had killed a basque and defended his action with this 17th century law , the defense would be dismissed easily under grounds of common sense . 
  just ... remember that you 're standing on a planet that 's evolving and revolving at nine hundred miles an hour !, 
  that 's orbiting at nineteen miles a second , so it 's reckoned , a sun that is the source of all our power, 
  400 years of struggle finally over . 
  extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . 
  will you apologize ? 
  i would n't have expected this sort of comment from a european . 
  sounds like a typical american argument ( without wanting to be insulting , we just see this sort of argument often ) . 
  if we split individual european countries and took their richest regions , they 'd be in the top 10 too . 
  the argument does n't make any sense . 
   france had more to do with global politics in recent years than the uk . 
  true dat . 
  sure , sarkozy had more friends comparatively , notably with merkel and the americans , and even putin , but hollande is still riding the wagon of a relatively relevant nation if i dare say so . 
  no matter how much people may dislike hollande , and no matter how uncharismatic he may be perceived , as president of france he still goes through open doors . 
  i was a colony of the versailles crown , and still am . 
  the intervention against gadaffi is a direct result of gadaffi libya 's actions . 
  you see ? 
  i can do that too . 
  i tend to find the blaming on the west thing , though coming from good intentions , ironically extremely patronizing against african and middle-eastern countries , or self-defeating when africans say it themselves . 
  always the victims of the west 's superior cunning , completely unable to make their own . 
  fact is , in international relations , all countries influence eachother for better or worse . 
  playing the blame game when it does n't work out , whether there actually is causation or not , is tiring . 
  [ plz invest ] ( http://www.danheller.com/images/europe/poland/people/old-polish-woman-sellng-bread-2-big.jpg ), 
  very useful answer considering i expressed the same thing in the sentence right after the one you quoted ... 
  yes they are , without a doubt . 
  they have a specific culture pertaining to their geography , like greece or norway , and a geopolitical uniqueness resulting from their history , like switzerland or britain . 
  but they also have enough in common to be fully european . 
  their language , religion , philosophy , music , history , is largely european . 
   french interior minister bernard cazeneuve said ghlam was known to security services as having expressed a wish to travel to syria to fight with islamist militants . 
  and yet he had a student visa and got to live in a prized student apartment ? 
  i assume we ca n't just revoke these things on him * expressing * interest for terroristic activities , but i 'm still surprised he could go about his thing as a foreign student on a visa known to be potentially harmful . 
  it 's just the name of the town . 
  it 's a very well known close suburb of paris . 
  we do n't really think twice about its name . 
  i speak french and english fluently . 
  i can hold a decent conversation in spanish . 
  with my french and spanish i can more or less understand written italian and catalan though i never took courses . 
  i can read russian pretty much , since i took a semester in russian , but i ca n't understand it apart from basic `` hello , my name is . . '' type sentences . 
  i 'd like to speak russian , but now i 'd have to work on it on my own , which is n't easy . 
  overall , i 'd like to learn every language , 
  not to mention :  when police arrived at the scene on sunday , they followed a trail of blood to the suspect 's car , where they found weapons and notes on potential targets . 
  the guy wrote down notes for his future crimes , like it 's some shopping list in case he forgets :p on a more serious note , it 's very tragic about that murdered woman . 
  32 years old , minding her own business just visiting paris . 
  i 'm not convinced by the article saying `` the case that immigration hurts rich countries like those in the eu economically is so weak '' , but let 's set economic arguments aside for a moment . 
  the economy is n't the only factor against letting everyone in . 
  everything is n't just about money , though the article is so closed-minded it 's all it focuses on . 
  how many people around the world , from third world countries , or developing countries , would prefer to live in the eu ? 
  i 'd say a good billion at least . 
  if the process were as easy as hiking , an incredible number would come . 
  the eu has 500 million people , including immigrants who are already here , and excluding most illegal immigrants who are n't all accounted for , and knowing that most of these immigrants are found in ( and want to go to ) western and northern europe . 
  so these countries in particular are carrying most the weight already . 
  so without wanting to espouse a completely far right rhetoric , the consequences of such massive immigration goes beyond stupid economics . 
  how does the author of the article expect to integrate all these people ? 
  europe already has integration difficulties , which cause ethnic tensions . 
  how does he think the local european populations will react when their towns or neighborhoods are completely changed and defaced by the continuous massive arrival of people with a completely different way of life ? 
  the worse thing is that at the end of the article the author mentions how far right , anti-immigration ideas are gaining ground , and makes nothing of it . 
  you open the eu for everyone and i almost guarantee many far right parties will win , and the borders will be closed immediately after . 
  well , if we do n't save our economies there would be nothing for people to illegally immigrate to . . hmm , maybe that 's a good solution actually . 
   as for op question regarding inside europe , france has been kind of a bully like the other great powers from middle ages to the world wars but the fact that we were part of the founders of the european union was our way to forgive the past and create the future together ( activate happy european mode ) . 
  well , it would be ridiculous to apologize for wars from before the 20th century . 
  no one 's alive to remember them , and it 's in the realm of history , and no one 's denying anything . 
  the only wars people care about now in most of europe are the two world wars , where ( officially ) france was technically on the `` good '' side . 
  but france has acknowledged the bulk of its faults in both , be it the executing of deserters , the using of colonial troops ^ ( who were n't canon fodder btw . . ) , or the collaboration . 
  i never said it was . 
  nor are frog legs . 
  yeah , i 've defended that same exact argument on reddit countless times . 
  every single word . 
  that 's why i said '' ( rude ? 
  ) '' , in parenthesis and with a question mark , since foreigners take our unwelcoming attitude as rudeness , though i do n't think it 's rudeness at all . 
  we * are * however less welcoming than some others imo . 
  comin ' here to save tha motha-fuckin ' day , yeah !, 
  yeah , all in all i do n't think we 're rude or whatever . 
  that 's why i put it in parenthesis with a question mark , next to `` unwelcoming '' and added `` compared to others '' . 
  in some other western countries , people are somewhat more appreciative , whereas in france we care less , thus we 're more `` unwelcoming '' , and some foreigners interpret that as `` rudeness '' . 
  did you buy a renault-nissan then ? 
  then buy a brand of car that 's known for its durability or luxury or whatnot . 
  i like you . 
  oh yeah , that 's another one . 
  the only time i ate frog legs was at some sort of summer camp in france , and we got some specifically for the novelty factor and because there were foreigners with us so we thought it would be funny . 
  but i and most other french people there were discovering frog legs as much as the foreigners were . 
  most supermarkets do n't have frog legs on sale . 
  as for snails , they 're slightly more common and more available , but they 're still somewhat of a novelty food . 
  real stereotypes : * we 're admittedly kind of unwelcoming ( rude ? ), 
  compared to others . 
  * we do value good food , and we 're quite proud and snobbish of our cuisine . 
  * we do strike and protest a lot , or fervently try to protect our social rights . 
  * thus trying to reform is a huge pain in france . 
  * and our administration is a hellhole . 
  * we are slightly more romantic than some others in relationships , though the stereotype is exaggerated . 
  wrong stereotypes : * our women do shave .
