  it worked out for france as each time it intervened it got what it wanted with few casualties , and without being drawn into an outright impossible mess . 
  sure , the country has been on and off unstable , but france is n't `` stuck '' in it like the us in afghanistan , or france in indochina and whatnot . 
  where did i say it was over ? 
  that 's funny that you 're accusing me of making assumptions , considering how you 're assuming that i 'm saying it 's over . 
  and france was also in ivory coast , and it worked out ... 
  it 's tiring to have to explain constantly how mali is not at all like afghanistan , and even less like indochina . 
  nope . 
  and france was in afghanistan . 
  it is important to have a strong united army , as a deterrent but even as a diplomatic `` argument '' if i dare say so . 
  sad but true . 
  the eu is hardly taken seriously because it does n't have an army . 
  the eu is a `` soft power '' as we say . 
  sure , europe is in no real danger of being attacked or invaded , but ultimately , if this were to happen , the only countries which would be capable of organizing a credible defense are the uk and france . 
  if it were n't for these countries ' military capabilities , europe would be susceptible of being bullied by russia , turkey and the us much more than it already is . 
  because france also exports it 's nuclear energy to its neighbors ? 
  and france is n't the only european country with interests in the west african region . 
  but ultimately , everyone was unanimously supporting the french intervention . 
  unfortunately , mostly with words and a pat on the back . 
  divides switzerland with neighbors and puts germany and austria together . 
  leaves wallonia alone ... and keeps dutch and flemish separate . 
  separates wales and cornwall from england , does n't separate brittany from france . 
  i do n't see the logic . 
  edit : and apparently half of sardinia is spanish ? . . 
   the eldest is prince william , the one married to kate , and second eldest is prince harry , the good looking one who goes to afghanistan . 
  i remember how before william started going bald a few years ago , he was the one considered to be the handsome one . 
  now it 's harry . 
  the sudden change in `` who 's the prince charming '' was extremely fast . 
  i mean in a matter of a couple years . 
  do we have any info of what the queen thinks ? 
  who she would choose to be her successor ? 
  what she thinks of charles ? 
  why did you put `` former '' before `` french empires '' , and not for all the other ones in your list ? 
  i 'm guessing it 's just a mistake , i 'm only kind of surprised , and as a frenchman , francocentric , 
  seriously ? 
  i always figured they were net contributors , considering that in the eu they are among the richest per capita , have the highest minimum wage and whatnot ... how do they get so much money ? 
  france has a net contribution to the eu , almost twice of uk 's net contribution , even though both economies are practically equivalent . 
  normans were a mixture of gallo-franks and vikings - the latter integrated very fast to the larger gallic society , and married with the more numerous natives , and spoke french by 1066 . 
  normandy was a duchy of the kingdom of france , like most regions of france at the time . 
  i do think our countries have close collaboration though obviously it has room to improve . 
  i believe the main obstacle is the relation with the us . 
  while france is certainly not anti-american as many believe , france has a history of rather wanting to have its own separate foreign policy . 
  the uk however , and i 'm not saying it 's a bad thing , has a much closer relationship with the us , thus sometimes making our respective foreign policies at odds . 
  either france should align more with the anglo-american ax , which is ultimately its ally , or the uk should privilege its european neighbors , and notably france , before the us . 
  french soldiers , under french command , are surely the most apt to intervene in this ex-colony francophone country and considering their command and fighting experience in west africa . 
  what i had suggested a couple weeks ago when the argument of sending other eu troops arose was that a few other eu nations could send in a couple hundred troops each ( preferably francophone and anglophone , like belgians or something ) , but france would finance their stay and they 'd need to be under french command . 
  i realize this is hardly doable , but that would be a first step to a eu army ... if a country has the capacity to trust a partner with its soldiers for a common goal . 
  france could easily just keep the non-french in defense positions in rather safe areas like bamako , so the rest of the french soldiers could all go to the frontline . 
  but yeah , it 's kind of a stretch , and the politician who 'd agree to give his country 's soldiers to french command would be surely very criticized . 
  so we could invent a nato , only just for the eu , and say they 're under `` eu command '' even though technically , for this first try , they 'd be under french generals ' orders . 
  then again , at the end of ww1 , all the allied armies were under a french high command , general foch . 
  so it kind of was done before . 
  i 'm waiting for people to mention the cap and how france is being hypocritical . 
  nevermind that it 's not comparable . 
  i can only speak for my mother , who 's american . 
  she came to france ( paris region ) in the late 70s , from nyc , my father was her summer university french teacher . . yeaaaaaaah . 
  keeping the stereotypes real !, 
  i think she 's fine with being french now . 
  she 's lived longer in france than in the us . 
  she 's a liberal , so france probably suits her more than the us does overall . 
  i just finished watching it . 
  it 's good and offers some lesser known geopolitical info on the 50s and 60s . 
  however i must say i wish it were an hour longer , because it ends on a fragile relationship , and not on the culmination of the reconciliation effort ( ie , politicians after de gaulle ) . 
  [ me too , uh ... f. . fr ... 
  friend . 
  ] ( http://images.clipartof.com/small/1097036-clipart-blushing-shy-emoticon-royalty-free-vector-illustration.jpg ), 
  apart from the minarets added later , the hagia sophia is a christian building , and a magnificent piece of byzantine architecture . 
  it 's weird that some turks may find the resemblance `` racist '' considering it 's not their `` race '' that built the building in the first place . 
  they sure love claiming it though . 
  i , for my part , demand turkey return constantinople to greece ... 
  i like you . 
  you are right , it 's mostly the villages and small towns in those regions which are right leaning although they have few immigrants . 
  my take on that however , is that as villagers living near strongly immigrant towns or cities , they regularly see how it is there and do n't want their community to follow the same path of change . 
  those living in cities however , are used to it , women are used to not going out alone at night , and they accept it as a normal thing , people know a few nice arab guys or something so they associate immigration to a good thing and do n't want to `` generalize '' , cause aziz next door is really cool and brought them some couscous for christmas . 
  nantes is definitely a more dynamic town , so you would prefer it to rennes . 
  otherwise you will have a difficult time finding a city in europe with big building like sf . 
  the only skyscraper area in france for example is `` la d\u00e9fense '' , which is a close suburb of paris , and nothing happens there . 
  it 's just big banks and the largest business district in europe . 
  i 'd hate to live there . 
  hollande does have a strong immigrant vote . 
  what i 'm implying though is that areas with few immigrants tend to not perceive immigration as a problem , hence they 'll tend to vote left wing . 
  obviously however , areas where the population is in majority of immigrant origin will vote left wing too , because demographics help them . 
  take [ the map of the far right vote ] ( http://static.ladepeche.fr/content/photo/biz/2012/04/23/photo_1335187149654-1-0_zoom.jpg ) , and the [ map of immigrant population ] ( http://vivianericard.unblog.fr/2010/10/04/files/2010/10/carte.jpg ) . 
  there are exceptions of course , like the northern tip with few immigrants but a strong far right vote ( that is due to it being a region in crisis with a strong working class population ) or the paris region . 
  the general idea people have is that people favor anti-immigration policies because they 're just prejudiced and have never met immigrants or whatnot . 
  i think that 's false , since regions which tend to be right wing ( alsace , south-east ) have the most immigrants , whereas some regions which are bastions of the left ( like brittany ) have the least immigrants . 
  in france , i would suggest north western cities like rennes or nantes . 
  they 're pretty leftist cause not many immigrants , and they like their celtic music festivals , or their sailor culture and all that kind of stuff . 
  edit : however , they 're not like san francisco . 
  no skyscrapers and all . 
  but the bar neighborhoods in both cities are truly nice and all , one can have a good time there . 
  many students too . 
  i 'm not saying vanilla sky was bad . 
  i think it was good , but it 's a very american take on the original spanish version . 
  admittedly though , the american remake is much more mainstream in style . 
  i also like noomi rapace , but to be honest i thought the american chick playing her role in the fincher remake was much more sexually attractive to me :p nicer body too if i dare say so . 
  you did n't answer the basic point of my comment ; the importance of the quran being perceived as the literal word of god , and how the bible hardly has a similar status . 
  this difference is essential , and i indeed believe you do n't seem to grasp it . 
  i thought the american version of `` the girl with the dragon tattoo '' was very good , and i actually have no preference between it and the original swedish version . 
  they 're both slightly different , and very similar in atmosphere . 
  the only problem i have with the remake is that it was n't really needed .
