  plus we 'd have the 0 gmt time , so all good . 
  maybe benelux can come . 
  oh yeah , that 's a good point . 
  hollande probably should n't even try for reelection ( which would be , i believe , the first time in the 5th republic ) if his popularity remains so low by the end of his term . 
  with valls being prime minister , this surely reinforces his status as the next presidential candidate for the socialists . 
  he could definitely win considering , like sarkozy before , he was interior minister and showed he could have a hard line on security issues , which is something the center and right wing will like as well . 
  it 's just left-leaning in the last decade , though i think the mainstream right could have its chances . 
  politically , it 's not that different from any other big city in france . 
  and just a correction , historically , paris is very close to the rest of france . 
  historically , paris makes and is france , considering how brutally centralized the country is on paris . 
  i think that if you 're in a wheel chair in europe you have to adapt to only handicap-accessible areas . 
  however , in some countries with free healthcare , you can have an aid to accompany you for transportation/job needs . 
  i also know that in france , larger companies are forced to employ a small percentage of handicapped people . 
  they 're forced and there are incentives in terms of tax cuts i believe . 
  however , a company can employ any kind of handicapped person . 
  a wheelchair-bound person is a fairly extreme handicap , and i do believe that companies thus rather prefer employing handicaps like deaf people and all , or even more minor handicaps , who are less of a hassle for them . 
  by the way , in my apartment building in paris there is n't even an elevator , so someone in a wheelchair could n't possibly live in my building . 
  however i do believe a new law has passed enforcing the construction of elevators in every building . 
  it 'll have to be very narrow where i live though . 
  i do n't know where they 'll find the space . 
  damn , thats sad . 
  they just have pictures of famous/pretty monuments from elsewhere ? 
  yeah , i realize it 's about english being prominent , that 's why i suggested using a british song . 
  or any other song in english , as long as it 's from a european band . 
  hey , daft punk has got a song which is a hit . 
  i know american musicians are singing in the song , but it 's still a european band . 
  all i 'm suggesting is to not automatically take us culture when we 're talking about europe . 
  it 's actually quite pathetic . 
  maybe i 'm saying that because i 'm a dual french and us american citizen . 
  so i tend to separate the two strongly . 
  and if i look at it from my half american perspective , i see europe using american culture . . 
  what 's crazy here is that these assholes are acting exactly like they do as low-level delinquents in france . 
  totally obnoxious , filming themselves , doing selfies , doing `` gang '' signs , and yelling at the camera . 
  all western europeans know these sorts of guys , except here they 're doing it while showing off in front of dead bodies . 
  sure , it 's not that important , and most people watching this video wo n't even think about this . 
  and that 's the thing . 
  american culture is so omnipresent that it 's practically the de-facto culture in europe . 
  so we have american songs in pro-eu videos . 
  few notice it , but if one actually takes the time to think about it , it 's kind of a shame , i think . 
  i 'm pretty sure they could have found , maybe , some british song with the same kind of message . 
  it just bothers me that each time there 's something about the eu , it 's american culture thrown in it . 
  not that i mind american culture . 
  we all love american music and movies and whatnot , but it 's just not pertinent . 
  i forgot which eu youtube channel has an english-speaking narrator/presenter who actually has an american accent . 
  that 's just a shame . 
  what was the point in building these waterway grids throughout the city ? 
  just wondering . 
  it seems rather unique to amsterdam ? 
  and if there was some practical point , like for transportation , why did n't all cities do that ? 
  i looked it up . 
  would have guessed around the same . 
  it does n't seem that far back to me . 
  ok , in that case , i was wrong about that then . 
  that 's the only point i was assuming really . 
  i considered erdogan was elected long after the turks had changed their mind about the eu . 
  my bad . 
  yeah , he was elected by a people who do n't want to be in the eu . 
  had the people wanted to be in the eu , a guy who does n't seem interested in the eu might not have been elected in the first place . 
  again , i 'm not saying everything has to do with the eu . 
  just that the fact that the eu is no longer something the turks strive for might have influenced the vote towards someone who does n't hold ideals typical to the eu at heart . 
   most turks have given up on eu , and do n't really care about it anymore . 
  we all know it 's not going to happen , so why bother ? 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  here 's a country which wants to join the eu : serbia . 
  here 's one which does n't anymore : turkey . 
  those are recent developments , and coincidently both are very recently moving in opposite directions . 
  i know not everything is about the eu , i said i considered it 's not the only reason , but geopolitics do tend to play a strong role in things ... 
  i 'm not saying it 's the only reason , but i do think there 's some causality . 
  the current government does n't seem to give a fuck about pleasing the eu , hence in part , their actions . 
  and the fact that the current government which is muslim-leaning ( i believe ? 
  ) , and not very secular , was elected in the first place , because a good chunk of the turkish people perhaps have given up on being part of the eu , and maybe grown angry against it and thus tended to go the opposite way of the eu . 
  but i admit i 'm no specialist in turkish politics . 
  that 's just what i assumed from what i read , and i admit , from comments in this very subreddit from turks . 
  you should know since the us invented a mexican holiday called cinco de mayo which is related to : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_intervention_in_mexico, 
  yes , but considering his family is in the us , chances are he 'll want to catch a plane to the us regularly to visit . 
  if he goes to live in a `` poorer '' european country , he surely will have a nice apartment in the center of town , but he 'll have to save money much longer to be able to afford trips abroad , especially way over to the us . 
  well , turkey has been less intent in joining the eu in the last years . 
  probably because they 're sick of having been rejected for decades . 
  so now , their politicians do n't give a fuck , they 're all mad at the west , and now turkey is progressively losing its secularism and democracy . 
  france is n't the only country where people suck in english . 
  but it 's getting better . 
  and you could n't possibly understand . 
  it 's not like danish was ever relevant  also i am suggesting that officers speak english , and i do n't think you understood my comment . 
  well , if the eu had a common army , that does necessarily imply that there would be a common foreign policy when it comes to dealing with conflicts , or it would simply force the eu to have a common foreign policy . 
  a common criticism is that soldiers would n't speak the same language . 
  i 'll just answer this argument . 
  i do n't think that 's a problem , and i do n't think the solution necessarily needs to be that every soldier in the eu needs to speak the english lingua franca . 
  that would annoy too many people . 
  i think only the high command , for practical reasons , should all be capable of speaking english . 
  maybe the field officers too at least . 
  there have been many conflicts with coalitions or alliances of countries with armies of soldiers speaking different languages , and that did n't pose that much of a problem for military cooperation . 
  at the end of wwi , marshal foch , french , was called the supreme leader of all allied forces , despite the language issue . 
  so a unified command of armies speaking different languages has been done as well . 
  hell , back in the day when countries were full of unintelligible dialects , the soldiers in the same brigade could hardly understand eachother !, 
  also , in modern wars we do n't use millions and millions of conscripts anymore , but rather a limited number of professional soldiers , and special forces . 
  we can more or less consider that every eu soldier is equal to another in strength and whatnot , the only difference being combat experience for the moment , considering some countries have n't deployed any living soldier anywhere . 
  hence , in any conflict or intervention , if we really must have soldiers who can understand eachother , we could likely choose an international taskforce of soldiers who do speak the same languages , and not necessarily english . 
  take for example , the french intervention in mali . 
  the french were the only ones to actually intervene militarily , but had there been an eu cooperation on the intervention , maybe it could have been that french-speaking belgian soldiers are sent too , and the franco-german brigade where the soldiers should be bilingual . 
  thus the intervention would be french-led , using french-speaking brigades from not only france but other countries as well .
