  seriously ? 
  i 'm not german , but considering how these greeks patted themselves on the back in the same sketch where they berate germans , i would be offended if i were german . 
  hell , i 'm offended at the lack of actual self-depreciating humor , although they 're pretending they 're doing that . 
  this is fucking hilarious . 
  i was joking , i was just imitating the video 's style , in case people did n't understand . 
  maybe the  100,000 legal immigrants ( and i 'm not mentioning the illegal ones ) france accepts every year should go to iceland . 
  you 'll be bred out in a generation . 
  france does welcome refugees . 
  all the time . 
  however , it ca n't just take in everyone who decides to push their way in . 
  because if the doors were open , i honestly believe a billion people would rather live in france , or in any other western country . 
  but there 's not enough room . 
  there are already tons of beggers and ghettos that france ca n't deal with at all . 
  maybe , once the system is changed somehow and we manage to fix the problems , we can think of madly opening the doors to everyone . 
  racist !, 
  `` i had assumed he did n't speak english . '', 
  - sterio well , sterio , some french people , with or without a mustache , can speak english more or less properly despite your racism and francophobia !, 
  i was expecting actual shocking quotes , and yet the very first quote , from marine le pen , is hardly remotely shocking to me . 
  but greens and the far left are professionals in being offended about everything . 
  edit : ok , the second one , from some hungarian , and most of the others are in a totally different ball park !, 
  way to put one with the other . 
  not comparable . 
  and i pity the fools who have an electric stove , instead of a gas stove . 
  you need to feel and see the fire burning on the pan to cook properly . 
  are you serious ? 
  all boys , i 'd say :p, 
  well , i work in a hostel . 
  tourists always asking me where can they `` meet some bitches '' ( seriously , those words used at least half a dozen times since i 've started working there - i laugh internally knowing that with this sort of attitude they definitely wo n't score ) . 
  and other past experiences linked to the stereotype that the french are `` loose '' . 
  i agree . 
  why ? 
  are they wearing `` good clothes '' to you ? 
  well , i do n't want to judge , but their clothing style does suggest they 're some sort of `` alter-globalists '' , the kind that would live in squats . 
  not that this necessarily leads to looking for food in garbages , but it limits job search and job opportunities . 
  i do n't know , i have n't been to all french cities . 
  and i just go to some bars which stay open late . 
  i 'm not really a night club kind of guy . 
  so i do n't have a broad enough view of it all to recommend the best place . 
  well , obviously there are night clubs and whatever people party in . 
  but i 'd suggest to not really party when visiting france , because france has an amazing cultural offer and that 's what tourists should spend their energy on . 
  but there are certainly good bars open late and stuff . 
  otherwise to take in culture and night life , there is the moulin rouge and other cabarets , but those are musical shows , and they 're quite expensive so you got ta really want it . 
   one of the more patriotic western european nations which thus means one of the less patriotic nations in the world , since in western europe we tend to be the least patriotic people , whereas the norm around the world is to be patriotic . 
  anyway , in france saying you 're `` patriotic '' will give you weird looks , and the idea of patriotism or national pride is kind of considered old fashioned , at least to the younger generations ( unless they move abroad ... 
  i hear people get more patriotic when they live in a foreign country ) . 
  obviously that does n't mean a french person wo n't react to insult against his country , or wo n't take pride in some aspects of his culture . 
  you 're *, 
  yes they are . 
  i 've walked paris from the pigalle/moulin rouge area to the south edge where i live , many times , at night after the metro closes , and usually it 's a very lonely walk . 
  i could practically walk on the street the whole time during that 40 minute walk and not be bothered by cars . 
  obviously though , there are some streets , or some bars which can stay lively . 
  but the majority of paris at night is pretty quiet . 
  paris is n't really a good city to party or for night life . 
  if you come to paris expecting to party , prepare to be very disappointed . 
  most streets are empty at night . 
  also , french girls are n't easy . 
  the stereotype may be that the french are sexually open or whatnot , which i guess is true generally , but you likely wo n't score with a french girl in france if you only stay a few days , because people do n't just sleep with anyone they just met . 
  the french are very self critical , very negative about the future , and quite unpatriotic . . etc. . 
  although we do love certain aspects of our own culture ( cuisine , art de vivre ... ) , and admire our areas of expertise ( luxury goods , litterature . . ) the french hardly think they 're `` better '' than others and whatnot . 
  foreigners see the classiness in some aspects of french society ( luxury and art/culture ) , and confuse the unfriendliness of parisians with some superiority complex , and thus assume the french are smug in general . 
  what do greeks have to feel guilty about ? 
  why ? 
  percentages of phds are n't necessarily a factor for `` better '' . 
  in northern europe perhaps , parents , and/or universities have more opportunities to have students stay in university for 8 + years . 
  and that 's actually not even a constant considering the map . 
  sometimes , including in scientific fields , you do n't need so many people to be grounded in the research department of the field . 
  you need more technical people ready to work on the job after 5 years of study , or just 3 , rather than a bunch of ultra-specialized people with fewer capable of finding a job because their diploma is too high , and their actual field experience is too low . 
  i 'm not disparaging phds . 
  that 's an amazing achievement . 
  but if you do n't have one , or if your country has fewer per capita , it does n't make you lesser . 
  maybe your country has different needs . 
  maybe your country ca n't afford as many phds due to different strategies , equally valid , or more , or less ... depending on your country 's position and tradition , and values . 
  it does n't make you lesser . 
  i mean , looking at this map , there seems to be no obvious pattern here . 
  some less successful countries have more phds , some more successful countries have more phds , some poorer , some richer have a lot or a little . . there 's no pattern at all . 
  i do n't even know how you could pick only one book to recommend from our proud literary tradition :p . but since you chose one of the `` classic '' period books , i 'll recommend a more modern read which everyone has heard of : * planet of the apes * by pierre boulle . 
  i 'm guessing that considering the fame of the american adaptations , reminding people that these films are inspired by an actual book may garner their interest in reading it . 
  and i personally highly recommend reading it . 
  it 's a relatively short book ( a hundred and so pages ) , it can be read in a week end , and to me it 's an absolute page-turner . 
  i read it multiple times . 
  also , no film adaptation has been remotely close in storyline ( there 's only a similar basis - ie a human discovering intelligent apes on some planet ) , so the plot and surprise endings are n't spoiled , even if you 've seen all the adaptations . 
  this book is also highly sarcastic , humorous , and dark , and is quite typical of pierre boulle 's work ( another famous book of his is `` the bridge on the river kwai '' ) , and i think his style is largely representative of french `` fantasy '' , `` pulp '' , adventure literature of the post-ww2 period . 
  to be honest , in every western european country with a strong immigrant population from a country/culture currently facing international backlash of some sort , you 'll see stuff like this . 
  in france it would rather be north african arabs , or in some areas turks and kurds lately . 
  basically , it 's not that exceptional . 
  it 's infuriating , but common enough for it to be unsurprising . 
  i think a federal europe ( which we 'd call the european federation - or european federal republic ) should be composed of larger `` states '' . 
  so we should unify a few countries , as much as is culturally relevant and feasible . 
  belgium would disappear and be shared by its three largest neighbors . 
  brussels would be a city-state and capital of the ef , like washington dc . 
  there would still be much larger countries and some rather small countries which could n't really find a good match , but although i 'm all for regional diversity , i definitely dislike the current trend for regionalism and separation within the eu . 
  this makes everything impossible , with too many different opinions . 
  then again , within a federation maybe that does n't matter . 
  i do think however , as we see in the us , the larger states , or those with a large population ( like california , texas , new york ) are much more attractive for foreign investments , and are states within a federation which can carry themselves in international business deals , because they 're large and thus economically important . 
  agreed . 
  it ruins the entire point and motivation for a nordic union ( which is obviously a cultural motivation first and foremost , then an economic motivation between countries which `` work '' similarly ) . 
  if you accept scotland in a nordic union , there are n't any boundaries left , and you may as well have a perspective of accepting the rest of the baltic states , perhaps the netherlands , the other british isles countries , and why not russia ? ... 
  it would be like the eu which has unclear perspective boundaries . 
   it proves that diversity and multiculturalism works !, 
  there are two kinds of `` multiculturalism '' .
