  i meant the modern nation state flags . 
  heraldry is ancient for everyone . 
  tricolours are old flags is all . 
  they 're the ogs of flags . 
  newer countries then tried to show off by being original . 
  but we ca n't just go back and change our tricolours . 
  they are what they are . 
  i 'd also like to add that considering they 're local elections , some cantons have politicians who 've been around that area for decades and always get elected because they 're well-known local figures , and they may be classified as `` divers droite '' or anything else . 
  but that may not be representative at all of who the electorate would vote for in a national election , like a presidential election . 
  similarly , some towns that the fn narrowly won in the last municipal elections a year or two ago now had the fn win in a landslide in these elections yesterday . 
  they 're now viewed as local figures who care about the town , they 're well-known faces , and come with that advantage in any future election in the area . 
  suffice to say that these departemental elections are n't exactly representative imo . 
  the margin of error to assess the political leanings of the general french population could well be up to 10 % for every party . 
  sorry , we 'll pick everything west of the rhine . 
  that has always been our goal . 
  that 's my consolation prize for today , to not be beaten too much by england in order for them to not win the tournament . 
  more seriously though , congrats to the irish . 
  yeah all of it . 
  and on that second point , i must agree . 
  i ca n't understand how anyone can read this and not question his faith after . 
  i 'm reading * the holy bible * by jesus h. christ . 
  haha , no but seriously , i 'm reading the bible from cover to cover . 
  for general knowledge 's sake , i 'm not religious . 
  almost done . 
  otherwise , i 'm currently in the middle of * song of susannah * which is the 6th volume in stephen king 's * dark tower * series . 
  it 's ok . 
  reminds me of [ this joke ] ( https://youtu.be/7lyqbb6hbsk?t=1m39s ) . 
  anyway , the reason `` this is n't being upvoted more '' , is that there are plenty of such videos , be it for racism , or towards homeless and whatnot , and i do n't know , there just seems to be something disingenuous about these tactics . 
  it 's more about it being a religious holiday and france being quite non-religious . 
  i know christmas is hardly perceived as a religious holiday anywhere anyway , and still the french do more or less like christmas in general , they 're just less excited about it overall , and i 'd say that 's due to having a strongly secular country and culture . 
  is n't that fairly common anyway in most european countries to get a `` suspended sentence '' when it 's only less than a year or two ? 
  we 've won wars against russia . 
  we just did n't successfully invade and occupy them . 
  but winning wars is n't necessarily about that . 
  same with france giving less of a shit for christmas . 
  or general cuts in military budgets . 
  meh , i 'm unimpressed by the video . 
  i had an ex girlfriend who gave me worse back scratches than what that puny polar bear could muster . 
  playing as an amerindian civ , you only wait the inevitable moment when euro master races start popping up and fucking your shit up with seemingly unlimited power . 
  it was cloudy in paris but i figured there might be at least a cool dimming of daylight , like how i remember seeing in the late 90s once . 
  barely noticeable . 
  disappointing :(, 
  just to be fair here , not `` from '' , but `` supporter '' according to what the journalists say . 
  and regardless , who else would a french nationalist support in france ? 
  i know from personal experience that the real hardcore nationalists in france would mostly vote for the national front out of lack of a `` better '' choice rather than because they feel the national front represents them fully . 
  they consider them not extreme enough , but `` at least '' they 're for severely limiting immigration which is the common main concern . 
  they better not cause the leclerc would kick all their pansy asses !, 
  i 'm an idiot but can someone explain me if that 's what auroras look like in real time or are all those aurora videos systematically sped up ? 
  cause i feel they 're all sped up . 
  are there any real time videos of them ? 
  that 's pretty massive news . 
  it 's 2nd to finding jesus ' tomb , practically , 
  now , to answer this joke of a video seriously , there 's no doubt the us has large geopolitical schemes , like every other nation with relatively globalized interests , like russia , france , the uk , china and whatnot . 
  however , it seems fair enough to consider that the eu is a huge market for us brands and companies . 
  us culture has an immensely strong foothold in eu countries . 
  the last thing they 'd want is eu countries to be ravaged by war , and thus deprive 500 million european consumers from purchasing us goods . 
  if we absolutely want to demonize the us , we could easily just say that the us launched the marshal plan , and then protected western europe during the cold war , only for selfish economic personal gain . 
  i think that 's a very important reason why the us was so helpful , but ultimately , i do believe there was also a genuine humanitarian , and fraternal drive . 
  most americans did originate from europe , and we are , ultimately , of the same western civilization , so even non - `` caucasian '' americans can feel a certain connection with eu countries . 
  the us may be gaining interest for asia in the last decade , but that 's really just money , there 's no trust there . 
  we are , ultimately , their only real friends , the only ones like them , in terms of civlization , and they know that . 
  without us ( + commonwealth countries . . also western civilization ) , they 'd be completely alone . 
  very nice . 
  too bad for the buildings in the background . 
  also , i 'd plant a row of trees on the sidewalks for the big street on the left of the picture . 
  we do n't queue either but rather bunch up towards the door and try to get on calmly , though there will always be the odd pusher . 
  i work in a hotel in paris and every now and again some non-european tourist mistakenly pays using pounds ( presumably , they were in britain beforehand and get confused ) , and my recurrent joke is handing it back pointing at it and saying `` this is the queen of britain '' . 
  the andersson affair, 
  ragnar\u00f6k is upon us !, 
  run for your lives !, 
  it could easily be a celebration parade of sorts , as a show-off and media bait . 
  [ even nice , friendly , democratic , peace-loving , tolerant , progressive countries have annual military parades . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoapnywn8ck ) . 
  i suggested that once in a thread , and some people answered me that russia apparently does offer preferential migration for ethnic russians living in other countries , though i was n't provided a source for that . 
  that would indeed help their demographic problem , however it 's true that having a sizeable and loyal minority in other countries is a good way to influence these other countries ' politics . 
  i doubt there are fewer blondes in southern normandy than in the northern french alps . 
  well , what 's noteworthy is that for a video and comment section where everyone slams dutch food , you just had to react only to the french comment about it . 
  whenever food is discussed , it 's like we 're not allowed to speak of it less we 're called snobs . 
  exactly . 
  who feeds himself with frog legs and snails ? 
  those are hardly `` entr\u00e9es '' . 
  they 're snacks full of ingredients and exist only for their taste . 
  so you proved the point of the expression . 
   the faux-muslims of the so-called islamic state lol , trying too hard mate . 
  as i said in the french subreddit , it 's a perfectly reasonable complaint . 
  france can only feel the finger is pointed at them with this sort of thing . 
  france too had plenty of opportunities in the last 15 years to commemorate 100 years of all those napoleonic battles . 
  but why do that ? 
  why celebrate battles and wars fought between eu nations ? 
  instead we should celebrate what unites us , not have commemorative coins celebrating that time we defeated another eu neighbor . 
  it 's quite a poor decision . 
  i would n't support one about nazi germany 's defeat . 
  we 're all friends now , let 's leave it alone . 
  but here it 's not even comparable . 
  napoleon 's defeat does n't represent the defeat of any evil . 
  contrary to the will of the people we went back to an absolute monarchy , poland ceased to exist again , and other hard-line monarchies and empires in europe like prussia , russia , austria , were strengthened . 
  there 's no actual fuss . 
  it 's just a silly idea . 
  that 's awesome . 
  balkanization . 
  we 've all learned to dread it , except the current balkan states who absolutely want to be separate .
