  however the reverse does n't happen . 
  so sciences are your best bet . 
  also , you should study german if it 's more relevant to your country . 
  no chauvinism intended , but learning french is n't too bad either , because it 's a large rich market as well . 
  spanish , however , without wanting to sound insulting , and although there 's a large spanish speaking base with latin america , is n't really relevant for a european . 
  as a frenchman i regret taking spanish instead of german . 
  i think it stills sounds like a good marketing technique - but it would need to get some media attention . 
  i mentioned this because i know ... 
  i 've been told countless times . 
  but it 's hardly `` one of the most effective ways '' ... 
  there 's perhaps a slighter chance to be infected by an std if you 're uncircumcised , but the most effective way is a condom ... what you 're saying is quite dangerous , it 's like `` it 's okay , no need for a condom i 'm circumcised ! '' . 
  but to be honest , to add to your argument , foreskin also pulls on the penis which can create micro-cuts on the penis head , making contamination easier . 
  but again , the difference is n't that huge . 
  but regardless that 's a crazy reason to force circumcision on babies who do n't get to choose . 
  especially in a developed country which has other and more effective forms of protection , and where hiv is less of a problem ( though still significant ) . 
  cutting off the foreskin is in no way a solution . 
  i could cut off my feet to be sure to never get mushrooms , but i 'd rather keep them and take care of their health . 
  circumcision is insanely widespread in the us , even amongst non-jews . 
  i 've had countless debates with americans on reddit about this . 
  one would think much of reddit is fairly liberal , secular and rational , but when it comes to circumcision , because it 's about their dicks , they just wo n't admit that it 's a bad practice because they take it as an insult to their dicks , ie to themselves , and they 'll rather throw in ridiculous arguments that circumcised dicks are prettier , and healthier . 
  i believe france bought the venus de milo from the land-owner where it was found . 
  there might be subtleties i 'm missing about the purchase , but there are perhaps better examples of france stealing works of art from other countries . 
  this is only my personal opinion , but when georgia started shelling ossetian towns , i feel an international reaction was justified . 
  russia perhaps went a little too far , but the reactions of condemnation from the west were motivated by the gas lines going through georgia , just like russia 's invasion was motivated by the same thing . 
  but overall for that particular instance , russia had humanitarian justification . 
  otherwise , for the georgian war , it 's french president sarkozy who negotiated the cease-fire . 
  i 'm not trying to overstate his role in it , but it 's not like the west was just rolling their thumbs . 
  that deal probably came with closer ties to russia . 
  it is known that sarkozy and putin were fairly close partners , just like merkel with putin ... 
  the relation with russia is always kind of ambiguous . 
  at one point it 's an economic partner , selling gas and whatnot , and everyone just wants to improve the relations , be it germany or france and whatnot , and they feel they have good relations with putin , and then russia oversteps its bounds and everyone 's shocked . 
  but no one reacts , because central and eastern european countries depend on russia a lot , much more than france does . 
  but everyone now expects that france should be the only one to do the right thing . 
  so is 2008 the time we decide that russia became mean ? 
  russia was going to buy those ships from someone anyway , or make them themselves . 
  it 's true though , that amongst arms dealer nations , the us exercises economic blackmail to its `` friends '' to get the deals , thus other arms dealers are only left deals with other countries that the us does n't want to deal with . 
  if there 's anyone that should be blamed , it should be for the whole situation with russia , and that 's russia on the one side , and the eu as a whole , for presuming it can just take countries into its sphere without considering russia 's interests . 
  that was just diplomatically sloppy . 
  but if people want to scapegoat france it 's fine . 
  we 're pretty used to it . 
  and it 's true that a done and signed arms deal is much more visible and understandable , so we can all point at that and blame france . 
  no need to downvote like an idiot and resort to pandering on emotions . 
  i said myself that i was against selling the ships . 
  but regardless , considering your answer , you 're not a reasonable person to debate with . 
  why should france be the only country to carry out an important sanction against russia ? 
  i 'm against selling the ships ( the deal was already done before the ukrainian crisis though ) , but if france were to call it off , it would effectively make it the only country to have a meaningful sanction against russia , because the truth is that no country has hit on russia in any meaningful way . 
  and frankly , france is hardly affected by russia in the first place so it 's kind of unfair to expect it to carry the only strong sanction . 
  if we 're speaking of the unforeseeable future , than germany is in economic collapse because they have an aging population , whereas france has a renewable birth rate . 
  it 's not all i took from it ... she otherwise made some good points . 
  but she also said france was in total economic collapse which is an exaggeration , but she 's a populist so it 's to be expected . 
  well , if you want real cost efficient methods , i 'd suggest taking the bus from paris to amsterdam . 
  idbus : http://www.idbus.com/ eurolines : http://www.eurolines.fr/en/ these bus companies offer a trip from paris to amsterdam for some 50 euros per person or less . 
  i 'd suggest you take the night trip , which leaves paris at around midnight and arrives in amsterdam at around 7 am . 
  with this method , you also save money for paying a hotel , as you can just sleep in the bus . 
  if this interests you , buy your tickets long in advance , because naturally , many people choose that option , so the night buses tend to be fully booked quite early . 
  you still have lots of time if you 're trip is in the fall . 
  you just need to book these buses a few weeks early . 
  maybe a month or two early can get you even cheaper prices . 
  otherwise , of course , there 's the train . 
  here 's the official french website for the french rail company which goes all over : http://en.voyages-sncf.com/en/ you got ta book a train ride in advance too , to get the cheaper prices . 
  i do n't know if you can get a ride for less than the bus though , unless you 're lucky . 
  edit : actually scrap it . 
  take the train . 
  i looked at the paris-amsterdam prices for september , and if you take an early morning train , it 's some 35 euros per person . 
  much cheaper and faster . 
  take the train , but buy your tickets as early as possible . 
  ( though in that case , you ca n't just sleep the night in the train , so in that sense the night bus ride could still save you some hotel money ) . 
  so some far left parties are still that pro-russian , despite the end of the ussr ? 
  i had absolutely no difficulty reading the subtitles . 
  maybe you should adjust the brightness of your screen . 
  the british and french economies have long been toe to toe . 
  i do n't think the difference is very significant , especially since different sources count different gdps , give or take a few dozen billion ... 
  so that the british economy rises slightly above the french one , or not , really hardly changes anything . 
  growth in both countries remains rather weak , and the difference is very small comparatively speaking . 
  i guess it 's good for a country 's economy , to encourage more investments , to be officially number 2 in the eu though , so british business has that status to look forward to . 
  whereas loosing a place might hurt the french stock market , but only in the first months of the announcement that france lost its second place . 
  to add some , i 'd resume french mentality with those broad points : * very pessimistic and self critical . 
  * but at the same time , somewhat proud of most aspects of our culture ( we have best food , class , literature ... ) . 
  our way is best . 
  * while proud to be french , i do n't think we 're very patriotic ironically . 
  * quite self-centered . 
  * very secular , and pro-republic , though we like having a president king ( ie , we focus on them as if they 're basically all powerful ) . 
  i 'm just sick of brazil winning it so many times . 
  now i 'd be empathetic if they loose on their own soil - it 's not fun to ruin the party for an entire nation , but yeah , brazil has won it enough . 
  germany has won it somewhat enough , though not since reunification , so why not . 
  but ultimately it would be cool that a small country took it . 
  we have n't seen this since uruguay in 1950 . 
  so let 's go netherlands and belgium !, 
  in my experience , it 's rather everyone else who looks down on paris . 
  there is no full blooded parisian . 
  most parisians have close family in the rest of france and go there on holidays on a regular basis . 
  while some parisians may joke about the rest of france , saying it 's farm land , i 've never seen a parisian seriously believe that . 
  however , i 've experienced a lot of unwarranted scorn from non-parisians towards parisians . 
  and then non-parisians turn around and say that parisians are totally looking down on them . 
  this kind of pisses me off ... 
  otherwise , in france , regions which have a bad rep are those in the `` diagonale du vide '' , like the creuse d\u00e9partement , or regions like the limousin , or auvergne , for example . 
  considered empty and boring . 
  they have beautiful landscapes though . 
  of all things , there are some people in the french savoie region ( alpine france bordering switzerland ) who want to join switzerland . 
  it 's true that culturally they have some similarities with the french swiss . . and they would n't mind the higher swiss quality of life .
