  even in france there are n't enough doctors to work in rural areas . 
  but that 's mostly due to the fact that doctors would rather work in towns and cities . 
  yeah , sorry , i had looked at the other number . 
  there has already been a comment answering this . 
  the only comment answering mine ... . . 
  oh k , that new reddit thing got me confused . 
  you chose a comment which is downvoted to -4 , and probably more since then , to prove that / r/europe has become `` a racist cesspool '' ? 
  well it is n't . 
  i do n't disagree with anything you 've said , and i do n't know what you 're answering to . 
  when your country will be attractive to 200,000 legal , mostly unqualified immigrants every year , and at least that much in illegal immigrants who are here to stay despite the country being in time of crisis , and when they 'll be requesting that everything is given to them for free although actual citizens and legal immigrants in the country are struggling , then we 'll talk again , and maybe then you can tell me how you love it and how fair it all is . 
  oh , i 'm sorry we do n't offer to all illegal immigrants free movement , social housing and jobs . 
  our social security deficit , our 10 % unemployment , and our housing crisis will surely need to be adapted to your needs because you want human rights that you did n't get in your country . 
  it 's like cooking . 
  we saw what everyone else was doing , and remade it as an artform . 
  i learned from a french movie called `` l'auberge espagnole '' that in spanish `` un franc\u00e9s '' ( which is spanish for `` a frenchman '' or in meaning rather `` the french way '' ) means a blowjob . 
  i do n't know if it 's true , maybe some spanish people can confirm or deny it ( or catalans , cause the movie takes place in barcelona ) . 
  anyway yeah , the `` branlette espagnole '' , litterally `` spanish wank '' meaning titjob , is the only expression of the sort , in french , that i can think of . 
  it 's a very well known expression . 
  i have no idea why it 's called that way . 
  there 's no stereotype in france about spanish women having big boobs or wanting titjobs or whatever . 
  it 's just how we call it . 
  i 'm glad france got the american troops to leave , but other european countries do n't have nuclear deterrence , do n't have a strong enough army to deter possible invaders ( . . russia ) . 
  the mere presence of some american troops in those other countries is surely enough to deter any invasion , so for now it seems necessary . 
  however , it 's only really necessary in eastern european countries bordering russia . 
  it was victor hugo 's idea ... 
  i also tend to have a european solidarity for the wc . 
  not that we need it though ... and that 's why it 's quite rare in europe ( even though we 're the most politically unified ) , whereas continental support is quite strong on other continents . 
  the wikipedia page is pretty good ( apparently i was overestimating france ) , though i think my number perhaps counts french tourists in france as well : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_tourism_rankings it 's linked to the world tourism organization website , where you can find yearly reports ( though granted , it 's not very practical ) : http://www2.unwto.org/, 
  more like 100 million . 
  france has sufficient prestige in its cultural offer to be the largest tourist destination despite the bad reputation of its people . 
  it 's also central , so people going to spain from northern or eastern europe might drop by france on their way , and that accounts for a lot of the tourism numbers , since spain is the 3rd tourist destination ( after france and the us ) . 
  yes very true . 
  italians are also much more expressive and talkative . 
  their famous popular stereotypes do balance down their refined side . 
  france has just as much popular cuisine of course , but it 's not as famous , except cr\u00e8pes perhaps , but they 're not as famous as all the popular italian dishes . 
  i do n't think the italians are viewed as `` sophisticated '' as the french . 
  as another commentator answered , while italians also do have quite a strong luxury and fashion industry , they also have internationally famous popular sides of their culture , like pizza , which thus balances their fancy side ... also , they 're much more expressive , whereas the french , in their culture , are more discreet , the latter being rather associated to high class industries . 
  if you attach a job to the french , people might think of a very distinguished waiter , a snotty one at that , who has high expectations for proper table manners . 
  for an italian , one might think of a very talkative and down to earth butcher . 
  no , i think it 's the perception rather . 
  france is viewed as something very classy , be it our haute cuisine , our luxury goods , our cultural sites , and even the french language ( `` oulala ! '' ) . 
  i mean look [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ctow9p1byu ) how the anchor reacts to ramsey saying he can speak french ( in the first 10 seconds ) . 
  now it 's a pretty cool stereotype i guess , to be viewed as top class and stylish , but the by-product of this stereotype is that it makes us seem snotty and `` too good for you '' as well , although i do n't think that 's the case at all . 
  but people will look for that stereotype anyway and certainly find it , because you can find anything if you 're looking for it . 
  again , it 's confirmation bias . 
  if a tourist goes to germany and meets a snotty german , he 'll just think that guy was a dick . 
  in france , the tourist will think `` hey , it 's * true * that the french are snotty !, 
  i 've only felt slightly anxious about being in certain neighborhoods like pigalle or barb\u00e8s at night , but i just walked my path and never got into trouble . 
  well for example zanzibar ( eastern island of tanzania ) now depends a lot on tourism . 
  and they have shows of some tribesmen who dance around almost naked for the tourists , although historically , there were no tribesmen like that on this island . 
  there were some in the mainland , but even so , these tribes ' sole existence should n't be for wealthy tourists who want a touch of exoticism . 
  i 'm just finishing my masters in tourism in paris , and what i learned however , is that french culture is n't affected by tourism . 
  local cultures do n't take that shit , and that 's the case for most of europe . 
  but in developed countries however , including france , there are specific sites which are denatured by the tourism industry . 
  for example in france , the mont saint michel is now a massive tourist attraction . 
  it 's still nice but there are only cheap tourist shops there now . 
  in the historic city of venice , from the 90s to now , the population declined from 120,000 to 60,000 , because it 's now just a tourist attraction with no life beyond that . 
  in the tourism industry , in french at least , some people talk of `` disneylandisation '' of culture . 
  yeah , i 've lived in paris for a decade , i 've never been assaulted . 
  i got `` bullied '' i guess , but that was more when i was a teen . 
  since i 've been a young adult i have n't had problems . 
  then again , i do n't go out that much in the north-east areas , but i 've gone enough and never had problems . 
  you can avoid the north-east corner of paris at night . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tajqyjl.jpg ) i drew a very broad line , the areas north of that line are the more `` dangerous '' areas at night . 
  you can still go to montmartre and the touristy areas above that line ( though apart from montmartre , there 's nothing else there that you have to see ) , during the day . 
  it 's not that bad during the night either ( i do n't think paris is very dangerous ) , but if i had to very broadly point out the more dangerous neighborhoods , it would be those . 
  also , watch for pick pockets in all the touristic areas , especially the eiffel tower . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're agreeing with , but regardless , that 's just outright idiotic . 
  if i had enough money , there 'd be no country i would n't want to visit ( unless it 's a warzone or something ) . 
  most people do n't understand or realize the economic benefits of tourism . 
  but france is still the first tourist country anyway , in number of foreign visitors that is . 
  tourism represents some 6 or 7 % of french gdp , making it a huge industry , but if tourism represents more , ( i believe 12 % or so is the generally accepted proportion ) , it 's a problem , because no country should depend so heavily on one industry , especially tourism because it has the potential to denature the culture , and if there are any problems which limit tourist arrivals , a huge portion of the economy is cut out ( like in tunisia or egypt with the arab spring for example ) . 
  the stereotype against parisians and the french in general is already firmly held . 
  it 's also encouraged by french culture being perceived as elitist ( big luxury industry , prominence of cultural sites ... ) . 
  so no matter the effort of the locals , if they suddenly become extremely welcoming , tourists will still remember the rude ones ( confirmation bias ) , or people who have n't even been to france will say the french are the rudest anyway , and it will take decades , if not generations , for this stereotype to fade anyway . 
  i 'd call it center-left . 
  calling it `` left-wing '' does n't sound shocking to me . 
  not for me . 
  that 's the economist 's discrimination against eastern europeans for ya !, 
  i would n't compare them with the spanish civil war volunteers . 
  in the spanish civil war , foreign volunteers were likely not to be extremists , and they likely considered themselves french , or british or whatever . 
  people leaving to fight a jihad in syria are certainly not the very integrated bunch ... 
  france spends millions to try to improve the banlieues , but it never works . 
  it 's been a major political focus for decades . 
  maybe it should change tactics , but ultimately it 's not like they 're not trying . 
  what are you arguing about ? 
  are you trying to teach me something here ? 
  also i did n't learn english , english is my mother tongue . 
  you ca n't understand . 
  but otherwise , it 's normal for a country to defend its interests . 
  when some countries hold learning french as mandatory , like maghreb countries , or when some international organizations have french as an official language , it 's totally in france 's interest to keep it that way . 
  you may disagree . 
  you may want everyone to say `` fuck it , let 's all switch to english '' , but you perhaps could understand basic level 1 geopolitics and understand how cultural influence is a huge fucking factor economically and politically . 
  i understand sweden does n't have any position remotely similar to france 's , except in finland , but you need to broaden your perspective and understand how international politics work . 
  i feel the same for france and the language thing . 
  i 'm all for keeping and defending the french language 's international position and whatnot , but it 's more about the little things . 
  the french need to learn english . 
  we 're ridiculously bad and it 's embarrassing . 
  also , though i do think the french are n't as rude to tourists as people say , and i know and do feel it is rude when tourists speak to someone in english in france without previously asking if they speak it , the french still need to make an effort to understand that some people might not realize they 're being rude for french cultural standards . 
  so there 's no reason for the french to react coldly to them .
