  they use french words and expressions ( `` miam miam '' for `` yum yum '' . . ) , and have french accents and whatnot ( `` c'est le * beeg * boss '' ) . 
  apparently it 's because the animation team responsible for them is french . 
  the uk is n't the only eu country to not have joined the eurozone . 
  some other eu countries have made pledges to eventually join it , but not all . 
  think of it like the eurozone is a treaty within the eu , for those in the eu willing to join it after contract and agreement . 
  it 's not an obligation . 
  it 's not a condition . 
  the eventual goal of the eurozone is surely that all eu countries should join , but it 's such a strong change , that they could n't possibly impose all eu members to practically abandon their financial independence . 
  they just hoped the eurozone would go so well that everyone would want to join . 
  that did n't turn out so good , because of the financial crisis ( which was n't because of the eurozone , but the eurozone proved how difficult it was for countries to deal with international crisis , because they did n't have power over their currency ) . 
  among the `` most beautiful villages of france '' , i like the uniqueness of [ collonges-la-rouge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/collonges-la-rouge ) ( photos in article ), 
  it 's only good to have a warrior name if you 're a badass . 
  otherwise it 's just funny . 
  i knew a guy called siegfried , and he was a big fucking hard ass , so it made sense . 
  you accidently put a '' = '' at the end of your . jpg link which fucks it up . 
  here 's the [ link ] ( http://cdn-gulli.ladmedia.fr/var/jeunesse/storage/images/canalj/la-tele/dessins-animes/titeuf/images/personnages/titeuf3/4279014-1-fre-fr/titeuf.jpg ), 
  not if you want to be a professional cook . 
  of all things , you taste your way through your cuisine . 
  quantities , following a recipe by the letter , are for amateurs . 
   yet struggle a bit with writing most french people do too . 
  alright , but if you 're in a culinary school , attempting to be a professional cook , you need to taste . 
  that 's pretty basic . 
  you ca n't efficiently smell salt , pepper and spices . 
  wow , i 'd love to visit those sets . 
  pretty cool . 
  in all seriousness , if we had to choose a bird , i 'd go for the swallow for its elegance , or some owl because they 're `` wise '' and badass . 
  edit : or the woodpecker , cause he 's a worker . 
  france and germany unite under supreme leader adolf bonaparte ? 
  europe is doomed . 
  well , it ca n't not have a blasphemy law to revoke in the first place . 
  ( sorry for the double negative ) . 
  it 's not completely illogical . 
  each district votes for its representative . 
  ukip simply only had one constituency where its representative had the most votes , though countrywide , ukip had a significant percentage because it was well represented in many areas . 
  however , other areas still preferred another party . 
  the snp got a significantly lower percentage of overall votes in the union , probably because the party is n't present outside of scotland , or gets close to 0 % , but they were still elected first in most scottish constituencies . 
  this sort of election is n't completely beyond merit . 
  it depends what branch the representatives are used for . 
  i 'm not at all aware of british politics , but yeah , if those are the representatives who then vote for the prime minister and vote laws and whatnot , that 's bad because naturally they 're not representative at all . 
  yeah , you 're the only one . 
  the rest of us are all principled heroes . 
  more seriously , i do n't think the phrase is meant to be about a specific case where one person is denied free speech . 
  it 's more about fighting for free speech in general , than for another person . 
  yeah , i never understood that . 
  there 's this early ryan gosling film called the believer , where he plays a skinhead , and one of his skinhead friends says the holocaust never happened and gosling 's character is like `` yes it did . 
  why else would we love hitler ? '', 
  or something like that . 
  * it 's true that english is useful . 
  i 'd say at least 80 % . 
  english is simply a dialect of french i say !, 
  twas a jesus * painting * i believe , and imo a hundred year old jesus painting had less value than a roman mosaic . 
  but yeah . 
  a shame in both cases . 
  that 's / u/dclausel or something . 
  i hesitated to write my comment in both languages , like he does , as a parody of his style . 
  edit : i ca n't seem to find the right spelling for his username to summon him :p, 
  we should change the default language to french , because it 's really a better language that you should learn . 
  i 'd say that 's the case for most important western political leaders of churchill 's generation . 
  those were really adventurous times , and to reach a political status like churchill 's by ww2 , you 'd have to have gone through a lot of different shit . 
  i still use firefox as well . 
  it works fine with me . 
  while i actually felt i needed to stop using internet explorer back in the day , i do n't feel like changing from firefox . 
  for those who know , why is chrome better ? 
  i do n't think it is either , but it 's the perception which drives most jews to go regardless . 
  no one 's wondering at all . 
  it 's clearly stated that as a result of perceived increasing insecurity many are leaving . 
  well the second half of the documentary is about neighbours trying to sue or get the local government to ban such practices . 
  at the end of the documentary , we learn that the local government restricted these constructions in this neighbourhood to one story basements . 
   like the top youtube comment states ; this documentary is mostly about rich people complain about richer people . 
  i personally dislike this comment . 
  first off , we see in the documentary a couple people who are n't rich . 
  they just owned the place for 50 years and since the neighbourhood was gentrified , now it 's a rich-ass neighbourhood , but they still live there . 
  then it was gentrified by lawyers and doctors . 
  they 're certainly upper class , but generally are n't filthy rich like some of these saudi princes or multinational ceos who build these multiple-story basements . 
  there 's still reason to have empathy for these upper class people despite our personal qualms against them for having a decent amount of money . 
  5 - do n't profit, 
  they have my support even if they * do n't * want it !, 
  how about that ?!, 
  what you gon na do about it , huh ? 
  it would bring the benefit of having one less damn small-ass country . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://consciencesetnouvelleterre.o.c.f.unblog.fr/files/2009/05/muguet1mai2009032.jpg ) what you see on every street corner in france on labour day . 
  it was a huge hit everywhere . 
   bullfighting is illegal . 
  any kind of animal mistreatment is well , many will argue that force-feeding geese to obtain foie gras is animal cruelty ( and i would say it is ) . 
  also , ritual slaughter without use of stunning is legally done in france by a couple religions i can think of , 
  i feel the fa\u00e7ade of the ( presumably late 19th century/early 20th century ) buildings in the first picture ( and in some others ) could have been saved . 
  unless they were further destroyed after the picture . 
  i guess it was n't worth the effort . 
  let 's be real for a second ... 
  considering there 's a le pen father , le pen daughter , and le pen niece , the medias often criticize them for being a family business , inheriting the party like the nobles of old . . she 's most certainly the best choice as the party leader considering her talents , but she 's often undermined by the medias as having inherited the party despite being elected by a long shot by its members . 
  here , if you ask me , she 's simply reminding people that political `` dynasties '' are common and not out of the ordinary , and she named american dynasties so that the american audience in new york can relate to it . 
  considering her ideologies , there 's no way she 'd compare herself to kennedy , or even bush , whom she probably hates . 
  there are many points in which she can be criticized , but here it 's another classic low where the media plays stupid in order to find a reason to mock her . 
  anyone honest about this should know that . 
  my theory is that the current french government is still kind of pissed off about mali and how little support it got from other eu countries , despite them all agreeing that it was in everyone 's best interest that france should intervene . 
  despite some logistical support of a couple planes here , and a couple planes there , it cost a lot a money for france , which also took all the immediate risks . 
  but overall , it is true that it 's france 's problem how much it decides to spend on its sovereign military . 
  on a personal note however , i do find it annoying that many eu countries do n't want to spend any significant amount on defense because they think they 're safe . 
  they * are * safe , because their allies spend money on defense . 
  every now and again in france the news report on a few wild boars rampaging through some town or village :p,
