  and if i say `` islam is a conquering , brutal , awful religion '' ( i believe that is true , but that 's irrelevant to my point ) , is that racist now ? 
  apparently , islam is a race now so . . in france , where we invented blasphemy , where our greatest historical moment was when we subdued churches , we ca n't insult religions or religious practices now ? 
  i much prefer the american system of free speech , where you can actually say shit . 
  also , would n't you rather racists expose themselves , so you know who you 're dealing with ? 
  and let 's take the context here . 
  marine le pen said something like `` you want occupation ? 
  well muslims blocking public streets is occupation '' . 
  well , it 's an understandable response given the basic context . 
  she 's the leader of a far-right party , thus the medias here constantly remind her of the nazi occupation and world war 2 as if she had any fucking thing to do with it . 
  logically , she brushes it off , and reminds the journalists of actual real life problems . 
  like extremist muslims blocking public streets in a fucking secular state , blocking women from passing , blocking cars from passing , blocking police from passing . 
  hell , maybe it was n't a great thing to say , but she would n't talk about nazism if medias did n't constantly ask her about it in the first place . 
  they created the scandal themselves . 
  she certainly , maybe , should n't have said that , but i do n't think she said anything punishable , or wrong . 
  just slightly out of place . 
  also , let 's be clear . 
  these specific instances of muslims blocking streets to pray in the public arena . 
  they 're not moderates . 
  why ca n't we point fingers at them ? 
  they 're fucking extremists !, 
  i knew i 'd get this response . 
  i do n't respect the french who stood by doing nothing during ww2 any more than i respect these refugees . 
  also if i were in their shoes , i believe i 'd fight . 
  i know it 's a ridiculous claim to make because i could n't possibly prove it , but i know myself enough to think i 'd fight . 
  regardless of all this , many syrians and iraqis do stay in their country and fight for one side or the other . 
  this indicates that some are brave , and that these `` refugees '' are those who chose to flee and abandon those who did decide to fight . 
  why are they fleeing while so many are n't ? 
  why would i respect the cowards ? 
   i 'm definitely going back . 
  i 'd rather die in my home country fucking a. 
  better late than never to grow some fucking balls and self-respect . 
  sorry , i have no sympathy for these single , healthy young male `` refugees '' abandoning their country to the extremists when there are still plenty of different groups still fighting there . 
  since spain did n't even qualify in the rugby cup ( perhaps it did n't even try ? 
  ) , does that make us even then ? 
  wow . 
  i had no idea . 
  when i think sushi , i think salmon . 
  also i do n't get some other comments here . 
  now i want some because of this article . 
  why does any nation play rugby ? 
  why do argentinians play it more than other south americans ? 
  why to italians play it ? 
  why is it more popular in southern france than in the north ? 
  i guess all it took was some talented people with influence managed to successfully spread the rugby love in their region or country . 
  i 'm not talking about corsica . 
  i 'm talking about `` occitania '' . 
  i know the south , i know many southerners . 
  `` occitania '' is n't a thing . 
  it 's folklore at best . 
  but i 'd like it to be a thing . 
  i 'm not disparaging it . 
  the status quo , that alsace is part of france , is doing fine though . 
  you 're already unfavorable to france by separating it from the rest of the country , although there 's no remotely significant independence movement in alsace in the first place . 
  right , make germany even more overpowered by not breaking that country into smaller nations ... 
  seriously though , this occitania fantasy from non-french people needs to stop . 
  it 's not a thing . 
  especially considering italy was n't broken up , although they have a way bigger north/south thing . 
  not only that , but also , unlike germany , in france we have an anti-immigration party which scores a 20 percentile at least , on the national level . 
  i 'm assuming the socialist government understands they ca n't feed the fn electorate by making statements like merkel did . 
  i probably walk at least 2 km in the endless hallways of the paris subway system just to get to my job in the morning . 
  just so you know , people outside france consider the current fn to be much more extreme than it actually is nowadays . 
  perhaps i know more about uk politics , and while foreigners think it 's like the bnp , i 'd say it 's more comparable to ukip , though granted , ukip is more economically liberal than the fn is ( the latter is more interventionist and protectionist ) . 
  i 'm amazed that there are only 22 active circuses in the netherlands . 
  i guess it makes sense on hindsight . 
  i can imagine there only needing 22 traveling circuses to cover the whole country , but still , that 's a small number . 
  16 of these dutch circuses have wild animals and are thus concerned by this ban . 
  that accounts for how many people 's jobs ? 
  i have no idea how many people a circus employs . 
  too much ? 
  but i guess there are also proxy businesses which benefit from selling materials needed for circuses to have wild animals too . 
  i 've always thought russian sounded pretty , and the impression here , i believe , is that russian is both pretty and cool/badass sounding . 
  german , unfortunately , gets the same treatment as in the anglo world , that the impression is it 's a harsh language . 
  my bad , i thought you were being sarcastic in your previous comment . 
  just so that people do n't get the wrong impression , your experience probably is n't representative of public schools in france . 
  in my experience in french public schools we 'd read tons of foreign books translated in french , in french class . 
  i remember reading robinson crusoe , shakespeare , kafka ( etc. . ) as well as individual foreign classics ( `` anne franck 's diary '' , `` if this is a man '' . . ) . 
  naturally though , we 'll read more french authors and i find that absolutely normal that we focus more on french authors in a french language class , in a public french school , in france . 
  it 's funny how you 're implying i 'm the one being imperialist of sorts over the alsatians , when you 're the one who 's calling for annexing it to germany , although it 's pretty common knowledge alsatians do not want to be part of germany , and do not consider themselves german . 
  i 'd unify countries together , rather than dividing them . 
  nowadays ? 
  the oppression of regional languages was back in the day . 
  today there 's no oppression . 
  also we all speak french from tours . 
  and finally , language is n't the only diversity . 
  there 's diversity in food , expressions , culture , sports , history , architecture , you name it . 
  the only feasible ones are , and i 'm being very generous , corsica , brittany and perhaps the basque country . 
  well , they 're more likely to be independent than joining germany , but they 're not likely to want independence in the first place despite what non-french people around the world think the alsatians want/are . 
  small countries ftw !, 
  instead of having 28 differing policies and strategies , let 's have 100 !, 
  i know it 's an unpopular opinion here , but i 'd prefer that culturally/historically close european countries unite into bigger entities within the eu , rather than the current trend of separating into small countries following regional identities . 
  i mean the european project is about unity , not division . 
  but ironically , because regions feel safe within the eu , it 's actually encouraging division . 
  we 're not that different . 
  maybe my frenchness biases me , we have plenty of regional diversity , but every region does n't necessarily want independence in staggering numbers because they 're different from a neighboring region ( not to mention quite superficially different in the eyes of the rest of the world ) . 
  i 'm not trying to be insulting . 
  i love europe 's regional diversity . 
  i just wish we 'd embrace our common traits , and celebrate our differences as a positive , not a reason for divorce ( or continued separation ) . 
  i realize catalonia also justifies itself with an unfair deal in spanish economics , but the strength of separatism there is only made possible in the first place thanks to catalonia 's distinct identity . 
  with the current way the eu functions , ie not remotely close to a federation , individual eu countries have their own foreign policies , and thus only a handful of eu countries have some form of power projection on the international stage ( = the bigger countries ) . 
  small countries have close to no international relevance , and could n't do much on their own , only rely on the larger states for protection and large markets , and a loose association to the eu .
