  their children , who did n't know their parents ' shitholes , thus have a very strong sense of identity towards their ancestral nation and culture , and thus tend to embrace islam , at least more in theory than in practice , but that 's probably worse because they see their ancestral religion as something in opposition to the non-muslim country they 're living in . 
  obviously , i 'm not trying to generalize . 
  there are plenty of children of muslim immigrants who embrace free western society , and there are plenty of 1rst generation immigrants who are n't thankful . 
  most of those who fought against the police , or at least the instigators , are the far right youth who are used to fighting against the police , and always have even under a right wing government . 
  as for the mainstream right wing guys `` discovering the world of protest '' , one can turn it around . 
  a left wing government is discovering the world of being the cause of protests , and left wing voters are discovering the world of having their government criticized , or seeing a left wing government not being any better than a right wing one in terms of economy , ecology and whatnot . 
  quite refreshing . 
  typically , for these things shops are supposed to round to the closest .05 only if we pay cash . 
  by card or check the small cents would still exist . 
  hey , we believe we 're `` the country of human rights '' so that ironically makes us feel the most compassionate , but also both arrogant and not arrogant in some twisted way ^ ^, 
  indeed , did n't see it there . 
  that 's kind of what i meant in the second part of the comment . 
  no need to justify anything . 
  all answers look ridiculous here , thinking they 're all the most righteous . 
  greece sure loves itself . 
  it 's the only one to place all the good adjectives for itself :p though the others are n't far behind . 
  anyway , these are kind of meaningless . 
  `` compassionate '' ? 
  `` trustworthy '' ? 
  what do those even mean in this context ? 
  funny how everyone thinks they 're the most `` compassionate '' for example . 
  fucking protestant norwegian immigrant youth trashing this country whenever they have chance ... 
  i definitely agree . 
  it 's better to learn a language that you really enjoy . 
  for example , i more or less randomly took spanish in my early school years , because after english it was the popular language to take in france , so i was stuck with it throughout school although i have little interest in mediterranean or latin american cultures ( no insult intended , i still enjoyed my times in spain ) . 
  so basically i never had much motivation to learn spanish , and just barely studied to pass the classes . 
  now for my masters i 'm taking russian , and i 've always had some ominous fascination for mother russia , and i listen to russian metal bands , and i love the red army choir and stuff , so it makes me much more motivated to learn russian . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'll go on studying russian once i 'm done with my studies , whereas i do n't intend on seriously picking up spanish again ( just enough to still be able to hold somewhat of a conversation ) . 
  i mentioned portuguese because of brazil ... and german and french is far from given up . 
  they 're not even remotely in danger . 
  i have no idea who you 've been talking to , but maybe you should n't listen to every idiot out there . 
  to me , other than english , the most useful european languages are german for business mostly , and french and russian for international importance ( as diplomatic languages , and also important economico-cultural centers ) in their respective areas of influence . 
  spanish , portuguese ( because brazil ) and eventually italian , are the next in line in terms of importance . 
  a minor yet relatively important european language would be dutch , for business . 
  polish may be up and coming . 
  not to sound insulting to others , but the other european languages typically are n't that useful to learn nowadays , unless you want to work in a very specific field which needs these languages , or if you simply want to learn a language which sounds nice to you , or that 's associated to a culture you like . 
  if you want to learn a versatile , useful language to get a job or something , i 'd stick to german , russian or french . 
  i 'm learning russian , and i find it pretty fun to learn . 
  many people often say that kind of thing , that it 's not that useful to learn such and such language , because the natives of that language speak english anyway . 
  but that 's not really the point . 
  kind of how brits or americans say that it 's useless for them to learn another language since everyone else understands english . 
  it all depends in the field of study you 're working in . 
  some jobs need you to read books , or texts , which are n't translated into english . 
  if this guy is studying international politics , he will need to understand a foreign language , since not all official documents , or news articles , are translated into english . 
  while i do recommend him either german or russian , since they 're more important languages in international politics and thus he 'll have a better chance to find a job . 
  on the other hand , them being important languages , there are surely more speakers of these languages in his country , thus more competition . 
  actually , when the rare bunch of skinheads beat up some minority it can very easily make national news , with all the politicians pushing eachother to condemn it , and tv shows discussing the topic of racism against minorities and how naughty whites should be reeducated into tolerance . . etc. . that happens regularly . 
  i have heard of the mathematical models . 
  for example , i heard that 9 of 10 french people are direct decedents of charlemagne . 
  of course , the number must be similar with neighboring countries such as benelux and germany . 
  although i 'm french , my mother is american , and she descends from one of the first settlers who was of minor english nobility , hence we have his genealogy which goes way back . 
  and thus strangely , through an englishman , i traced my genealogy back to continental germanic yet `` french '' iconic historical figure , charles martel . 
  and he actually appears 3 times in my known ancestry , considering more or less distant cousins intermarried back then . 
  i do n't think i 'm special though , i understand that most people are direct descendants of historical figures . 
  do n't we also say genghis khan has an estimated millions and millions of descendants ? 
  the mere title of the article suggests what i said . 
  i 'm willing to believe the author does n't do it on purpose , but he 's influenced by his white or western guilt , and thus , like many of his peers , will tend to write articles demonizing his own history or civilization , while praising others . 
  it 's actually pretty common , in schools as well . 
  at least in western europe . 
  apparently europeans are `` hypocrites '' because neanderthals living in the continent 100,000 years ago cannibalized eachother , there are n't anti-cannibalism laws in germany , and some rich or deranged people in modern history were cannibals or had cannibalistic practices . 
  good thing the media is always here to tell us how much we should despise ourselves . 
  [ lawland is kind of pertinent ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/napoleonic_code ) . 
  i expected at least that . 
   if this is coming at him from the left it 's coming at him from a highly populist ( i do n't mean it in a bad way ) far-left . 
  the leader of this party , m\u00e9lenchon , is extremely aggressive , and has always considered himself , the far-left , to be the real socialists , as opposed to the mainstream left ( and he 's probably right about that ) . 
  he 's willing to work with the mainstream left , but he obviously wishes to differentiate himself from the mainstream , especially if its in government , or else he would n't be relevant . 
  granted though , he 's gathering support from some mainstream leftists who did vote for hollande ( instead of him - m\u00e9lenchon ran for presidency too . . ) and are disappointed . 
  but that 's pretty normal . 
  i 'm not trying to defend hollande . 
  i did n't vote for him . 
  i do think however that hollande is pretty much fucked . 
  his approval ratings are even lower than sarkozy 's were in his worse period , and even mainstream leftists are disappointed with hollande , while sarkozy had a quasi-dictator approval amongst the mainstream right . 
  hollande ca n't even satisfy his base , and all the other parties are opposed to him . 
  tough time for him . 
  `` we are not eating good food ... we 're hungry '' . 
  oh , sorry , what did you say ? 
  you 're hungry ? 
  are the toilets we provide you dirty ? 
  damn , well sorry for forcing you to come over here . 
  please be patient while we use the massive unemployment benefits money and our failing agriculture to feed you . 
  promptly !, 
  thank you for your patience sir . 
  do you need anything else mister ? 
  i really do n't understand why scandinavia was separated from europe . 
  i can understand for middle east though , but in that case i 'd have called `` asia '' something like east asia . 
  i 'd have to say the us for my country , france . 
  i 'm no specialist , but i believe ukip killed the bnp . 
  the british `` far right '' , the bnp , is simply too extreme . 
  kind of like the german npd . 
  `` far right '' parties which do have good numbers in other countries are those which stay relatively moderate . 
  once ukip tackled immigration and nationalism , with their more serious and moderate stance , the bnp was bound to be crushed out of the picture . 
  anyway , not to sound like a social pariah , but i agree with the overall statement . 
  whites should make more children . 
  ouch . 
  the guy kind of passes off for a douchebag to be honest . 
  looks like a sketch almost . 
  i 'm not trying to be rude . 
  he looks like a decent man . 
  but the giggling part about making a good deal about a country 's tragedy kind of got me there . 
  are you being sarcastic ?
