  that is why , despite france being very diverse regionally , sovereignty movements are fairly weak . 
  how about smaller countries unite to form relatively bigger ones ? 
  are n't we all about wanting to get along in unity instead of dividing eachother ? 
  i get your reasoning though . 
  it 's a scenario which would be fairly good in a truly federal europe , where each small region would vote for a representative and thus big nations would be useless . 
  the thing is that europe is n't politically and economically tied enough yet . 
  i 'd say the eu needs big , powerful nations , economically and militarily , nations which include germany , france and the uk . . and yes , i 'm probably biased saying that considering i 'm french . 
  but i do think if europe was just a bunch of netherlands-sized countries , we 'd likely be pushovers because our union is n't yet strong enough . 
  so good thing there 's germany with its important economy , france and the uk with their military and cultural importance , to sometimes defend their and the eu 's interests , because otherwise other countries do n't really take eu parliamentarians very seriously . 
  and it 's not slovakia that can garner interest from the us , it 's the uk . 
  it 's not belgium that can intervene in mali , its france ( or the uk ) . 
  it 's not slovenia that can pressure russia economically , it 's germany . 
  this being said , the usa is a federal nation , and it has bigger , richer states ( california , texas . . ) , and smaller , poorer states , and no one seems to have a problem with that . 
  the country still works ok . 
  hey , you killed joan of arc bastard !, 
   europe 's wealth is built on the colonies from which many immigrants arrive . 
  sorry , but no . 
  while some colonies did bring wealth to europe , like india , most were economic burdens , and were mostly about prestige . 
  france , for example , spent more money developing its colonies than `` stealing their wealth '' . 
  even today , the last `` colonies '' of france , like guyana or caribbean islands , are economic burdens . 
  also , europe managed to colonize most of the world because it was already wealthy and more advanced . 
  not the other way around . 
  finally , most european countries hardly had any colonies , very few or none at all , and are yet still wealthy . 
  i 've noticed these esa and other eu tv channels often have a presenter with an american accent ... 
  i 'm not trying to say anything against americans , but it 's kind of weird to me ... 
  it 's not like there are n't enough anglophone europeans to take that kind of job ... 
  france : unless one skipped a class , or flunked , the usual age for finishing high school is the year one turns 18 . 
  since high school is finished during the summer of the year , usually , high school graduates are 17 or 18 , depending on their birthday . 
  they can start university or other studies the next school year . 
  3 years for a degree . 
  plus 2 years for a masters . 
  plus 2 or 3 years for a doctorate . 
  again , one can flunk a year or two and take more time to complete all this . 
  nah , i say we bigger countries stay bigger , so we can be masters of europe . 
  high five germany !, 
  protesting what ? 
  what is this about ? 
  i 'm getting pretty sick of all these politicians going on about polish immigrants or whatnot . 
  it 's a pc way for politicians to pretend they 're strong against massive immigration , when in reality , eastern europeans are n't generally a problem . 
  they need to use to same discourse for third world countries immigrants , who are much harder to integrate because much less compatible , not to mention usually much more numerous . 
  you 're not offering comprehensive opinions . 
  you 're being downvoted because your comments are out of touch with reality . 
  and do n't give me that bullshit about downvoting . 
  do n't be a hypocrite . 
  i know you downvoted the first comments you were answering to because they were all initially at 0 . 
  i know it was you , it could only be you , and there 's no need to deny it . 
  the examples you gave of moments when redditors were contemptuous of turkey 's accession to the eu were not in this thread ( except the last one , which was a perfectly valid answer to your comment ) ... not to mention they received criticism from other redditors ... bad examples . 
   no one really wants to join eu , certainly not for economic reasons and culturally , let 's just say we would n't want to be associated with a region responsible for two world wars , champions in genocide and countless atrocities around the world . 
  coming from a turk , that 's pretty humorous . 
  i know your country has never admitted its crimes , or tried to amend for them , unlike most eu countries ... maybe that 's why you 're so oblivious to the comical nature of that comment of yours . . 
  otherwise , while the eu is in economic crisis right now , it 's still the number one economic region in the world , and developing countries within the eu , like poland , benefit a lot from being in it . 
  so there are economic reasons why most developing countries neighboring the eu ( like turkey ) want to join . 
  otherwise , the rest of your comment is mind boggling in its irony . 
  you 're mad at your perceived notion of europeans feeling superior and mean to turks , while you agree that europe has opened its arms to millions of turkish immigrants ( mostly germany to be honest , i 've hardly seen a turk in my life , and i live in paris ) , and rejoicing about how soon , very soon , turks will be numerous enough and strong enough to impose themselves . . etc. 
  you 're much more bellicose and nationalistic than anyone here . 
  it kind of reminds me of a story i read about some turkish best selling novel where turkey declares war on europe and marches to berlin and all . 
  it 's so crazy it 's ridiculous . 
  you read insulting comments on the internet ? 
  you feel your country is being rejected ? 
  suck it up . 
  i 'm fucking french , i 've seen much more gratuitous insults from other countries , from neighbors like the uk , though especially from americans . 
  finally , the whole reason why this conversation started is because you implied turkey does n't want to join the eu . 
  well that link you gave here shows the contrary . 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  let me quote you :  the posts that i see here that goes like `` good . 
  they would never be allowed to be part of eu anyway hheheheh '' posts to me are quite immature . 
  and on a previous comment :  like a club full of people who keeps shouting around `` you ca n't be in here lalalal!@?! '' . 
  fact is , no one went around like this . 
  you added the `` hahahas '' and all , but from what i read , and heard in my daily life , no one laughs at turkey for `` wanting it so badly '' or anything . 
  they simply know it 's a debated issue , and either want turkey in , or do n't want it in , or have no opinion . 
  you 're the one thinking people are laughing at your country , but i never in my life , irl or on the internet , noticed anything of the sort . 
  your interpretation of people very calmly and seriously commenting on this subject , an issue that really exists ( turkey asking to join the eu ) , tells me that the only problem here is your hurt feelings . 
  you 're the only irrational/comical commenter here . 
  i do understand however that you feel insulted . 
  i 'd feel insulted as well in some sort of similar situation involving my country . 
  so i know where you 're coming from . 
  those who oppose turkey 's entry in the eu , like me , are n't prancing around saying they 're `` holier than thou '' and that 's where everyone wants to be . 
  that 's how you interpret it , like a guy rejected by a girl , so he thus feels resentment and believes the girl thinks she 's too good for him . 
  it 's not that she feels she 's too good for him , it 's because she does n't see herself with him , they 're not compatible , it does n't mean the guy is n't attractive , or nice in his own right . 
  now , if turks feel more and more that they should n't be a part of the eu , that they 're too different and can do without it , i 'm fine with that because i agree . 
  i 'm glad things evolve to this line , because once again , it 's not the eu that asked turkey to join . 
  the reasons why turkey never got admitted is because , above all , there 's a serious issue with cyprus . 
  there are other conflicting issues of course , but that 's the main one . 
  it 's not really about secularism . 
  in western and northern europe alone , france is probably the only truly and constitutionally secular country ( though in practice , they 're all almost secular ) . 
  i for my part , consider , like you to some extent , that turkey simply is n't european and for this reason alone should n't have been considered in the first place , which would have saved everyone 's time . 
  turkey has its own thing going on , and it 's great , so i do n't mean to insult of course . 
  otherwise it 's not europe 's fault if turkish politicians use the eu accession excuse to pass unpopular laws . 
  i 'm sorry that happens but you can only blame turkish politicians . 
  lastly , i 'm personally not overjoyed by the eu . 
  i do n't think it 's the best thing ever , i do n't think nor want everyone to want to join. ; etc. 
  i think it 's good to have some sort of union of european countries , however i do agree the eu has its faults and all , and if i were in charge i 'd do things differently . 
  you got it wrong . 
  you 're upset that some people do n't want turkey in the eu , that 's why you 're up in arms about it in this thread - though admittedly , there are european redditors who have voiced their approval of turkey joining . 
  i 'm saying that because you 're obviously upset , and perhaps need reassuring . 
  you can repeat on and on that `` no one wants to join the stupid eu '' , if that makes you feel better about being rejected , but the fact remains that the eu did n't ask turkey to apply to join , turkey wanted to join and for different political reasons turkey has been denied entrance . 
  do n't say `` no one cares '' . 
  obviously , you do care , as your reactions in this thread prove , and turkey cares , as its fights to enter the eu prove . 
  though again , i realize turks are less and less attracted to the prospect of joining the eu , and that 's mostly because they 're upset of having been rejected from entering for so long . 
  keep being in denial .
