  but also about quality of life . 
  the french just go to britain for jobs but would never go there for their retirement . 
  if there was any significant foreign involvement it 's [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_navarino ) , and the us had no part in it . 
  but a greek national resolve was the main factor . 
  indeed . 
  i 'd accept a crude projection up to 2020 , and even that 's a stretch . 
  but otherwise anything can redirect national economies in the next 35 years ... from new technologies , to entire new economic systems , and including demographic and socio-political changes . 
  and who knows what groundbreaking technologies they 'll have in the 1950s !, 
  flying cars and jetpacks i say !, 
  people who live in bordeaux are called bordelais , which obviously indicates the origins of the city : a bordel ( = whorehouse ) . 
  so the people of bordeaux are essentially called the spawn of whores . 
  ( i just figured this out right now . 
  citation needed probably ) . 
  in france too we have hate laws , pretty much similar to those in britain and many other western european countries . 
  i do n't know if a tweet like this can get you arrested in france , i think technically yes but perhaps the police do n't bother that much . 
  but essentially it 's the same . 
  and it 's preposterous . 
  the guys who elaborated these laws in the 90s think they 're all righteous and all , but they 're insane laws , and should be removed immediately . 
  if people say racist or anti-religious stuff , society can easily `` punish '' them if they must be punished ( through ridicule , inability to find a job . . etc ) . 
  no need for the government to interfere . 
  it 's very dangerous for our freedoms when it does . 
  i want to insult islam as a religion/ideology , just like i may insult christianity , without fearing prosecution for speech crimes . 
  that 's one thing the us got righter than us . 
  the worry is that with a beard you look like some islamist ? 
  there are lots of muslims with beards in france ( a good chunk of the youths with large beards here are most certainly islamists though . . ) , and while at worst they may look intimidating to some , we 're pretty used to their existence , and the french are actually very tolerant and peaceful ( they mind their own business ) , so at least in metropolitan areas i do n't think a brownish skinned bearded guy is in any sort of danger . 
  actually , there are probably more urban environments dangerous to whites than to coloured people ... ( i know people will take issue with my comment , but i 'm preemptively willing to admit that if there are dangerous urban areas for whites , it 's because it 's more likely that `` ghettos '' are made of poor african/arab immigrants who were socio-economically `` segregated '' from middle class areas , which are mostly white ... 
  so there 's some form of hatred in these minority neighborhoods for `` whites '' = france - well , that 's where european-born islamists come from , and it 's a debate all in itself ) . 
  however , if you 're backpacking in the deep countryside , i do n't think you 'd be in any physical danger , but people might give you the odd look . 
  i do n't really see you getting into any trouble unless you 're unlucky . 
  even in the deep countryside , even if you happen unto a deeply `` islamophobic '' `` redneck '' area , i 'm quite confident that even the basic remote conservative farming village in france would easily recognize that an indian sporting a beard backpacking through the country is a fun curiosity , and not some islamist invasion . 
  i do find it somewhat humorous that hungary compares the split of its country to that of poland . 
  poland was clearly a victim when it was eaten up by its neighbors ^ ( btw , one time , we , france , actually recreated poland from the ashes , but now the polish would rather spit on france because ww2 , and hungary helped more apparently ? ... ) . 
  hungary , however , was part of the austro-hungarian empire that started wwi in the first place , and most of the land that was taken away from hungary after allied victory was n't ethnic hungarian majority ( some were , admittedly , most little areas immediately at the border of modern hungary . 
  but then again , germany lost a lot of ethnic german land to poland after ww2 , so this stuff happens ) . 
  then the next picture is about fighting tyrants . 
  again , that 's ironic , because in wwi , when you lost that land you deplore loosing , you were the tyrants . 
  the central powers were largely dictatorships while the allies headed by france and britain ( russia being an exception ) , then with the us and whatnot , were largely democracies . 
  thank god they won . 
  i 'm glad you 're friends and all . 
  just saying , if feel this pic has some pretty strong corner-bending . 
  actually i got it after posting my comment . 
  but i just left it there :p, 
  daesh is n't a `` meme '' . 
  in france we use the term `` daesh '' as easily as anglophone countries use `` isis '' . 
  it 's the name we casually call them . 
  and it was a political decision to call them that , and it worked here . 
  it did n't work in anglophone countries , but daesh remains one of their names , even in english . 
  i 'd say both can claim him . 
  i mean he existed at a time when french , belgian , walloon , flemish identities were n't formed yet , but he 's a shared historical figure for both nations . 
  so if france had the sword it would be fine . 
  if belgium had it it would be fine as well . 
  as long as it was obtained through fair means ( not stolen from one party by the other , or something ) . 
  i did n't know it changed . 
  what changes were made ? 
  i feel the serbian majority areas in the north should be given back to serbia . 
  it 's only fair imo . 
  you reassure me . 
  i took 10 years of spanish and i could n't understand most of what they said ( if it were n't for the subtitles ) . 
  i 'll be fair though . 
  the uk , as are most countries in the world , is right to have very strict regulations concerning `` national treasures '' . 
  they should n't easily be sold out to foreign parties . 
  now sure , this story is humorous considering the `` british '' national treasure in question is supposedly joan of arc 's ring . 
  it 's pretty obvious that such a relic deserves to be in france , where joan of arc is revered so strongly , even today . 
  but it 's also understandable that this relic was a historical treasure to britain , as it was kept on british soil for 600 years , and has value considering the historical figure it 's associated to ( even if said historical figure is foreign to britain ) . 
  imagine if a chinese auctioneer had obtained joan of arc 's ring and brought it home to china ... 
  i 'm pretty sure us french would rather the british keep the ring than sell it to the chinese . 
  regulations on `` national treasures '' also prevent * nouveau riche * nations like china from buying out such relics and eventually disrespecting them . 
  so yeah , this story is funny because the british claim a deeply french artifact to be their national treasure , but then again the regulation makes sense . 
  ( but fuck it , the transaction is done , we brought it here in the first place because the brits did n't care enough , so we should still keep the thing = fuck off :p ), 
  both cyprus and kosovo have a very accurate outline of their country for obvious political reasons . 
  it 's a way to set it in stone . 
  but indeed , they 're quite ugly . 
  my dialect is the common french accent ( like the one in paris ) , and to me they 're all pronounced the same . 
  it 's true though that it 's different elsewhere . 
  in know that in bordeaux , their `` o '' sounds in some words like `` pause '' is slightly different . 
  well , i mean in the last three attacks in france , the terrorists did face off with the highly trained special forces , knowing they 'd get annihilated . 
  they could have given up , but instead they went for some sort of martyr 's death , which in any hollywood action movie would be the heroic moment . 
  and again , killing unarmed civilians is n't cowardly . 
  it 's not brave , but it 's not cowardly . 
  it takes nerves to knowingly ruin your own life . 
  they knew the consequences would be dire for themselves when they did that . 
  it 's true , that 's a good point . 
  one could also consider that they may have fallen to social pressure in becoming terrorists . 
  that 's definitely a form of cowardice . 
  however , i still feel that the act in of itself is nothing cowardly . 
  it probably takes a serious amount of nerves to go through with these things . 
  but perhaps they 're just stupid fucking brainwashed idiots . 
  i 'm not saying they 're courageous . 
  just not necessarily cowardly . 
  i feel we say they 're cowards just to reassure ourselves , or to insult them in a very broad way . 
  in french * the silent letters ( letters that are n't pronounced ) , or different ways of pronouncing the same sounds . 
  for example `` o '' , `` au '' , `` eau '' , `` haut '' , `` oh '' , `` eaux '' , `` aux '' , '' \u00f4 '' , '' - ault '' are all pronounced exactly the same . 
  it 's just the basic `` o '' sound in french . 
  * the conjugation of verbs ( lots of irregulars , and lots of tenses and whatnot ) * the general pronunciation may be hard . 
  some half of our words have these nasal sounds ( like `` en '' or `` in '' or `` on '' ) which rarely appear in other languages ( i believe portuguese is one of the rare languages with sounds similar to these ) . 
  but at least , like english and spanish we do n't have declensions . 
  i was brought up in french and english , then i learned spanish in school . 
  when i took latin and german in university , i learned about declensions for the first time . 
  i still just do n't understand them . 
  as much as i detest these guys , for their beliefs and deeds alike , the last thing i 'd call most terrorists is `` cowards '' , despite the fact politicians , medias and people in general tend to call them that .
