  admit it !, 
  this being said , i 'm not against laws against defamation . 
  that is , if someone spreads a lie about another , the latter should have the right to sue the first for the harms done . 
  now , of course , again , there 's a thin line with comedy or parody , but when applied to a politician who deliberately talks bullshit about another , i think suing is justified . 
  agreed 100 % . 
  i 'm ok for us taking it . 
  this has been going on for decades , with news articles saying for years and years that belgium is facing break up . 
  just break up already . 
  and walloons , do not worry , just come to the [ motherland ] ( http://media.paperblog.fr/i/587/5874781/10-stereotypes-bresiliens-sur-france-francais-l-ewg2uh.jpeg ) . 
  i hate these ridiculous hate speech laws in france , and i hate even more these politicians who think they 're righteous about enforcing them . 
  the problem is also that there 's a very thin line between hate speech , and critique or humor - so ultimately it 's all up to the subjective viewpoint of the offended or judges to decide on that . 
  one famous albeit controversial political commentator here went to trial for saying that `` most dealers are arabs or blacks '' and that he thought companies should have the right to not employ them if they do n't want to . 
  one can obviously criticize him or debate him on that , but to trial him ? 
  please ... people are already pushing for any critique of islam to be considered hate speech , although france has a centuries old tradition of bashing christianity like there 's no tomorrow . 
  it 's already difficult to say anything bad about the fundamentals of `` the religion of peace '' without suffering consequences , and it may get worse yet again - especially with the socialists in power . 
  they love silencing those who do n't agree with them . 
  many people have a soft spot for the cool/nice black or arab guy ( which is ironically somewhat subconsciously paternalistic ) and there are n't that many famous ones to choose from , which in my opinion is why some often top these lists in france , while white french beloved personalities are so numerous that they each get scattered votes . 
  famous obviously appreciated minorities who get a lot of media coverage are sy , jammel debouze , zidanne and noah . 
  that 's about it . 
  they get all the `` i 'm a modern tolerant person so i 'll vote for that cool or funny minority dude '' votes . 
  not to be cynical , i 'm sure some vote for them out of good faith ... 
  i hate how the media treats these lists because it has been that way for years now but each time the media presents it as something amazing and new - and try to deduce some pc explanation about how mentalities are changing or some shit like that , `` despite the success of the front national '' . 
  lol . 
  ridiculous . 
  yes we could have ... 
  but americans joined in , so there was joint cooperation ... 
  if they had n't , we 'd have done it ourselves , it just would have been more expensive for us . 
  like us , the us had interests in participating . 
  they did n't participate simply out of the kindness of their hearts to help out some incompetent european military , which are among the most technologically advanced and professional in the world . 
  i agree with most of what you said , though you emphasize too much on the ethnic/color factor although i did n't really speak of ethnicity , but rather of cultural differences . 
  granted , however , that color difference does play a role in integration , by both the majority who may discriminate on those who look different , and the ethnic minorities themselves who may feel and want to be different/separate from the rest ( communitarianism ) . 
  i feel integration , and social integration as well , is only possible when immigrants stay relatively few in numbers . 
  i do n't think it 's possible to have a peaceful integration if immigrants are numerous enough to form ethnic neighborhoods , entire communities where they would n't need or have the opportunity to interact with the native culture and population . 
  many people say countries form ethnic ghettos with their immigrants , but it seems to me many times ethnic neighborhoods are formed by the immigrants themselves . 
  no country decided to create a chinatown . 
  it created itself , by chinese immigrants deciding to go live where other chinese people did , and in time formed a chinatown on their own . 
  thus chinese immigrants are often not at all socially integrated , though , contrary to african immigrants , they tend to not resolve to violent crime or form ethnic gangs . 
  if in small numbers , immigrants seem to integrate , socially and in general , very well . 
  but when a country like france lets in 200,000 immigrants each year , most of them coming from africa and the middle-east , integration is painful . 
  200,000 a year is enormous , equivalent to the population of aberdeen , and to that of the french city of rennes ( 11th largest city ) . 
  it makes integration especially more difficult when there already are massive integration difficulties with immigrants ( or children of immigrants ) who are already here . 
  the integration of immigrants has been on the forefront of public debate in france since a decade at least and yet we 're still importing massive numbers of unskilled labor from third world countries , although we do already have unskilled and massively unemployed immigrant populations here . 
  that 's why i 'm for restricting immigration more . 
  from africa and the middle east because that 's where most immigrants to europe come from , and because since they 're of a very different culture , their integration is harder than for , say , a spaniard or pole . 
  not to mention historical and cultural factors will often lead some african youth immigrants not wanting to integrate , and hating france ( even though spain and italy suffered bloody conquests in the past from france , they have largely moved past historical differences - and i 've never heard a spanish immigrant complaining about how napoleon massacred spanish people or something ) . 
  the situation is very complex and i do n't want to seem like i 'm generalizing , but do your country a favor , and support parties who would rather prefer selective immigration of skilled workers , and not massive imports of unskilled labor , especially if they 're from outside europe - and thus you 'd avoid the problems massive immigration countries like england , sweden , france and germany have . 
  i did n't speak of white people , but whatever . 
  migration from within the eu of people with a similar and highly compatible culture tends to be preferable , because integration , and eventually assimilation , is easier . 
  this is linked to my `` culturally too different '' reason . 
  anyone who is n't pc accepts that massive immigration from other continents is harder to integrate - and trust me , it is preferable if immigrants integrate . 
  i realize scotland has more european immigrants than anything else , but other countries have much more immigration from africa and the middle east than from other eu countries . 
  in germany , the vast majority of immigrants are turks , not poles . 
  in france , most are algerian , not spanish . 
  and those are only the ones who managed to get here . 
  otherwise i would n't be surprised if a billion people from around the world would gladly move to europe if it were made easier . 
  you want to share a bit of the burden , scotland ? 
  you can have all our north-african immigrants if you want . 
  they 'd breed you out in a generation . 
  thing is that many protests end in arrests in western europe too . 
  in france , to protest legally one needs to ask permission to the `` prefecture of police '' beforehand . 
  that 's mostly so the police can be aware of it , and prepare accordingly ( in the vast majority of cases they accept the demand to protest , but they still want to be informed ) . 
  if the protest was n't asked beforehand , people can be arrested , and then claim martyrdom . 
  regardless of if one agrees with the following `` peaceful protest against the islamification of europe '' in brussels a few years back , many [ eu political leaders who participated were arrested pretty violently ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whfs9athwuu ) . 
  many reasons can be given for arresting political leaders who dare protest : disturbing the peace , violence , or , when they 're far right ( or sometimes ecologist activists ) it 's apparently ok . 
  i do n't see much difference with the russia thing . 
  to be honest , while i agree that the russian government is oppressing and needs to be more democratic , i do n't really trust some western reporting on specific situations there . 
  there 's a bias and double standard , so i 'd want more information on particular events to have an opinion about them . 
  it is somewhat of a major topic in europe . 
  i 'm highly against it for the following reasons : * culturally too different . 
  though a secular country , and though istanbul is very modern , the general population is very religious . 
  while the irish and poles are as well , they 're christian , and europe has a christian heritage hence they 're very compatible , and albania may have a slight muslim majority , they do n't practice much and anyway they 're not in the eu yet . 
  * geographically and historically not european . 
  people seem to object to that argument . 
  i think it 's perfectly sound . 
  apart from istanbul ( which i feel is too bad the greeks did n't manage to conquer back but that 's off topic ) turkey is n't in europe , nor is its historical center . 
  it 's in the near-east , and borders middle eastern countries currently in conflict . 
  * immigration : turkey would be a major gateway to yet more massive immigration from the middle east to the rest of europe . 
  * politics : the cyprus problem , the armenian genocide denial , the kurdish problem , and turkey 's general recent human rights record . 
  * taking the above points into account , turkey 's strong population would make it very powerful inside the eu . 
  i 'm talking about dealing with current acts of antisemitism , not blaming german society as a whole . 
  i feel antisemitism is taken extremely seriously in france , and probably is also in germany . 
  it 's already very hard for hetero couples to adopt children in france ( and most developed countries ) . 
  they 're scrutinized , evaluated and on a long waiting list . 
  if pedophiles , gay or hetero , wanted to adopt a child just to abuse him they 'd need to be extremely good at deceiving and elaborate a long plan which probably would n't be worth it . 
  agreed . 
  it 's not like taxing a thousand millionaires and a dozen billionaires would help reduce france 's 1 700 billion public dept. 
  while i tend to agree that it 's somewhat outrageous that one person could earn millions a year ( i would n't even know what to do with that kind of money ) the taxing rate at 75 % for earnings over a million is excessively high , and obviously a populist move . 
  thing is i 'm not even sure most french people agree with it . 
  my mother did give some very modest presents to my dentist and surgeon when i was a kid and was operated on successfully by them ... 
  but then again , my mother 's american . 
  but i do think it 's considered pretty much illegal ( or frowned upon ) for a doctor in france to accept an expensive gift . 
  flowers , or sweets or whatever is ok though . 
  that 's what my mother gave . 
  did i say i supported that , dickhead ? 
  i support minority languages . 
  however , there 's no comparison today between france not recognizing minority languages ( although they can be learned in public schools - i could take a breton class in my public school in paris ... ) and the plight of the remaining serbs in kosovo . 
  maybe it was comparable back in the day , not anymore . 
  idiot . 
  a type 1 world ? 
  is that a world where everyone speaks the same language and everyone looks alike and there 's basically one universal culture ?
