  if omar comes from morocco and immigrates where he can in spain because his life in morocco sucked , and he happens to find an opportunity in the basque country , he typically will give no shits about basque people 's wishes . 
  i just feel independence movements are inherently an ethnic-cultural thing , and maybe i 'm stupid , but i ca n't find the logic in leftist leaning regionalists . 
  in france we have the breton regionalists who are typically leftist , and i always thought it was ludicrous because your arab immigrant typically gives no shit about the celtic identity . 
  the typical corsican regionalists are very right wing , borderline racist . 
  and that seems more logical to me . 
  [ duck confit ] ( http://a137.idata.over-blog.com/2/83/97/70/confit-pommes-sarladaises.jpg ) , one of my faves . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duck_confit ) [ crepes ] ( http://ecole-creperie84.fr/wp-content/uploads/2009/01/galette-la-jambon-fromage.jpg ) of course . 
  they can be salty ( for main course ) or [ sugary ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e7/cr%c3%aape_opened_up.jpg ) ( for desert ) . 
   countries that depended on us in the past are still our friends and ask our assistance . 
  why should we help them if it 's not worth it ? 
   - president de gaulle . 
  back in the day , great leaders were so much more straightforward and honest . 
  good times . 
  anyway , i love how it 's only `` exploitation '' of other countries ( cue the somber music ) when it 's western countries towards africans . 
  the fact that it 's basic diplomacy worldwide does n't matter . 
  edit : lol , at around 12:45 some french white guy is served a drink by a colored man , and the documentary subtly makes it as if there was some sort of colonial oppression . 
  i 'm sure the servant is payed guys . 
  i served people too . 
  got ta love these media tactics . 
  now , i 'll try to explain my following thought without sounding racist or stupid or whatever , but there 's something i do n't understand with `` progressive-leaning '' independence movements like the message of this video . 
  i notably want to address the question of this video basically saying immigrants can join in for basque independence , and the mention of foreign ( ie , non-basque , non-spanish or non-french ) names like `` omar '' and `` mamadu '' . 
  what 's the justification for independence if it 's not on an ethnic basis ? 
  what are basques ? 
  are they just a language then ? 
  considering at least the spanish basque country has large autonomy and all , how would independence make things gratifyingly different if an independent basque country disregards ethnic differentiation , and joins the eu , and basically does everything the same as an autonomous region . 
  to me it seems in that case they just want to have their country on a map , and that 's it . 
  i 'm not trying to be rude or insulting . 
  if basque people want to have their own nation i 'd support it . 
  but while i understand `` right wing independent movements '' who differentiate themselves on an ethnic line , who consider they 're a different people and thus should have a country , i do n't get multikulti independence movements , as ultimately , the multikulti aspect kind of defeats the purpose of being a different sovereign nation/people . 
  see what i mean ? 
  i was asking if you were debating this , because that 's totally off topic . 
  about your first paragraph , so ? 
  i 'm all for paying taxes so that students can get extremely cheap education . 
  are you debating this ? 
  otherwise , france produces a large amount of engineers . 
  french engineers , and it 's not me talking , are appreciated world wide and are subject to a brain drain to the us . 
  that 's the main problem france has . 
  it has difficulties keeping its good engineers it payed to educate . 
  spanish cross pyrenees for work . 
  africans cross gibraltar for work . 
  you got it . 
  the grass is always greener on the other side . 
  french universities are n't in the top of the tops because they 're public . 
  because they 're public they are susceptible to the secular values of the french republic . 
  the best british universities cost a shitload of money for students . 
  otherwise britain is filled with religious schools , be they muslim , christian , jewish and whatnot , and considering how they segregate children by nature , and how many of them see evolution in an unpositive light , i 'm not sure it 's better there . 
  finally , it 's not really from muslim countries that the best foreign students come from . 
  good news . 
  good decision . 
  agreed , and that 's my reason for supporting some kind of federal europe . 
  i do n't particularly like the eu , but i do dream of a federal europe . 
  the eu in itself is n't `` agressive '' enough in its foreign policy , and certainly is n't united enough , so still , although it 's , as a union , the first economic power , everyone still laughs at us , because within the eu we are also against eachother in some ways , and have no unity . 
  even just the richer and more powerful countries of the eu , if united ( like , say just germany and france . . i do n't dare say france and the uk , since the uk are so opposed to any union with the mainland ) , they 'd count 5 times more together than the countries individually . 
  they probably did n't but ultimately , apart from french guyana the outermost regions are fairly small and probably would n't change the center that much as they even out around the world in a way ( with greenland leaving the eu proper ) . 
   `` seventy years is far too long to wait for a company to accept responsibility for the death and suffering it caused , '' he said in a statement . 
  thing is , the sncf ( rail company ) did n't `` cause '' the deaths . 
  they were as much forced to it as the people being deported . 
  this is a responsibility of vichy france and nazi germany . 
  not of some company which was forced to transport people , under threat of death to themselves too . 
  it 's like , your choice : be a hero , or get punished for not being suicidally brave . 
  there 's a reason why in most countries ' laws , you ca n't be held accountable if you do n't save someone 's life if the situation may endanger your own . 
  month . 
  yeah , a full time job is obviously above 1000 euros , because france remains a rich country with high living standards . 
  one could not survive in france with a salary under 1000 , because the cost of living is higher too . 
  i mean the minimum legal salary in france for a full time job is some 1200 euros or so . 
  but if you earn that in france , you 're poor and you ca n't buy anything else than basic commodities . 
  that 's pretty impressive . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  collecting euros is a hellhole , because each country also has `` commemorative coins '' , and there are a shitton of them . 
  :p link to the french wikipedia page , because the english one does n't have pictures : http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/pi%c3%a8ce_comm%c3%a9morative_de_2_euros, 
  i imagine the confused frenchmen when they first see this coin , with `` latvijas '' on it , which sounds and looks nothing like how we say `` latvia '' in french : `` lettonie '' . 
  i do n't have coins on me now , but living in paris , the coins which are definitely the most common for me are the french , german , belgian and spanish coins . . which make sense . 
  but obviously , i 've seen them all ( except perhaps the very rare ones like the vatican or whatever ) . 
  i got ta say though , the [ french ] ( http://www.eurocollec.info/images/pieces/france/france_1_euro.jpg ) and [ german ] ( http://decouvrirlespaysgermanophones.wifeo.com/images/e/eur/euro-allemand.gif ) coins are the coolest looking . 
  there 's nothing more boring than the face of a monarch or famous personality . 
  i think the stereotype for france is fairly true . 
  we have many social advantages and worker rights . 
  some countries in europe surely have it better than us , but i do n't know about other countries enough to take a guess . 
  but yeah , there 's a minimal amount of obligatory vacation days for workers ( and that 's not counting the national holidays which are numerous ) , and we ca n't get fired very easily . 
  firing people is almost too much of a hassle for firms ( unless the employee committed a grave error , and even then , there must be a discipline counsel and all . . one ca n't just get fired instantly like in american films ) . 
  however , taxes are high , and the difference between our pre-taxed salary and our taxed salary is enough to make me dizzy sometimes . 
  but yeah , overall , i 'd say the worker in france has a generally advantageous situation . 
  but the flipside is that we thus developed internship exploitation , and contracts limited in time , that we call cdd ( like , 6 months , after which your contract as an employee ends and the employer does n't have to hire you again ) . 
  it 's fairly hard for a young person to find a job which is n't like that . 
  the best is a cdi , which means the job contract does n't have a fixed ending , making it hard for the employer to fire you . 
   france and britain have compatible foreign policies . 
  nobody else does . 
  i disagree . 
  britain 's foreign policy is very much aligned with the us ' . 
  france on the other hand has a history of having its own independent foreign policy , much to the annoyance of the us . 
  not to mention everyone else , including the british expeditionary force , got their asses plowed down by the germans in the early stages of the war . 
  but it 's still shameful . 
  i use them all the time , and it 's still very common in france in general . 
  we mostly use them to pay for certain fees , like university for example , or social security . . one can use a cheque to buy grosseries but everyone agrees it 's a hassle . 
  i use your technique as well . 
  last time you fought in a war some 200 years ago you capitulated . . to the french . 
  so bitch please . 
  they were more popular back in the 80s and 90s when st\u00e9phanie de monaco had a popular singing career . 
  really ? 
  i know that defamation , hate-speech , and calls for violence are fined , but i never heard of a `` public insult '' law .
