  in france , where i 'm from , we call them `` red nazis '' . 
  as much as i dislike trolling on the internet when it 's plain stupid or mean , the fact that people would get jail time for essentially being thoughtless dicks on the internet seems insane to me . 
  i mean , when one trolls like that , you 're not yourself . 
  if the uk goes on like this , prosecutors will have to be acquainted with internet culture/trolling - or thousands could be jailed every month essentially because old judges take it too seriously . 
  for those who want to try it , there are 52 questions . . ( i thought it would never end ) . 
  anyway , i got 330 points ( 10 points for a right answer , 5 points for a second choice answer - out of three answers ) , knowing that almost a third of my right answers were lucky guesses . 
  pretty difficult test . 
  in contrast , we can see the `` diagonal of emptiness '' ( `` diagonale du vide '' in french ) , which is basically the line of low population density from north-east france to southern spain . 
  i 've always thought the map of europe looked cool . 
  i love maps , 
  quote me defending them , and the `` golden dawn can argue . . '' quote does n't count of course , because i was making a point , not saying i believed this was right . 
  saying i 'm defending them just because i refuse to praise `` antifascist '' groups is like saying that i wish the german nazis had won because i refuse to praise the ussr . 
  and before you all start screaming fake offense , i 'm not comparing these `` antifascist '' groups with the ussr . 
  i know they now all reject the ussr , i know the ussr was n't real communism , nor anarchy . . etc. . all i 'm saying is that i dislike these `` antifascist '' groups . . 
  i do n't dislike antifascism , i dislike these groups who call themselves `` antifa '' and `` black blocs '' and everything related to redskin , anarcho-punk urban culture ) . 
  how many times must i say i 'm not defending golden dawn ? 
  what the fuck are you answering to ? 
  and as for these anarchists being intolerant of those who do n't share their views , i was speaking of people who are n't racists , like simple mainstream right-wingers , capitalists or whatever , which these `` antifascists '' indeed call `` fascists '' and `` racists '' since apparently , everyone who is n't an anarcho-commie is a `` fascist imperialist racist '' . 
  golden dawn can argue that they are defending their ( ethnic greek ) neighbors , since apparently they are taking the place of the absent police ... again though , and i do n't know how many times i have to repeat the same god damn thing , i 'm not trying to defend golden dawn , or even saying that they and the `` antifascists '' are equally bad , i 'm saying i do n't have much sympathy for these `` antifascists '' either since from experience these people are n't angels , as they tend to be pretty aggressive and intolerant to those who do n't share their views . 
  go on , mutually pat yourselves on the back . 
  i 'm not going to debate this with you since it 's about personal experience , and there 's no way for me to prove it to you . 
  but i 've dealt with redskins , anarcho-commie punks , and whatever the hell you want in the far left , and when they are in a position of power they do n't act like nice schoolgirls , they intimidate and assault whoever is n't at least on the left like they are . 
  i 've probably dealt more with those kinds than you ever have , and i 'm certainly less ignorant about them than you are . 
  and i know the definitions , idiot ... do you know how many freedom fighters and anti-totalitarians fought for these communist revolutions ? 
  some did n't , many did , and were eventually content with the totalitarianism which stemmed from it as a necessary step . 
  also , i 'm not trying to defend golden dawn , i just do n't want to applaud these anarchist and commie groups either . 
  agreed . 
  sorry guys . 
  while `` antifa '' sounds nice , from my experience , at least the leaders , or the most active `` antifa '' tend to be the far-far-left type , and they are ironically just as fascist as the enemy they claim to fight . 
  i 've seen antifa militants smack a young girl because she had the audacity of distributing mainstream right wing pamphlets in front of a left-wing-held university . 
  i mean we 're talking about people whose organizations were ex-maoists , and ex-stalinists , until the crimes of said regimes were exposed . 
  these people are ruthless , and if they were elected in power , they would n't give the capitalists an easy chance of being democratically elected again . 
  after all their `` class warfare '' , if they have power , they wo n't just give it up . 
  we 're talking about extremists posing as human rights defenders . 
  we 've seen this shit already many times . 
  i think the eu should have stuck with countries with similar economies and average salaries and social rights , plus countries which were actually motivated by the project ( the uk never really has been ) : the original founders ( france , germany , benelux countries , italy ) , and then additional countries which had the motivation and proper economies ( austria , scandinavian countries . . ) . 
  new entries and integration should have been more severe . 
  by that i mean we should have focused on a couple countries which had clear motivation and economic potential ( like czech republic , hungary . . ) , and helped their economy reach western countries ' level before integrating them . 
  that would have been especially better for the eurozone , but i think it should apply also for european integration . 
  it seems these people in the parliament and commission want to rush the expansion of the eu , which makes no sense to me . 
  small steps would be more prudent . 
  if a federalized state is the ultimate goal , it would have been ten times easier with limited nations with close ties ( germany/france/benelux ) . 
  i mean , what ties do the portuguese feel with the polish ? 
  then step by step , expand to nations which want to join and earn it - with a progressive `` annexation '' ( if i may ) to the federalized european state . 
  poland has a higher land mass and population than most other eu countries , plus it 's the most pro-european eastern european country and well situated between the eu and russia - so it 's pretty strategic . 
  yeah , but skinheads doing this often embarrass other `` far right '' parties who otherwise do n't officially espouse any form of fascism . . often these skinheads support the default party closest to their anti-immigration ideas . 
  if this story is interesting it 's because it 's one of the leaders of the party , not some mindless supporter . 
  fun fact i learned the other day , biker gangs are the only native us organized crime which has been exported in other countries ( like russian , italian , chinese . . etc. . mafias are exported to other countries , the only us-born organized crime which has successfully been exported are its biker gangs ) . 
  otherwise , i think the police are harassing these hell 's angels guys . 
  i 'm also pretty sure it 's easier to harass them than immigrant gangs , which is why they take more heat . 
  yeah , it 's weird , but he was trying to address the spanish , so i have no problem with it . 
  he speaks well too . 
  otherwise , yeah , the seats are most often empty , that 's how much of a joke this parliament is . 
  is there are source and proof this is n't photoshopped ( i would n't be surprised if this were real , because golden dawn do seem to be real neo-nazis , unlike other `` far-right '' parties in europe , but i still would n't mind some backchecking for this ) . 
  there are estimates of course ; from sociologists , religious authorities , and from the prison system itself for practical reasons - though i do n't know how they can do it without slipping into unlawful religious statistics . 
  here 's a washington post article which says an estimated 60-70 % of inmates in france are muslim . 
  i found an english article for you , but there are tons of french articles with the same estimates - it 's a pretty generally accepted figure : http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/04/28/ar2008042802560.html, 
  do n't take it badly , it 's simply that for historical reasons , western europe has closer ties to north america and the rest of the non ex-ussr world , thus it 's a natural first choice destination for tourists . 
  also , one simply does n't rival easily against the prestige of french and italian world-famous landmarks , and london/england for its cultural dominance . 
  it 's sad to say , but if an american is given the choice to visit 3 european countries , chances are they will all be western european countries ( or greece ) . 
  i can give you some advice for france , but i 'll consider that you have at least a week to visit the country : - do not miss the mont saint michel in normandy , at any cost . 
  it 's the absolute best tourist destination ever . 
  maybe visit that site in the morning and noon , and take the rest of the day to visit the normandy region in general , which is nice cow-country , true rural france ( also , there are the ww2 beaches - with german bunkers and all , and allied cemeteries , which may interest you if you 're american ) . 
  - hit the `` chateaux de la loire '' , or `` loire castles '' in english i guess - those are essentially beautiful , lush and rich renaissance castles along the loire river which is center-west of france . 
  there are tons of them but maybe you should take a few days to see the most highly regarded ones ( internet search ) . 
  it 's a nice region to cruise through too . 
  - in paris , which is the obvious destination , check out the p\u00e8re lachaise cemetery ( do an internet search to fidn the graves of famous people ) . 
  perhaps , you can also take a bateau mouche , those are pretty nice because many of the most beautiful buildings are along the seine river : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bateau_mouche otherwise , visit the notre dame cathedral , walk the steps of montmartre , and if you like crowded massively huge museums , i guess you need to go to the louvre . 
  also , there are places that tourists tend to not visit much : the `` panth\u00e9on '' , which features the graves of famous french people like voltaire or hugo , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panth%c3%a9on,_paris , or `` les invalides '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/les_invalides which is a war museum and houses the tomb of napoleon . 
  in terms of security , you might want to avoid north-eastern paris which are the poorer parts - most are n't slums , but i guess you 're more likely to get mugged there than in the other parts ( i 've gone there hundreds of times and have never gotten mugged , so do n't be too paranoid , it 's just the least sure places in the city ) . 
  - if you want to check out the mediterranean coast , avoid marseilles , go to cannes or nice , or even monaco ( which is a separate country , as you surely know ) . 
  there , that should give you a broad idea of the country . 
  obviously , you wo n't have enough time to see less well-known things . 
  perhaps the uk needs to give london to france and france will give normandy to the uk , cause apparently that 's where the population exchange is happening :d, 
  well half is huge considering they 're supposed to be a minority . 
  kind of like how muslims are considered to represent 10 % of the population of france , at least , but represent 70 % of the inmates in prison . 
  literally , i 'd say `` racaille '' translates to `` rascal '' , however in modern/urban french it took a much more specific meaning , which is understood by everyone in france as referring to a specific social group . 
  in a sense , america has `` gangstas '' , france has `` racailles '' . 
  it 's for young hoodlums , youth gangs . 
  the kind that will mug you or ruin a night out , the kind that stereotypically listens to rap , that wears a baseball cap or hoodie , and walks around like a neanderthal , and speaks aggressively . 
  they come in all races , but typically they 're black or middle eastern . 
  for example : http://www.nationspresse.info/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/racaille-parisienne-001.jpg they 're comparable to what the british call `` chavs '' : http://21stcenturywire.files.wordpress.com/2010/11/chav23.jpg ( except that british chavs seem to have a much stronger proportion of whites ) . 
  nice try , but wrong . 
  algerians , or immigrants in general , did n't `` rebuild '' france after wwii . 
  that 's a common misconception . 
  immigrants represented less than 3 % of the workforce in 1950 . 
  i have sources to back this up if you want . 
  saying that they rebuilt france is an insult to intelligence . 
  also , i have sources proving that the importing of algerians to france was france being nice - trying to help algeria from its famine and to help algerians feel french . 
  the state had to force french industries to take in algerian workers , because otherwise they were considered inferior factory workers compared to french working class , or other european workers like poles or spanish . 
  they had inferior productivity - surely because they were n't used to industrialized work . 
  otherwise , algerians were officially french . 
  that 's pretty nice and nondiscriminatory when you think about it . 
  unlike the many vietnamese immigrants who moved to france , yet the vietnamese did n't cause the least bit of problem . 
  try again . 
  i would n't mind being white in an asian neighborhood in france . 
  now why are these communities so different ? 
  why are asian communities in europe generally less `` destructive '' , even though they arrived in similar conditions ? 
  that would be an interesting subject for a sociologist . 
  i 'd rather be white in france in general , but i 'd rather be arab in some neighborhoods just like one would rather be black than white in a us black ghetto ...
