  russian classical music is amazing . 
  the closing ceremony of sochi was amazing , with references to russian music , ballet and literature . 
  apart from the walloons , the british are the closest to us in northern france in terms of personality . 
  apart from the language difference , we may as well be the same people . 
  now some may take this as an insult considering the stereotype that the french are snobby and rude . 
  but i 'm talking about the real , actual , average people . 
  the british are the only tourists which look casually at home here , not all amazed or confused/lost , and that 's cause we 're so familiar with eachother . 
  they 're basically our closest friends , our friendly rivals . 
  italians know how to food . 
  they have the appreciation for quality eating . 
  they have actual standards . 
  german tourists seem to be , among europeans , the most polite and respectful . 
  dutch girls are the prettiest on average . 
  spain seems to be a great country to live in . 
  i 've always loved being in spain . 
  and we all know they should n't cause they 're basically a `` non-country '' !, 
  well they 're protesting against their men being drafted , not protesting the fact that only men are drafted . 
  well , the relationship is calculated as '' < 25 '' , whatever that means ... 
  so it could be quite a wide margin . 
  i mean slovak and czech could be a `` 10 '' , and slovak and croatian could be a `` 24 '' . 
  noticeable difference , i 'd presume , but still in the same arbitrary category they defined . 
  nah , it ca n't be that considering the more different the languages , the higher the number . 
  i 'm not british . 
  the reason why the british have a permanent seat in the un security council is because they were amongst the main victors of ww2 . 
  not because they have nukes . 
  regardless , that makes them geopolitically relevant . 
  the commonwealth is definitely not all show . 
  there is strong political influence and at least ties and alliance , all around the world , which many other countries could only wish they had a tenth of it . 
  i 'm glad you mentioned the queen . 
  all around the world people tuned in to watch the royal wedding . 
  that 's some massive cultural influence right there . 
  free publicity , and britain was the center of attention . 
  that 's not nothing . 
  that showcases massive relevance , that so many people would even be interested in this thing - even if it 's just for the folklore . 
  when other royal figures marry no one gives a shit beyond their country . 
  accusations of `` irrelevance '' to previous superpowers gets thrown around all the time , be it against britain , or france as well . 
  thing is that while britain is certainly not the number 1 global superpower that it used to be , saying that it now does n't even matter at all anymore is a superb exaggeration . 
  overall , countries which in general `` matter more '' than britain could probably be counted with the fingers of one hand . 
  britain still is in the top economies of the world , but it does n't only have economic relevance . 
  it still is a diplomatic great power , by being a permanent member of the un security council for one , but also through the commonwealth , and through being one of the most populous and richest eu countries ( hence more influence in the eu - the top market in the world ) . 
  and britain still is today a cultural superpower , notably thanks to english being a worldwide lingua franca , it can and does export its culture ( music , films , personalities ... etc ) with great ease . 
  militarily , britain ranks amongst the top few with a capable force , not to mention its nuclear deterrence capabilities . 
  now granted , the us as the sole current superpower dwarfs all the other countries in all of these areas . 
  but it 's not because britain is in the shadow of the us that it does n't matter anymore . 
  if we discount the us , britain is still up there . 
  it 's definitely still a relevant great power . 
  well since i have family in normandy i go there often and there are quite a lot of british retirees . 
  however , while they do mostly keep to themselves , i indeed do n't feel they 're necessarily bad . 
  not only is there plenty of room for them in the norman countryside , plenty of houses which desperately need to find buyers , many of the british retirees who come here are n't rich pricks , and just chose to live in the rather `` harsh '' , modest and isolated countryside of normandy , not too far away from home . 
  one of the british neighbors where my family lives is a retired london taxi driver . 
  they housed their british granddaughter in the norman village for a few years so she could go to the public school there and learn french . 
  pretty good idea . 
  [ some crow steels a guy 's joint ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hspje0ipwd0 ) [ when are the regional elections ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ml0gwp0euok ) - and the sweet old lady answers `` i do n't care , i 'm an anarchist and i would like to destroy capitalist society '' . 
  [ cat crashes in bakery door ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xomissj9rk ), 
  seems like your normal [ fromage de ch\u00eavre ] ( http://www.chevreriedelecaillon.fr/photos/vignettes1/ambiance_rondin_du_nord.jpg ) ( goat cheese ) . 
  seems like turkish to english google translation is much better than with other languages . 
  quite surprised at that . 
  but ... but we 'll lose our president-kings we cherish so much . 
  what is our country coming to ? 
  :( next thing you know they 'll remove the presidential right to full dictatorial powers in the event of a crisis . 
  his map makes absolutely no sense . 
  britain is a longtime portuguese ally . 
  france is an old time enemy but recent immigration destination . 
  yet he puts both in a dislike category , but britain worse than france despite history . 
  hey , you put taxes on tea and burned the white house . 
  belarus did n't do shit to murica . 
  leave belarus alone !, 
  i 'm also shocked by this . 
  we 're so used to getting so much shit from everyone online , yet in this thread it seems people from the balkans to ireland but us in the love or like category . 
  * tear *, 
  asylum does n't really favour reasons of poverty . 
  especially from russia where people are n't exactly starving , but just living modestly . 
  my step mother who 's indian worked for a court in france as a translator for sri lankan asylum seekers . 
  i can tell you that the process is n't very easy despite the numbers of granted asylum seeming large , especially as judges smell through the bullshit sob stories most of the time . 
  i would n't be surprised if many asylum seekers from russia can justify it for reasons of sexual or ethnic discrimination . 
  in that sense , these people would want to go to the west for civil liberties . 
  i agree . 
  bush laughed about it . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with his reaction . 
  also , to answer ops question , though `` merde '' does mean `` shit '' , in france we 're not that conservative about bad words . 
  `` merde '' is barely even considered a bad word , though it 's true it 's preferable not to use it at a job interview . 
  he 's the [ most awkward ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiqgcqwe6ky ) guy , and the harm is done , the media will eat that shit up every time . 
  poor feller !, 
  so you bought a domain name that sounds eurosceptic to put pro-eu content in it ? 
  just wondering if i 'm getting this right , or if `` withdrawal '' can mean something else than i think it does . 
  thanks . 
  the pdf would n't load for me . 
  what 's really an important factor for me is r&d . nyc seems to dwarf everyone in that department . 
  at least they got that right . 
  yeah , sometimes the level this sort of thing goes to is just insane and completely unwarranted . 
  but i 'm not even surprised anymore . 
  i am partly anglo . 
  i 'm a dual french and american citizen , english is my mother tongue . 
  they 're appealing to an anglo audience , who are obsessed with the french . 
   no matter how much they grow to loathe the french themselves . 
  this , as frenchmen , is the kind of shit we have to deal with on a constant basis from anglo articles . 
  the pictures in op 's link are castles , so yes , i call them castles . 
  thing is that rich people will rather live near cities . 
  many castles were the houses of noble lords , sometimes living deep in their domains , where now there 's nothing but countrysides and small villages .
