  * french food is n't just pretentious little gourmet stuff that most of you probably think it is . 
  real , common french food is meaty , full of rich sauces , and pork and thick creamy cheese and whatnot . 
  * we do n't suck at war !, 
  * french engineering is great . 
  i do n't know how this came about . 
  probably just because french car brands market for the middle class . 
  french engineers are valued , and we 're leaders in things like high speed trains , esa , airbus , nuclear technology ... etc. . we 're top notch . 
  * we do n't go out of our way to discriminate muslims out of racism or something . 
  it 's not our fault if you do n't understand secularism and if they ca n't handle it :p * we do n't work little . 
  we 're amongst the most productive worldwide , and the 35h work weeks is just a minimal social right to what is considered `` full time '' . 
  most work extra time . 
  fuck the aurignacian invaders !, 
  mousterian are the real europeans !, 
  the thing is that it 's quite difficult to pin down , that 's why i spoke of a `` general vibe '' . 
  if i had to put it into words , i 'd say in the us people tend to be much more expressive about their feelings , they communicate more and `` have a talk '' . 
  in europe there 's generally an emotional modesty or introversion . 
  in the us , everything is large and out there in your face , and in europe it 's simpler , more discreet , and about the little things . 
  for a european going to the us , you do feel that the us is a `` land of opportunity '' because there 's a larger scale , and little consistency , just a glorious mess of everything , so anyone can just jump in . 
  in europe , there are certain ways to go about things . 
  very true . 
  i 'm actually a dual french and american citizen , though i 've never lived in the us . 
  my mother being american , and my education bilingual , i do have a decent grasp of american culture . 
  however , the us just feels so alien to me . 
  not only for how it looks , but the general vibe , the mentalities , are very different . 
  i 'm much more at ease in the european countries i 've been to , be it denmark or spain , the uk or italy . . etc. 
  ( not saying they 're * better * , just that europe feels like home , whereas the us does not despite it being a western country too with similar general values ) . 
  [ sssh . . no tears ... only dreams now ] ( http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/i/81ab0z0inpl._sy355_.jpg ), 
  also , professionals of tourism consider that when the tourism sector accounts for more than 12 % of a country 's gdp , it 's a problem , considering how deeply affected tourism levels are by even the mildest or short lived event ( oil prices , plane accident , terrorist threat . . ) . 
  so 9 % is good enough . 
  i work in a hotel in paris , and after the charlie hebdo terrorist attack everyone cancelled , and we had almost no customers for a couple months ... 
  which in of itself is ridiculous considering how localized and rare that type of event is . 
  but the international media focused so much on it that people were scared to come . 
  they would have had a great time though , with cheaper prices and no lines in the touristy areas and whatnot . 
  so , next time a western country is a victim of a localized terrorist attack , pack your bags and go there , 
  well , after 10 years of instability , it can only go up really . 
   so , what is for you to be european . 
  do you identify with it at all ? 
  the european identity is cultural , historical and geographical . 
  cultural ties lie in our inheritance from ancient greco-roman culture , christian religion ( though i 'm an atheist , and i understand it may exclude some , like albanians , who thus have other factors making them european ) , and more recent periods of advancement such as the renaissance , but especially the enlightenment and the earlier development of industrialization and the scientific method . 
  for those late to the party , notably because they were under ottoman rule , they were still yearning to be a part of it , and have . 
  history ties us all together , despite constant war . 
  we 've been tied together as neighbors , ruled by the same monarchs , same dynasties , same civilizational structures and whatnot , and our extra-european neighbors ( turks , north africans . . ) have often been considered outsiders , which reinforces our own closeness in comparison . 
  geography has its importance because it establishes the boundary for europe , which is n't an artificial concept . 
  it 's grounded in reality . 
  and otherwise , the us , canada , australia ( etc. ), 
  may as well be part of it too . 
  their history though , also allows for a differentiation , since they do not have a medieval period for example . 
   do you have any attachments to any european symbols ? 
  like a capital or something . 
  that 's a good question , but i ca n't really think of one unifying symbol . 
  i do think we need some to reinforce the sense of unity . 
  but it 's always tricky considering we 've been separate for so long . 
  perhaps symbols taken from antiquity or even prehistory would work . 
   can you imagine to reduce one day the official language to one , for exemple english even if you like your national language more ( i mean , it is the easiest , why not ? ), 
  it would be easier , but the languages are part of european identity . 
  it 's thus useless to speak of european identity if we 're then going to downgrade our languages in favour of one . 
  english is used the most in the eu parliament naturally . 
  one does n't need to legislate to force it in . 
  it 's happening on its own , as english became lingua franca , and we should let it happen on its own ( which may change , who knows ) , without pushing aside , through law , the other languages , as this would cause tension . 
   and can you people imagine one day to have ( or maybe you already have it ) as primary identity europe and as second , more of an regional identity , the nation ? 
  i feel european , i feel at home all over the continent , and i 'm a french european . 
  i do n't feel it should be seen as one over the other . 
  french first , european second ? 
  no , it 's rather that i 'm french , hence i 'm european . 
  or i 'm european , and to be more precise ; french . 
  i could have learned breton if i wanted to in my public school ... in paris . 
  but do n't get me wrong , it 's a sad thing that breton is disappearing . 
  but there is breton in some public schools ( if there 's a demand ) , there are bilingual signs in brittany and whatnot . 
  but there needs to be a demand , and politicians would surely respond to those . 
  there 's no oppression of minority languages . 
  for reference , i asked the same question two years ago  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/157zg7/which_neighboring_european_country_would_you/, 
  hey guys , you can point out mistakes without being so damn negative or insulted . 
  imagine the amount of work that was needed to try to get all these languages right . 
  damn ... 
  we got the `` w '' long before the internet and computer age , however , chances are we did loan it as it proved useful to spell that sound in foreign words . 
  no need to get all sarcastic about it as if these maps were insulting . 
  people are so negative here . 
  these maps are impressive despite some slight errors . 
  the first map in this list works as a disclaimer , and regardless , the linguistic research is impressive so no need to be so negative about it . 
  i love it when the * british * , of all people , criticize * our * cuisine . 
  i did n't know the french were stereotyped as stupid or as marsupial-burners . 
  his speech , invented by the author , was intended as future slang though . 
  but it does sound old-fashion somehow . 
  this guy needs to take a stance . 
  you 'll always get people from the country being talked about whining in the comment section of youtube . 
  chances are they 've only seen the video relative to their own country anyway , especially if they 're from a country that 's usually not talked about by others , so it 's not like they 're viewers that need to be pleased . 
  if armenia claims azerbaijan is destroying armenian sites , and azerbaijan denies it and whatnot , surely there are reports which give a definitive answer to the question , and it must be said . 
  edit : interesting video nonetheless . 
  i 'll be watching some others . 
  regardless even , i 'd argue that in the us , the guy 's soft accent may produce more empathy and willingness to help a lost foreigner . 
  no i would n't support this for the simple reason that there 's too much risk that this test ( and potentially the courses to study for it ) will be ideological rather than purely abstract , and would filter out those who could potentially not `` vote well '' ( ie like the current system wants them to ) . 
  in france i 've mostly heard left-wingers defend this `` voting license '' idea , arguably because they believe they 're more aware about the * important * social issues and may believe that those who do n't vote like they do are just ignorant of the issues they care about . 
  kind of how in high school , my history-geography teacher was communist , so i just wrote down what she wanted to hear . 
  i 'm just very unconvinced that police harassment leads to more crime , if any , despite the fact everyone seems to imply that 's somehow the case . 
  i 'm more inclined to believe the opposite happens . 
  i guess the argument is that police harassment leads to the `` victims '' believing they 're out of the system . 
  at best i 'll admit to some sort of vicious cycle . 
  i 'm from the banlieues . 
  i did n't do any of those . . 
  the biggest reason why their neighborhoods are shit is because others in their neighborhoods turn it to shit .
