  so who won gold ? 
  sorry i do n't follow basketball . 
  i 'm not jewish but the daily life of jewish people in france is n't as bad as the constant media reports on antisemitism in france will have you imagine . 
  i have a couple jewish friends and it 's not like anybody is seeking them out so they can tag their cars with antisemitic messages ... 
  i also see jews wearing kippas from time to time , just casually walking in paris . 
  however , i would n't wear a kippa in a muslim project . 
  but to be fair , me as a blond haired white guy , i would n't walk alone in a project either , especially as an outsider . 
  but i 'm also aware that jews walking around with a kippa might get insults thrown at them , but only by people who are antisocial in the first place . 
  not the average joe . 
  in my school and college years in the paris region , my classes were quite multiracial , and there were always at least a couple jews in my classes , and there did n't seem to be any targeting against them . 
  though i imagine a jewish kid in a `` ghetto banlieue '' neighborhood 's school might not have a very good time . 
  basically , from my non-jewish perspective , i imagine that young jews may be targets of physical threats or whatnot from hoodlums ( mostly muslim hoodlums ) , and sure , there 's some casual antisemitism from the general population . 
  but i do n't have the impression that danger is overwhelming . 
  not to mention non-jews get mugged or attacked too by hoodlums , though granted they 're not necessarily targeted for their religion or race , at least not as obviously as jews can be . 
  i remember him in his early days . 
  at the time he was into egyptian mythology , [ kemitism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kemetism ) . 
  with his groups they 'd praise ra or something . 
  they were the kind of black people who were convinced the ancient egyptians were blacks . 
  then he decided he was muslim . 
  and finally , he moved to senegal to help build the country or whatever . 
  but to be honest , respect . 
  he was the guy always spitting on france , and the west , and talking about pan-africanism and whatnot . 
  then after years of complaining , he actually followed his words with real actions and moved to senegal . 
  i was not expecting that . 
  the only thing like that which is widespread is for quebec ( which i know , is n't a country ) , as we refer to quebecois as our cousins . 
  otherwise , we may like italians , and spaniards and whatnot , but we do n't call them using family names . 
  technically we do refer to quebecois as our `` cousins '' . 
  i find it very inaccurate for france . 
  nothing against romania , but i do n't know anyone in france who 'd call them `` brothers '' . 
  what ? 
  because they speak a romance language ? 
  no one knows anything about romania here . 
  swedes are n't really known for meatballs here . 
  germans best friends ? 
  maybe on a political level ( before hollande ) . 
  while we do n't mind them on a personal level , we are n't exactly very close . 
  anyway , there are many others like that . 
  agreed . 
  it 's not about some percentage . 
  also , those 930 are only those who had the means , will , and perhaps the `` courage '' or social pressure to carry through and actually go there . 
  among the young muslims in france , and particularly the `` racailles '' type ( = hoodlums ) i would n't be surprised if support for isis is n't a rare occurrence . 
  aha , the imgur link deleted its title !, 
  i fucking hate it when people do that . 
  but yeah , the imgur link had a title along the lines of `` the edl is for banning burkas but ironically they 're wearing this '' . 
  sure , but again , islamists were n't the first extremists to use them either . 
  they 've been around as a preferred concealing method for criminals , rioters , or the military and special forces and whatnot since before our current era of islamist terrorism . 
  what i 'm saying is that it 's ridiculous to think the edl was inspired by islamist militant gear . 
  islamists do n't own that `` style '' . 
  they merely adopted it , like the edl , from an older common inspiration . 
  the guy in the video is kind of awkward . 
  he does n't even seem to be looking at the lady when she 's talking to him . 
  anyway , does n't answer many questions . 
  i do n't think islamists invented [ balaclavas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balaclava_%28clothing%29 ) ... the english did ... 
  to be fair , the comparison to burkas in the imgur title is unfair . 
  this here is `` riot gear '' , not everyday gear like burkas are . 
  not strong at all in the french basque country . 
  some townships would be lucky to get over 10 % nationalist votes in local elections . 
  i think that 's due to a few factors which i 'll list here : firstly , the french basque country is n't very populated , and is geographically small compared to the spanish basque country . 
  the largest city in french basque country is bayonne , with some 44,000 people , which makes it the 10th largest basque city in total ( after 9 larger spanish ones ) . 
  the second `` large '' french basque city is biarritz , with only 25,000 people . 
  it 's a famous beach resort . 
  but anyway the rest is very rural . 
  secondly , back in the day france was more effective than spain in suppressing regional languages including basque . 
  the language is still understood or spoken by a considerable amount of people though ( 20 % or so ) . 
  also , politically , france is very united and centralized ( `` one nation , indivisible '' is a motto of the republic ) , whereas spain is composed of autonomous or semi-autonomous regions , which makes it a good breeding ground for regionalism . 
  to add to this , france has a lot of regional diversity , like spain , but despite this every native ethnic group is unconditionally considered part of the greater french culture , whether their region is germanic ( alsace , or historically normandy in a way ) , celtic ( brittany ) , italic-like ( corsica ) , catalan , occitan , basque and whatnot . 
  we all accept that we 're an amalgamation of gauls , franks/germanics , romans/italics . . etc. 
  i feel spain works more along the lines of there being ethnic spaniards , and otherwise the different regional minorities . 
  whereas in france we do n't see it that way . 
  that 's why we do n't understand that people might say that alsatians are germans , or that charlemagne was german , or napoleon italian . 
  we 're all of that too in how we perceive our national identity ... thirdly , some parts of what 's considered the french basque country are also traditionally part of gascony ( gascon is a dialect of occitan , a romance language family present in the southern half of france , which itself can be considered a dialect of french ) . 
  so the basques are n't clearly the only ethnicity there . 
  a `` french-like '' ethnicity/culture/identity is also traditionally present in some parts of the basque area . 
  fourthly the smaller french basque country is separated from the more actively separatist spanish country by the border ( which admittedly is non-existent since relatively recently because of schengen ) and by the pyrenees mountain range . 
  so spanish basque separatist influence is reduced . 
  still though , the french basques have a strong identity . 
  with their language of course , music , but also traditional gear , and sports , like running bulls , but also [ basque pelota ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basque_pelota ) which is widespread , and incidentally very awesome to watch . 
  here are some links for context : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basque_country_%28greater_region%29 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_basque_country, 
  i had heard that song already . 
  what is it and what 's it called ? 
  there is a basque country in france indeed , as well as a catalan country . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basque_country_%28greater_region%29 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_catalonia but the french basque and catalan areas have very little separatism . 
  i 'd call it largely negligible . 
  that 's perhaps due to the fact that they 're much smaller and much less populated than the spanish regions , and also that france did suppress regional languages more effectively back in the day . 
  but today the regional languages are still largely understood in those areas , yet there 's no strong push for separatism . 
  however , i would n't be surprised if the french government opposed spanish basque and catalan independence , out of fear that france 's own basques and catalans might want to secede and join their iberian counterparts . 
  unless we rather consider that now that the basques and catalans have a country to the detriment of spain , the basques and catalans in france would be even less of a problem because they 'd just be happy to know that their culture has its country already . 
  there 's a french catalonia , yes . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_catalonia but there 's no way france would turn into a federation :p, 
  usually independence movements concern the current administrative division of the separatist area . 
  that was the case for kosovo , despite the north of it being majority serb . 
  the reason is that if every township got a say about being among the separatists or staying in the home country , the result would be tons of pockets of each country inside eachother ... 
  so unless it 's only contiguous townships which vote against independence , it 'll all be a mess . 
  i 'm for respecting non-independence if it 's a contiguous area which is against it ( like northern kosovo ) , but the problem is that if we grant that , the towns which voted against independence but are n't in the contiguous area would be denied their vote , and they 'll be pissed ( because their vote was denied , whereas it was n't for those in the contiguous area ) . 
  exactly . 
  people always going about that people should have a right to decide . . etc. . ok then , how about a bunch of neo-nazis or islamists all move to a village , and vote for independence ? 
  what now ? 
  ultimately , people need to understand that it 's all not as simple as saying `` everyone should be allowed to vote for independence . '', 
  til about the charlemagne prize , awarded for `` distinguished service on behalf of european unification '' . 
  kind of ironic they chose charlemagne as a good representative of european unification , considering he achieved this through warfare .
