   but yeah , the artist was italian , and it 's an example of italian renaissance art . 
  but it 's french property . 
  again an american obsessed with ww2 . 
  no comparison . 
  the french did n't exile themselves to neighboring countries by the millions , and those who did , i have little respect for them , unless it was to join the free french forces . 
  not to mention it was allies ' interest to liberate france in the grand scheme of things . 
  but regardless , if you want to make that idiotic comparison , i 'll agree . 
  i do n't respect the government/military for failing and capitulating , and i do n't respect the vichy government for collaborating . 
  also i do n't respect current migrants/refugees today . 
  there you go . 
  world heritage denotes `` culturally significant '' things . 
  whether some people concluded that ( the best ) american wines are better or whatever makes little difference . 
  champagne and french wines are of utmost cultural importance , with a very deep tradition from century old vineyards , chateaux , and family inheritance . 
  the french people themselves have a strong relation to wine , have a very high standard , more so than most other places . 
  that 's why france drinks more alcohol per capita than some beer-happy countries , because the french drink wine all the time , and do n't only binge-drink on weekends . 
  there 's no comparison to the us , even california , in that regard . 
  so making the french vineyard tradition , or specific regions ( especially world-reknown champagne ) a world heritage makes perfect sense under the rules of unesco . 
  that 's what i feel whenever this is discussed but i do n't know how to express it without sounding like an ass . 
  if they `` have nothing '' but are young healthy males , the fact that they 're fleeing their country or region to fantasized rich countries , instead of fighting or working to improve their own country , in my books that makes them cowards at worst , greedy at best . 
  now i feel this perhaps because i 'm a patriot . 
  sure , i 'm not in their situation so granted , maybe i 'd flee too . 
  i do n't think i would , i 'm pretty sure i would n't , but i expect this kind of counter argument . 
  regardless , for these reasons i have a hard time finding respect or sympathy for them . 
  ^ ( i 'm so edgy ), 
  july 3rd should become a national holiday for reddit , a yearly reminder to the admins of `` the great july revolt of 2015 '' . 
  in my parisian apartment , my windows open to a tiny interior courtyard . 
  i never get sunlight and it 's miserable , but however , it stays fresh all the time . 
  i hardly feel heatwaves . 
  sometimes , it seems so cool from my apartment that i go out with a sweater , or even a coat , and then once i 'm outside i realize it 's hot as fuck so i have to go back up to leave my excess clothes . 
  it reminds me of the pyramid in blade runner . 
  i do n't think it 's that ugly . 
  also , for info , this tower would be at the edge of paris , in an area with little to no touristic value . 
  literally right at the edge , right before the suburbs . 
  check where it is on [ the map ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/tour_triangle ) . 
  it 's already in an area where there are lots of big buildings for expos and whatnot . 
  it 's not the heart of classic paris . 
  ( it would also be in the district i live in , but i doubt i 'd be able to see it most of the time ... the same way the only skyscraper in paris , the montparnasse tower , which is ugly as fuck , is right near where i live but i hardly ever see it ) . 
  back in the day , some trashy channel here ( m6 ) would hire professional bimbos to do the weather forecast ( perhaps they still do ) . 
  must piss off actual climatologists who 'd like to get a break/visibility working on tv . 
  i know most chosen for tv are still usually attractive , but that 's only part of the requirements . 
  they 're also professionals in what they do . 
  i 'm a self-taught boobologist and i volonteer to make my professional diagnosis to get to the bottom of this . 
  we 've also had a lynchmob on / r/europe against a french mod , which is reminiscent of the french revolution . 
  euro plebs unwillingly keeping the traditions of glorious france !, 
  france can into nordic ? 
  it does n't necessarily have anything to do with the eu . 
  france has had high unemployment since the 70s ( same rate as today ) , long before the eu was created , and at a time when the precursor to the eu barely had economic integration . 
   is there a stereotype that we get a lot of fog in the uk ? 
  in the ast\u00e9rix and the britons cartoon ( perhaps in the comic as well , i do n't remember ) , that stereotype is there . 
  as soon as they reach the british coast there 's fog and no visibility at all ( just shadows of the characters ) . 
  ast\u00e9rix asks if there 's always fog , and the briton accompanying them answers `` only when it does n't rain '' , and immediately it rains and the visibility is completely clear . 
  pretty fun little gag . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm also partial to ukraine as well . 
  not beach-side but kiev ( which is safe ) must be very cheap for western standards , while having everything one would need for a nice vacation . 
  french people generally do n't have an absolute need to learn another language considering the position of their country , as opposed to say , other countries with smaller populations and economies . 
  nowadays though , things are changing as many more jobs require speaking english . 
  things are improving . . just do n't be a fucking dick about your confirmation biases . 
  i 'm 100 % certain that dclauzel did n't make that mistake ( `` attentat '' ) on purpose , as it 's an extremely typical `` false friend '' , french-speakers very often make these mistakes because english has many french words which with time have changed in meaning , and dclauzel especially does n't have the best english and often makes these mistakes . 
  also why would he write `` attentat '' and then have an english language structure , using english words like `` in '' ? 
  makes no sense . 
  seriously , i 'm not trying to defend him . 
  i was among the first to call out probable political intentions when he deleted posts unfavorable to muslims . 
  but plenty of other french redditors have explained it to you in this thread , and yet you still refuse to believe it . 
  you need to understand that us french people know more than you do about `` false friends '' and how easy it is to make these mistakes . 
  stop denying it . 
  it was completely unintentional , and i 'm absolutely certain of it . 
  i agree , but op was just repeatedly refusing to believe that dclauzel had made a fairly basic and unintentional mistake , especially coming from a french-speaker , it 's a typical kind of mistake . 
  is n't it true ? 
  croatia seems to be the trend for beach vacations nowadays . 
  that was just my impression at least , again , i do n't care for beaches . 
  yeah , maybe i was being unfair . 
  i know about these closed resorts . 
  i guess i just do n't understand the point . 
  i 'm not a very sunshine/beach kind of guy so i ca n't really empathize . 
   it is like if i started speaking old english english takes a capital e. why are you intentionally using french grammatical rules to write in english ? 
  that offends me . 
  this is an english language sub . 
  you 're not allowed to make mistakes . 
  i do n't think these last attacks are a reason to not go to tunisia anymore . 
  i mean the chances you 're a victim of one is quite weak . 
  however i 've never quite understood why westerners would want to go to these relatively conservative countries to just sit on the beach all day . 
  you want nice sandy beaches in a cheapish country , with the added benefit that they 're free countries ? 
  there are plenty in croatia , greece , portugal , which also do n't have blocs of ugly buildings serving as beach resorts . 
  i guess i 'm just biased by my disinterest for north africa ( though i 'm sure there are plenty of beautiful things to see ... ) . 
  i 'm completely for a multilingual europe in every real-life circumstance , but on reddit , i hardly see the point . 
  ^ ( we should just all speak french here and close the debate :p ), 
  that 's ironic considering everyone reproaches the french of * not * giving up . . 
  belgians casually want to make a waterloo anniversary euro coin that would be distributed throughout the eu as common currency . 
  the french naturally feel singled out , especially as it concerns a revered figure , and they ask that it not be done , as is their right considering we all share the same currency . 
  belgians get pissed and call on french stereotypes , and they decide to thus produce it anyway as a commemorative coin . 
  we 're all allies and friends , but belgians insist on not listening to the concerns of its friendly neighbor . 
  in any other allied relationship , a focus on not offending your friends and neighbours would be paramount , yet under the protection of the eu , and knowing that there would n't be any severe consequences to such diplomatic missteps , some feel they can just offend eachother . 
  somehow the french are the assholes in this story . 
  germany , spain , italy , arguably `` famous '' countries , do n't get the same amount of disdain . 
  not even close . 
  germany gets systematically voted favourite country in polls here . 
  not to spit on germany , i love germany as i love all european countries , but i suspect it gets love because it has a seemingly strong economy , and people just admire that . 
  otherwise i do n't really understand why . 
  it does n't do much , hardly stands for any principles or does anything at all .
