  the swedish version was fine and recent . 
  no need for a remake . 
  but the american remake was still enjoyable to watch . 
  otherwise , to add another film to that list of yours , `` abre los ojos '' was remade as `` vanilla sky '' . 
  while `` vanilla sky '' was enjoyable to me , the original has that authenticity and crudeness which makes it better . 
  read my edit in my previous comment . 
  sorry , the quran and the bible have very different historical backgrounds . 
  christians understand the bible was written by many different authors . 
  some christians may believe the bible was inspired by god , but there is no theological requirement for it . 
  the quran is god speaking to humanity , word for word . 
  i know where you 're coming from . 
  `` all religions are equal '' is your motto . 
  they 're all the same , one can just put an equal sign between all of them , and between all of their texts . 
  fact is , that is very untrue . 
  the bible , the quran , the mah\u00e2bh\u00e2rata , the illiad and the eddas may be religious texts , but they are certainly not analogous and that is blatantly obvious for anyone who has studied religions . 
  actually , the fact that the quran is considered the be the literal word of god , and that it 's absolute blasphemy for a muslim to consider it otherwise , is extremely important . 
  that 's probably the single most important aspect of the muslim religion . 
  i ca n't even express how essential it is . 
  edit : you seem to be confusing with christianity with all that `` interpretations '' thing . 
  christians may or may not think the bible was inspired by god . 
  the quran , on the other hand , is god 's word from start to finish . 
   i do respect him for criticising fellow muslims that try to impose their beliefs on non-muslims , or other muslims for that matter that 's exactly the problem . 
  it should n't garner him more respect from you . 
  people are supposed to be moderate . 
  it sure as hell is normal and expected from christian or jewish moderates . 
  just because he 's a moderate muslim , one should n't respect him for it , one should think : `` of fucking course '' . 
  no need to pat him on the back . 
  we expect him to be that way ... though in my opinion he 's not moderate enough . 
  the difference being that most christians and jews do n't consider their bible to have been written by the hand of god ( muslims , on the other hand , are strictly required to believe that the quran is god 's word , by the letter ) , and most christians consider the laws of the old testament to be outdated , their bible being the new testament which , even i as a militant atheist have to admit is an extremely humanist book considering its time . 
  jesus ' message as described in the new testament is admittedly very modern , defending peace , love and forgiveness . 
  it 's actually quite amazing . 
  that does n't negate the fact that christians have committed crimes in the name of christianity , but objectively to me , they did n't understand jesus ' reported message . 
  islam is a religion , and a socio-political system which guides every aspect of a follower 's life much more than christianity does . 
  judaism on the other hand , is also a socio-political system . 
  thankfully , most jews tend to be secular . 
   the problem is still the attitudes of fundamentalists , not the religion itself . 
  other than the fact that people do blame christianity on many things ( come to france , christianity bashing is like a national sport here , and has been since before the revolution ) , to answer that statement of yours i must say that sam harris answers better than i could when he says [ the problem with islamic fundamentalism are the fundamentals of islam ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdmoxjhit0u ) ( watch the video , he 's a great speaker and has good points , and he is a left wing moderate so please do n't result to calling him just a `` anti-muslim '' bigot - he mostly cricizes christianity and judaism , since he 's american of christian and jewish background , but i think when it comes to his feelings for islam , he gets it and is not incombered by political correctness ) . 
  the guy is a muslim moderate by uk standards : that means he 's against imposing sharia on non-muslims , but does n't seem to have a problem with sharia . 
  there are actually many questionable things this guy is saying , but while `` anti-muslim bigots '' have a short attention span , people like you are like [ this ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_dm8sowspgra/svgiyq6ksji/aaaaaaaafve/jt3hdnv0nue/s400/6a00d8341bf89d53ef00e54f4503ce8834-640wi.jpg ) . 
  people like you have a bizarre attitude . 
  because this guy is n't a total douchebag extremist , you 'll applaud his comments like he 's some modern voltaire or victor hugo liberal-minded human rights defender . 
  he 's not gandhi . 
  he 's a muslim `` moderate '' who refers to sharia as ultimate law , he 's not in tune with western ideals of freedom that people like you should defend but who for some reason do n't when it comes to muslims . 
  you 're just happy that he 's not too bad . 
  we need to ask more from them . 
  sharia , death penalty for apostasy , community laws , obligatory dress codes ( . . etc. . ) are unacceptable in a modern western society . 
  yeah , those are historically catalan speaking regions . 
  the map however cuts short as [ a lot of spain 's east coast is historically catalan ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:catalan_in_europe.png ) , but the administrative catalan region does n't include these southern historically catalan regions . 
  however , i do n't know how prominent the catalan language is down there . 
  also , while french east pyrenees are historically catalan , one would have a difficult time finding someone there who actually speaks the language , so apart from some fringe groups there is no catalan nationalist movement in france , and obviously , the catalan government would be wise to not try to claim french territory . 
  no , most people under 60 today are still majority white , but when the baby boom generation dies , the non-white population will suddenly be much more numerous . 
  i 'd just like to see the european/non-european demographics of people under 10 years old in france and the uk . 
  and that may be pretty shocking . 
  difficult question , though the question assumes too much in itself . 
  perhaps europe will never become majority muslim . 
  here are things to consider for countries like france and the uk : * when the baby boom generation dies , in say , two to four decades , there will suddenly be a massive shift in demographics , considering most babyboomers , who account for most of the population , are native white european christians or atheists . 
  in their generation , there are very few non-europeans . 
  most immigrants , or people of immigrant origin , belong to the younger generations , so say if the uk is 85 % white , it 's like 95 % white christian for those over 60 , and much , much lower for those under 30 . 
  * if the uk and france become majority muslim , the world would have strong muslim-majority countries with sophisticated nuclear weaponry . 
  however , even if the uk or france have 51 % of the population claiming to be muslim , there would still be a very sizable `` minority '' of non-muslims whom politicians will have to account for , no matter how the `` transition '' occurs . 
  it may be peaceful and the muslim majority may be `` westernized '' and moderate , and they may adopt western values of freedom and tolerance , or it may cause extreme social and political strife . 
  other factors may come into play . 
  it 's anyone 's guess . 
  the uk and france have strong things going for themselves . 
  the uk has a very ingrained royal family , france has a very strong culture of secularism and human rights . 
  these things ca n't be ignored and would logically have influence in the future turn of events . 
  i personally think there will be many social troubles , more talks about anti-blasphemy laws ( because of the growing muslim population ) , and politicians will gradually need to cave in more and more to satisfy the muslim minority , until they become a majority . 
  many things can change until then , like muslims being more vocal in preferring a free society and embracing western ideals rather than extremist views , or people of immigrant origins moving back to their country of origins as their economy develops and europe 's stagnates . 
  or europe deciding itself that considering their stagnation they do n't want uneducated immigrants anymore . 
  many things can happen . 
  while the muslim population will continue increasing through birthrates , after a generation or two , their birthrate usually falls to the national level of their respective countries as they integrate/assimilate , ie adopt the general living habits of the developed country they 're in . 
  it 's mostly massive immigration ( and the first generation breeding level ) which accounts for the muslim population 's growth . 
  descendants of muslims who have come to france in the 50s tend to have one or two kids , like the usual native catholic family . 
  most muslims with a bunch of kids are these women who are actual immigrants from a third world country , not children of immigrants . 
   you 're using one persons comment to criticise a whole nations policy ( a policy you have fabricated ) . 
  are you serious ? 
  here 's the comment i was initially answering to :  monty python did not exaggerate when portraying the french having a hissy fit . 
  why do n't you tell him that ? 
  you should practically be on my side . 
  well , france is n't making a hissy fit either . 
  on the contrary , they 're like `` ok , if you do leave , we wo n't make a hissy fit '' ... fabius ' reuse of cameron 's `` red carpet '' expression may be a little stab , but i do n't see why one would call it a `` hissy fit '' more than britain complaining about being part of the eu for the last 40 years , which is all i was answering to in the first place . 
  situational irony ? 
  does n't that work here ? 
  the issue of being in the eu and not getting everything it wants from it . 
  not saying the uk is the only country in that position , most are . 
  we 're all having a fit about it . 
  so it 's pretty unfair do single out france , especially coming from the british who are the only ones seriously considering the `` screw you guys , i 'm going home '' strategy . 
  well , cameron did use language like `` red carpet '' , that 's why fabius is reusing it , as a direct reference . 
  but in the end , what he 's ultimately saying is that france will stay out of the way and let things go smoothly , something the british who want out should be happy about . 
  not to mention little jibes like that have existed in politics since time immemorial . 
  maybe you should `` grow up '' and understand how politics have always been . 
  it seems to me the british are having a hissy fit too on that issue , so it 's pretty ironic that you would say that . 
  nah , you 're not going to hell for this . 
  i think everyone agrees the ss had the coolest uniforms . 
  the wehrmacht in general looked the coolest , as opposed to the french who looked old fashioned , the british looked kind of silly and the american uniforms were too baggy and plain . 
  oh please ... 
  cause french soldiers do n't shoot at mosques or kick goats into rivers ( if you get my reference ) this is what the high command has to worry about . 
  i 've actually seen this scarf in shops in paris . 
  it 's pretty cool . 
  in the end , i get that it sends somewhat of a wrong message .
