  i 'm sorry you ca n't believe africans have tvs . 
  actually , i know it . 
  i even remember seeing reports on an add campaign in senegal trying to dissuade people from illegally emigrating by explaining that europe is n't the fantasy they see on tv or in adds . 
  you 're the one who 's disconnected from reality if you think these illegal immigrants are fresh from crawling out of some starving village . 
  but , whatever floats your boat . 
  if you want to believe your little fantasy about the poor noble savage african i definitely wo n't stop you . 
  to be fair though , there are indeed some of them who do correspond to your fantasy . 
  i 'll grant that to you . 
  truth is , many africans are fed with tv shows like friends or adds misrepresenting how good we have it in the west , and they just want a piece of it . 
  they think it 's paradise in the west . 
  in reality , many of these illegal immigrants were n't actually starving at all . 
  that 's largely a stereotype . 
  most illegal immigrants are pretty healthy men who just think they can get something better in the west , although they were n't even slightly desperate where they come from . 
  it is n't obvious , but it 's better than the current way of handling things . 
  it 's certainly better than saying we 'll try `` to assimilate them as fast as possible '' . 
  that 's the greatest incentive they could ever have . 
  well , we already have a problem with assimilating people who come here legally , let alone the illegal immigrants . 
  so the idea is to make our countries not desirable for illegals in the first place ( also it 's not about syria here ... you 'll notice in this video that all or most of these guys are blacks and thus presumably from africa ) . 
  the problem is that currently if illegals push their way through enough they 'll eventually obtain a legal status . 
  it should be made clear now : sorry , you wo n't get a legal status from now on . 
  that 's the first step . 
  word will spread hopefully . 
  then there are other incentives which can make our countries unattractive for illegal immigration , and sure , some might find it offensive . 
  there will always be `` human rights '' groups defending them . 
  but they 're responsible for the deaths of thousands of immigrants . 
  if there were n't so much pressure to eventually legalize illegal immigrants , they would n't have gone through dangerous routs to come here illegally in the first place . 
  i 'm happy netflix is coming to france . 
  but personally hoping they 'll offer relatively new movies and shows , and the option to see american/british productions in english . 
  on cable here most channels offer the option of seeing american films in english , but some main channels actually do n't . 
  so often i get excited about watching a film , and i get the bad surprise of realizing that the channel actually does n't allow me to program it in original english language . 
  really pisses me off . 
  sometimes i want to write to the channels which do n't offer the english option and tell them how mad i am :p, 
  yes , for both nationalistic and environmental reasons . 
  and that `` nationalistic '' refers to france , and then europe as well . 
  as in ideally i 'll buy french , then european . 
  and to go even further , i 'd buy then western , and then it 'll depend on each individual country . 
  for example i 'll be ok with buying japanese , and not so ok with buying russian . 
  for example , if i have a choice between tomatoes from spain or morocco , if the prices are n't too far apart , i 'll take the tomatoes from spain even if i have to pay a little more ( as long as the extra price is n't too high , and as long as the tomatoes look good enough of course ) . 
  i 'm still young and have n't needed a car yet , but when i do i 'll probably be biased in favor of a peugeot or renault or whatnot , to support french brands ( even though ultimately , they 're not all made in france . . ) . 
  to be fair though , if i really get a clear better deal with a foreign brand , i will probably go for a foreign brand , but my next level of bias will be for a european brand . 
  i agree with you that the french government is n't trying too hard to stop them from getting away . 
  ultimately , and this may be a harsh thing to say , especially since it 's the front national 's stance but i believe they 're right about this , we ultimately need to cut the incentives for illegal immigration . 
  basically , we 're all too nice with them once they 're here . 
  there comes a time when we need to just send out the message that it 's not ok for them to just barge into our countries forcefully , and we will not take care of them if they do so . 
  if people think that 's cruel , and that we should take care of them once they 're here , well you 're inciting them to cross the mediterranean , a cross which kills a lot of illegal immigrants . 
  that 's actually some quality and hilarious trolling . 
   catalan is in fact more closely related to the romance languages of southern france ( occitan ) than to spanish . 
  yesss ... yessss ... [ all eeze goweeng az planned ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f4/france_l-2_%281812%29-en.svg ), 
  yeah , for sure . 
  personally i 'd like it if at least a couple of the old nuclear reactors which are soon at the end of their lifespan were not rebuilt or renewed , but rather that we use that money ( and probably a lot more to be honest ) to build the equivalent in energy with renewables . 
  in the long run too france could benefit from stepping in that renewable energy research game . 
  from this graph it seems less than 10 % of france 's electricity is generated by a polluting form of energy ( if , uh , we disregard nuclear waste ) . 
  that 's pretty good . 
  if we did n't export any electricity we probably would n't even need fossil energy . 
  reverse psychology . 
  i would n't say the communists necessarily decided to purge the french language . 
  just that english supplanted the french language , not only because it 's now the more important lingua franca , notably in east asia , but also because of the proximity to the us and australia . 
  france is on the other side of the world . 
  you 're right , the french language was largely replaced by english in vietnam . 
  also , the vietnamese and cambodian immigration was back in the day . 
  now it 's very small . 
  most people of vietnamese background in france now are either old people or second generation immigrants . 
  most of the immigration dates back from the war in indochina . 
  those who came to france came here as refugees of sorts , as anticommunists or supporters of french colonial rule . 
  so its kind of way back . 
  it depends on the colonies . 
  there 's a strong relationship with our sub-saharan african former colonies , in the sense that we 're basically their police . 
  with algeria the relationship is fairly bad . 
  their president and politicians use the strategy of insulting france here and there to get popular support . 
  with other north african states it 's pretty neutral , but the french language remains important there . 
  with vietnam/indochina any relationship has practically disappeared . 
  with quebec our politicians are now pretty cautious , as to not insult canada , but on a personal level between frenchmen and quebecois , i 'd say we visit eachother , or study in eachothers countries quite a lot and the relationship is friendlier than with anyone else . 
  this may have something to do with quebecois being actual descendants of french colonists , as opposed to other former colonies where the people mostly are not of french origins . 
  i 'd just like to point out that the uk 's population is some 65 million , and without scotland it 's population would be down to some ... 60 million ( give or take ) . 
  just to put things in perspective here . 
  it 's not like the country 's power would be cut in half . 
  some of them do n't have separatist groups , except maybe a couple kids living in their mom 's basement . 
  normandy for example has no separatist group that i know of . 
  it has a regionalist movement which fights for the unification of the normandy regions ( within france ) and promotion of norman identity and interests ( within france ) . 
  and that 's it . 
  it hardly even mentions anything slightly close to humble autonomist goals . 
  as i 've always said , there 's hardly an area in france which is more french than normandy , with its cheese and cows . 
  just because some vikings settled there a thousand years ago does n't make it a separatist region ( because i 'm assuming that 's where the mention of normandy in `` separatist '' regions comes from in those maps made by non-french people who have no idea ) . 
  others in this map have utterly negligible movements which frankly do n't deserve to be mentioned at all . 
  to be fair , with that logic , one could probably divide france in dozens of more countries as long as there are a few guys who created a blog about separatism and meet twice a year . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malgr%c3%a9-nous otherwise , the situation with alsace identity is much more complex than foreigners assume . 
  one way to describe the feeling in alsace for the last hundred years is `` ethnically germanic , and french at heart '' . 
  the champs elys\u00e9es avenue in paris . 
  it 's an impressively big street , but all there is there are overpriced shops , crowded sidewalks and pickpockets . 
  the only reason to stroll down that street is for the 14th of july military parade if you 're into that sort of thing , and the only reason to go near it is to see the arc de triomphe . 
  * sigh ... * not one of those bullshit maps again . 
  i did mention northern italy as a whole . 
  uh ... do you mean alsace ? 
  no , they do n't . 
  i 'd also advise you do n't call them germans if you ever go there . 
  an `` autonomous '' - like party has some electoral backing in the region , but it 's not separatist . 
  it 's regionalist at best , and regionalist parties of regions with a strong regional identity will always have some backing in local elections . 
  but of all things , alsace is one of the strongest regions for the french nationalist party . 
  well we do have some of that too , on the back of our chess boards . . 
  i 'm presuming like everywhere else .
