  they 'd need to make lots of babies to double their population , but with current demographic trends it does n't seem possible . 
  or they can wait for germany 's population to fall to their level , and in that case they 'd be comparable , but germany would n't be what it used to be . 
  i do n't completely understand why poland gets so much . 
  naturally , it partly has to do with its comparatively large population and area ( more infrastructure needed ) , but i also suppose there 's a political willingness to `` build '' another large economic power in the eu to further the counterbalancing of the germany/france/uk trio , and also make a large economy in the east of the eu . 
  is that why everyone sits down to have a chat ? 
  that 's just weird to me :p, 
  there 's a belgian film similarly named [ calvaire ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgb9jtdrxhg ) which is also about same-sex relationships :p, 
  why do you misrepresent what he said to find offense or confrontation for no reason ? 
  he did n't say `` most developed '' , he said `` leading '' :  sometimes it feels like the leading european country is poland , romania or the uk , and not germany and france . 
  germany has by far the largest gdp . 
  france and the uk are on the second level , but still above all else . 
  now while the uk is pretty much tied to france economically , it 's not exactly known for its leadership of the european project . 
  sauce hollandaise in french ( i 'm sure you can figure out the translation in english ) , was invented by the french but named after another country/region . 
  actually there are a lot of other sauces named after other countries . 
   was surprised that many on there also did n't pick up on the sarcastic nature of the article by `` many '' , do you mean one or two people ? 
  otherwise , i do n't find the article very sarcastic despite a couple jokes thrown around , and regardless , i was simply `` explaining '' ( or slightly correcting the title ) for most people who do n't bother reading articles fully . 
  that shows an interest for france , not necessarily francophilia . 
  of all things , his interest could have been related to seeking strategies for a fantacized islamist takeover . 
  but regardless i 'm sure fox news and other us conservatives will love the francophile theory . 
  most considered the intervention was a good thing , and since it has gone well with fair success , we 're hardly even talking about it anymore . 
  you 'd be surprised how many basic things we take for granted comes from early french gastronomical endeavours and cooks in other countries who were inspired by it . 
  like whipped cream or many main sauces for that matter . 
  you can claim your food in a general sense is better , but france invented modern gastronomy , which is the quasi-scientific study and experimentation of cuisine elevated to an artform . 
  so no . 
  [ witness me !, 
  ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/12/10/23f33f1800000578-2868933-image-m-16_1418241832153.jpg ), 
  hi , official representative of france here . 
  we accept cash and checks !, 
  and complimentary access to african plutonium !, 
   longest non technical : anticonstitucionalissimamente in french the longest word is the same word . 
  anticonstitutionnellement . 
  i thought it was because between alsace and the paris region , it 's pretty much a wasteland :p, 
  that 's apparently a falsehood . 
  nah , this was in the news a couple months ago . 
  the french government basically demanded that this coin not be printed , and the belgians obliged . 
  thing is that there 's a difference in perspective . 
  in france , napoleon is n't considered like the crazy despot some other countries do ( mostly ... there are of course some anti-napoleon french people . . ) . 
  the french authorities thus considered this coin design was praising the defeat of an important and partly admired figure in france 's history . 
  the belgians argued it was simply a commemoration coin of a very important historical event that happened on their soil . 
  that 's a decent argument imo . 
  however , ultimately , in my opinion we should avoid euro coins which reference battles and wars between eu countries , because the defeated country will naturally feel singled out . 
  france did have a d-day commemorative coin though , and a `` appel du 18 juin '' coin ( it 's when charles de gaulle called for resistance against nazi occupation ) , thus it can be seen as hypocritical . 
  but the difference is that at least we all agree that the nazis were bad . 
  napoleon 's legacy , however , is debated . 
  does germany still have archaeological artifacts stolen from greece during ww2 ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  i thought those were the first things that would be returned . 
  the suburbs north of paris . 
  there 's nothing to see anyway apart from the cathedral in saint-denis where the kings of old are buried is interesting ( and the town itself is ok ) , and the space museum in le bourget , but na\u00efve tourists who have no idea where they 're going could become easy targets for hoodlums . 
  yeah sure , but i do n't think it 's infeasible . 
  on occasion , politicians do demand a recount . 
  i assume it 's because they 're aware of the process and that fraud ( or error ) could potentially happen . 
  for presidential elections , there 's no way every party could have representatives in all the voting booths of the 30,000 communes . 
  many parties do n't have local politicians in some communes , let alone representatives who could be present during the counting . 
  i would n't be that surprised that in remote rural areas , or in clearly oriented townships where other parties hardly even bother , the volunteers fraud ( no matter the party , every one could potentially do it , the ump in neuilly , the commies in the `` red suburbs '' , the fn in some southern strongholds ... though it would be ill-advised for the latter considering the scrutiny they 're put through ) . 
  i mean i imagine the clich\u00e9 very politically active far-left guys , who all know eachother from the cgt union , all volunteering in their strongly communist ex-mining town to count the ballots ... fraud seems plausible . 
  but naturally , the general conditions are such that the difference would be negligible probably . 
  i would have said the contrary . 
  i believe both moved to france as young adults , but at least chopin had a french parent , so he presumably was partly brought up in french culture , i assume . 
  marie curie merely adopted the frenchiness . 
  chopin was born in it . 
  molded by it , 
  everytime marie curie is mentioned , the poles claim her as entirely theirs . 
  so i would n't have any mercy here :p . otherwise , where does the french wikipedia say he 's exclusively french ? 
  in the intro it says `` of franco-polish ancestry '' , and in its categories he 's tagged as a polish composer , and not as a french one ) . 
  i 'm not a beer connaisseur , and belgians may perhaps rage on me , i do n't know , i do n't know how that beer is percieved , but of the easily available mainstream beers , my fave is grimbergen . 
  fucks me up more easily than others though , for some reason . 
  missed opportunity to speak in some incomprehensible english slang . 
  i 'm not belgian ( my grandma was walloon though :p ) , but brussels is historically a flemish city , which has been frenchified . 
  the same way kosovo used to be serbian heartland , but received fairly recent migration of ethnic albanians , thus the serbs do n't want to give it up , and there are many examples of this sort of thing . 
  i can only understand and be sympathetic with the side of the ethnicity/nationality which `` lost '' part of their cultural land due to fairly recent migration , or acculturation . 
  now granted , unless there is great socio-cultural change in belgium , brussels will never be majority flemish again , so yeah , it 's pretty much `` lost '' . 
  so indeed , in case of a belgian split , a french speaking brussels in flanders would be weird . 
  but the flemish naturally have n't given up on what they consider historically theirs . 
  while the belgians repeatedly say that `` it will never happen '' , as an outsider i do feel that in the event of a belgian split , brussels and its suburbs should be its own city-state , the eu 's washington dc , because anyway , neither side will want to give it up . 
  but belgians understandably take offense to foreigners saying what they want for their country , so it 's kind of rude for us to even be debating it . 
  but anyway , i do n't think the belgian split itself will ever happen in any close future . 
  same here . 
  but each time there 's a thread like this someone always says it 's only those who have n't experienced immigration who are against it ... 
  i do n't recognize myself in this comment . 
  i lived in suburbs and now in paris . 
  have always been constantly surrounded by immigrants , from schoolmates to work colleagues . 
  hell , my mother 's an extra-european immigrant . 
  i have no problem with them individually , however i think immigration needs to be massively restrained . 
  to me that 's common sense . 
  it could come down to simply lower salaries for armed personnel . 
  i mean india has more than a million more troops than britain or france , yet their budget is roughly equivalent ( they also have a fuckton more tanks ) . 
  there must be some cutbacks here and there ... 
  they 're expensive ? 
  their entire point is to be a massive retail group like walmart or tesco . 
  actually , they 're third worldwide in the business after those two i mentioned . 
  if a dane considers them expensive , damn , they must be luxury businesses :p seriously though , there are `` carrefour markets '' in big cities , which are basically expensive supermarkets living off the name of the brand . 
  but the actual massive hypermarket carrefour out in the suburbs are supposed to be a good bargain . 
  your comment was certainly reasonable , but there 's a bigger picture imo . 
  we 're in the eu now . 
  we 're all interconnected . 
  now at some point we should move towards a unified eu military , if it 's even possible . 
  you 're part of an economic union greater than yourself . 
  if we ca n't stand our ground and defend our union , there will certainly be economic consequences which will bounce back even up to ireland . 
  not wanting to be overtly nationalistic , when france basically `` saved '' mali and perhaps preemptively all of west africa from an isis-like situation , it saved an entire region from being lost to eu trade .
