  westernized oriental and african shops and neighborhoods , i already see enough in paris and they 're no different here than in sweden . 
  when i go to sweden , i want to eat swedish food and visit swedish landsites , not the modern mosque or the iraqi restaurant . 
  the same happens when you land to paris from an international flight . 
  the airport is in the north suburb of paris , so prepare yourself to be the only white person in the metro when going down south to actual paris . 
  i 've always wondered about the shock tourists might have when coming to paris by plane . 
  i 'm french , and we 're not welcoming . 
  and we have massive tourism :d, 
  i think you did n't understand what i was saying , and each one of the questions you ask me in this commentary is amazingly impertinent to what i was saying . 
  i 'll just answer one , so you get the picture :  do you know foreigners that do force europeans to wear their clothing ? 
  i do n't . 
  and i did n't imply that at all , and i do n't even know how you thought this was a pertinent question considering what i was actually saying ... 
  apply this answer of mine to absolutely everything you just said . 
  that 's how i 'd answer all of your questions here . 
  i was simply saying that your examples are n't comparable . 
  no , charlemagne is not at all taught as a peaceful unifier in french schools , and i do n't know how you deduced that from my comments . 
  i 'm kind of saying the opposite . 
  what i 'm saying is that the name of this german award , the charlemagne prize , which is given to those who help european unification , is not very pertinent considering how charlemagne `` unified '' europe . 
  are my comments that hard to understand ? 
  so what ? 
  it still happened , whether the nazis reused it or not . 
  but anyway it was just an example . 
  the real point is that charlemagne conquered with blood and steal , not through peaceful unification . 
  edit : i 'm not trying to deride charlemagne . 
  i 'm french so if we stretch it enough , charlemagne is an early `` french '' king ( notice the quotes , i know what you 're going to say ... do n't bother ) , and thus practically a national hero for kicking ass . 
  but one would find the award 's name pretty confusing if it were , say , the napoleon award , although in the end , napoleon had stronger excuses or casus belli to conquer all of europe than charlemagne did . 
  the examples you give are n't really relevant . 
   european emigrants have been notorious in not adapting when moving to another continent . 
  first thing the british did in india or south-africa was introduce tea time , lay cricket fields and organize rugby games . 
  german villages in namibia are almost exact replicas of bavarian villages , complete with a bierstube and oktoberfest parties . 
  the continents europe colonized were conquests , and the colonies were the defeated . 
  it has nothing to do with today 's immigration . 
  immigrants to accepting countries are n't conquerors . 
   there 's still flemish immigrants in the us that publish their native written ` detroit gazette ' , a century after they arrived there . 
  they 're not forcing flemish on the us , are they ? 
  the tintin thing is about people from africa coming to belgium and asking belgium to ban one of their prized pieces of literature/art . 
  no comparison here . 
   and have you ever seen a western businessmen in the middle-east with a keffiyeh on his head ? 
  it 's always hugo boss suits . 
  western businessmen actually do often wear classic arab headscarfs to protect themselves from the sun , and go on camel rides . 
  and women wear veils . . cause they 're women . 
  but anyway , even if it were n't the case , again , it 's not comparable . 
  they 're not forcing saudi businessmen to wear hugo boss suits . 
  i do n't care if i see an african immigrant woman in the west wearing those traditional colored dresses , as long as they do n't force the rest of the country to adopt it , or ask miniskirts to be banned because it offends them . 
  this [ manner ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacre_of_verden ) for example . 
  it seems obvious to me that charlemagne was a conqueror , not a peaceful unifier of nations ... 
  it 's funny that a prize celebrating european unification carries the name of a guy who `` unified '' much of western europe in a not very peaceful manner ... and only to have his empire cut in pieces after his death . 
  does n't sound very relevant to me . 
  many people want to make a snide comment about the french with this story , but ironically , it rather shows the french are on top of the game when it comes to health-related scientific research ( including the recent story about rats and gmos ) . 
  the french have a fairly healthy lifestyle for western standards . 
  obviously , this drop in sperm count is probably shared in most of the industrialized world . 
  apparently , napoleon himself , in his young years , wished independence for corsica , and studied in a french military school partly so he could then fight for its independence . 
  but an aspiring officer simply does n't walk away from the opportunity to lead a modern , massive army . 
  i 'm french , and i love all of europe so it would be hard to discriminate in favor of some . 
  but ultimately , it might sound weird , but apart from the obvious walloons and french swiss , i 'd say our cousins are the british , irish , scots , germans , italians and poles , for historical reasons . 
  british : long history of feud and relationships , then unquestionable alliance since the crimean war ... irish/scots : long history of alliance there , to oppose the brits . 
  germans : since ww2 , our relationship is politically strong , constant and unyielding . 
  unlike with our british relationship , the franco-german relationship is hardly one of mocking or denigrating . 
  there 's hardly any hate at all . 
  italians : cultural and historical links . 
  poles : longtime allies , especially during the napoleonic wars , though we lost the poles ' respect for basically abandoning them in ww2 . 
  i do n't know what you 're getting at . 
  i said , i do n't listen to exclusively metal ... 
  i also listen to classical , rock/punk/oi , but mostly traditional or folk songs , including celtic music and all . 
  i do n't listen exclusively to metal , and actually kind of stopped listening to metal myself , but i do n't know many non-french , yet european , non-metal bands . 
  negura bunget and aliz\u00e9e in the same post - [ and not even the obvious awesome aliz\u00e9e clip ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6omsdyfnlk ) . . 
  i never thought i 'd see such a thing . 
  azerty * on french keyboards . 
  and yeah , we have \u00e9 , \u00e8 , \u00e0 , \u00f9 and \u00e7 as special letters , but they 're on the side of the keyboard ( not in the three central letters rows ) . 
  then there 's the ^ and \u00a8 symbols which we need to add on letters manually . 
  we also have the spanish ~ although it 's not used in the french language . 
  spoiler : godzilla0815 is your wife . 
  yeah , i do . 
  but my list was starting to get too big . 
  : s but obviously , when one listens to metal , he knows bands from all over the world , so i could have gone on for at least every `` main '' european country, 
  i 'd love to have every individual map of this . 
  however there are some irregularities . 
  by the modern periods , the map shows troop movements inside enemy states ( in lines of color ) which are n't actual conquests or annexations . 
  for example , spain in the 1820s has a line of the color for france , because of the french intervention there , but it was never a conquest of spanish territory , it was simply french armies moving through spain to help one side in the civil war there . 
  i 'm from france , my favorite european music bands include : norway : darkthrone , burzum , windir sweden : amon amarth and early in flames finland : korpiklaani , finntroll , children of bodom germany : falkenbach , xiv dark centuries switzerland : eluveitie russia : arkona ukraine : drudkh if you like my kind of music , i 'd suggest you check out french bands [ aes dana ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmjsdbghoru ) and [ heol telwen ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94ooirjdn7q ) . 
  france has always been militarily active . 
  if we just consider after ww2 , we had the decolonization wars in indochina ( vietnam ) and algeria , and the suez crisis , to post-colonial `` peace keeping '' missions , notably in the ivory coast which france has kept pacified for decades now , and nato-driven missions like in ex-yugoslavia , to `` american '' wars like the gulf war and afghanistan , and more recently the libyan no-fly zone . 
  and i only mentioned the notable military actions here . 
  but in the end , france is constantly on military missions , especially in its ex-colonies in africa . 
  france has the 4rth or 5th military budget in the world , after the us ( which is way above everyone else ) , china , russia , and depending on the estimates , the uk ( but france and the uk are pretty much tied ) . 
  france has important political interests and influence , especially in its ex-colonies , and access to precious minerals and investment deals with governments which it does n't intend on losing , be it to the chinese , to rebel forces , or whatnot . 
  while its leading role against libya , and now against the syrian government , happens to be ethically on the `` good '' side , chances are the french government figured they would benefit from taking these crazies out because they 've become too unreliable and a hassle - although these governments were n't an issue decades before - but presumably france wants a piece of the pie once these dictatorships fall , which is normal because few countries would spend millions , if not billions , on distant war efforts if they did n't gain anything in return . 
  basically , france does the same thing as the us , but at a lesser scale , and dare i say , more cautiously with less outright military bullying . 
  as a frenchman , i 'm on belgium 's side . 
  we need that goodness . 
  let the belgian beer flow through the ardennes in cascades of awesomeness . 
  france ( with few others ) created the eu - but france probably had the greater role in its creation amongst all the countries now in it ( including the other founders ) . 
  and even with the cap thing that everyone seems to complain about except the thousands of french farmers who make france self-sufficient and able to feed neighboring countries , france still pays more to the eu than it receives back , not to mention the eu space program . 
  if france left , it would probably eventually cause the end of the eu , because ultimately , france is essential to it . 
  the top three economies of europe are germany , france and the uk . 
  take france out of the eu , and the increasingly eurosceptic uk , and you 're left with only germany to drive it . 
  i love germany and all , but i do n't think a german-dominated europe , without some sort of balance of power within the eu , would be appreciated . 
  germany is already getting shit for being dominant , imagine how people would feel if it were the only major economy invested in it . 
  there are a lot of `` euuuh '' and `` bah '' , but that 's no different to english which also uses a lot of `` and uuuhm . . '' . 
  the spanish use `` pues '' i believe , but not nearly as much . 
  i 'm french-american .
