  we like swiss and dutch cheese too  and italian . 
  with france , those are the four countries which have a market in france for their cheeses . 
  you make good sausages though . 
  we have those bad boys in alsace , but since we can get some in southern germany , we 'll come to stuff our bellies happily . 
  i was going to say the same . 
  a `` brasserie '' is basically the equivalent of what the americans call `` diners '' . 
  they 're like bars , or typical clich\u00e9 french caf\u00e9s , which also do meal service , and a menu is usually between 15 to 25 euros . 
  i suggest tourists who want to experience casual french food at a decent price to just go to a brasserie/caf \u00e9 . 
  they usually do n't have english-language menus , so just take a chance and pick the dishes you understand the least !, 
  however , do n't go to a brasserie/caf \u00e9 in a touristic area !, 
  like anywhere else in the world , well-situated restaurants which have a constant flow of clueless tourists do n't have to worry about quality , because they 'll always have new customers no matter what . 
  i 'm not saying all restaurants in touristic areas are bad , just that if you 're going to take a chance on a restaurant , you 'll have better luck picking a seemingly popular restaurant in a non-touristic neighborhood !, 
  ( otherwise , for funsies , there 's a restaurant in the dead center of paris called `` nos anc\u00eatres les gaulois '' ( = our ancestors the gauls ) which last i went was 30 euros for a as-much-as-you-can-eat buffet which consisted of sausages and cheeses and every big , fat country comfort food you can dream of ) . 
  it 's not that we do n't like you , it 's that we value good cheese . 
   implying anyone knows the difference between germans and austrians anyway, 
  in france i do n't think there 's any particular nationality that some form of general hatred focuses on . 
  the reconciliation efforts with germany have worked so well , it would be preposterous for anyone to hate germans . 
  we have n't fought a war against britain since almost exactly 200 years . 
  they 're at worst friendly rivals . 
  brits seem to focus on us much more than we do on them . 
  there can be some racism against arabs , roma and whatnot , but there 's no `` typical '' national focus . 
  some may hate americans as part of the classic anti-americanism that exists around the world , but france remains one of the countries with a highly positive view of the us . 
  i think hatred towards another nationality would mostly stem from countries which have fallen victim throughout history to another stronger neighbor . 
  while france did loose to the germans in ww2 , and occasionally here and there to others , its history is generally that of one of the dominants which oppressed smaller others , so there 's no ingrained focus in france on a more dominant archenemy . 
  but if i had to choose , i guess it would be the brits , or rather the perfidious english . 
  though i realized from the start that the vid was humorous , i actually believed at first that there was a `` kickstarter '' to pay back greek debt . 
  seriously though , i feel countries with a large diaspora , or which are liked all around , could totally have a donation page to help repay some of their debts . 
  ( granted , you 're not going to get billions of dollars in donations , but any cash can help , especially for smaller nations with relatively smaller debts . . or perhaps towns could accept donations , that 's feasible ) . 
  you know a country violates human rights when its governement 's response to accusations of human rights violations is that it 's an internal affair , and other countries criticizing them on the issue is encroachment , if not neo-colonialism , at worst racism . 
  china has been using this argument for decades , along with the `` we have a different form of human rights and democracy '' argument . 
  nice . 
  would lay siege . 
  first the brits count prostitution and drug trafficking in their nominal gdp , and now they count spying budgets in their defense spending ... no wonder the brits have suddenly started beating us in both :p, 
  then again , i 'm not sure it would make sense for poland to have naval power projection . 
  i mean it 's not like you have many interests to defend overseas . 
  oh , right , it 's true that even in english `` netherlands '' means `` low countries '' . 
  i never deconstructed the word . 
  that 's cause you 're obsessed with us . 
  like some crazy ex girlfriend . 
  and though we do n't have a french form of `` netherlands '' , we call the people of the low countries `` n\u00e9erlandais '' ( netherlanders ) . 
  there 's also the incorrect form for the country `` la hollande '' . 
  so it 's kind of like in english where you have one way to call the country ( netherlands ) , one incorrect way to call it ( holland ) , and another completely different etymology to call the people ( dutch ) . 
  probably the most confusing country out there . 
  i believe because existing administrative regions were used , thus the result is n't ideal . 
  but that 's always how these things go . 
  even today , kosovo for example . 
  the entire administrative division of kosovo got independence , despite the northern part of the region being largely majority serb and adjacent to serbia . 
  you 'd think it would be easier in the long run to just separate nations along ethnic lines , but i guess that it 's never a clear line , so the disputes would be endless . 
  hence powers that be just consider it 's quicker to keep the preexisting administrative divisions , and whichever large administrative division has a majority ethnic group goes to one side or the other , despite these border regions being not ethnically homogeneous , but rather a `` gradient '' of sorts from one ethnicity to the other . 
  when you return to the warm embrace of [ le motherland ] ( http://592f46.medialib.glogster.com/media/27391a5d389227ebee64273d75a33365181ab719a62d6ce928f0ad9f7b977f14/angry-napoleon.jpg ) . 
  well that 's because they know people recognize `` holland '' more in the first place , so they run with it because marketing strategy . 
  spain is just overall a really cool place . 
  and i 'm not talking about the beaches . 
  inland is great too . 
  great architecture , great weather ( though it can get quite hot in the summer ) , laid back , good food . 
  it all depends on every person 's personal morality , and is n't just about respecting the other culture . 
  if the person being invited considers a practice to be demeaning to their personal morality , it 's understandable that they not agree to it , and thus both parties need to find common ground . 
  i believe michele obama has refused wearing a veil when visiting saudi arabia . 
  the veil certainly is a divisive issue , as many westerners can genuinely consider it sexist or demeaning given the overall context . 
  accepting to take your shoes off in a mosque or something is an easily acceptable show of respect . 
  having to cover your hair because you 're a woman , however , can be a hard pill to swallow . 
  especially if you 're a public figure . 
  i completely disagree , but to each their own . 
  i remember there was much disagreement when this was first posted in its own thread . 
  i 'd be seriously pissed off if i worked for a company that launched a lip dub or some bullshit like that . 
  because i would n't want to embarrass myself and just do n't think that sort of thing is my kind of fun , but at the same time i 'm sure there would be at least socio-professional pressure to do it . 
  the first is hilarious . 
  love it . 
  was he mad because the other guy was doubting him ? 
  the girl in the second vid is beautiful as all hell . 
  reminds me of [ hollande and merkel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiqgcqwe6ky ) though to be fair in both cases the host should be able to direct the invitee properly . 
  i 've never heard of her . 
  though in this case the cringe is from the reporter not taking 20 seconds to research the proper way to call another country 's president who gracefully agreed to offer an interview . 
  the estonian president 's reaction was understandable . 
  i 've actually known a few guys who refuse to vote for her because she 's `` too moderate '' . 
  but as le pen father said when told neo nazis voted for him `` who else are they going to vote for anyway ? '', 
  damn , just watching this makes me blush in embarrassment on their behalf . 
  * misery, 
   with some exceptions, 
  yes , someone already mentioned it and i acknowledged latin america ... just a couple comments below . 
  well , i 'd say hardly . 
  christianity was more of a byproduct because preachers had access to africa . 
  but the european leaders hardly cared about spreading christianity in most cases . 
  a better example may be latin america , though . 
  right , i see your point and i 'm willing to accept it , 
  in a very broad sense ... not really . 
  but the way he expressed it was n't very diplomatic ... 
  but then again , the guy was writing a comment in a subreddit that 's notorious for its users to role play exaggerated versions of their countries with no inhibitions . . 
  the guy probably was n't expecting his comment to denounced like political enemies were in occupied france ( if we 're making nazi comparisons :p ), 
  christianity did n't spread through conquest though , with some exceptions . 
  exactly . 
  why does op think it 's ok to go about denouncing a mod by finding a comment that the guy made in another ( joke ) subreddit ? 
   e 're making the game about something that , at least to me , it should n't be about . 
  so you 're making it about money then . 
  because that 's what it is without any form of nationality restrictions . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  it 's not about an interconnected world . 
  or maybe it is , especially when it comes to international bank transfers :p, 
  i never spoke of ethnicity . 
  there 's a restriction with nationality for national teams , which seems logical .
