  seems [ kharkiv 's wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kharkiv ) needs to change its picture . 
  there are n't any `` policies '' of segregation and inequality . 
  there are policies for diversity ( towns obliged by law to have a minimum percentage of social housing ) , equality , and policies punishing discrimination or even the mere mention of a racist thought . 
  france has the largest muslim population of europe . 
  communities congregate with eachother on their own . 
  if there 's one thing to blame it 's france 's open immigration policy , which makes it impossible to properly integrate so many people . 
  and muslims in particular are a harder bunch considering world events regarding the middle east , which produces anger amongst some muslims here . 
  paris , for festivities and whatnot ; the 14th of july ( national holiday - bastille day ) . 
  lots of parades , demonstrations , fireworks , concerts , parties . . etc. 
  some tourists sometimes come to paris for christmas because they have the false impression that it 'll be `` magical '' . 
  but nothing happens on christmas . 
  there are lights in the street , sure , but france is very secular , and christmas is thus a private , family thing . 
  so if you come then , you 'll be highly disappointed , and just sit around in your hotel rooms while all the shops are closed . . new years is n't particularly exciting either . 
  you mean for france ? 
  could partly work too . 
  that would work for greece too . 
  they sometimes seem entirely focused on what they did over 2,500 years ago . 
  rookie mistake . 
  french presidents or delegates have since learned that they should n't comment on the situation , for one side or the other . 
  in all seriousness , it is pretty much inappropriate for other countries to express their thoughts on this situation during those official visits . 
  i 'm not taking a side on that particular issue , but the comment is inappropriate . 
  it just makes things worse . 
  quebecers do n't care what the german president feels about them . 
  tomatoes , tomatoes . . ( darn ... that does n't work in written form . ), 
  well , the territory of modern switzerland was entirely part of charlemagne 's empire , so . . then again , i do n't know exactly how that came about , but i suspect it was through the defeat of some other kingdom 's armies which owned that land . 
  and whether switzerland caved rapidly to the french or not is irrelevant . 
  there were still [ actual battles ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_grauholz ) on swiss territory , and a full invasion force followed by the imposition of french will on the country . 
  so it was a genuine invasion . 
  yeah , you do n't need to defend against anyone , because the usa , france and the uk are putting the bill on military spending for the eu and nato . 
  and it is a sad fact that military might does increase power projection and negotiating power in many diplomatic encounters , especially with nations which are n't particularly friendly with us , like russia or even china . 
  yeah , he did say grammar , but he was talking about the accented i , which concerns how the language is written and pronounced , and it follows and extremely consistent rule , but granted it may perhaps be the only slight difficulty in written spanish . 
   it is not like germany does n't do anything , and it is also not like germany is the only country to be under the 2 % . 
  no , it 's not . 
  but two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  i agree . 
  that 's not my point . 
  my point is that `` human rights '' does n't work as an argument to consider that anyone should have a right to secession . 
  i do n't understand his complaint . 
  spanish is surely one of the easiest languages to write . 
  the point is that blurting out `` human rights , self determination '' is n't a valid argument . 
  there are reasons why there are hurdles to this sort of thing . 
  i want to declare self determination within my apartment building . 
  i just need to find a good name for my sovereign apartment-country . 
  some of those modern bridges are n't exactly what i 'd call beautiful . 
  the millau viaduct is an exception , because it is a sight to see , and has a visually minimalistic quality . 
  but some of those others really do n't do much to me , especially considering the countless beautiful bridges which can be found in europe . 
  i mean , the first one in lisbon , and the fifth one in porto ( sorry portugal , i really did n't mean to pick on you - i 'll add the 13th one in france , to even things out ) , while big and impressive , are n't particularly `` beautiful '' if you ask me . 
  they 're `` nice '' i guess . 
  the twelfth in the netherlands is n't beautiful either . 
  it 's notable . 
  i used to have the romantic idea that every `` considerably different enough '' people should have their own nation . 
  the existence of the eu certainly helps these regionalist movements , as they now consider that within the eu they can all be sovereign and be fine , be protected , and count for something . 
  but with the current state of the eu , ie not a federation , this balkanization is undesirable to me . 
  if the eu is simply full of small region-states it 's not going to weigh much as every region will follow its own interests . 
  already now we 're having difficulties with that , and the only power projection the eu can offer is thanks to the larger economies and countries , mainly germany for its economy , but also france and the uk ( which also have the military to boot ) . 
  now i rather wish that this drive for closer integration would push countries together , to form larger nations within the eu , within reason and according to cultural and historical factors , instead of separating . 
  i 've seen many people here say that the larger eu countries should separate so that the nations will be more equal , as they 'd be pulled down to the population and size level of the smaller eu countries . 
  well , screw you , it 's your small countries which should unite if you want to weigh more within the union . 
  in france we 're happy with our 65 million people and size , and our regional differences , sometimes much stronger than other countries with larger regionalist movements , do n't stop us from staying united . 
  these sorts of maps always put alsace and lorraine as fully german ... also , to add to this , the breton language 's extent is n't that far east . 
  the eastern half of brittany traditionally speaks a dialect of french called [ gallo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gallo_language ) . 
  no to mention the extent of catalan in france is highly exaggerated . 
  cause france is expected to put up a longer fight considering its size , and ironically , its history as a military power . 
  i get that . 
  but ultimately , when a country 's military is defeated and outflanked , it does n't matter how large that country is . 
  hundreds of thousand of soldiers , and civilian towns , had effectively become sitting ducks , and the british had left as well . 
  not accepting defeat would have resulted in total massacre , and a worse deal at the armistice . 
  hint : i 'm being kind of sarcastic here . 
  america is allowed , cause it 's their joke and they have a military worth a damn . 
  i 'll also allow it from germany , and even britain despite france being its rival for most of its history . 
  i allow it despite the fact that it 's sad that europeans would reuse an american joke built out of both ignorance and anti-french sentiment . 
  i wo n't allow it from countries with military histories that are close to irrelevant . 
  especially countries which were invaded by france at some point and not the other way around , which includes most of europe . 
  shut up slovenia . 
  * sigh * the legion is n't france 's only ground forces , it 's a tiny part , and not their top special forces either by a long shot . 
  in mali for example there were 4 legionnaire regiments out of a total of some 35 infantry regiments . 
  people are obsessed with the legion as if it 's the only thing france has . 
  there are comments exactly like this one each time the french military is mentioned . 
  i probably would denounce you , especially if frenchmen shooting up schools was a recurring thing . 
  when i was a kid in the 90s , my family and i would go to the french pyrenees every christmas for some skiing . 
  i remember one christmas however there was n't any snow at all . 
  to the point that we went hiking up to the top of the ski resort 's main mountain , and it felt like spring . 
  no snow , just fresh spring-like temperature and air . 
  i wonder what conditions provoked such an exceptionally mild december . 
  the westboro baptist church does n't claim to represent you . 
  it even proudly says it only represents themselves . 
  everybody asked far right parties to condemn breivik . 
  even in france , far right parties were asked `` what they thought '' of breivik 's actions . 
  same thing really . 
  greece is among the select few nato countries which actually fulfills its duties , and beyond , in terms of military spending . 
  well , it must be kind of boring to be in the bundeswehr nowadays . 
  if i were a german soldier , i too would take any chance to get some `` action '' . 
  well , train rides are typically not that fun . 
  they 're fine , you can watch the countryside and get an idea of what the country looks like , but it 's more where you stop that 's interesting . 
  but i imagine that if you take some train rides through switzerland or the alps in general , you may get some nice mountain views from the train . 
  yeah , it 's a massive book . 
  no spoilers here , but when i first decided to read it i had a hard time getting into it because it takes its time describing the life of a priest , and i was not expecting that . 
  the beginning endlessly describes how good that priest is , the priest who eventually helps out a struggling jean valjean . 
  but when the actual story kicks in you understand why it needed such development as it explains jean valjean 's inspiration to become a good man himself . 
  to give back to others what was selflessly given to him in his time of need .
