  one would think they 'd at least pick a british presenter . 
  france has been intervening in african wars since decolonization . 
  france 's military is constantly in action somewhere and has never stopped being so , notably in the ivory coast for example which france has been defending from rebels for the last 20 years ( [ 1 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_ivorian_civil_war ) , [ 2 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_french%e2%80%93ivorian_clashes ) , [ 3 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_ivorian_civil_war ) ) . 
  there 's no `` first libya '' . 
  libya was just one of the last . 
  people are simply ignorant and have no idea what they 're talking about if they think libya was somehow something new . 
  and the reason why france is `` africa 's police '' is because it still has interests in the continent . 
  some people talk of `` neocolonialism '' , though i picture it simply as having fucking interests , every country has interests in other countries . 
  but it is true that the reason why france has a privileged position in almost half of africa is because it used to be the colonial power there . 
  apart from occasional jokes here and there , i do n't feel there 's the slightest bit of animosity . 
  sorry , it 's been a long day and i ca n't fucking sleep , and i guess i 'm too tired of reddit smartasses :p my bad . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  of course i realize it 's not exactly 2 ... jesus christ ... 
  sure , landscapes are nice , and that 's why the notes have architectural styles . 
  that was a clever way to have everyone agree more or less . 
  but i do think it 's not enough . 
  i do think the eu needs actual people , actual `` heroes '' , myths . 
  i honestly feel my proposition of victor hugo is pretty good . 
  he embodies humanist ideals which the eu strives for , he was a proponent of peace and of a `` united states of europe '' , and he 's not really divisive since he never insulted other people or countries , only autocratic regimes ( including france under napoleon iii when the latter declared himself emperor ) . 
  he was very moderate . 
  i do think he would be a good symbol of europe . 
  the only problem is that he 's french , so his image naturally excludes everyone who is n't french , and while he 's famous outside france , he 's still an obscure figure for most non-french europeans who may just have heard his name here and there . 
  another figure could be some ancient greek philosopher . 
  socrates comes to mind , as a martyr and great thinker , who also embodies eu 's ideals , and is n't really controversial to other countries . 
  maybe italy 's da vinci could be the symbol of european renaissance , inventiveness , art and genius . 
  germany could propose one of it 's classical composers , or philosophers . 
  great britain a scientist . . 
  since we ca n't have notes for every 27 countries , what europe needs is pan-european icons . 
  every country has a hero . 
  the eu needs heroes . 
  i know i 'm french ( :d ) and biased , but victor hugo for example was one of the first proponents of a european union of sorts . 
  there are certainly some major figures who can be considered . 
  however it is of course difficult to choose specific people because countries may feel left out , others may feel insulted if that specific historical person was their country 's enemy ( charlemagne for example , is only pertinent to western europe , and is n't really the most pacifist guy out there ) . 
  but yeah , the eu needs faces . 
  real faces . 
  or real historical events which saved the continent , like charles martel , or austria vs the ottomans ... 
  but then , the muslims wo n't be happy . 
  difficult decision . . edit : but if we had individual notes for each country , i would choose the eiffel tower for france at least for one note , but also the mont saint michel , one loire castle , and artists , philosophers or politicians like hugo , voltaire , moli\u00e8re , descartes , la fontaine , de gaulle and whatnot . 
  it 's not about making me feel any better ... 
  i 'm bilingual from birth and i realize the french generally suck in english , and i quietly laugh at their appalling level . 
  but it 's not as bad as in other romance countries . 
  scandinavians are great at foreign languages indeed . 
  when i went to denmark , i hardly even needed to speak english , many actually spoke perfect french to me . 
  totally unexpected . 
  their foreign language program is surely excellent and other countries need to copy them . 
  as for british not really working on foreign languages , it 's very understandable of course . 
  the british have many options in studying or working abroad , be it the us , canada , australia and whatnot , but actually learning another language could be beneficial still . 
  when i was in university/college , i never saw an english-language speaker in erasmus for example , because i guess all the brits who want to study abroad take the easy way and go to another english speaking country . 
  that 's kind of a shame , because in the end , they could have had opportunities getting a good experience or job in france , germany , italy or whatnot , especially with english being such an important language , they 'd have an advantage in the job market of these countries as people who are actually good in english ... if you see what i mean . 
  a british guy comes to france after his studies , speaks french well enough , shows he has the courage to move to a foreign country , his cv surely stands out for the simple fact that he 's a native english speaker and companies want that excellence and diversity . 
  in addition to what 440hertz answered , i 'd add that in the end , it 's not really the french people who refuse to learn english . 
  in reality , the french are fine with it , and love american and british cultural imports , be it movies or songs . 
  the educational system , when it comes to learning foreign languages , simply sucks . 
  trust me though , it 's much worse in spain and italy . 
  in france it 's not too hard to find some random young guys with whom you can communicate in english . 
  when i went to spain in relatively big cities , i had to speak to them in spanish because their knowledge in english was practically inexistent . 
  edit : however , to turn the coin here , how good are the english in a foreign language ? 
  i have to disagree with you on that one . 
  la haine , while it 's very different from the usual style of french films , reflects french society much more than american society , and it does n't have an american style vibe at all imo . 
  of course ... 
  i was answering to a geographical remark ... 
  i only know chouraver and marave . 
  had no idea they were from gypsy . 
  interesting to note how the two gypsy words i knew are quite stereotypical :p, 
  kassovitz has been crying about french cinema for years now . 
  i do think it 's more about being annoyed at the industry than anything else - though i do n't really get what he 's complaining about - the only french films which are copies of hollywood are besson films , otherwise there 's a shitton of those good old french borefests . 
  but as a massive leftist , one would think he 'd be happy to stay in a country which finally has a leftist president . 
  edit : also , kassovitz directed such films as gothika and babylon a.d. - very american films in style . 
  so i do n't know what he 's talking about . 
  france is the closest country to the british isles , and much worse in english than the germanic countries . 
  is n't the `` b '' in cyrillic the sound of the english `` v '' ? 
  do they say `` yevro '' ? 
  wow , they had it easy with the conversion when the euro was released , just multiply by 2 to get the price in marks . 
  cause ossetians were getting killed/bombed at that moment by georgia . 
  the albanians in kosovo , however , were n't anymore since the conflict had ended a decade earlier or something . 
  is french really the only language for the ecj ? 
  i thought there would be a few official languages , like for most international organizations which have english , french , sometimes german too , as official languages . 
  i think , obviously , english should be added as an official language in the ecj and the people involved can choose in which language they would rather work in - and use translators and whatnot like it 's done in every other international thingy . 
  as for your sarcasm in your last sentences , you may want to understand , as a student of law who delves into international issues and politics , that every country in the world wants to promote and encourage its culture abroad . 
  i realize you probably feel your country is above this , but that 's mainly because your country has a comparatively very small cultural foothold outside of its borders . 
  it 's not the case for france , whose geopolitical interests are very obviously to try to preserve the international influence and prestige it has left . 
  of course france does n't only have a net contribution to the eu because of the british rebate . 
  if the rebate were abolished , france would n't suddenly be a net recipient . 
  even if it were the case , the budget would be modified so that france would n't be put in a position where it would be a recipient . 
  all richer eu countries have a net contribution to the eu . 
  well , if belgium falls apart , chances are the german-speaking regions would rather be part of wallonia , for simple geographical reasons . 
  i 'm not really shocked . 
  that was the plan all along , and kosovo wanted independence because they felt albanian in the first place . 
  i also support unifications of countries/regions if they want it . 
  however , i 'd only support a reunification of kosovo with albania if the northern serb-majority areas are n't included , and are given back to serbia . 
  there would probably need some population exchanges as well for these serb-majority villages in the southern parts of kosovo because they suffer too much harassment and something needs to be done about it - and population exchanges seems to be the only quick solution . 
  one can also add south ossetia to that list of hypocritical stances . 
  the russia-georgia war happened right after kosovo 's independence , and it was painful to watch how hypocritical our western governments were for these very similar situations . 
  for kosovo most western governments pushed for it , whereas for south ossetia the same governments were against it although ossetians ' claims were practically identical to kosovo - and i 'd say even more defensible . 
  alsace wo n't though . 
  and most of those alsatians who would want independence do n't consider themselves german anyway . 
  same for silesia of course . 
  i guess your only chance of peaceful expansion would be that belgian bit . 
  i 'm talking about reddit , and how each time the eu is spoken about , someone is bound to mention france and the cap even though it is totally unrelated to the subject matter ( like here ) . 
  yeah , sorry for giving more to the eu than we get back .
