  once i ordered a rug and the guy just left it in front of my building in paris . 
  i was n't told , but just happened to look at the thing when i got home from work and i understood it was my order . 
  very lucky no one took it . 
  haha , nice, 
  in french culture , due to our historical heritage surely , it 's considered rude and in bad taste to show or ask someone else some things which we consider should be private affairs : that includes religion , but also political opinion , or salary . 
  about religion , back in the day the catholic church held overwhelming power and influence . 
  when we turned secular we decided to limit ostentatious signs of religious affiliation from public service employees , considering that the state was secular , and the population diverse religiously ( at the time just catholic , jewish , atheist and protestant , really ) , their tax money should n't go to public servants who may use their power to promote their religion to those they 're supposed to serve . 
  this is largely accepted by all , until muslims arrived in important numbers and since they 're originally from countries which do n't practice this sort of discreetness , they 're having a hard time adapting to it . 
  i say `` when in rome ... '', 
  nuns wear the equivalent of a hijab , and both are allowed to be worn on public streets , and there are no nuns in the public service as far as i know . 
  so there 's no hypocrisy here . 
  it 's the same thing . 
  also , nuns have a male conterpart , monks , who also wear heavy cloaks , including on occasion a hood . 
  but anyway , i do n't think it 's a rare occurance to denounce sexism in the catholic church . 
  it 's pretty common . 
  it depends on your perspective , and you pretty much described a long fought sociological or moral debate we 've been having . 
  in france , the general idea is that veils are a sign of oppression of women , and/or ostentatious religious attire . 
  hence no face-veils in public streets ( too sexist ) , and no ostentatious religious symbols for public servants ( not secular ) . 
  the other side of the argument is indeed that `` people should wear what they please '' . 
  i happen to agree with french secularism though , as i find a satisfying logic to it . 
  but i hear and understand the criticisms of it , and i feel the difference of opinion is mostly a matter of personal morality and perspective , so i can lay out my defense for the french reasoning , but people simply wo n't necessarily agree with the method regardless . 
  some `` liberal '' muslim majority countries , like albania and kosovo are , tend to sway towards secularism ( turkey was/is like that as well ) . 
  not to mention that hijabs are foreign garments for them , associated to hard-line middle eastern islam , which can shock their culture as much as it can shock traditionally non-muslim countries like france and whatnot . 
  you 'd have good food . 
  we 'd have good music . 
  a fair trade if you ask me , 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.ina.fr/video/i00012031 ) the video . 
  kohl and french president mitterand are at the battle of verdun memorial . 
  this moment was one of the strong , albeit latest , moments of franco-german reconciliation . 
  the glorious [ deep forests of france !, 
  true . 
  especially that i 'd wager that italian/french/spanish wine holds more prestige in japan , than sake does in these countries . 
  japanese cars , however , have a huge market here . 
  `` brown shirts '' is a pretty commonly used phrase all around in many languages , to call out fascists or nazis , and normally it 's a direct reference to the sa , aka the og nazis in germany before the purge . 
  the sa were street thugs and they essentially brought the nazis to power initially . 
  also a brown shirt is unconventional , which is why we prefer referring to the `` brown shirts '' rather than the `` black shirts '' of the ss . 
  `` brown shirts '' ca n't be mistaken with anything else but the nazis , so it 's an easier reference . 
  never heard it as a reference to historical collaborators . 
  were dutch collaborators in brown shirts ? 
  meh , the terrorist threat is the least of my worries however . 
  i feel not one tiny bit worried about terrorism simply because i rationally believe that the chances terrorism affects me or those close to me is tiny in a city of 2 million , even if we do have an attack every six months . 
  and i work in a touristic area . 
   if you consider paris is going worse and worse on the crime side i feel paris is very safe for such a large city . 
  i 've lived there most of my life and never had serious problems beyond the occasional street thugs looking for trouble at night when i was in my teens or early twenties , and these cases are usually solved by just walking away . 
  oh god , these pop up everywhere . 
  all in construction buildings seem to look like that . 
  i do n't think they 're ugly per se , but they look like budget hotels . 
  i do n't know . 
  i went to this particular library ( biblioth\u00e8que sainte genevi\u00e8ve ) plenty of times when i was a student , and i did n't feel bothered by noise . 
  what resonates may be the turning of paper , the cracking of the floor boards and whatnot , but that 's like neutral background noise . 
  does n't phase me at all . 
  what 's funny is that in french we pronounce the `` ball '' in `` football '' and `` handball '' differently , because it depends on the country/language we got this sport from ( respectively britain and germany ) . 
  we pronounce the `` ball '' with the gross approximation of how they 're pronounced in british english and german . 
  `` footbol '' , and `` handbaal '', 
  i 'd just like to bounce on this and tell our british friends that i love you guys . 
  brexit , and terrorism and whatnot , we remain bros through all of this . 
  right , actually what i said is n't so true about ancient history . 
  i was mostly thinking about post-industrial migrations . 
  but if we 're going back to medieval or earlier times , yeah there were definitely migrations of peoples and the ethnic maps would be way different from today throughout europe . 
  the question is then , how legitimate are these claims of land ownership if we go way back ? 
  i 'm willing to admit that each situation is unique and i do n't know much about the magyar situation . 
  if the countryside was romanian , and the cities were n't , is n't that proof that the land was originally romanian ? 
  i mean typically the demographics of cities , especially after the industrial revolution , is quite artificial . 
  the countryside is where you find the native population of a region , because no one migrates to become a farmer . 
  huh , i always assumed rich countries had higher suicide rates . 
  i mean that 's what i always heard . 
  something about how when you 're not precarious about food or money , you 're more easily driven to suicide by an unsatisfactory social or professional life . 
  i see i was completely mistaken here . 
  i once found an abandoned box of 1 to 5 cent coins . 
  they amounted to 30 euros approximately . 
  each time i 'd go to the supermarket , i 'd take a handful of these coins and dump them in the change-counter of the self-check-out machines . 
  got rid of them very fast . 
  anyway yeah , if this is such a problem i do n't understand why governments do n't have change machines here and there to encourage these coins to be reintroduced into the economy ( you throw in your small change and the machine gives you back large change ) . 
  hell , the state could even tax a small percentage and people would still use the machines . 
  where 's the k\u00e4rcher power wash when you need one, 
  what am i missing ? 
  france 's results seem pretty normal to me . 
  italy has an even broader distance between regions no ? 
  seems that for a country the size of france , and with such regional , and environmental diversity ( normans are nothing like basques for example , culturally ) , it 's unsurprising . 
  i have a hard time thinking of an execution method which would be more effective in terms of painlessness and swiftness . 
  well , perhaps those air guns used for slaughtering cows , or innocent bystanders in `` no country for old men '' ... 
  the only bad part of the guillotine is the humiliating and admittedly terrifying process of putting your head into that sort of contraption . 
  a firing squad , or even an electric chair , just seem less degrading . 
  that 's why the guillotine has a bad rap . 
  because it * looks * fucking terrifying . 
  former student in prehistory here . 
  there are definitely prehistorical sites in doggerland , under the north sea . 
  we 've found a bunch already , however mostly near the current coast . 
  but know that there are prehistoric sites and habitats all over the place and most have n't been found of course . 
  i mean human and prehuman prehistory in europe is at least 500,000 years old , and every tribe of prehistoric humans was nomadic or semi-nomadic for all that time , so each tribe built multiple campsites every year , every generation , for hundreds of thousands of years . 
  if you know where and how to look , any layman can find prehistoric stone tools lifted out from the ground after farmers ' machines turned the soil . 
  admittedly , most people ca n't recognise a human-made stone tool from a natural flint flake . 
  but if you know the basics it 's pretty clear when flint was touched by prehistoric human artisans . 
  point is though , yeah , many sites are burried in doggerland , but ultimately , we still have a lot to work with in the land we have left , and i do n't think the extra countless prehistoric sites in doggerland would revolutionize our understanding of human prehistory . 
  though chances are there are very cool and unique things to be found there too . 
  explain `` la promenade des anglais '' in nice :p, 
  dat northern european plain just got massively larger . 
  time to invade russia , and this time britain can come . 
  do n't bother . 
  we got involved in a war we did n't want , to respect an agreement which was completely one-sided on poland 's favor , who 's government was n't exactly likable at the time , notably in how they profited from the nazi invasion of czechia , and they 'll eternally berate us for being unprepared for their war .
